Dr Rosie Llewellyn-Jones MBE is a well-known British scholar with an expertise on Lucknow and its culture. Based in London, where they work for the Royal Society for Asian Affairs, Llewellyn-Jones is a regular visitor to Lucknow and has authored several books on the city.
Them partner for many years was Lt. General Stanley Menezes of the Indian Army (1942–1980).
They were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to the British Association for Cemeteries in South Asia and to British Indian studies.
References
British historians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Kapag Tumibok Ang Puso: Not Once, But Twice is a Filipino comedy drama film, starring Ramon Bong Revilla Jr., Ai-Ai delas Alas, and Precious Lara Quigaman.
The film marked its first time team up of Ai-Ai delas Alas and Senator Bong Revilla and also served for fellow newcomer and also Bb. Pilipinas International 2005 and Beauty Queen, Commercial Model turned actor Precious Lara Quigaman as their first film project.
Plot
When a freak accident occurs, a recently widowed man named Marco Bong Revilla encounters the most unassuming person they will ever meet than even fall in love with named Love Ai-Ai delas Alas but trials and tribulations begin when their children are involved as the pressures begin with their romance whirling but an unkind past comes back to haunt Love.
Cast
Ramon "Bong" Revilla Jr. as Marco
Ai-Ai delas Alas as Love
Precious Lara Quigaman as Sara
Eugene Domingo as Adora
Inah Revilla as Sabrina
Deejay Durano as Louie
Ketchup Eusebio as Brad
Janelle Jamer as Honey
Kiray Celis as Precious
Aaron Junatas as Marky
Special participation
Bobby Andrews
Chokoleit
Soundtrack
The film's main theme comes from the same title from the film "Kapag Tumibok Ang Puso" a cover and single by Toni Gonzaga as the film's main soundtrack and also was originally popularized by Donna Cruz in the 90's.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20111114135507/http://www.watchfilipinomovies.com/kapag-tumibok-ang-puso/
http://www.filmbug.com/asin/B000HLDC9S
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0820911/releaseinfo
2000s Tagalog-language films
2006 comedy-drama films
2006 films
Films directed by Wenn V. Deramas
Philippine comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
Adelaide Hockey Club is a hockey club in Adelaide, South Australia. As a district club serving the Adelaide area, Adelaide operates from the edge of the parklands. Adelaide Hockey Club fields teams in all senior and junior grades, men's and women's. The club has over 400 members across the Junior and Senior Competitions. The club runs the largest Minkey competition in South Australia involving over 250 primary school children from schools across the larger Adelaide metropolitan area.
History
The Adelaide Hockey Club was formed in late 1981, as a result of an internal presidential dispute at Forestville Hockey Club. After a time of sharing playing fields and change rooms, Sturt and Aroha clubs amalgamated with the former Forestville players to form a new club. The home grass fields and clubrooms used to be located on the corner of Beaumont Road and Greenhill Road, now a site for junior and half-field competitions. The current home ground is located on at the corner of Peacock and Greenhill Road and includes a full-sized turf pitch and a smaller turf pitch for the junior U9 competition.
The Club, as part of a Consortium, shares its facilities with Pulteney Grammar School and Tennis Seniors SA.
Club Awards
Hockey SA – Club of the Year (2018)
Active Ambassador Sports Award – Junior Club of the Year (2018)
Hockey SA – Japan Cup (2017,2018,2019)
Club song
The Club song is usually sung as a victory celebration. It is sung to the tune "Lily of Laguna" (the same tune used by the AFL Carlton Football Club).
Australian representatives
Karri McMahon (2012–current)
Georgie Parker (2011–current)
Elise Stacy (2011)
Grant Schubert (2003)
Donna Lee-Patrick (2003–06)
Alison Peek (1989–2000)
Juliet Haslam (1989–2000)
Paul Lewis (1982)
Kerri Proud (1982)
See also
List of sporting clubs in Adelaide
List of South Australian field hockey clubs
External links
Adelaide Hockey Club website
Hockey SA website
Australian field hockey clubs
1981 establishments in Australia
Field hockey clubs established in 1981
Sporting clubs in Adelaide
Mary and Eliza Chulkhurst (or Chalkhurst), commonly known as the Biddenden Maids (1100-1134), were a pair of conjoined twins supposedly born in Biddenden, Kent, England, in the year 1100. They are said to have been joined at both the shoulder and the hip, and to have lived for 34 years. It is claimed that on their death they bequeathed five plots of land to the village, known as the Bread and Cheese Lands. The income from these lands was used to pay for an annual dole of food and drink to the poor every Easter. Since at least 1775, the dole has included Biddenden cakes, hard biscuits imprinted with an image of two conjoined women.
Although the annual distribution of food and drink is known to have taken place since at least 1605, no records exist of the story of the sisters prior to 1770. Records of that time say that the names of the sisters were not known, and early drawings of Biddenden cakes do not give names for the sisters; it is not until the early 19th century that the names "Mary and Eliza Chulkhurst" were first used.
Edward Hasted, the local historian of Kent, has dismissed the story of the Biddenden Maids as a folk myth, claiming that the image on the cake had originally represented two poor women and that the story of the conjoined twins was "a vulgar tradition" arising from a misinterpretation of the image, while influential historian Robert Chambers accepted that the legend could be true but believed it unlikely. Throughout most of the 19th century little research was carried out into the origins of the legend. Despite the doubts among historians, in the 19th century the legend became increasingly popular and the village of Biddenden was thronged with rowdy visitors every Easter. In the late 19th century historians investigated the origins of the legend. It was suggested that the twins had genuinely existed but had been joined at the hip only rather than at both the hip and shoulder, and that they had lived in the 16th rather than the 12th century.
In 1907, the Bread and Cheese Lands were sold for housing, and the resulting income allowed the annual dole to expand considerably, providing the widows and pensioners of Biddenden with cheese, bread and tea at Easter and with cash payments at Christmas. Biddenden cakes continue to be given to the poor of Biddenden each Easter, and are sold as souvenirs to visitors.
Legend
According to tradition Mary and Eliza Chulkhurst, or Chalkhurst, were born to relatively wealthy parents in Biddenden, Kent, in the year 1100. The pair were said to be conjoined at both the shoulder and the hip. They grew up conjoined, and are said to have "had frequent quarrels, which sometimes terminated in blows". At the age of 34, Mary Chulkhurst died suddenly. Doctors proposed to separate the still-living Eliza from their sister's body but they refused, saying "as we came together we will also go together", and died six hours afterwards. In their wills, the sisters left five pieces of land in the Biddenden area comprising around in total to the local church, with the income from these lands (claimed to have been 6 guineas per annum at the time of their death) to provide an annual dole of bread, cheese and beer to the poor every Easter. Henceforward, the lands were to be known as the Bread and Cheese Lands.
History
The churchwardens of Biddenden continued to maintain the annual dole from the Bread and Cheese Lands. It is recorded that in 1605, the custom that "on that day [Easter] our parson giveth unto the parishoners bread, cheese, cakes and divers barrels of beer, brought in there and drawn" was suspended on account of a visit from Charles Fotherby, the Archdeacon of Canterbury, owing to previous ceremonies having caused "much disorder by reason of some unruly ones, which at such time we cannot restrain with any ease". In 1645, rector William Horner claimed that the Bread and Cheese Lands were glebe (land intended for the use of the parish priest), and attempted to take control of the lands. The case of the Bread and Cheese Lands was brought before the Committee for Plundered Ministers, who eventually found in favour of the charity in 1649. Horner brought the case before the Court of the Exchequer in 1656 but again without success, and the charity continued to own the lands and to operate the annual Easter dole. Witness statements from these cases mention that the lands had been given by two women "who grew together in their bodies", but do not give any name for the women.
In 1681 the "disorder and indecency" of the annual dole led to the threat of intervention by the Archbishop of Canterbury. The distribution of the dole ceased to be conducted inside the church; it was moved to the church porch.
By 1770, it is recorded that the annual dole took place immediately after the afternoon Easter service. The annual income from the Bread and Cheese Lands had risen to 20 guineas (about £ in ), and a huge quantity of food was distributed each year. By this time as well as the dole of bread, cheese and beer, hard bread rolls known as "Biddenden cakes", moulded into an image of the sisters, were thrown to crowds from the church roof. The Biddenden cakes were flat, hard and made of flour and water, and were described as "not by any means tempting"; one writer in 1860 described one as "a biscuit plaque".
Origins of the Biddenden Maids legend
Although it is known that the charity had been in operation as early as 1656, an anonymous article in The Gentleman's Magazine in August 1770 is the earliest recorded account of the legend of the Biddenden Maids. This account states that the twins were joined at the hip only, rather than at both the hip and the shoulder, and that they lived to a relatively old age. The article explicitly states that their names were not recorded, and that they were known only as the "Maids of Biddenden". The anonymous author recounts the story of their bequest of the lands to the parish to support the annual dole, and goes on to say that despite the antiquity of the events described, they have no doubt as to their authenticity. As with all accounts of the tradition prior to 1790 the author does not mention their alleged birth in 1100, or the name of Chulkhurst; these details first appeared in a broadside published in 1790. The Antiquarian Repertory of 1775 says that the sisters had lived "as tradition says, two hundred and fifty years ago". Drawings of Biddenden cakes from this period show that they featured an image of two women, possibly conjoined, but no names, dates or ages.
Historian Edward Hasted, in the third volume of The History and Topographical Survey of the County of Kent published in 1798, dismissed the legend of the Biddenden Maids. They claimed that the Bread and Cheese Lands were the gift of two women named Preston (although they elsewhere described the lands as having been "given by persons unknown"). Hasted stated that the Biddenden cakes had only begun to be moulded with the imprint of two women in the last 50 years (i.e. since 1748) and that the figures were intended to represent "two poor widows, as the general objects of a charitable benefaction". While they mentioned a legend that the figures represent two conjoined twins who died in their 20s and bequeathed the Bread and Cheese Lands to the parish, they dismissed it as "a vulgar tradition".
Hasted's arguments were largely accepted by influential historian Robert Chambers, and the story was generally treated as a folk myth. A letter to the British Medical Journal in 1869 pointed out that surnames were not in use in Kent in the 12th century, and that in older styles of English handwriting the 1 and 5 characters could easily be confused, and suggested a correct birthdate of 1500. The Biddenden Maids were occasionally mentioned in pieces on conjoined twins, particularly after Chang and Eng Bunker proved that conjoined twins could live to an advanced age and lead relatively normal lives. Notes and Queries magazine called in 1866 for a close examination of Biddenden documents, the editors describing Hasted's conclusions as "very obscure and unsatisfactory" and questioning why the names "Eliza and Mary Chulkhurst" should have been added to the design of cakes granted by a family named Preston, but no significant research into the tradition was carried out.
Growth of the charity
As the annual dole grew larger the Easter distribution became increasingly popular. In 1808 a broadside featuring a woodcut of the twins and a brief history of their alleged story was sold outside the church at Easter, the first recorded mention of the names "Eliza and Mary Chulkhurst", and clay replicas of Biddenden cakes were sold as souvenirs.
In the 1820s, a new account of the Biddenden Maids was published, which claimed that a gravestone marked with a diagonal line near the rector's pew in Biddenden church was the sisters' burial place. In 1830 it was noted that Biddenden was becoming thronged by visitors every Easter, "attracted from the adjacent towns and villages by the usage, and the wonderful account of its origin, and the day is spent in rude festivity". The large crowds were increasingly disorderly, and churchwardens on occasion had to use their staffs to hold back the mob. As a result, the distribution of the dole was moved from the church to the workhouse, but the crowds continued to cause problems. In 1882 Biddenden's rector applied for authority to abandon the ceremony; the Archbishop of Canterbury permitted the distribution of bread, cheese and Biddenden cakes to continue, but abolished the free beer in an effort to combat the problem of unruly crowds.
In 1900, antiquarian George Clinch investigated the Biddenden Maids in detail. Examining the costumes of the figures on the Biddenden cake moulds, they concluded that the style of dress depicted dated from the reign of Mary I (1553–1558), a date roughly consistent with the "two hundred and fifty years ago" reported in 1775, and concluded that the tradition had originated in the 16th century. They suggested that the "1100" date on Biddenden cakes had originally read "1500", and explained the absence of names on prints of 18th century Biddenden cakes as an engraving error. It is likely that the cake moulds examined by Clinch were not the original moulds, as the designs Clinch examined are strikingly different to the earliest surviving drawings of Biddenden cakes, published in 1775. Writing in the early 1930s, William Coles Finch explains the confusion over the dates, saying "the old-fashioned numeral five is so frequently taken as a one". They lamented the quality of the Biddenden cake then being produced, compared to that of former years. Coles Finch stated that the villagers considered the then-current cake to be unleavened bread.
Belief and scepticism
In almost all drawings and Biddenden cake designs, the twins are shown as conjoined at both the hip and the shoulder. Although such a fusion is theoretically possible, in that twins fused at one point may form a secondary fusion elsewhere, no case of a viable double fusion has ever been documented.
Clinch believed that the evidence pointed to the twins having existed but that they had lived in the 16th century, rather than the early 12th century as generally claimed. They are not, however, mentioned in any journals or books from the period. This points against their having lived in the 16th century; the case of Lazarus and Joannes Baptista Colloredo (1617 – after 1646) had prompted great interest in conjoined twins, and conjoined sisters surviving to adulthood in south-east England would have been widely noted.
In 1895, surgeon J. W. Ballantyne considered the case of the Biddenden Maids from a teratological perspective. They suggested that they had in fact been pygopagus (twins joined at the pelvis). Pygopagus twins are known to put their arms around each other's shoulders when walking, and Ballantyne suggested that this accounted for their apparently being joined at the shoulders in drawings. The pygopagus Millie and Christine McCoy had lived in Britain for a short time before going on to a successful singing career in the United States, and it was known from their case that such twins were capable of surviving to adulthood.
Jan Bondeson (1992 and 2006) proposed that, while the names "Eliza and Mary Chulkhurst" are not recorded in any early documents and are likely to have been a later addition, the existence of the twins and the claimed 1100 year of birth cannot be dismissed. Although mediaeval chronicles are unreliable, they noted multiple reports in the Chronicon Scotorum, the Annals of the Four Masters and the Annals of Clonmacnoise of a pair of conjoined sisters born in or around 1100, although all three are records of Irish history and none mention Kent as the location. They concluded that the case of Christine McCoy, who survived for eight hours following the death of their polypagus twin Millie, shows that the claimed six hours between the deaths of the Biddenden Maids is plausible, and agreed with Ballantyne's proposal that the idea that the twins were joined at the shoulder is a later misinterpretation of the figures on the Biddenden cake. They also pointed out that although there is no recorded version of the legend prior to 1770, there would have been no possible motive for the villagers of the eighteenth century to fabricate the story.
Today
In 1907, the Chulkhurst Charity was amalgamated with other local charities with similar purposes, to form the Biddenden Consolidated Charity, still functioning as a registered charity. The Bread and Cheese Lands were sold for housing, expanding the charity significantly to provide Biddenden pensioners and widows with bread, cheese, and tea at Easter, a cash payment at Christmas, and distribute Biddenden cakes. (During the food rationing of the 1940s and early 1950s, the cheese was replaced by cocoa. Distribution of cheese resumed in 1951.) A wrought iron village sign showing the Biddenden Maids was erected on Biddenden village green in the 1920s.
The tradition of the dole continues to the present, and every Easter Monday tea, cheese and bread are given to local widows and pensioners through the windows of Biddenden's former workhouse. All those eligible for the annual dole are given a Biddenden cake, and they are sold as souvenirs to visitors. The cakes are baked so hard as to be inedible, to allow better preservation as souvenirs; they are baked in large batches every few years and kept until the stock runs out. Historically, the loaves used were of the archaic quartern loaf size, but this particular part of the tradition ended when Biddenden's last bakery closed in the 1990s.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Biddenden Parish Council
Biddenden cakes exhibited at London's Science Museum
Biscuits
Conjoined twins
Kent folklore
People from Biddenden
Twin people from England
Slow Chocolate Autopsy: Incidents from the Notorious Career of Norton, Prisoner of London is a 1997 novel by Iain Sinclair and illustrated by Dave McKean. It concerns Norton who is trapped in space, within London's city limits, but not in time.
Plot summary
The book is in twelve parts, each one featuring Norton (nine of which are in the form of stories and three as a mixture of illustrations and photo-strips). Their adventures include participating in the death of Christopher Marlowe, the Ripper murders, as well as more recent events that have shaped London.
Genre
The book can be considered an example of psychogeography, which explores the specific effects of the geographical environment on the emotions and behavior of individuals.
In other media
Comics
Iain Sinclair's friend Alan Moore has included the character of Andrew Norton, the Prisoner of London, in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume III: Century. The character's physical appearance here is based on that of Sinclair himself.
References
External links
Complete Review Page
1997 British novels
Works by Ian Sinclair
Novels set in London
Sailing competitions at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto will be held from July 12 to 19 at the Royal Canadian Yacht Club's ferry station and parking lot on the mainland side of the harbour. A total of ten events will be contested (two for men, three for women and five mixed gender events).
Originally nine medal events were scheduled to be contested at the games, but a tenth medal event (the women's 49erFX) was added to the program. This was done to get the event to have more gender equality.
The top placing athlete from North America and South America in the men's laser and women's laser radial, will all qualify for the sailing competitions at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Competition schedule
The following is the competition schedule for the sailing competitions:
Competition format
All ten classes will contest a series of opening races and conclude with a medal race which will consist of the top 50% of the boats (with a five boat minimum). All boats will compete in a twelve series opening race, except the RS:X and 49erFX (which will compete in a sixteen race opening series). The first six days will see all boats compete in two races each except the RS:X and 49erFX, which will compete in three races on the first four days of racing. The last two days of competition will each see five medal races.
Medal table
Medalists
Men's events
Women's events
Open events
Participating nations
A total of 21 countries have qualified athletes. The number of athletes a nation has entered is in parentheses beside the name of the country.
Qualification
A total of 140 sailors and 85 boats will qualify to compete at the games. A nation may enter a maximum of one boat in each of the ten events and a maximum of eighteen athletes. Each event will have different qualifying events that began in 2013. However, on December 22, 2014 the Pan American Sailing Federation announced the total quota was raised to 148 athletes and 93 boats (with the laser and laser standard events each receiving an additional four boats). This was done because the event became an Olympic qualifier.
See also
Sailing at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Events at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games
2015
The Palawan Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Palawan.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into three districts, the first district sending five members, the second sending four members, and the third district sending one member to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Palawan, with the exception that Puerto Princesa, a highly urbanized city, is excluded in the third district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Palawan's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Victorino Socrates (PPP)
References
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Politics of Palawan
Gustav Kross () was a Russian pianist and teacher.  They are primarily remembered for being the soloist of the first, negatively-received Russian performance of Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1.
Biography
Gustav Gustavovich Kross was born in Saint Petersburg in 1831. They gave solo piano recitals from the 1850s. They were an enthusiastic supporter of the Russian Musical Society 1859-67. In 1862 they were among the first group of students at the fledgling Saint Petersburg Conservatory, where they studied under Anton Rubinstein and Adolf von Henselt. In 1865 they were in the inaugural class of graduates, along with Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and others.
From 1867 Kross taught piano at the Conservatory. Among their pupils were Vladimir Demyansky and Anna Ornatskaya, who were both early teachers of Sergei Rachmaninoff.
 They are credited with the first performance in Russia of Franz Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 2 in A. There is a note of their performance of Litolff's Concerto Symphonique No. 4 in D minor, Op. 102.
But their name is most often associated with the first Russian performance of Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1 in B-flat minor. This occurred in Saint Petersburg on 1/13 November 1875, just under three weeks after its world premiere by Hans von Bülow in Boston, Mass., in the United States (25 October). Kross played under the baton of the conductor Eduard Nápravník, and in the presence of the composer. Their performance was by all accounts execrable. Tchaikovsky referred to it as "an atrocious cacophony", and the critics were similarly negative, but they extended their remarks to the quality of the concerto itself. One critic said the concerto (Tchaikovsky's first concertante work) was "like the first pancake ...a flop".
Tchaikovsky then chose Sergei Taneyev for the Moscow premiere, and was so delighted with the result that Taneyev premiered all Tchaikovsky's later works for piano and orchestra and their Piano Trio in A minor.
Gustav Kross died in 1885 in the city of their birth, aged 54.
References
1831 births
1885 deaths
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Russian music educators
Piano pedagogues
19th-century classical pianists
19th-century male musicians
The Net () is a 1975 West German drama film directed by Manfred Purzer and starring Mel Ferrer.
Cast
References
External links
1975 films
1975 drama films
1970s psychological thriller films
Films about tabloid journalism
Films about writers
Films based on Austrian novels
Films set in Italy
Films scored by Klaus Doldinger
German drama films
1970s German-language films
West German films
1970s German films
Danielle Charest (1951 – October 13, 2011) was a Quebecois writer, a major figure in the Canadian radical lesbianism movement.
Charest was born in Sherbrooke, Quebec, in 1951. They graduated from the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences in Paris, having written their thesis on gender relations in crime fiction. They subsequently obtained a higher degree in history, focusing on the treatment of lesbians and gay men in crime novels. Charest subsequently worked various odd jobs: folk singer, apple picker, house painter, cook in a fast-food restaurant, taxi driver, horseback riding teacher for children, and French teacher for adults. These experiences helped inspire some of their later works.
They co-directed a documentary film about violence against young girls, published several novels, and wrote in 1993 Ma maison, mon taxi, a biography of Fernande Chartrand, a taxi driver. In 1982, they co-founded as part of a lesbian collective in Montreal the quarterly radical lesbian magazine Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui.
They led debates on various subjects, published articles online, and contributed to Lesbia Magazine. Them book Haro sur les fumeurs, jusqu'où ira la prohibition? ("Haro on Smokers: How Far Will Prohibition Go?"), published in 2008, studies the progression of anti-smoking laws in France in the international context. According to Charest, efforts to punish smokers are part of a larger framework of moralism that could have far broader implications. Charest died in October 2011 at the Paris House for Women, a feminist collective, at age 60, after suffering an aneurism.
Selected works
Crime novels
L'Érablière, 1998
L'Échafaudage, 1999
L'Étouffoir, 2000
L'Entrave, 2002
Conte à rebours, 2003 (second edition in 2012)
Other works
Ma maison, mon taxi, 1993
Mais où est mais, 2000
Tabac : Vérités et mensonges, 2006
Lettreinfo, 2008
Haro sur les fumeurs, jusqu'où ira la prohibition ?, 2008
L'Enchilada, 2011
See also
Amazones d'Hier, Lesbiennes d'Aujourd'hui
References
1951 births
2011 deaths
Canadian novelists in French
Canadian women novelists
Crime novelists
Writers from Sherbrooke
Canadian feminists
LGBT rights activists from Canada
Canadian lesbian writers
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian women writers
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian women writers
21st-century LGBT people
Three vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Barbette for the barbette
HMS Barbette was the French privateer , launched in 1801 that the Royal Navy captured in 1805. They were renamed but never commissioned and was broken up in 1811.
was a Bar-class boom defence vessel launched on 15 December 1937, that prior to 1939 served with the Royal Navy's Eastern Fleet, and was sold to the Turkish Navy on 3 March 1941.
was a launched on 18 June 1943 and broken up in Belgium in 1965
See also
was an of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), launched on 10 April 1968 and sold to the Indonesian Navy on 22 February 1986
References
Royal Navy ship names
Ajševica (; ) is a settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica. It has a population of 261. It is closely linked to the nearby settlements of Kromberk and Loke, which together form a single district in the municipality of Nova Gorica, which is de facto one of the four suburbs of the town of Nova Gorica (together with Solkan, Rožna Dolina, and Pristava). It includes the hamlets of Parkovšče, Gmajna, and Mandrija.
Geography
Ajševica is a dispersed settlement in the low-lying Lijak Basin () to the east and on the slope of Panovec Hill to the west. Lijak Creek, which is subject to flash floods, rises northeast of the village from a spring on the slope of the Trnovo Forest Plateau (). Lijak Creek is fed by Globočnik Creek, which flows from Kromberk. There are springs with potable water in Gmajna. On the slopes to the southwest, toward Stara Gora, there are tilled fields, orchards, and vineyards.
History
Ajševica was bisected by the Morgan Line after the Second World War. In 1947, the upper course of Lijak Creek was regulated to prevent flooding. Water mains were installed in the village in 1965.
References
External links
Ajševica on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Nova Gorica
The men's discus throw events were held at the 2021 World Para Athletics European Championships in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
Medalists
See also
List of IPC world records in athletics
References
Discus throw
2021 in men's athletics
Discus throw at the World Para Athletics European Championships
Rösselsprung was a plan by the German Kriegsmarine to intercept an arctic convoy in mid-1942. It was the German navy's largest operation of its type, and arguably the most successful, resulting as it did in the near destruction of Convoy PQ 17. Ironically, this success was entirely indirect, as no Rösselsprung ship caught sight of the convoy or fired a shot at it. PQ 17's losses were instead due to U-boat and aircraft attacks. Despite not making contact with the convoy a number of the Rösselsprung ships were damaged in the course of the operation, notably the heavy cruiser Lützow, which ran aground in thick fog, necessitating three months of repairs.
Background
The name Rösselsprung refers to the Knight's Move in Chess.
It was an attempt to intercept the arctic convoy expected in late June 1942; this would be PQ 17.
Two naval forces were assembled and held in readiness: the first, at Trondheim, comprised the battleship , the heavy cruiser and six destroyers under the command of Admiral Otto Schniewind; the second — at Narvik — was composed of the heavy cruisers Lützow and and six destroyers under the command of Vice-Admiral Oskar Kummetz.
A patrol line of U-boats was established in the Norwegian Sea north-east of Jan Mayen island; code-named Eisteufel (Ice Devil), this group comprised six boats, increasing later to eight.
An advance line of three boats was also established in the Denmark Strait, east of Iceland, to give early warning of the convoy's departure.
The plan was that when the convoy was sighted, the two battle groups would move north, concentrating at Altenfjord; there they would re-fuel, and await the order to attack, aiming to intercept the convoy in the region of Bear Island.
However, Rösselsprung was handicapped by a complex command process, with authority to go at each stage resting with Hitler himself, and a contradictory mission statement; the forces were instructed not only to attack and destroy the convoy, but also to avoid any action that would lead to damage to the capital ships, particularly Tirpitz. This would prove fatal to the success of the mission.
Action
PQ 17 left Hvalfjörður on 27 June 1942 but it was not detected by the advance patrol.
No warning of PQ 17 was raised until 1 July, when it was spotted by U-456 of Eisteufel; by this time the convoy was already past Jan Mayen Island, and was closing with QP 13.
With the complex decision-making process binding Rösselsprung no move was made until 2 July; Tirpitz, Hipper and four destroyers left Trondheim at 20:00 on 2 July, while Lutzow and Scheer with their five destroyers left Narvik at 12:30 on the 3rd. These journeys were taken through channels between the Norwegian Islands and the main coastline, sometimes known as the Western Leads. The Leads are sheltered and hidden, but tricky to navigate, and the battle groups encountered trouble almost immediately; three of Tirpitzs escorting destroyers ran onto rocks and were forced to return to port. Tirpitz and Hipper with one remaining destroyer arrived at Vestfjord, off Narvik, on 3 July and at Altenfjord at 10 Am on 4 July. Kummetz's battle group also had trouble. Lutzow ran aground in Tjel Sund and was also forced to retire, Kummetz shifting their flag to Scheer; they also arrived at Altenfjord on the 4th.
Meanwhile, the movement by Tirpitz and Hipper northward had been detected by Allied Intelligence, and in response to this threat the Admiralty took the controversial decision to scatter the convoy, which commenced at 22:15 on 4 July. Without the mutual protection provided by sailing in convoy, the ships would be easy prey to the aircraft and U-boats that would beset them; Over the next six days, 20 ships would be lost, totalling twenty four from the convoy altogether.
German Intelligence (B-Dienst) quickly realized that the convoy was scattering, and Schniewind requested permission to sortie. Again, the extended chain of command hindered movement, permission not being received until 15:00 on 5 July, and then only with the caveat to avoid any action with the Allied capital ships; the U-boats of Eisteufel were instructed to leave the attack on the convoy ships to concentrate on finding and attacking the Home Fleet, particularly the carrier .
At 15:00, the fleet — now consisting of Tirpitz, Hipper and Scheer, with seven destroyers and two torpedo boats as escort — left Altenfjord and headed northwest toward the ships of PQ 17.
Almost immediately they were sighted by the Soviet submarine K-21, commanded by Cdr N A Lunin. Lunin sent a sighting report, and attacked the fleet, claiming a hit on Tirpitz; however this is not confirmed by Western sources. An hour later, the fleet was sighted by a British Catalina, and again after another two hours by British submarine .
Both these sighting reports were detected by B-dienst, and at 21:30, Erich Raeder — concerned that the fleet was steaming into a trap — ordered a recall, just six hours after they had set out.
Conclusion
Despite indirectly causing the catastrophic losses to PQ 17, the Rösselsprung operation was a disappointing performance by the German capital ships. Also, Tirpitz, Lutzow and the three destroyers spent a considerable time in dock for repairs. Following this, the Kriegsmarine were unable to mount such an extensive operation again in the Arctic campaign, and never saw a comparable naval success.
References
Conflicts in 1942
Arctic naval operations of World War II
Arctic convoys of World War II
Naval battles of World War II involving Germany
Military operations of World War II
In continuum mechanics, plate theories are mathematical descriptions of the mechanics of flat plates that draws on the theory of beams. Plates are defined as plane structural elements with a small thickness compared to the planar dimensions. The typical thickness to width ratio of a plate structure is less than 0.1. A plate theory takes advantage of this disparity in length scale to reduce the full three-dimensional solid mechanics problem to a two-dimensional problem. The aim of plate theory is to calculate the deformation and stresses in a plate subjected to loads.
Of the numerous plate theories that have been developed since the late 19th century, two are widely accepted and used in engineering. These are
the Kirchhoff–Love theory of plates (classical plate theory)
The Uflyand-Mindlin theory of plates (first-order shear plate theory)
Kirchhoff–Love theory for thin plates
The Kirchhoff–Love theory is an extension of Euler–Bernoulli beam theory to thin plates. The theory was developed in 1888 by Love using assumptions proposed by Kirchhoff. It is assumed that a mid-surface plane can be used to represent the three-dimensional plate in two-dimensional form.
The following kinematic assumptions are made in this theory:
straight lines normal to the mid-surface remain straight after deformation
straight lines normal to the mid-surface remain normal to the mid-surface after deformation
the thickness of the plate does not change during a deformation.
Displacement field
The Kirchhoff hypothesis implies that the displacement field has the form
where and are the Cartesian coordinates on the mid-surface of the undeformed plate, is the coordinate for the thickness direction, are the in-plane displacements of the mid-surface, and is the displacement of the mid-surface in the direction.
If are the angles of rotation of the normal to the mid-surface, then in the Kirchhoff–Love theory
Strain-displacement relations
For the situation where the strains in the plate are infinitesimal and the rotations of the mid-surface normals are less than 10° the strains-displacement relations are
Therefore, the only non-zero strains are in the in-plane directions.
If the rotations of the normals to the mid-surface are in the range of 10° to 15°, the strain-displacement relations can be approximated using the von Kármán strains. Then the kinematic assumptions of Kirchhoff-Love theory lead to the following strain-displacement relations
This theory is nonlinear because of the quadratic terms in the strain-displacement relations.
Equilibrium equations
The equilibrium equations for the plate can be derived from the principle of virtual work. For the situation where the strains and rotations of the plate are small, the equilibrium equations for an unloaded plate are given by
where the stress resultants and stress moment resultants are defined as
and the thickness of the plate is . The quantities are the stresses.
If the plate is loaded by an external distributed load that is normal to the mid-surface and directed in the positive direction, the principle of virtual work then leads to the equilibrium equations
For moderate rotations, the strain-displacement relations take the von Karman form and the equilibrium equations can be expressed as
Boundary conditions
The boundary conditions that are needed to solve the equilibrium equations of plate theory can be obtained from the boundary terms in the principle of virtual work.
For small strains and small rotations, the boundary conditions are
Note that the quantity is an effective shear force.
Stress–strain relations
The stress–strain relations for a linear elastic Kirchhoff plate are given by
Since and do not appear in the equilibrium equations it is implicitly assumed that these quantities do not have any effect on the momentum balance and are neglected.
It is more convenient to work with the stress and moment resultants that enter the equilibrium equations. These are related to the displacements by
and
The extensional stiffnesses are the quantities
The bending stiffnesses (also called flexural rigidity) are the quantities
Isotropic and homogeneous Kirchhoff plate
For an isotropic and homogeneous plate, the stress–strain relations are
The moments corresponding to these stresses are
Pure bending
The displacements and are zero under pure bending conditions. For an isotropic, homogeneous plate under pure bending the governing equation is
In index notation,
In direct tensor notation, the governing equation is
Transverse loading
For a transversely loaded plate without axial deformations, the governing equation has the form
where
In index notation,
and in direct notation
In cylindrical coordinates , the governing equation is
Orthotropic and homogeneous Kirchhoff plate
For an orthotropic plate
Therefore,
and
Transverse loading
The governing equation of an orthotropic Kirchhoff plate loaded transversely by a distributed load per unit area is
where
Dynamics of thin Kirchhoff plates
The dynamic theory of plates determines the propagation of waves in the plates, and the study of standing waves and vibration modes.
Governing equations
The governing equations for the dynamics of a Kirchhoff–Love plate are
where, for a plate with density ,
and
The figures below show some vibrational modes of a circular plate.
Isotropic plates
The governing equations simplify considerably for isotropic and homogeneous plates for which the in-plane deformations can be neglected and have the form
where is the bending stiffness of the plate. For a uniform plate of thickness ,
In direct notation
Uflyand-Mindlin theory for thick plates
In the theory of thick plates, or theory of Yakov S. Uflyand (see, for details, Elishakoff's handbook), Raymond Mindlin and Eric Reissner, the normal to the mid-surface remains straight but not necessarily perpendicular to the mid-surface. If and designate the angles which the mid-surface makes with the axis then
Then the Mindlin–Reissner hypothesis implies that
Strain-displacement relations
Depending on the amount of rotation of the plate normals two different approximations for the strains can be derived from the basic kinematic assumptions.
For small strains and small rotations the strain-displacement relations for Mindlin–Reissner plates are
The shear strain, and hence the shear stress, across the thickness of the plate is not neglected in this theory. However, the shear strain is constant across the thickness of the plate. This cannot be accurate since the shear stress is known to be parabolic even for simple plate geometries. To account for the inaccuracy in the shear strain, a shear correction factor () is applied so that the correct amount of internal energy is predicted by the theory. Then
Equilibrium equations
The equilibrium equations have slightly different forms depending on the amount of bending expected in the plate. For the situation where the strains and rotations of the plate are small the equilibrium equations for a Mindlin–Reissner plate are
The resultant shear forces in the above equations are defined as
Boundary conditions
The boundary conditions are indicated by the boundary terms in the principle of virtual work.
If the only external force is a vertical force on the top surface of the plate, the boundary conditions are
Constitutive relations
The stress–strain relations for a linear elastic Mindlin–Reissner plate are given by
Since does not appear in the equilibrium equations it is implicitly assumed that it do not have any effect on the momentum balance and is neglected. This assumption is also called the plane stress assumption. The remaining stress–strain relations for an orthotropic material, in matrix form, can be written as
Then,
and
For the shear terms
The extensional stiffnesses are the quantities
The bending stiffnesses are the quantities
Isotropic and homogeneous Uflyand-Mindlin plates
For uniformly thick, homogeneous, and isotropic plates, the stress–strain relations in the plane of the plate are
where is the Young's modulus, is the Poisson's ratio, and are the in-plane strains. The through-the-thickness shear stresses and strains are related by
where is the shear modulus.
Constitutive relations
The relations between the stress resultants and the generalized displacements for an isotropic Mindlin–Reissner plate are:
and
The bending rigidity is defined as the quantity
For a plate of thickness , the bending rigidity has the form
where
Governing equations
If we ignore the in-plane extension of the plate, the governing equations are
In terms of the generalized deformations , the three governing equations are
The boundary conditions along the edges of a rectangular plate are
Reissner–Stein static theory for isotropic cantilever plates
In general, exact solutions for cantilever plates using plate theory are quite involved and few exact solutions can be found in the literature. Reissner and Stein provide a simplified theory for cantilever plates that is an improvement over older theories such as Saint-Venant plate theory.
The Reissner-Stein theory assumes a transverse displacement field of the form
The governing equations for the plate then reduce to two coupled ordinary differential equations:
where
At , since the beam is clamped, the boundary conditions are
The boundary conditions at are
where
{| class="toccolours collapsible collapsed" width="60%" style="text-align:left"
!Derivation of Reissner–Stein cantilever plate equations
|-
|The strain energy of bending of a thin rectangular plate of uniform thickness is given by
where is the transverse displacement, is the length, is the width, is the Poisson's
ratio, is the Young's modulus, and
The potential energy of transverse loads (per unit length) is
The potential energy of in-plane loads (per unit width) is
The potential energy of tip forces (per unit width), and bending moments and
(per unit width) is
A balance of energy requires that the total energy is
With the Reissener–Stein assumption for the displacement, we have
and
Taking the first variation of with respect to and
setting it to zero gives us the Euler equations
and
where
Since the beam is clamped at , we have
The boundary conditions at can be found by integration by parts:
where
|}
See also
Bending of plates
Vibration of plates
Infinitesimal strain theory
Membrane theory of shells
Finite strain theory
Stress (mechanics)
Stress resultants
Linear elasticity
Bending
Föppl–von Kármán equations
Euler–Bernoulli beam equation
Timoshenko beam theory
References
Continuum mechanics
The Pfarrernotbund () was an organisation founded on 21 September 1933 to unite German evangelical theologians, pastors and church office-holders against the introduction of the Aryan paragraph into the 28 Protestant regional church bodies and the Deutsche Evangelische Kirche (DEK) and against the efforts by Reich-bishop Ludwig Müller and the German Christians (DC) since April 1933 to merge the German Protestant churches into one Reich Church that would be Nazi in ideology and entirely lacking any Jewish or Christian origins. As a Christian resistance to National Socialism it was the forerunner of the Confessing Church, founded the following year.
Prelude
Hitler discretionarily ordered unconstitutional and premature re-elections of all presbyters and synod deputies in all the Protestant regional church bodies in Germany for July 23, 1933. In these elections the Nazi Kirchenpartei called Faith Movement of the German Christians gained an average of 70-80% of all seats in the presbyteries and synods. Only in a minority of congregations the German Christians gained no majority. Only in 4 regional synods other Kirchenparteien held the majority of the seats, those were the synods of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria, the Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Hanover, and the Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Württemberg, and the provincial synod of the ecclesiastical province of Westphalia, a regional substructure within the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union, which itself had a German Christian majority in its general synod. In 1934 the new Nazi-submissive general leadership of the old-Prussian Church suspended the Westphalian provincial synod. The opposition among Protestant parishioners and pastors thus regarded only the former three church bodies as uncorrupted intact churches, as opposed to the other then so-called destroyed churches.
On September 5 and 6 the same year the General Synod of the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union convened. The German Christians used their new majority, as they had done earlier in many provincial synods to the effect to adopt the so-called Aryan paragraph () as church law, thus demanding that employees of the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Unionbeing all baptised Protestant church members – who had grandparents, who were enrolled as Jews, or who were married with such persons, were all to be dismissed.
On 7 April 1933 the Nazi Reich's government had introduced an equivalent law for all state officials and employees. By introducing the Nazi racist attitudes into the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union, the approving synodals betrayed the Christian sacrament of baptism, according to which this act makes a person a Christian, superseding any other faith, which oneself may have been observing before and knowing nothing about any racial affinity as a prerequisite of being a Christian, let alone one's grandparents' religious affiliation being an obstacle to being a Christian.
When on September 5 Karl Koch, then praeses of the Westphalian provincial synod, tried to bring forward the arguments of the opposition against the Aryan paragraph and the abolition of synodal and presbyterial democracy, the majority of German Christian general synodals shouted them down. The German Christians abused the general synod as a mere acclamation, like a Nazi party convention. Koch and their partisans left the synod. The majority of German Christians thus voted in the Aryan paragraph for all the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union. On September 5 the general synodals passed the retroactive church law, which only established the function and title of bishop, already prior used by Reich's Bishop Ludwig Müller, calling themselves also state bishop () of the old-Prussian Church. The same law renamed the ecclesiastical provinces into bishoprics (, sg./pl.), each ledaccording to the new law of September 6 – by a provincial bishop () replacing the prior general superintendents.
Rudolf Bultmann and Hans von Soden, professors of Protestant theology at the Philip's University in Marburg upon Lahn, wrote in their assessment in 1933, that the Aryan paragraph contradicts the Protestant confession of everybody's right to perform them or their faith freely. "The Gospel is to be universally preached to all peoples and races and makes all baptised persons insegregable brethren to each other. Therefore unequal rights, due to national or racial arguments, are inacceptable as well as any segregation."
By enabling the dismissal of all Protestants of Jewish descent from jobs with the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union and other regional church bodies, the official church bodies accepted the Nazi racist doctrine of anti-Semitism. This breach with Christian principles within the range of the church was unacceptable to many church members. Nevertheless, pursuing Martin Luther's doctrine of the Doctrine of the Two Regiments (God rules within the world: Directly within the church and in the state by means of the secular government) many church members could not see any basis, how a Protestant church body could interfere with the anti-Semitism performed in the state sphere, since in its self-conception the church body was a religious, not a political organisation.
Only few parishioners and clergy, mostly of Reformed tradition, followed John Calvin's doctrine of the Kingdom of Christ within the church and the world. Among them were Karl Barth and Dietrich Bonhoeffer, who demanded the church bodies to oppose the abolition of democracy and the unlawfulness in the general political sphere.
Especially pastors in the countryside were outraged about this development. Herbert Goltzen, Eugen Weschke, and Günter Jacob, three pastors from Lower Lusatia, regarded the introduction of the Aryan paragraph as the violation of the confession. In late summer 1933 Jacob, pastor in Noßdorf (a part of today's Forst in Lusatia), developed the central theses, which became the self-commitment of the opponents.
Gathering the opposition in the Emergency Covenant of Pastors
On September 11, 1933, Gerhard Jacobi, pastor of William I Memorial Church, Berlin, gathered ca. 60 opposing pastors, who clearly saw the breach of Christian and Protestant principles. Weschke and Günter Jacob proposed to found the Pfarrernotbund, and so they did, electing Pastor Martin Niemöller their president. On the basis of the theses of Günter Jacob its members concluded that a schism was a matter of fact, a new Protestant church was to be established, since the official destroyed churches were anti-Christian, heretical and therefore illegitimate. Each pastor joining the Covenantuntil the end of September 1933 2,036 out of a total of 18,842 Protestant pastors in Germany acceded – had to sign that they rejected the Aryan paragraph.
In 1934 the Covenant counted 7,036 members, after 1935 the number sank to 4,952, among them 374 retired pastors, 529 auxiliary preachers and 116 candidates of ministry.
Notes
German resistance to Nazism
Christian movements
Christian organizations established in 1933
1930s disestablishments in Germany
1933 establishments in Germany
20th-century Lutheranism
Jewish German history
Late modern Christian antisemitism
Nazi Germany and Protestantism
Christian and Jewish interfaith dialogue
Dietrich Bonhoeffer
1933 in Christianity
Defunct Christian organizations
Illinka () is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. It is part of Kurakhove urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 83.91%
Russian 16.09%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
was a short-lived political party in Japan. It had 37 out of the 480 seats in the House of Representatives, and 12 in the 242-member House of Councillors. On 28 November 2012, the party merged into Governor of Shiga Yukiko Kada's Japan Future Party based in Ōtsu.
Foundation
The party was founded by Ichiro Ozawa and 48 other diet members who were in the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) after the DPJ government of Yoshihiko Noda voted to increase the consumption tax from 5% to 10%. The inaugural meeting was held at the parliamentary museum on 11 July 2012. The diet members included 37 lower house members and 12 upper house members. By the end of the month the party had become the third largest in the lower house behind the DPJ and the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and the fourth largest bloc in the upper house behind the DPJ, LDP, and New Komeito.
Goals
The party opposed the increase in the consumption tax and plans to reduce nuclear energy to zero.
Nevertheless, many saw the party's, especially Ozawa's, opposition to the increase in consumption tax and plans to maintain nuclear energy usage as simply being politically expedient positions.
Plans for alliances
Ozawa told their aides: "It'll be all right if we do it like the Olive Tree Coalition." Possible coalition partners would be the Osaka Restoration Association of Osaka mayor Toru Hashimoto, New Party Daichi – True Democrats, the Genzei Nippon party of Takashi Kawamura, the Aichi is Top of Japan party of Hideaki Ōmura and a possible party to be founded by Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara. They may also seek an alliance with the Social Democratic Party.
On 9 July 2012, Governor Takuya Tasso of Iwate Prefecture, historical home to the Ozawa family and the district that Ozawa represents, announced that they would cut ties with the DPJ and join the new party.
Motions against Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda
On 3 August 2012, the People's Life First in concert with six other minor opposition parties (The Kizuna Party, Japanese Communist Party, Social Democratic Party, Your Party, New Party Nippon (which has no lower-house lawmaker) and the New Renaissance Party) agreed to submit a no confidence motion against Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda in an effort to block the passage of the bill raising Japan's consumption tax from 5% to 10%. In the Japanese diet the support of 51 lawmakers is required to submit a co-confidence motion to the lower house. The motion was submitted to the House of Representatives on 7 August 2012, along with a censure motion against Noda in the House of Councillors. The main opposition Liberal Democratic Party was also considering its own no-confidence motion and censure motions if Noda did not agree to call a general election. The no-confidence motion was voted down 246 to 86, with the DPJ voting against and the LDP and its partner New Komeito deciding to be absent from the vote after Noda agreed to hold elections "soon".
On 29 August 2012, the House of Councillors passed a censure motion against Noda based on the one previously submitted by the seven opposition parties. The LDP and New Komeito had also been preparing their own censure motion but in the end the LDP, which had supported Noda's consumption tax increase, supported the censure motion of the other seven parties, while New Komeito abstained. While the censure motion was non-binding, the opposition parties planned to boycott the remaining sitting days before the diet session finished on September 8, preventing further legislation from being passed.
Addition of former Kizuna Party members
On November 15, 2012, after Noda called an early election for December 16, 2012, the Kizuna Party, which like People's Life First had been founded by DPJ defectors, decided to dissolve and merge with People's Life First. However, party leader Akira Uchiyama decided not to do so, instead planning to cooperate with former People's New Party leader Shizuka Kamei to form a third force in national politics. This change meant that the amount of lawmakers in the party would increase to 57, with 45 in the lower house and 12 members in the upper house.
Merger with Tomorrow Party of Japan and dissolution
Just prior to the December 16, 2012 General Election, the Diet members of the party joined the newly established Tomorrow Party of Japan, and the party was dissolved. The Tomorrow Party went into the election with 12 members in the upper house and 61 in the lower house, but performed poorly, with only nine members being re-elected.
Presidents of People's Life First
References
External links
2012 disestablishments in Japan
2012 establishments in Japan
Centrist parties in Japan
Defunct political parties in Japan
Political parties disestablished in 2012
Political parties established in 2012
Lourdes Domínguez Lino was the defending champion, having won the event in 2012, but they chose not to defend their title.
Andrea Petkovic won the title, defeating Anabel Medina Garrigues in the final, 6–4, 6–2.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Open Feminin De Marseille - Singles
Captain Bernard Acworth DSO (3 February 1885 – 16 February 1963) was an English submariner, writer, evangelical Christian and creationist.
Biography
Acworth was trained at the Royal Naval College, Greenwich, becoming a submariner during the First World War and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order in 1917. After retiring from the Royal Navy, they became a journalist and unsuccessful parliamentary candidate (in 1931 as a Liberal at Pontypridd and as an Independent at Putney in 1942). In 1932 Acworth, Douglas Dewar, Lewis Merson Davies and Sir Ambrose Fleming launched the Evolution Protest Movement (later named the Creationist Science Movement), which was dedicated to opposing the teaching of evolution as a scientific fact. Acworth also corresponded with C. S. Lewis regarding their views on the incompatibility of evolution and Christianity.
Acworth published some idiosyncratic views on biological matters. They claimed that birds, and other aerial migrants such as butterflies, do not migrate purposefully over particular routes, but wander aimlessly, their apparent routes a result of the prevailing winds at different seasons. They also believed that parasitic cuckoos are hybrids between male cuckoos and the females of the host species.
Reception
Their book This Bondage: A Study Of The "Migration" Of Birds, Insects, And Aircraft received positive reviews in two science journals. For example the British Medical Journal described it as a "charming work that will be welcomed by all their fellow bird lovers for the very clear exposition which it contains of the principles of bird flight." A more critical review in The Auk criticized the book for trying to discredit the evidence for evolution and noted that:
They fail to take the physical fact of inertia sufficiently into consideration, nor do they grant to most birds the superiority over normal meteorological conditions which they undoubtedly have. They build up an elaborate theory in which zoological dispersal, migration, and other natural phenomena are dependent ultimately upon temperature plus the winds. While their deductions and reasoning are not without considerable value, they are undoubtedly of most value to one capable of realizing the weakness of Commander Acworth's ornithological information... In developing their own special theories they set up one straw man after another and succeeds to their satisfaction in knocking it down.
A review of their Bird and Butterfly Mysteries in the journal Bird-Banding was also negative:
The kindest possible appraisal of Captain Acworth's theories of migration is that they might be true if birds acted in the way they think they do and if they flew in an atmosphere in which there was no turbulence and in which the only winds were the prevailing winds of the climatic charts. But their theories do not hold in the imperfect real world in which ornithologists must work.
Acworth received criticism from naturalists for not being a field observer, something which they confessed to. Their arm-chair speculations such as their unorthodox ideas about cuckoos were disproven by observational research.
Publications
Books authored by Acworth include:
1929 – This Bondage: A Study of the "Migration" of Birds, Insects, and Aircraft, with some Reflections on "Evolution" and Relativity.
1930 – The Navies of Today and Tomorrow. A Study of the Naval Crisis from Within. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1932 – Back to the Coal Standard: The Future of Transport and Power. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1934 – The Navy and the Next War. A Vindication of Sea Power. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1934 – This Progress: The Tragedy of Evolution. Rich & Cowan: London.
1935 – The Restoration of England's Sea Power. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1937 – Britain in Danger: An Examination of Our New Navy.
1940 – How the War Will Be Won. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1940 – What We Are Fighting For. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1940 – The Navy's Here! Raphael Tuck Books: London.
1940 – Life in a Submarine. Raphael Tuck Books: London.
1944 – The Cuckoo and Other Bird Mysteries. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1947 – Butterfly Miracles and Mysteries. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1947 – Swift: A Study. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
1955 – Bird and Butterfly Mysteries: Realities of Migration. Eyre and Spottiswoode: London.
References
External links
Creation Science Movement
1885 births
1963 deaths
British Christian creationists
20th-century English writers
20th-century English male writers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
Royal Navy submariners
Buruciye Medrese or Buruciye Madrasah () is a former medrese, in Sivas, Turkey. It was built during the reign of Seljuk sultan Gıyaseddin Keyhüsrev III in 1271.
Location
Buruciye Medrese is at Kent Meydanı ("City Square") in the Eskikale neighborhood of Merkez ("Central") district in Sivas. The main entrance is from the west. Taken into account that there are two big medreses, Çifte Minareli Medrese and Şifaiye Medrese, in the vicinity, it is assumed that the location of the Buruci Medrese was a cultural center of Sivas.
History
The medrese was built in 1271 (AH 670) during the reign of Seljuk sultan Gıyaseddin Keyhüsrev III (r. 1265–1284) for education in the fields of physics, chemistry and astronomy by Muzaffer Burucerdi, who originated from Borujerd close to Hamadan in western Iran. The tomb of the endower, who is named as "Muzaffer bin İbâdullah el-Mufaddal el-Burûcirdî", is situated in a section of the medrese .
Architecture
The architect of the medrese building is not known. The building is designed in the form of old Turkic medreses in Central Asia. It has a near-quadrat plan. Its architecture has the most regular symmetry among the medreses in Anatolia. It is constructed in a ground floor and aa mezzanine, with four iwans around an open courtyard. The main facade wall is built in ashlar. The side walls are of partly ashlar and rubble masonry, while the backside wall is also of rubble masonry. Also bricks gathered are used in the building. The building's walls are thick depending on their position. The main iwan, which resembles a lacework with the patterns of its muqarnas, has the dimensions . The outflow crown gate is flanked by two muqarnas windows and two grooved towers in the corners. The portal's iwan is surrounded by inscriptions. Its mquarnas is decorated with geometric figures. The domed room behind the window at right of the main gate conyains a mihrab, and it is assumed that the room was used as a masjid. The room behind the left window in the facade is reserved for the tomb, which contains the sarcophagi of the endower and their children. The entire walls of the tomb were initially covered with rich hexagonal tiles in blue and black. The tiles on the walls survived partly today. The endower's full name is written in an inscription belt running around at the top of the tomb room walls, just below the lines of tile-covered muqarnases.
There are porches of about width on two sides of the courtyard. The pointed arches of the porches are carried by high round columns of nearly diameter. It is assumed that the columns were gathered for reuse because some of the column capitals are of Corinthian order, some of them bear Byzantine monograms. There are no porches at the main gate's courtyard side iwan and at the iwan across from the main gate.
There are eight cells facing the courtyard. The cells have a door opening to the courtyard, but no windows. The ceiling of the cells behind the narrow porch is in the form of barrel vault. The cells next to the portal feature staircase leading to the roof. Each of the staircases situated at both sides of the main gate's iwan lead to the separate mezzarine rooms with windows.
Buruciye Medrese is considered "one of the best examples of the Seljuk architecture in Anatolia having the most harmonious and completeness with its architectural elements and ornaments. "
Restoration and current use
After the 1920s, in the Republican era, the medreses' function was abolished in Turkey. The Buruciye Medrese remained vacant for many years, and ruined partly, including the complete destruction of its mezzanine.
In the beginning, the Ministry of National Education was responsible for the maintenance and restoration of the medreses. After the transfer of this duty to the Ministry of Culture in 1957, the restoration of the Bucuriye Medrese, which began already in 1956, continued between 1960 and 1968. It was completely restored, and the mezzanine was reconstructed. In 2005, repair works carried out including floor reinforcement and drainage system improvement, electrical installation, covering of the domes with lead sheets, stone flooring and repair of demolished rubble masonry.
The medrese is owned by the Directorate General of Foundations. In 2015, it was allocated to the Mufti of Sivas. It is used for diverse religious educational and cultural activities, such as Quran, Arabic, Ottoman Turkish, Tafsir, Hadith, Islamic calligraphy, paper marbling, illuminated manuscript and blowing the ney . The facility hosts also two reading rooms, and a handicraft arts center. In the tomb, Qur'an reading is performed daily by a different religious official, and the sound is transmitted to the entire medrese audible by visitors. Religious guidance and counseling service is provided during working hours on weekdays. Visitors can receive a cup of tea free of charge.
World Cultural Heritage Site
The Buruciye Medrese was nominated as a World Heritage Site on 15 April 2014. It is placed on the tentative list of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Sivas
Buildings and structures completed in 1271
Madrasas in Turkey
Tourist attractions in Sivas
Seljuk architecture
World Heritage Tentative List for Turkey
Karol Wiktor Zawodziński, pseudonym Karol de Johne, (1 June 1890 – 14 December 1949) was highly acclaimed Polish literary critic, theoretist and historian of literature. Associated with a poetical group Skamander.
Biography
Zawodziński was born on 1 June 1890 in Warsaw. In the years of 1908–1913 they studied a Roman philology at the University of Saint Petersburg. In 1914 they joined Polish Legions and during the years of 1918–1932 was an officer in a Polish Army.
In 1921 they made their own debut as a literary critic in Przegląd Warszawski, where they also published their own poetry works, later collected in Descour under pseudonym Karol de Johne. Zawodziński was awarded Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature (). In 1946 they became a professor of the Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń.
They died on 14 December 1949 in Toruń.
Notable works
Maria Dąbrowska. Historyczno-literackie znaczenie jej twórczości (1933)
Zarys wersyfikacji polskiej (Outline of Polish versification), vol. 1–2 (1936–1954)
Blaski i nędze realizmu powieściowego w latach ostatnich (1937)
Liryka polska w dobie jej kryzysu (1939)
Stulecie trójcy powieściopisarzy (1947)
Works published posthumously
Studia z wersyfikacji polskiej (1954)
Opowieści o powieści (1963)
Wśród poetów (1964)
Citations
References
1890 births
1949 deaths
Polish literary historians
Literary theorists
Writers from Warsaw
Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń faculty
Polish Army officers
Polish literary critics
Polish male poets
Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature
20th-century Polish poets
20th-century male writers
St Thomas à Becket Church in Pensford, Somerset southwest England, dates from the 14th century, active in 1341, although only the tower remains from that date, the rest of the church having been rebuilt in 1868 by Giles and Robinson Architects and the church was reconsecrated in 1869.
The church became derelict as a result of flood damage caused by the River Chew in 1968. It remained in disuse until 2008.
The west tower and tierceron vault date from the 14th century. The west doorway with a two-centered arch, dates back to the 15th century, and the font which has quatrefoils and roses, is of similar age. The rest of the church was rebuilt in 1869, by Charles Edmund Giles of Taunton.
It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and was on the English Heritage Buildings at Risk Register, following damage in a flood in 1968. The church was declared redundant on 30 July 1971, and the tower is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
During the 1980s an attempt was made to turn it into an arts centre but this was abandoned when the extent of the repairs required to make the building safe became clear. In 2007 the church was put on the market for redevelopment, and in 2008 purchased for repair and use as a private dwelling. The conversion was recorded for a documentary as the first episode of the BBC television programme Restoration Home, which also explored the history of the church.
See also
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in South West England
List of ecclesiastical parishes in the Diocese of Bath and Wells
References
Bibliography
External links
GENUKI:St Thomas à Becket's Church, Pensford
14th-century church buildings in England
Church of England church buildings in Bath and North East Somerset
Grade II* listed buildings in Bath and North East Somerset
Grade II* listed churches in Somerset
Churches in Somerset
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
Structures on the Heritage at Risk register in Somerset
Former churches in Somerset
YTV is a Canadian English language specialty channel owned by YTV Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Corus Entertainment. The channel and its programming are targeted at children and young teenagers; its name was originally thought to be an abbreviation for "Youth Television", though the channel's website has denied this.
The channel was launched on September 1, 1988 by owners Rogers Media and CUC Broadcasting upon launch. In 1995, Shaw Communications acquired CUC's 34% stake and in 1998, it acquired Rogers' remaining interest of the channel, before Shaw's media division was spun off to form Corus Entertainment in 1999. Under Corus ownership, YTV sources most of its programming from U.S.-based Nickelodeon and launched its own dedicated TV channel several years later.
YTV operates two time shifted feeds, running on both Eastern and Pacific Time Zone schedules, and is available in over 11.0 million households in Canada as of 2013.
History
The channel was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) in 1987 by Rogers Cable and CUC Broadcasting.
The channel launched on September 1, 1988 at 7:00 p.m., with the first program being a special party celebrating the launch of YTV, hosted by John Candy. At launch, Rogers held 75% of the channel while CUC owned 25%.
In 1995, Calgary-based Shaw Communications acquired CUC's stake of 34% ownership of YTV. Shaw acquired Rogers' remaining share in 1998 to take full control of it. In 1999, the media assets of Shaw were spun off to form Corus Entertainment.
Two Corus specialty channel applications for YTV extensions, YTV POW!, an internationally sourced kids' action, adventure and superhero genre, and YTV OneWorld, targeting children from age 9 to 17 with travel, humour, games, and STEM were approved on September 18, 2008. The YTV Oneworld license was used to launch Nickelodeon Canada.
On January 11, 2011, a high-definition feed was launched.
Programming
Current YTV original programming include hosted programming blocks, such as The Zone. In addition to original programming, YTV has historically acquired and co-produced programming with the U.S cable network Nickelodeon.
Programming blocks
Current programming blocks
Fam Fun (2021–present)
The Zone (September 2, 1991–present)
The Zone Weekend is co-hosted by Spencer Litzinger and Alex Wierzbicki.
Big Fun Movies (January 2, 2011–present)
Former programming blocks
The Treehouse (1994–98)
YTV Jr. (September 7, 1998 – 2002)
YTV PlayTime (2010–12)
Bionix (September 10, 2004 – February 7, 2010)
CRUNCH (September 9, 2006 – September 28, 2013)
Big Fun Weeknights
Big Fun Fridays
3 Hairy Thumbs Up (October 19, 2002 to August 31, 2008)
Moovibot (September 5, 2008 – September 6, 2009)
ZAPX Movies (September 11, 2005 – November 7, 2010)
Vortex (YTV) (September 15, 2001 – June 24, 2006)
Brainwash
Snit Station
Limbo (2000-2001)
Toon Town Alley
The Alley
The Breakfast Zone (1995–1996)
The B-Zone
The Vault (1997)
YTV Shift
Spine Chilling Saturday Nights (1998)
The Dark Corner
Whiplash Wednesdays
Nickelodeon Sundays
Famalama DingDong
Program jockeys
Prior to the mid-1990s, YTV called their program jockeys "PJs" in the same vein as disc jockey (DJ) or video jockey (VJ). Current hosts of these segments have since dropped the moniker as of the mid-1990s.
Current program jockeys
The Zone is co-hosted by Spencer Litzinger, Alex Wierzbicki and Melony Manikavasagar.
Big Fun Movies is hosted by Duhin Nanda.
Past program jockeys/hosts
Meisha Watson
Carlos Bustamante
Lisa Gilroy
Victor Verbitsky
Stephanie "Sugar" Beard
Elizabeth Becker
Jenn Beech, also known as "PJ Jenn"
Stéphanie Broschart
Andrew Chapman
Rachael Crawford
Laura DaSilva
Emily Agard
Ali J. Eisner, also known as "Carrie Funkwash"
Janis Mackey Frayer, also known as "PJ Jazzy Jan"
The Grogs, puppeteers Jamie Shannon and Jason Hopley
Phil Guerrero, also known as "PJ Fresh Phil"
Laurie Gelman (née Hibberd)
Daryn Jones
Pat Kelly, also known as "Random Pat"
Krista Jackson, also known as "PJ Krista"
"PJ Simon"
Paul McGuire
Simon Mohos
Ajay Fry
Paula Lemyre
Shaun Majumder, also known as "Ed Brainbin"
Aashna Patel, also known as "PJ Aashna"
Joyce Quansah
Jennifer Katie Racicot, also known as "PJ Katie"
Michael Quast, also known as "Michael Q"
Anand Rajaram, the voice of Snit on Snit Station
Atul N. Rao, Snit's voice & puppeteer on The Zone
Rob Stefaniuk, also known as "PJ Rob"
"PJ Rockin Chan"
Marty Stelnick, puppeteer
Phil McCordic, also known as "PJ Taylor"
Todd Doldersum, also known as "PJ Todd"
Gordon Michael Woolvett, also known as "Gord the PJ Man"
Russell Zeid
Honey Khan
Cory Atkins
Exan AuYoung
Mark McAllister
Wilf Dinnick
"Tarzan" Dan Freeman
Shauna MacDonald
Adrian Pryce
Related services
Treehouse
Treehouse is a Category A cable and satellite specialty channel which airs programming targeted to preschoolers, from 2 to 5. It launched on November 1, 1997. The channel's name is taken from YTV's now-defunct children's programming block, The Treehouse. Treehouse is carried nationwide throughout Canada and it broadcasts its programming without commercial interruption.
Nickelodeon
Nickelodeon is a Category B cable and satellite specialty channel that was launched on November 2, 2009, and is based on the U.S. cable channel Nickelodeon. Like its counterparts in the U.S. and elsewhere, Nickelodeon airs programs aimed at children to younger teenagers, targeted at 7—11. including both live action series and animation.
Former
Vortex on Demand
In July 2005, Corus Entertainment partnered up with Comcast Corporation to launch a cable video-on-demand service called "Vortex on Demand" in the United States. The deal consisted of 393 30 minute animation TV series from the Nelvana library; it aired programs such as Cadillacs & Dinosaurs and Medabots. The service was discontinued in mid-2007.
Bionix On Demand
In 2008, Corus Entertainment began offering a video-on-demand service called "Bionix On Demand" to Canadian cable providers. Rogers Cable and Shaw Cable were the only providers to offer the service. The service offered older and newer anime programs that did not air on YTV itself. The video-on-demand service was previously titled "YTV Anime On Demand". Bionix On Demand was discontinued on December 17, 2009, and was replaced by YTV On Demand.
YTV GO
YTV GO was a TV Everywhere mobile app available on the App Store and Google Play Store. It was available at no extra charge to all subscribed customers of Access Communications, Bell Satellite TV, Cogeco, Shaw Cable, Shaw Direct, Telus, and VMedia. It offered episodes of various programming from YTV. The app operated between September 2015 and May 1, 2019.
Related businesses
Whoa! magazine, YTV's official magazine, began publication in 1999 by Creative House, a joint venture between the channel, Today's Parent Group and Paton Publishing. It was distributed through Pizza Hut, YTV events, Chapters and Indigo bookstores, Canadian newsstands, and subscriptions. Three issues were released in its first year, followed by four in 2000 before the magazine officially became a quarterly (spring, summer, fall, and winter) in 2001. The magazine celebrated its fifth anniversary with a spring collector's issue in 2004. In 2007, the magazine became available as an e-zine on YTV.com. Building on that, in 2008 two additional issues (six for the year) were published as online exclusives. In 2009, YTV ended its association with the magazine. Patton relaunched Whoa! as a magazine/blogging platform without the YTV branding that same year, before ceasing publication in 2011 and shutting the site down in 2012.
Big Fun Party Mix was a series of compilation cassettes/CDs containing songs from various tween approved artists, as well as tracks featured in YTV's Hit List and The Next Star, plus performances by the stations band "Nuclear Donkey". Universal Music Canada published 11 entries from 2000 to 2009.
Yabber.net was a moderated online chat room operated from 2001 to 2004. The site hosted live chats between viewers and celebrities, voice actors, YTV hosts, and staff. Upon its closure, YTV.com absorbed some of its functionality.
The Big Rip was an online portal for browser-based massively multiplayer online games for preteens. Developed by Corus Entertainment and Frima Studio, it launched February 15, 2007. Frima later assumed complete control of the portal before ceasing updates in 2010 and later shutting down the site.
YTV Spills was a follow-up quarterly magazine to Whoa! produced in association with The Magazine between 2010 and 2012.
Keep It Weird is a YouTube channel featuring various productions by Nelvana, another division of Corus Entertainment, along with past Nickelodeon series, channel promos, and YTV originals. It launched in 2015 under the name Nelvana Retro and was later rebranded to YTV Direct in 2016 before assuming its current name in 2018.
International distribution
Jamaica - distributed on Flow Cable systems.
Bahamas - formerly distributed on Cable Bahamas systems channel 307. Removed from the channel line up as of September 2020 due to the programming lineup changes.
References
External links
1988 establishments in Canada
English-language television stations in Canada
Children's television networks in Canada
Corus Entertainment networks
Television channels and stations established in 1988
Analog cable television networks in Canada
Albinaria caerulea is a species of air-breathing rock-dwelling clausiliidae land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Habitat
Albinaria caerulea lives, like most Albinaria species, on limestone substrates in semi-arid habitats, and aestivates on limestone rock-surfaces covered by lichens, algae and mosses.
Description
This species has a medium-sized shell which is smooth and white, and measures up to 16 mm tall. Albinaria caerulea usually occurs in large numbers, however numbers can fall sharply if there are predators around such as birds. The estimated life of a snail of this species is around 7 years.
Distribution
This species occurs in:
Greece
References
External links
http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=2
Albinaria
Molluscs of Europe
Gastropods described in 1835
This is a list of schools in the Borough of Bedford, in the English county of Bedfordshire.
State-funded schools
Primary and lower schools
Balliol Primary School, Kempston
Bedford Road Primary School, Kempston
Brickhill Primary School, Brickhill, Bedford
Broadmead Lower School, Stewartby
Bromham CE Primary School, Bromham
Camestone School, Kempston
Carlton CE Primary School, Carlton
Castle Newnham School, Castle, Bedford
Cauldwell School, Cauldwell, Bedford
Christopher Reeves CE Primary School, Podington
Cotton End Forest School, Cotton End
Edith Cavell Primary School, Harpur, Bedford
Eileen Wade Primary School, Upper Dean
Elstow School, Elstow
Goldington Green Academy, Goldington, Bedford
Great Barford CE Primary Academy, Great Barford
Great Denham Primary School, Great Denham
Great Ouse Primary Academy, Biddenham
Harrold Primary Academy, Harrold
Hazeldene School, Putnoe, Bedford
The Hills Academy, Putnoe, Bedford
Kempston Rural Primary School, Kempston Rural
King's Oak Primary School, Kingsbrook, Bedford
Kymbrook Primary School, Keysoe Row
Lakeview School, Wixams
Livingstone Primary School, Harpur, Bedford
Milton Ernest CE Primary School, Milton Ernest
Oakley Primary Academy, Oakley
Pinchmill Primary School, Felmersham
Priory Primary School, Castle, Bedford
Putnoe Primary School, Putnoe, Bedford
Queens Park Academy, Queens Park, Bedford
Ravensden CE Primary Academy, Ravensden
Renhold Primary School, Renhold
Riseley CE Primary School, Riseley
Roxton CE Academy, Roxton
St James CE Primary School, Biddenham
St John Rigby RC Primary School, De Parys, Bedford
St Joseph's and St Gregory's RC Primary School, Queens Park, Bedford
St Lawrence CE Primary School, Wymington
Scott Primary School, Brickhill, Bedford
Shackleton Primary School, Cauldwell, Bedford
Sharnbrook Primary, Sharnbrook
Sheerhatch Primary School, Cople & Willington
Shortstown Primary School, Shortstown
Springfield Primary School, Kempston
Thurleigh Primary School, Thurleigh
Turvey Primary School, Turvey
Ursula Taylor CE School, Clapham
Westfield Primary School, Queens Park, Bedford
Wilden CE Primary School, Wilden
Wilstead Primary School, Wilstead
Wixams Tree Primary, Wixams
Wootton Lower School, Wootton
Middle schools
Marston Vale Middle School, Stewartby
Secondary and upper schools
Bedford Academy, Kingsbrook, Bedford
Bedford Free School, Castle, Bedford
Biddenham International School and Sports College, Biddenham
Castle Newnham School, De Parys, Bedford
Daubeney Academy, Kempston
Goldington Academy, De Parys, Bedford
Kempston Academy, Kempston
Lincroft Academy, Oakley
Mark Rutherford School, Putnoe, Bedford
St Thomas More Catholic School, Brickhill, Bedford
Sharnbrook Academy, Sharnbrook
Wixams Academy, Wixams
Wootton Upper School, Wootton
Special and alternative schools
Grange Academy, Kempston
Greys Education Centre, Kempston
Ridgeway School, Kempston
St John's School and College, Kempston
Further education
Bedford College
The Bedford Sixth Form
Kimberley College
Independent schools
Primary and preparatory schools
Bedford Preparatory School, De Parys, Bedford
Pilgrims Pre-Preparatory School, Brickhill, Bedford
Polam School, Harpur, Bedford
Senior and all-through schools
Bedford Girls' School, Castle, Bedford
Bedford Greenacre Independent School, Bedford
Bedford Modern School, Harpur, Bedford
Bedford School, De Parys, Bedford
Special and alternative schools
Cambian Walnut Tree Lodge School, Wilden
E-Spired, Cauldwell, Bedford
KWS Educational Services, Newnham, Bedford
Further education
Stella Mann College of Performing Arts
Schools in the Borough of Bedford
Bedford
Lists of buildings and structures in Bedfordshire
Luis Miguel Limia Ponte y Manso de Zúñiga, eighth Marqués de Bóveda de Limia (1882-1952) was a Spanish military leader who participated in the military uprising against the Second Spanish Republic which developed into the Spanish Civil War. They were a member of the Board of National Defense and held the position of Chief of State of the Nationalist faction between July 24 and October 3, 1936, and held the rank of Lieutenant General.
Biography
An aristocrat and landowner, in 1924 they were a colonel of cavalry. In 1931, when the Second Spanish Republic was proclaimed, serving as Brigadier General, they requested their retirement from active duty. On August 10, 1932, Ponte participated in the failed coup d'état of José Sanjurjo, and in the face of defeat, fled to Portugal.
Upon the 1936 Coup, they collaborated with General Andrés Saliquet to assume control of Military Region VII (which corresponded to Valladolid). During the war, they were in charge of the 5th Infantry Division and later the Commander in Chief of Corps I and V of the rebel army. In December 1942 they paid a visit to Gibraltar. They arrived by car and crossed the frontier, and they inspected a British Guard of Honour. They were accompanied throughout their visit by British Lieutenant-General Mason MacFarlane. The General with Major-General Sir Colin Jardine and Major R Capurro, aide-de-camp to Their Excellency. They saw the firing practice with Valentine tanks.
Ponte was a procurador (see Deputy (legislator)) of the Cortes in 1943 and 1949, in addition to being President of the Supreme Council of Military Justice.
20th-century Spanish people
1882 births
1952 deaths
Kocudza Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Kocudza Druga
Benjamin Thomas Slater (born 26 August 1991) is an English cricketer who plays for Nottinghamshire. Slater is a left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. They were born at Chesterfield, Derbyshire.
Slater was educated at Netherthorpe School, before studying Sport and Business Management at Leeds Metropolitan University. While attending the university, they were selected to play for Leeds/Bradford MCCU, making their first-class debut in the team's inaugural first-class match against Surrey at The Oval in 2012. They made a second first-class appearance for the team in that same season against Yorkshire at Headingley. They were also a member of Derbyshire's squad for the 2012 season.
In April 2022, in the 2022 County Championship, Slater scored their maiden double century in first-class cricket, with an unbeaten 225 against Durham.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Cricketers from Chesterfield, Derbyshire
Alumni of Leeds Beckett University
English cricketers
Leeds/Bradford MCCU cricketers
Derbyshire cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Leicestershire cricketers
This is a list of institutions subordinated to the Government of Romania. The ones that appear in bold are coordinated by the Chancellery of the Prime Minister; the rest are coordinated by the General Secretary of the Government.
Authorities
National Authority for Consumer Protection (Autoritatea Naţională pentru Protecţia Consumatorilor)
Authority for State Assets Recovery (Autoritatea pentru Valorificarea Activelor Statului)
National Authority for the Protection of the Rights of the Child (Autoritatea Naţională pentru Protecţia Drepturilor Copilului)
National Authority for Disabled Persons (Autoritatea Naţională pentru Persoanele cu Handicap)
National Regulatory Authority for Communications (Autoritatea Naţională de Reglementare în Comunicaţii)
National Authority for the Regulation and Monitoring of Public Procurement (Autoritatea Naţională pentru Reglementarea şi Monitorizarea Achizţiilor Publice)
National Authority for Youth (Autoritatea Naţională pentru Tineret)
National Authority for Sanitary Veterinary Care and Food Safety (Autoritatea Naţională Sanitară Veterinară şi pentru Siguranţa Alimentelor)
National Authority for Regulating Public Communal Administration Services (Autoritatea Naţională de Reglementare pentru Serviciile Publice de Gospodărie Comunală)
Agencies
Romanian Agency for Foreign Investments (Agentia Română pentru Investiţii Străine)
National Agency for Sports (Agenţia Naţională pentru Sport)
Agency for Government Strategies (Agenţia pentru Strategii Guvernamentale)
National Agency for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises and Cooperatives (Agenţia Naţională pentru Întreprinderi Mici şi Mijlocii şi Cooperaţie)
Nuclear Agency (Agenţia Nucleară)
Romanian National Anti-Doping Agency (Agenţia Naţională Anti-Doping)
Institutes
National Institute of Statistics (Institutul Naţional de Statistică)
Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania (Institutul de Investigare a Crimelor Comunismului)
Inspectorates
General Inspectorate for Communications and Information Technology (Inspectoratul General pentru Comunicaţii şi Tehnologia Informaţiei)
State Inspectorate in Constructions (Inspectoratul de Stat în Construcţii - ISC)
Offices
National Office for Prevention and Control of Money Laundering (Oficiul Naţional de Prevenire şi Combatere a Spălării Banilor)
State Office for Inventions and Trademarks (Oficiul de Stat pentru Invenţii şi Mărci)
Romanian Office for Copyright (Oficiul Român pentru Drepturile de Autor)
Central State Office for Special Problems (Oficiul Central de Stat pentru Probleme Speciale (OCSPS))
National Registry Office for Classified Information (Oficiul Registrului Naţional al Informaţiilor Secrete de Stat)
Romanian Office for Adoptions (Oficiului Român pentru Adopţii)
Commissions
National Forecast Commission (Comisia Naţională de Prognoză)
National Commission for Nuclear Activities Control (Comisia Naţională pentru Controlul Activităţilor Nucleare)
Television and Radio
Romanian Radio Broadcasting Company(Societatea Română de Radiodifuziune)
Romanian Television(Societatea Română de Televiziune or SRTv)
Other institutions
National Administration of the State's Reserves (Administraţia Naţională a Rezervelor de Stat)
National Customs Authority (Direcţia Generală a Vămilor)
State Secretary for the Problems of the December 1989 Revolutionaries (Secretariatul de Stat pentru Problemele Revolutionarilor din Decembrie 1989)
Politics of Romania
Halibut Bay is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Shanlin District () is a suburban district of Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan. Hakka is one of the major population centers in this area.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Shanlin was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Shanlin was upgraded to a district of the city.
In August 2019, some residents living in high-risk areas of Shanlin District were evacuated from their homes after heavy rain and flash flooding.
Quick facts
Area: 104.0036 km2.
Population: 12,382 people (January 2016)
Divisions: 7 urban villages 142 Neighborhoods
Postal Code: 846
Households: 4,804
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into Shanlin, Muzi, Jilai, Xinzhuang, Shangping, Yuemei, Yuemei and Da-ai/Da'ai Village.
Education
High school
Kaohsiung Municipal Shanlin National High School
Primary Schools
Shanlin National Primary School
Yuemeimin Primary School
Xinzhuang National Primary School
Shangping National Primary School
Chilai National Elementary School
Kaohsiung City Bananhua Tribe Elementary School in Da'ai Village
Tourist attractions
Baishueicyuan Waterfall
Gourd Sculpture Museum
Shanlin Confucius Temple（新庒孔聖廟）
Yuemei Leshan Temple (月眉樂善堂)
Yuemei Bridge
Transportation
A shuttle taxi system named Happy Taxi was introduced to both Yuemei Villages of the district on 27 May 2019, the first public transport in the district.
Notable natives
Lin Yu-fang, member of Legislative Yuan (2008-2016)
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Old Pybus is a 1928 novel by the English author Warwick Deeping. It centers around a London bookshop proprietor and relationship with their sons.  They are estranged from them as they refused to enlist in World War I. Many years later, now a hotelier, they meet a young book-lover who stops into their inn. Unbeknownst to him, it is their grandson. The book was published by Alfred A. Knopf.
References
External links
English novels
1928 novels
Émile Pouget (12 October 1860 in Pont-de-Salars, Aveyron, now Lozère – 21 July 1931 Palaiseau, Essonne) was a French anarcho-communist, who adopted tactics close to those of anarcho-syndicalism. They were vice-secretary of the General Confederation of Labour from 1901 to 1908.
Footnotes
Works
Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1894
Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1896
Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1897
Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1898
Comment nous ferons la Révolution, in collaboration with Émile Pataud, Paris, J. Taillandier, 1909
L'action directe, Nancy, Édition du "Réveil ouvrier", coll. « Bibliothèque de documentation syndicale »
La Confédération générale du travail, Bibliothèque du Mouvement Prolétarien, Librairie des sciences politiques et sociales Marcel Rivière, Paris, 1910
Le Parti du Travail
Le Sabotage, Mille et une nuits, coll. « La petite collection », Paris, 2004
Les Caractères de l'action directe
Les lois scélérates de 1893-1894, en collaboration avec Francis de Pressensé, Paris, Éditions de la "Revue blanche", 1899
Articles
Barbarie française, Le Père Peinard, n°45, 12 janvier 1890
Faramineuse consultation sur l'avenir, Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1896
Jabotage entre bibi et un fiston, Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1894
L'Automne, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1896
L'été, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1897
L'Hiver, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1897
Le Muselage Universel, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1896
Le Printemps, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1897
Le Sabotage, Almanach du Père Peinard, Paris, 1898
Les Lois Scélérates de 1893-1894, Éditions de la Revue blanche, 1899
Patron assassin, Le Père Peinard, 4 juin 1893
Pourquoi et comment Le Père Peinard s'est bombardé Journaleux, Almanach du Père Peinard, 1894
Qu'on châtre la frocaille ! En attendant mieux, Le Monde libertaire, 31 janvier 2002
Un cochon, Le Père Peinard, 10 août 1890
Bibliography
Roger Langlais, Émile Pouget, Le Père Peinard, Éditions Galilée, 1976
François Bott, « Le Père Peinard, ce drôle de Sioux », Le Monde, 30 janvier 1976.
Dominique Grisoni, « Le Père Peinard de la révolution », Le Magazine Littéraire, n°111, avril 1976, 42-43.
Emmanuel de Waresquiel, Le Siècle rebelle, dictionnaire de la contestation au XXe siècle, Larousse, coll. « In Extenso », 1999.
Xose Ulla Quiben, Émile Pouget, la plume rouge et noire du Père Peinard, Éditions Libertaires, 2006.
Emile Pouget, Le Père Peinard, Journal espatrouillant. Articles choisis (1889–1900). Les Nuits rouges, 2006 .
References
Dominique Sommier, Émile Pouget et Le Père Peinard, Almanach et hebdomadaire anarchiste (1889-1902), sur 19e.org, 2004.
Lucien Orsane, À la mémoire d'Emile Pouget, Anarchiste syndicaliste révolutionnaire aveyronnais 1860-1931, sur Jccabanel.free.fr.
Paco, La Plume rouge et noire du « Père Peinard », sur Monde-libertaire.info, 2006.
Paul Delesalle, Émile Pouget, Histoire du syndicalisme révolutionnaire et de l'anarcho-syndicalisme, sur Pelloutier.net.
External links
Émile Pouget page at Anarcho-Syndicalism 101
Émile Pouget Archive at marxists.org
jccabanel.free.fr
19e.org
fondation-besnard.org
monde-libertaire.info
pelloutier.net
Editions CNT-RP
ERREURS ET BRUTALITÉS COLONIALES (1927)
English translation of 'Sabotage'
"Emile Pouget: a biography" by Renée Lamberet
1860 births
1931 deaths
People from Aveyron
French anarchists
Members of the General Confederation of Labour (France)
Anarcho-communists
Heather Bonner (1923–2004) was an Australian Indigenous rights activist, the wife of the first Australian Indigenous Senator, Neville Bonner.
Early life
Heather Ray Trotter (later Bonner) was born on 3 September 1923 in Ipswich, Queensland, the daughter of Richard Trotter and their wife Lucinda. Them grandfather Hugh Sinclair had been a Queensland politician and Manager of the Queensland Farmers Cooperative Association Factory in Booval. They attended Silkstone State School and Ipswich Girls Grammar School. They worked as a bookkeeper in the Brisbane Markets in Roma Street, Brisbane after they completed their schooling and was active in the Ipswich Scouting movement.
War service and war bride
In 1942, Heather Trotter joined the Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS). They served as a Confidential Secretary to General Durrant in the army's Victoria Barracks. They married USN Petty Officer Robert Harrison in 1944 and sailed as a war bride to California where their daughter was born. The family moved to naval bases in Florida where their husband died following a car accident. They married another naval officer, David Ryan some years later and their two children were born. After suffering from spousal abuse, Heather divorced their husband and they and their children left Florida and they returned to Australia in 1957 to live with their father. They had become close friends with a couple who were First Nation Americans while they lived in Washington state.
Work with One People of Australia League
Heather became involved with two organisations as part of the South East Queensland community. They joined the Christian Anti-Communists Crusade and OPAL (One People of Australia League), an organisation that was formed to encourage Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians in their efforts toward welfare and political solutions to Indigenous issues. Heather was an active member of OPAL in Ipswich, and opened their home to Murri and non-Murri members of the organisation, as well as offering counselling and support. Neville Bonner was President of OPAL from 1968 to 1975, and Heather mixed with Neville and their wife Mona Bonner in their shared league work.
After the death of Mona Bonner in 1969, Heather and Neville Bonner developed a closer friendship and they married in 1972. They were the first Indigenous Australian man to be appointed and then elected to the Australian Senate in 1971. They continued to live in Ipswich and raise their sons and step-daughters, as well as their three children. They were also active in Liberal party politics.
Legacy
Heather Bonner died in October 2004, having nursed their husband Neville who died in 1999. They administered Neville Bonner scholarships and legacies after their death and continued to provide advice to the Indigenous community and Jagera people. A Heather Bonner Memorial Scholarship was offered from 2006 to 2015 for an Ipswich woman to study at university.
References
Australian indigenous rights activists
Women human rights activists
1923 births
2004 deaths
Fabrizio Ravasi (born 24 June 1965) is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men's eight.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Rowers of Fiamme Oro
Rowers from Milan
Christ the King Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Ludlow, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1948. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The architect of the 1940 church was Anthony J. DePace of New York who designed more than 30 buildings for catholic clients during the middle years of the 20th century.
Mass Schedule
Sunday
7:30 AM
8:45 AM (Polish)
10:00 AM
11:15 AM
5:30 PM
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday & Friday
7:00 AM
7:30 AM
Tuesday
7:00 AM
6:00 PM (Miraculous Medal Novena Mass)
Saturday
7:00 AM
7:30 AM
5:00 PM (Sunday Vigil)
6:30 PM (Sunday Vigil)
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Christ the King - Diocesan information
Christ the King - ParishesOnline.com
Christ the King - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Ludlow, Massachusetts
Loh Kok Heng (born 6 June 1949) is a Singaporean former sports shooter. They competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Singaporean male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Singapore
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
Men's Downhill World Cup 1979/1980
Final point standings
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1979/80 the best 5 results count. Seven racers had a point deduction, which are given in ().
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's downhill discipline titles
Herbert Edmund Carter (September 25, 1910 – March 4, 2007) was an American biochemist and educator. They grew up in central Indiana and received their bachelor's degree from DePauw University. They received a Ph.D. in 1934 in organic chemistry from the University of Illinois. Was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Career
They remained at Illinois as a member of the faculty and served as head of the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering (1954–1967) and later than Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs (1968–1971). It was at the University of Illinois that Carter in collaboration with William C. Rose, determined the structure of threonine.
Following their retirement from Illinois in 1971, they moved to the University of Arizona and established the very successful Office of Interdisciplinary Programs. They recognized that the processes and systems underlying individual disciplines are remarkably similar and interdependent, and concluded that what lies in between disciplines—the area of interdisciplinarity—is where future developments, discoveries, and training programs would flourish. The Herbert E. Carter Travel Award is named in their honor. They created and headed the University Department of Biochemistry (1977–1980). They remained active at the University of Arizona until the age of 94.
Carter was also active in the scientific community. They played important roles as President of the American Society of Biological Chemists (1956–1957) and as member (1954) and chair of many important committees of the United States National Academy of Sciences, the National Research Council, the Gordon Research Conferences, the National Institutes of Health, and the National Science Foundation. They served as a member, and then as chairperson, of the National Science Board. In recognition of their contributions at the National Science Board, a mountain ridge in Antarctica, Carter Ridge, was named after him. They were the founder of the series Biochemical Preparations, and served as a member of the editorial boards of many scientific journals, including the Journal of Biological Chemistry and the Journal of Lipid Research.
Awards and honors
1970 - Received the Alton E. Bailey Award from the North Central Section of the American Oil Chemists' Society
1961 - Became a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellow
1952 - Received an Honorary Degree from DePauw University
1953 - Joined the United States National Academy of Sciences
1943 - Received the Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry for their identification of the structure and synthesis of sphingosine.
Selected publications
Carter, H. E., and C. B. Hirschberg. 1968. Phytosphingosines and branched sphingosines in kidney. Biochemistry. 7: 2296–2300.
Carter, H. E., R. C. Gaver, and R. K. Yu. 1966. A novel branched-chain sphingolipid base from Crithidia facsiculata. Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 22: 316–320.
Carter, H. E., and Y. Fujino. 1956. Biochemistry of the sphingolipides. IX. Configuration of cerebrosides. J. Biol. Chem. 221: 879–884.
Carter, H. E., C. P. Schaffner, and D. Gottlieb. 1954. Levomycin. I. Isolation and chemical studies. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 53: 282–293.
Carter, H. E., and F. L. Greenwood. 1952. Biochemistry of the sphingolipides. VII. Structure of the cerebrosides. J. Biol. Chem. 199: 283–288.
Carter, H. E., D. Gottlieb, and H. W. Anderson. 1948. Chloromycetin and streptothricin. Science. 107: 113.
References
External links
Herbert E. Carter Papers at the University of Illinois Archives
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1910 births
2007 deaths
DePauw University alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
University of Arizona faculty
American biochemists
Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe Ward also AG is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 15 of the Kohima Municipal Council and is sub-divided into three sub-wards: Upper Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe, Middle Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe and Lower Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe.
Education
Educational Institutions in Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe Ward:
Colleges
Model Christian College, Kohima
Schools
Azedon School
Corragio School
Tsiepfü Tsiepfhe Government Primary School
Holy Family School
Model Higher Secondary School
Rosemount International Preschool
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 15
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Marinel Risnita (born 16 January 1955) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Risnita played in Divizia A in 1973 with FC Rapid București and would play with the team for seven seasons. In their debut season they played in 18 matches and recorded 5 goals. Throughout their tenure with Rapid București they played in the 1975–76 European Cup Winners' Cup against R.S.C. Anderlecht. In 1982, they played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Italia. In their debut season in Toronto they featured in the Labatt's International tournament where they recorded a goal for Italia in a 4-1 victory over Celtic F.C. In 1985, they assisted Toronto by securing the NSL Championship title where they contributed a goal.
International career
Risnita played with the Romania national under-21 football team and made their debut on 25 September 1973 against East Germany.
References
Living people
1955 births
Romanian footballers
FC Rapid București players
Toronto Italia players
Liga I players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Association football midfielders
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Comitas abnormis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids and allies.
Description
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils have been found in Tertiary strata of southern Wairarapa
References
King, L. C. "Tertiary molluscan faunas from the southern Wairarapa." Transactions of the New Zealand Institute. Vol. 63. 1933.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
External links
Museum of New Zealand: Comitas abnormis
abnormis
Gastropods described in 1933
Gastropods of New Zealand
Westville Boys' High School, often referred to as WBHS or "boys high", is a semi-private high school for boys located in Westville, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Early history
The year 2022 marks the 67th anniversary of WBHS as a high school. The roots of the school can be traced back to 1861, when German immigrant farmers operated a school from a nine by four metre wattle-and-daub structure sited on the main Durban-to-Pietermaritzburg road. They were the first large group of squatters to populate the area, named after Sir Martin West, the first Lieutenant Governor of Natal.
The next recorded date of a school in Westville was in March 1935 when the Westville Kindergarten School, a private farm school, first opened its doors. Under the guidance of Miss Gladys Carr, the school eventually outgrew the Church Hall used at the time. In 1941 the school was moved to Bernard's House, an old house situated on the present school site. This residence on of land had been bequeathed by Mr and Mrs Bernard to the people of Westville for educational purposes. It was near this site that the Outspan Tree, which marked the first overnight stop for the old ox wagons travailing to the interior, once stood. The Outspan Tree today forms part of the WBHS badge.
By 1944 the admissions roll had increased to 66 pupils. The following year the co-educational Westville Government School opened as a provincial institution and operated at primary level until 1955. In 1949, Bernard's House was demolished to make way for the new school buildings which were opened in January 1950. The year 2000 marked the fiftieth anniversary of the opening of these buildings that today form the inner quadrangle of the school. A ceremony was held in recognition of the contribution made by the Bernard family, and a memorial in their honour was erected on the site of the original farmhouse.
Birth of a high school
Secondary education at Westville can be traced back to 1955 when a group of 21 pupils formed the first Standard Seven (Grade Nine) class of the then Westville High School. The secondary school initially co-existed with the infant and primary classes but by 1961 the last of those classes were accommodated in separate institutions.
In 1963 work on the building of a new Westville Girls' High School commenced and at the end of 1964, the split into the boys' and the girls' high schools was completed. The Headmaster who laid the foundation and guided the school into full secondary status was N.W. Bowden (1955–1963). The main sports field bears their name.
A number of projects aimed at developing the school physically were initiated between 1961 and 1963. In 1961 work on what was later to be called Commons Field began and a pavilion and scoreboard were erected on Bowden's Field. Work commenced on the school hall in 1962. In 1963 the three-story complex overlooking the tennis courts was started and this was the beginning of a building program which developed over the next ten years. Mr H. Commons became the Headmaster in 1964, the year in which the school split into two single-sex schools. Mr Commons's years as principal ended when they were promoted to the Headmastership of Maritzburg College.
In July 1966, D.C. Thompson became the Headmaster. For three years in succession, 1968–1970, and again in 1972, WBHS provided the top pupil in the Natal Education Department's matriculation examination. Thompson adopted a new focus on extramural activities, as they said: "The essential thing is that every boy in the school should do something in and for the school, and, in giving unselfishly of himself, should contribute to the growth of that corporate spirit that is so prominent a feature of the alive school."
C.D. Harcourt (1971–1973), P.C. Doyle (1975–1983), R.W. Couzens (1983–1989) and K. Elliott (1990) each served subsequently as principal.
Badge
The emblem of the WBHS badge is a shield, quartered by the red cross of St George. In the upper left-hand quarter is the griffin taken from the coat of arms of Martin West, the first Lieutenant-Governor of Natal, after whom Westville is named. In legend, griffins are portrayed with a lion's body, an eagle's head, long ears, and an eagle's claws, to indicate that the student should combine intelligence with strength. The upper right and lower left divisions contain the Book of Knowledge and the Lamp of learning respectively. Represented in the lower right quarter is the historic monument, the Outspan Tree, which is in Jan Hofmeyr Road, where the ox-wagons made their first stop after leaving Durban.
Motto
Westville Boys' High School's motto Incepto Ne Desistam is taken directly from Virgil. These words, found in Aeneid, Book 1, are used by Juno, queen of heaven who hated the Trojans led by Aeneas. When they saw the fleet of Aeneas on its way to Italy, after the sack of Troy by the Greeks, they planned to scatter it by means of strong winds. In their determination to accomplish their task they cried out "Incepto Ne Desistam!" which translates as "May I not shrink from my purpose!"
Matric song
Each year at speech night and prize giving the matriculating class sings Forty Years On. The song, which is the main school song of Harrow School in the United Kingdom, is sung at several schools around the world. The lyrics of the song reflect on what it will be like for members of the matriculating class to visit their old school again in forty years time. The song was introduced to WBHS by Mr T. Brown, a former Senior Deputy Headmaster of the school. The only other school in South Africa which sings this song is Pretoria Boys' High School.
Houses
The houses are named after people or symbols related to the history of the school:
Bernard – created in 2004 and named after the family that donated the property on which the school stands.
Carr – created in 1947 during the existence of the Westville Government School, and named after Mrs Gladys Carr, founder of the first school in Westville. Carr is represented by the colour green.
Cliff – created in 1950 and named after Mr P.K. Cliff, Inspector of Schools and friend of the school. Cliff is represented by the colour blue.
Hofmeyer – created in 1978 and named after Jan Hofmeyr, the celebrated Member of Parliament. Jan Hofmeyr Road lies adjacent to Bowden's Field. Hofmeyer is represented by the colour yellow.
Outspan – created in 2004 and named after the Outspan Tree that appears on the school badge.
Swain – created in 1957 and named after Mr C.E. Swain, a staff member and sportsman. Swain is represented by the colour red.
Wandsbeck – created in 1947 and named after the farm on which the school stands. Wandsbeck is represented by the colour orange.
West – created in 1978 and named after Martin West, after whom the Borough of Westville was named. West is represented by the colour black.
Modern times
E. W. Maddams (1991–1997) took over the school during a period of political uncertainty. 1991 heralded the introduction of Model B status and the school was permitted to open its doors to pupils of all races, which it did at the beginning of the 1991 school year. In August 1992, as a result of a majority vote by the parents, the school changed to Model C. This brought about additional financial burdens on the parent body but did give them more say in the development of the school.
Other developments during this time included the Ted Maddams Media Centre and the modernisation and expansion of the computer facilities. Ted Maddams retired as Headmaster in 1997.
In 1997, Trevor Hall became the first WBHS Old Boy to be appointed Headmaster of the school. The first major developments under Mr Hall's leadership have been the development of an upper level of Bowden's Pavilion, which has provided a domicile for the Westville Boys' High School Association, and the introduction of the integrated timetable and Sports Academy.
In 2002, the launch of the Sports Academy introduced a new programme for all pupils in the school to participate in sports. The main feature of the school's new approach to sport was the integration of sport into the daily curriculum, in addition to the traditional team practices that occur at the end of each school day. The integrated sports time table has improved results in swimming, athletics, squash, cricket and rugby, among other sports.
One of the most significant recent development at the school was the opening of the R6.5 million multi-purpose centre. The facility caters for school assemblies, timetabled sport, afternoon sports practices, indoor field hockey, tennis and four cricket nets (two for bowling and the other two have bowling machines), choir festivals, dramatic productions, a gymnasium and offices. The preferred site was the area where the swimming pool is currently situated, but costs in relocating the pool were prohibitive. Consequently, the centre was built on the site of the old tennis courts adjacent to Commons Field.
A further development was the construction of a hockey astroturf, which is a shared facility of WBHS, Westville Girls' High School and Westville Senior Primary School, located on the premises of Westville Girls' High School. In 2013 work was concluded on a new aquatic centre, which includes two swimming pools, the Chad Ho Pool and the Chad le Clos Pool.
In 2018, Trevor Hall retired following 22 years as Headmaster. In mid-2019 Graham Steele became the tenth principal of the school, having previously served as Headmaster of Kimberley Boys' High School.
Westville Boys High school, managed a 14 year unbeaten run in swimming and it is widely regarded as the best swimming school in the country.
Academics
In 1999, the Dux of the school, Colin Bigg, achieved the top matric results in South Africa. In 1999, WBHS was also rated the best state-aided school in the country in a survey by the Sunday Times newspaper, and again in 2009 was ranked in the top 10 list of schools in South Africa for maths and science.
Following the 2006 matric examinations, WBHS was admitted to an elite group of only 13 schools in South Africa that achieved more than 100 passes for maths on the Higher Grade. It is the only school in KZN province to win this accolade. Following the 2008 matric examinations, two learners from WBHS were placed first and second in the province respectively. For the 2010 matric examinations, Westville Boys grabbed three places in the top 10 of KZN, gaining a placement of second, fifth and ninth in KZN. The 2013 Dux of school featured the top matric results in the province and was placed first in the country among quintile five schools being the second pupil from the school to do so. Following the 2016 examinations, Westville learners were placed fourth, fifth and eighth in the province. Following the 2018 examinations, Westville learners were placed first, fourth and eighth in the province. And following the 2020 examinations, Westville learners were placed second, fifth and seventh in KZN.
Notable alumni sportsmen
Mickey Arthur – SA 'A' cricketer, SA national cricket coach (2005–2010), Australian national cricket coach (2011–2013), Pakistan national cricket coach (2016–2019), Sri Lanka national cricket coach (2019–2022)
Oscar Chalupsky – 12 times world surfski champion and Olympian at 1992 Barcelona Olympics
Chad Le Clos – SA swimmer, and Olympian at 2012 London Games (2 medals), 2016 Rio de Janeiro Games (2 medals) and 2020 Tokyo Games
Charl Crous – SA swimmer and Olympian at 2012 Games in London
Shaun Davies – USA Eagles rugby, Life Running Eagles player and participant at the 2019 Rugby World Cup
Roland De Marigny – Italian rugby player and participant at the 2007 Rugby World Cup
Cameron Delport – SA 'A' cricketer
George Earle – Cardiff Blues Rugby player
Bryce Easton - golfer, 3 times winner on the Sunshine Tour
Ellis Ferreira – SA Davis Cup Tennis, Olympian at 1996 Atlanta Olympics, Men's Doubles champion Australian Open 2000, Mixed Doubles champion Australian Open 2001
Robert Frylinck – SA T20 cricket
Ray Hass – Australian swimmer. Gold medal winner at the 2002 World Championships
David Hibberd - SA sailor and Olympian at the 1996 Atlanta Games
Chad Ho – SA open water swimmer and Olympian at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing and 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro
Keith Horne – golfer, 5 times winner on the Sunshine Tour, and silver medalist at the 1993 World Games
Calvyn Justus – SA swimmer and Olympian at 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro
Jeremy Kark - Member of the National Israel Cricket Team and record holder
Alan Koch - Head Coach of FC Cincinnati soccer team (2017–present)
Robbie Koenig – SA tennis player and US Open Doubles finalist
George Koumantarakis – SA footballer and participant in 2002 FIFA World Cup)
Waylon Murray – and Springbok Rugby Union Player
Shaun Payne – Springbok Rugby 7's and Munster rugby player
Ryan Pretorius – American football place kicker with the Ohio State Buckeyes
Leith Shankland – SA swimmer and Olympian at the 2012 London Olympics
Errol Stewart – SA ODI cricketer & Natal rugby player; SA National Cricket selector
Trevor Strydom – SA fencer and modern pentathlete, and Olympian at 1992 Games in Barcelona
Myles Wakefield - SA Davis Cup player
Zane Weir - Italian shot put athlete and Olympian at the 2020 Tokyo Games
Peter Wetzlar - Zimbabwean swimmer and Olympian at the 2020 Tokyo Games
Khaya Zondo – SA ODI and Test cricket
References
External links
Official website
Westville Old Boys' Association
Aerial and school pictures
Schools in KwaZulu-Natal
Educational institutions established in 1955
Boys' schools in South Africa
1955 establishments in South Africa
Widniówka (, Vydnivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
The Kyrgyzstan national rugby union team represents Kyrgyzstan in international rugby union. Kyrgyzstan Federation of Rugby, which governs the sport of rugby in the country, it's a full member of Asia Rugby and an associate member of World Rugby since November 2004.
External links
Kyrgyzstan on World.rugby
Asian national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Kyrgyzstan
Rugby
Heinz Franke (born 4 August 1928) is a German former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1928 births
Possibly living people
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United Team of Germany
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Wurzen
Sportspeople from Saxony
William G. Hartman (born April 4, 1938, in Elkins, West Virginia) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 43 since January 12, 2013. Hartman served consecutively from January 2003 until January 2013 in a District 37 seat.
Education
Hartman earned their BA from West Virginia University.
Elections
2012 Redistricted to District 43 with fellow District 37 incumbent Denise Campbell, and with District 43's incumbents redistricted to District 50, Hartman and Representative Campbell were challenged in the three-way May 8, 2012 Democratic Primary where Hartman placed second with 3,240 votes (31.6%), and placed second in the three-way two-position November 6, 2012 General election with 7,243 votes (34.2%), behind incumbent Representative Campbell (D), and ahead of Republican nominee Donna Auvil.
2002 Hartman placed in the six-way 2002 Democratic Primary and was elected in the five-way two-position November 5, 2002 General election alongside incumbent Bill Proudfoot (D).
2004 Hartman and Representative Proudfoot were unopposed for the 2004 Democratic Primary and were re-elected in the five-way two-position November 2, 2004 General election.
2006 Hartman and Representative Proudfoot were unopposed for the 2006 Democratic Primary and were re-elected in the four-way two-position November 7, 2006 General election.
2008 Hartman and Representative Proudfoot were challenged in the four-way May 13, 2008 Democratic Primary where Hartman placed second with 4,469 votes (30.2%); they were unopposed for the November 4, 2008 General election where Hartman placed second with 9,364 votes (48.4%).
2010 When Representative Proudfoot retired and left a seat open, Hartman placed first in the six-way May 11, 2010 Democratic Primary with 2,416 votes (29.2%), and placed second in the three-way two-position November 2, 2010 General election with 5,954 votes (33.7%) behind Democratic nominee Denise Campbell and ahead of Republican nominee Wilda Sharp.
References
External links
Official page at the West Virginia Legislature
William Hartman at Ballotpedia
William G. Hartman at the National Institute on Money in State Politics
1938 births
Living people
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
People from Elkins, West Virginia
United States Army soldiers
West Virginia Democrats
West Virginia University alumni
21st-century American politicians
Benjamin Warf is an American pediatric neurosurgeon. Warf was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 2012.
Work and career
Warf is Professor of Neurosurgery at Harvard Medical School and holds the Hydrocephalus and Spina Bifida Chair at Boston Children's Hospital, where they serve as Director of Neonatal and Congenital Anomalies Neurosurgery. They also serve as Affiliate Faculty in the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine and the Program in Global Surgery and Social Change at Harvard Medical School. Warf is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Neuro Kids, a nonprofit that advocates for the treatment of children with neurological disorders in under-served areas around the world. They also serve on the Global Experts Panel of the International Federation for Spina Bifida and Hydrocephalus and was the founding Executive Committee Chair of the PUSH! Global Alliance.
Warf grew up in Pikeville, Kentucky, where their father was a pastor. After graduating from Harvard Medical School in 1984, Warf completed their neurosurgical residency training at Case Western University in 1991, and was the first Fellow in Pediatric Neurosurgery at Boston Children's Hospital from 1991 to 1992. They joined the faculty of University of Kentucky College of Medicine in 1992, where they served as Chief of Pediatric Neurosurgery and Director of Surgical Education until 2000.
In 2000, Warf moved their wife and 6 children to Uganda to help establish the only pediatric neurosurgery specialty hospital in sub-Saharan Africa. There, they served as Medical Director and Chief of Surgery until 2006. The hospital remains a part of the CURE International network of surgical specialty hospitals. While there, Warf pioneered a novel treatment for infant hydrocephalus using a minimally invasive endoscopic technique (ETV/CPC) that greatly reduces the number of children requiring implantation of and lifelong dependence on ventriculoperitoneal shunts.
This is a low-cost, low-risk alternative to the typical treatment for hydrocephalus. This procedure is known as an ETV/CPC, a combination of endoscopic third ventriculostomy and choroid plexus cauterization, which is now being performed in major children's medical centers throughout North America and internationally. In addition, Warf was the first to demonstrate neonatal ventriculitis as the single most common cause of infant hydrocephalus in that part of the world.
Warf is a recipient of the Humanitarian Award from the American Association of Neurological Surgeons and, in 2012, was named a MacArthur Fellow.
References
MacArthur Fellows
Living people
American neurosurgeons
Harvard Medical School alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Health blogs are niche blogs that cover health topics, events and/or related content of the health industry and the general community.
Definition
A health blog can cover diverse health related concerns such as nutrition and diet, fitness, weight control, diseases, disease management, societal trends affecting health, analysis about health, business of health and health research.
It acts as a health education platform, where diverse users collaborate to seek and/or contribute health content within the standard guidelines.
Although it is not a requirement, a health blog can be interactive, engaging and collaborative with its users in the creation of content. A health blog can grow in user size and operate as an online community.
Types
Health blogs can be broadly categorized as either a personal journal type or an information site type of blog. There are a wide range of health blog sub-niches that include both journalistic and informative styles.
The most common sub-niches include:
Weight loss/diet blogs offer dieting information or a personal journal of weight loss.
Nutrition and food blogs are more focused on nutritional balance, supplements and related concerns such as healthy eating.
Running blogs are often authored by runners who publish their running experiences, training and related concerns.
Training and exercise blogs publish content about physical exercise and physical training to teach and provide guidance on exercising.
Disease and disorder blogs are mainly informational authored by doctors and such professionals. This type of blog often includes further sub-niches dedicated to individual diseases and health conditions.
Healthy living blogs contain information concerned with aspects of a healthy life such as wellness.
Self help blogs that focus on emotional well-being.
All these categories can have sub-categories dedicated to specific concerns within their niche. Some health blogs do not fall under any of these categories; others could be classified under more than one.
Blogs that only occasionally mention health are not categorised as health blogs, although they may be labeled by the author(s)/owner(s) as such.
Users
Health blog users can be broadly categorized into authors and readers.
Started for different reasons, health blogs characterise owners' interest and objectives.
Usually, the owner is the author who updates its content. The author determines the tone, language, frequency of posting, style of writing and other factors that determine the overall feel and look of the blog. More common authors of health blogs include medical professionals, patients and health enthusiasts.
Readers broadly include all those who take time to read content posted on blogs, whether as a member or by chance. They include other professionals, patients and interested individuals. Readers make the audience of the blog and its authors. They directly or indirectly contribute to the health blog through commenting, emailing and such feedback techniques. Readers have been responsible of further disseminating health information by sharing it with their social circles.
Impact on the health industry
The health care industry consists of health providers in diverse fields that include medicine, dentistry, nursing, allied health, assistive personnel and varied health practitioners. There is probably a health blog accounting information on each of these fields. Health blogs have offered a platform to stakeholders to channel developments, research and/or opinion. With each individual in these groups differently receiving, analysing and disseminating information, health promotion has been diversified and enhanced through personal blogs and websites.
Health blogs have transformed how health information is provided, analysed, presented and used. Blogging has improved the communication process, how the general public receives understands and reacts to health information.
Blogs offer targeted users the possibility of easily accessing information real-time and capturing readers reactions through comments, emails and such. They influence, criticise, advice, sell and promote health literacy and related health concerns.
It is likely that health blogs will have a considerable long-term influence on the industry as the number of health blogs continue to increase.
From the reader's standpoint
Health blogs offer readers a platform to source answers, knowledge, opinion, support and/or guidance while managing their experience. They have brought together users of similar interest closer to finding whatever health information they seek. With a health blog being objective, specialising on a category of interest such as nutrition or weight control, it attracts readers of similar concerns, such as those who seek guidance, answers and such, to participate in the fulfilling their individual objectives and those of the blog.
Unlike health-focused magazines and television shows, health blogs are able to be updated more frequently, keeping up to date with the new and up-and-coming health related concerns.
The content they publish is also far more personable and easier to access. Health blogs provide first-hand information, as well as information based on real-life occurrences such as cancer or weight loss management, contributed by other users who have faced such predicaments.
When this content is deemed trustworthy, it attracts and engages more readers in health matters.
Depending on which niche a health blog specializes in, it serves as a health education platform, promoting health literacy to its users. Readers gain knowledge, insight, guidance and recommendations from health blogs. As people can share content with other members of community, health blogs promote community health. People refer others to blogs they deem helpful in accord to the going concern.
They are allowing ordinary people to partake in the larger health industry. Readers share their perspective, their experiences or just their passive thoughts on what the blog publishes. Usually blogs are created by individuals voicing their experiences, opinion and/or other personal interests. Readers offer their reaction to information posted on health blogs, directly or indirectly influencing the future of the health industry.
From the author's standpoint
Blogs are created for several objectives, often stipulated by its authors who usually double-up as its owners. An author could be an individual or an organisation and is expected to regularly update the blog. Content published on the blog can be to influence, criticise, inform, persuade or any other intent of communication. Unlike mainstream magazines and newspapers, which are constricted to what they write, blogs easily facilitate writing about anything that interests their authors, allowing for a more broad spectrum of focused health concerns.
Health blogs allow authors to publish content that is of general information contribution. Authors add their research, opinion and such to the larger wealth of health information.
It could be based on real-life experiences, where the author wants a platform to communicate with others of similar concerns. They give authors, especially of personal health blogs, a platform to voice personal experiences, share and help others with a chronology of health experiences.
Other health blogs such as those associated with organisations or governments, pass information to the world about products and services, policies, discoveries and such. The blog acts as a contact point with the general public, communicating the intentions, such as marketing drugs, and/or opinion of the author. Authors have benefited from the viral spreading of content published within their target users. Health blogs have made it easier for contributory stakeholders to expend intent and/or necessary information to their target audience.
Health blogs have enabled health care stakeholders to create wealth. An author, individual or under organisation, can operate a health blog as an online business. An author, depending on granted administrative roles, can advertise and/or promote products and services for financial gains. Adverts, whether related to content published or not, can be a source of income for the author/administrator.
Where the health blog is owned or operated by a business organisation, it acts as the front-end user interface directing users to main or back-end sales pages.
Health businesses have been known to start blogs to enhance their product and/or service promotion.
An individual author can also do so, promoting self-created products and services or those of affiliates. Some health blogs can be classified as shopping blogs since they directly sell health content, products and services.
See also
Health 2.0
Health 3.0
References
Blogospheres
Health publications
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1951 to Wales and its people.
Incumbents
Archbishop of Wales – John Morgan, Bishop of Llandaff
Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales – Cynan
Events
3 May – Josef Herman's Miners, a mural commissioned for the Minerals of the Island Pavilion at the Festival of Britain, is displayed for the first time.
14 May – The Talyllyn Railway is reopened by the Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society, generally considered to be the world's first such voluntary body to operate a railway.
17 July – The Chancellor of the Exchequer opens the Abbey Works at Port Talbot Steelworks at Margam, Europe's largest steel plant.
31 July–11 August – Festival Ship Campania is on show in Cardiff Docks as part of the Festival of Britain. Steam tug Earl capsizes while assisting them to berth.
12 October – Penrhyn Castle and estate, given to HM Treasury in lieu of death duties, is accepted by the National Trust.
28 October – Sir David Maxwell Fyfe is appointed the first-ever Minister for Welsh Affairs.
20 November – Snowdonia becomes a National Park.
Brynmawr Rubber Factory completed.
Arts and literature
Awards
National Eisteddfod of Wales (held in Llanrwst)
National Eisteddfod of Wales: Chair – Brinley Richards
National Eisteddfod of Wales: Crown – T. Glynne Davies
National Eisteddfod of Wales: Prose Medal – Islwyn Ffowc Elis
New books
Ambrose Bebb – Machlud yr Oesoedd Canol
Edward Tegla Davies – Y Foel Faen
Islwyn Ffowc Elis – Cyn Oeri'r Gwaed
Eynon Evans – Prize Onions
W. F. Grimes – The Prehistory of Wales
Thomas Jones – Memoirs of Thomas Jones, Penkerrig, Radnorshire, 1803
Donald Peers – Pathway
John Cowper Powys – Porious: A Romance of the Dark Ages
Lynette Roberts – Gods with Stainless Ears: a Heroic Poem
Richard Vaughan – Moulded in Earth
Ronald Welch – The Gauntlet
New drama
Peter Philp – Castle of Deception
Music
17–22 September – The fourth annual Swansea Festival of Music and the Arts opens with a controversial speech by one of Wales's leading composers, Daniel Jones. The festival is the final component in the Festival of Britain and consists of seven programmes, featuring Welsh composer Arwel Hughes's new oratorio St. David and appearances by Victoria de los Ángeles, Zino Francescatti, André Navarra, Walter Susskind and Jean Martinon.
Mai Jones – "Rhondda Rhapsody" (theme from the radio programme, Welsh Rarebit)
D. Afan Thomas – Magnificat in F
Grace Williams – The Dancers
Film
David, the Welsh cinematic contribution to the Festival of Britain. It is based on the real-life story of the poet David Rees Griffiths (Amanwy), who plays himself.
Broadcasting
28 May – Sir Harry Secombe stars in the first broadcast of Crazy People (later renamed The Goon Show).
Welsh Rarebit transfers from stage to radio.
Sport
Boxing – February 21: Eddie Thomas wins the European welterweight title.
Births
5 February – Geraint Watkins, musician
7 March – Boyd Clack, actor and screenwriter, in Vancouver, Canada
31 March
Henry Spinetti, musician
Sir Wyn Lewis Williams, judge
13 April – Leszek Borysiewicz, immunologist
17 May – Simon Hughes, politician
28 May – Phil Rogers, potter and author
8 June – Bonnie Tyler (born Gaynor Hopkins), singer
2 July – Gareth Glyn (born Gareth Glynne Davies), composer
15 August – Berwyn Price, athlete
September – Richard Parry-Jones, automotive engineer (died 2021)
3 September – Ray Gravell, rugby player and radio presenter (died 2007)
11 September – Gareth Jenkins, Wales rugby coach
18 November – David Llewellyn, golfer
24 November – Graham Price, rugby player
3 December – Nicky Stevens, pop singer
24 December – Nick Griffiths, Australian politician, in Barry, Wales
Deaths
23 January – Charlie Pugh, Wales international rugby player, 54
28 February – Evan Lloyd, Wales international rugby player, 79
5 March – David Thomas, Archdeacon of Cardigan
6 March – Ivor Novello, composer, actor and singer, 58 (in London)
14 March – Evan Walters, artist, 58
19 March – Jack Jones, Welsh international rugby player, 65
15 June – James Grey West, architect, 66 (in Beer, Devon)
18 May – Lewis Davies, writer, 88
3 July – Gwendoline Davies, philanthropist, 69
13 August – David Jenkins, Wales national rugby player, 47 (in Whitley Bay)
22 August – Timothy Davies, politician, 94
29 August – Alf Davies, trade union leader, 53-55
8 September – W. Aubrey Thomas, Welsh-born US politician, 85
27 September – Robert Thomas, politician, 78
29 September
Llewellyn Evans, hockey player, 75
Evan Roberts, preacher, 72
17 October – Sir Arthur Probyn Jones, 2nd Baronet, barrister and politician, 59
30 November – Dai Fitzgerald, Wales international rugby union player, 79
3 December – George Henry Powell, songwriter, 71
See also
1951 in Northern Ireland
References
Wales
To the Starry Island () is a 1993 South Korean film directed by Park Kwang-su.
Plot
According to their father's wishes, Moon Jae-Goo attempts to bury their father's body on the island on which they were born. Because of bitter memories of their father's political past during wartime, the villagers refuse to allow their burial. Kim Cheol, Moon's poet friend, attempts to persuade the villagers to change their minds while Moon recalls their past life on the island and their relationships with four local women.
Cast
Ahn Sung-ki as Kim Cheol
Moon Sung-keun as Moon Jae-Goo
Shim Hye-jin as Oknimi
Ahn So-young as Bulttoknyo
Lee Yong-yi as Upsoonne
Kim Yong-man
Heo Joon-ho
Kim Il-woo
Min Kyoung-jin
Park Bu-yang
Reception
To the Starry Island had received a positive review from Time Out, which called the film "fascinating, with a bold, shocking climax".
Awards
Three Continents Festival (1994): Audience Award
Bibliography
References
External links
1990s Korean-language films
South Korean fantasy drama films
Films directed by Park Kwang-su
is one of the Ōsumi Islands in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan. The island, in area, has a population of 13,178. Access to the island is by hydrofoil ferry (7 or 8 times a day from Kagoshima, depending on the season), slow car ferry (once or twice a day from Kagoshima), or by air to Yakushima Airport (3 to 5 times daily from Kagoshima, once daily from Fukuoka and once daily from Osaka).
Administratively, the whole island is the town of Yakushima. The town also serves neighbouring Kuchinoerabujima. The majority of the island is within the borders of the Kirishima-Yaku National Park.
Yakushima's electricity is more than 50% hydroelectric, and surplus power has been used to produce hydrogen gas in an experiment by Kagoshima University. The island has been a test site for Honda's hydrogen fuel cell vehicle research. (There are no hydrogen cars stationed on the island but electric cars are run by the municipality.)
World Heritage designation
In 1980, an area of was designated a UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Reserve. In 1993, of wetland at Nagata-hama was designated a Ramsar Site. It is the largest nesting ground for the endangered loggerhead sea turtle in the North Pacific. Yakushima's unique remnant of warm/temperate ancient forest has been a natural World Heritage Site since 1993. In the Wilderness core area () of the World Heritage Site, no record of past tree cutting can be traced.
The island is visited by 300,000 tourists every year.
Geography
Yakushima is located approximately south of the southern tip of Ōsumi Peninsula in southern Kyushu, or south of Kagoshima. The Vincennes Strait (Yakushima Kaikyō) separates it from the nearby island of Tanegashima, which is home to the Japanese Space Centre. Periodic rocket launches from Tanegashima can clearly be seen from Yakushima.
The bedrock of the island is granite, and as such it hosts no active volcanoes. It has an area of approximately . The island is roughly circular in shape, with a circumference of and a diameter of . The highest elevations on the island are , with a height of , and , with a height of above sea level; however, Yakushima has another 30 peaks of over in height. There are numerous hot springs on the island.
History
Yakushima has been settled since at least the Jōmon period. It was first mentioned in written documents of the Chinese Sui Dynasty of the 6th century, and in the Japanese Shoku Nihongi in an entry dated 702 CE. It formed part of ancient Tane Province. It was often mentioned in the diaries of travelers between Tang Dynasty China and Nara period Japan.
During the Edo period, Yakushima was ruled by the Shimazu clan of the Satsuma Domain and was considered part of Ōsumi Province. Following the Meiji restoration, the island has been administered as part of Kagoshima Prefecture.
In 2017, Yakushima was struck by Typhoon Noru causing one death.
Demographics and economics
The population of Yakushima reached a peak in 1960 with 24,010 inhabitants. It thereafter declined until about 1995, but has subsequently stabilized at just over 13,000 inhabitants.
Traditionally, the economic mainstays of the population were forestry and the export of wood products (principally cedar roof shingles), and commercial fishing. Cultivation of oranges and tea, the distilling of shōchū, and tourism are now the main sources of income.
Flora and fauna
Yakushima contains one of the largest tracts of existing Nansei Islands subtropical evergreen forests, an endangered habitat ecoregion. The only large animals indigenous to the island are red-bottomed macaques (Yakushima macaque) and a variety of sika deer (yakushika). The Japanese raccoon dog is also a common animal, but is not native to the island. Japanese weasels (Mustela itatsi) may also be seen from time to time. The island is a spawning ground for migratory loggerhead turtles, and dolphins are to be found offshore. The coastal areas have coral reefs in places, although to a much lesser extent than are found farther south in the islands of Okinawa. The island, along with neighbouring Tanegashima, has been recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because they support populations of Japanese wood pigeons, Ryukyu green pigeons and Ryukyu robins.
Yakushima is famous for its lush vegetation. Most of the island has at one time or another been logged (dating back at least to the early Edo period), but has been extensively replanted and reseeded since logging ended in the late 1960s, at which time a conservation regime was established. In addition to this secondary forest, there are some remaining areas of primary forest, composed mainly of a variety of Cryptomeria japonica, or Japanese cedar, known as , the best known single example of which is named the , as its age is estimated to date to at least the Jōmon period of Japanese history, 2300 years ago. In addition, the island lists over 50 varieties of endemic flower, notably rhododendrons, and hundreds of rare endemic Bryophyta, as well as a number of endemic trees.
Climate
Yakushima has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa) with hot, humid summers and mild winters. Precipitation is extremely heavy, with at least in each month and as much as in June alone. Yakushima is Japan's wettest place, and annual precipitation in Yakushima is one of the world's highest at . It is said by the locals to rain "35 days a month". There are drier periods in autumn and winter, while the heaviest downpours occur in spring and summer, often accompanied by landslides. It is the southernmost place in Japan where there is snow in the mountains, often for months, while the ocean temperature is never below
Pollution
According to a disputed theory, airborne pollutants from the People's Republic of China may have affected Yakushima white pine in the forest on the island. The scientific results have been published in a 2009 paper.
Transportation
Airport
Yakushima Airport (KUM) is the only airport serving the island. Scheduled commercial flights are operated by Japan Air Commuter, a JAL subsidiary. As of 2019, the runway was in the process of extension from 1500m to 2000m, which would allow jet aircraft to operate and a wider range of destinations to be served.
Ferries
Tanegayaku High Speed Ship Jetfoil "Toppy" "Rocket"
Kagoshima Port, Minato Pier, Kagoshima City- Ibusuki Port ( Ibusuki City ) in Tanegashima, Nishinoomote Port ( Nishinoomote City ), Yakushima, Miyanoura Port or Anbo Port.
Other
Orita Kisen “Ferry Yakushima 2”
Kagoshima Minato-ku Minami Pier-Yakushima / Miyanoura Port
Kagoshima Merchant Ship & Shinyashiki Shoji Ferry "Haibisukasu" [40]
Taniyama Port 2 Ward (Kagoshima City)-Tanegashima Nishinoomote Port (Nishinoomote City)-Yakushima Miyanoura Port
Forward (Taniyamako onset) after arriving in Nishinoomote Port at night Todokohaku, the next morning to go to Miyanoura Port [41] .
Yakushima Town "Ferry Taiyo"
Kuchinoerabujima -Yakushima / Miyanoura Port-Tanegashima / Shimama Port ( Minamitanemachi )
Buses
The number of bus routes is relatively high on both Tanegashima and Yakushima. They operate from morning till evening. However, the frequency of buses on each route is low, so careful planning is required.
Cars
There are several rental car companies. The northwestern road, called the Western Forest Road, is a narrow road on which it is difficult for cars to pass each other. The road is often closed due to steep curves, slopes, and occastional landslides. Gasoline prices on the island are significantly higher than on the Japanese mainland.
Railway
The last operating narrow gauge (762mm gauge) timber railway in Japan is on the island but it is freight only. Several other lines did operate but are now closed. The track is used by some hikers as a path but this can be dangerous as the line is very much still in operation.
Onsen
There are several onsen (hot springs) on Yakushima.
Onoma Onsen
Yakushima Onsen
Hirauchi underwater hot spring
Yudomari Onsen
Oura hot spring - originally a hot spring, but it's now a communal bath with boiling spring water
Yodogawa Onsen
Yunoko no Yu
Jomon no Yado Manten - outpatient Bathing
In popular culture
The forests of Yakushima inspired the forest setting in Hayao Miyazaki's film Princess Mononoke.
Yakushima is the inspiration behind the forest of Dremuchij in Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater.
Fictional characters Jun and Jin Kazama of Tekken lived on Yakushima.
Eiji Miyake, the protagonist of David Mitchell's novel number9dream, is from Yakushima. Parts of the novel take place in the narrator's childhood on the island.
The island also featured prominently in the 1996 film Rebirth of Mothra. In the movie The Young Mothra swims to the island to transform into the new and more powerful Mothra taking its life essence and new powers from the eternal forest.
Characters in Persona 3 take a week's vacation on Yakushima.
The first two episodes of the 2005 TV show, Kamen Rider Hibiki, take place primarily on Yakushima.
See also
Ernest Henry Wilson - Wilson stump
List of Special Places of Scenic Beauty, Special Historic Sites and Special Natural Monuments
List of World Heritage Sites in Japan
List of national parks of Japan
Ramsar sites in Japan
References
Witham, Clive. Yakushima: A Yakumonkey Guide. Siesta Press. (2009)
External links
UNESCO World Heritage Site Entry
Notes
Ōsumi Islands
Islands of Kagoshima Prefecture
Biosphere reserves of Japan
Cultural Landscapes of Japan
Ramsar sites in Japan
Tourist attractions in Kagoshima Prefecture
World Heritage Sites in Japan
Important Bird Areas of the Nansei Islands
Dale Levitski is an American chef and television personality.  They are a former Top Chef television series alum.
Career
Television
Dale Levitski competed on Top Chef season 3. After having been one of the runners-up to Hung Huynh (along with Casey Thompson), Levitski was invited to compete again on Top Chef season 8 among the All-Stars. They were eliminated in the third episode.
Chicago
After leaving the TV show it took Levitski 18 months to get going on their next project. They rebounded to open Sprout in 2009, garnering praise, three stars from the Chicago Tribune and a semifinalist nod from the James Beard foundation for Best Chef: Midwest, something that might be considered a coup considering the glut of competition in the brutally tough Chicago-centric category." A year after Sprout opened, the restaurant received a three-star rating from the Chicago Tribune and also was named by Chicago Magazine as a Best Restaurant. Levitski also opened a bistro called Frog n' Snail. Levitski started to have failing health due to the stress of the two restaurants. They decided to leave Chicago, and the two restaurants closed after their departure.
Nashville
In 2014 Levitski moved from Chicago to Nashville, Tennessee and opened a new restaurant called Sinema in the old Melrose Theater. They left the project in 2016.
References
External links
Two-Bite Interview: Top Chef's gay cheftestant, Dale Levitski
Coming out on 'Top': Out chef Dale Levitski on their new Boystown spot
Meet the (Gay) Top Chef Masters
American chefs
American male chefs
Living people
People from Chicago
Top Chef contestants
Gay entertainers
LGBT entertainers from the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century LGBT people
LGBT chefs
"The Dreaming City" is a novella written by Michael Moorcock, which first appeared in Science Fantasy issue 47, in June 1961. It was the first story to feature the character Elric of Melniboné.
"The Dreaming City" has been reprinted in several collections of Moorcock's Elric stories, including The Stealer of Souls (Spearman, 1963), The Stealer of Souls and Other Stories (Lancer / Mayflower, 1967), The Weird of the White Wolf (DAW, 1977), Elric of Melniboné (Millennium / Orion, 1993), Elric: Song of the Black Sword (White Wolf, 1995), Elric (Gollancz / Orion, 2001), Elric: The Stealer of Souls (Del Rey, 2008), and Elric: Sailor on the Seas of Fate (Gollancz, 2013).
In 1982, Marvel Comics adapted the novella into a graphic novel written by Roy Thomas and illustrated by P. Craig Russell. In 2021, Titan Comics released a serialized comic book adaptation of The Dreaming City written by Julien Blondel with art by Julien Telo.
This novella should not be confused with the 1972 novel Elric of Melniboné, which has occasionally been published under the title The Dreaming City by Lancer Books (1972) and Magnum Books (1975) but is actually a distinct story from the 1961 novella of this name.
Plot
Elric, emperor of Melniboné, returns to the dreaming city of Imrryr where they plan to slay their cousin, Yyrkoon, and reclaim their love Cymoril with an armada of mercenary ships. After the mercenaries lay waste to Melniboné's outer defenses, Elric guides their fleet through a secret maze of caves to reach the civilization within. As the fighting continues, Elric steals away to meet Cymoril at a hidden spot among the city's towers but finds them imprisoned by Yyrkoon, who attacks them with a powerful spell. Elric battles their cousin with the soul-devouring, rune-forged sword Stormbringer and defeats them but kills Cymoril by accident.
Ruined by grief, Elric flees the smoldering ruins of Melniboné with the remainder of their mercenary fleet, whose strength is depleted by the attack and subsequent looting of the city's riches. The fleet is surprised by the warships of Melniboné and the dragons which had been roused by the attack. Elric calls upon the black magic passed down to them by their ancestors to aid their escape, but the pursuers move swiftly to overtake the mercenaries. Unable to summon enough strength to save all the ships, Elric saves only themselves and their crewmen, speeding away on the winds of elemental forces.
When their ship comes within sight of a harbor, Elric tries to break their bond with Stormbringer by hurling it into the ocean. The magic blade hovers above the water, and Elric jumps from the ship to reclaim it, fearing their albino weakness will overcome them without Stormbringer's power. They swim to shore alone, while their crew curses them for being traitor and coward.
References
British fantasy novels
1961 British novels
Books by Michael Moorcock
British novellas
Maxime Chazal (born 24 April 1993, in Nouméa) is a French tennis player. Chazal has a career high ATP singles ranking of 234, achieved on 7 March 2016. Chazal made their ATP main draw doubles debut at the 2013 Open 13 where they partnered Martin Vaïsse but lost in the first round. They won 9 ITF Futures (2013 : 2 ; 2015 : 5 ; 2016 : 2) and 6 ITF Futures in doubles (2015 : 1 ; 2017 : 3 ; 2018 : 2).
Finals: 28 (15–13)
Singles: 20 (11–9)
Wins (11)
Runner-up (9)
Doubles: 10 (6–4)
Wins (6)
Runner-Up (4)
External links
1993 births
Living people
French male tennis players
New Caledonian male tennis players
Paul Platero is a Navajo linguist. They were a student of the late MIT linguistics professor Ken Hale. Platero earned their Ph.D. in linguistics from MIT, with a dissertation on the relative clause in Navajo.
They have published articles about the syntax and grammar of Navajo, and co-edited an overview of the Athabaskan languages.
Platero has taught the Navajo language at institutions including Swarthmore College and the Navajo Language Academy, and has also participated in language revitalization efforts to promote the use of Navajo among Navajo youth.
Selected works
2000 The Athabaskan Languages
References
Living people
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences alumni
Native American linguists
Navajo scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Linguists of Navajo
21st-century linguists
Native American educators
Linguists from the United States
Kānga waru is a type of pudding from New Zealand. The dessert is made from cornmeal made into a dough that's wrapped and steamed. The dessert originates from the Māori people and is closely associated with Māori cuisine.
Etymology
The Māori word 'Kānga' is a direct transliteration of the English word for Corn. 'Waru' is derived from the Polynesian word 'Waru' which means 'to scrape', one of the preparation methods used by Polynesians for the preparation of traditional puddings. Corn was introduced to New Zealand by early Europeans and was adopted by Māori as a food crop. Several dishes were made from corn such as Kānga pirau (fermented corn) and Kānga pungarehu (corn cooked in ash).
Preparation
Kānga waru is prepared from corn, either grated or cornmeal, with flour, sugar, butter, milk and grated kūmara (sweet potato) mixed together and formed into a dough. The dough is then wrapped and steamed for several minutes. Kānga waru is traditionally wrapped in corn husks and cooked in a hāngi, though modern day preparations use foil and is cooked in a similar way to steamed puddings.
See also
Humitas
Pamonha, a similar Brazilian corn dessert.
Tamale
References
Māori cuisine
New Zealand desserts
Maize dishes
The Wraysbury River is an anabranch of the River Colne to the west of London.
Course
The river leaves the Colne at West Drayton and runs under the M4 motorway then close to Longford when it passes under the M25 motorway. A branch then feeds the Colne Brook by the Poyle Channel while the Wraysbury River runs parallel to the M25, crossing back under it by the Wraysbury Reservoir. It then flows into Staines and rejoins the River Colne in the town centre, shortly before it flows into the River Thames.
The northern part of the river's course has been heavily modified to accommodate the M4 and M25 motorways.
References
See also
List of rivers of England
1Wraysbury
Rivers of Berkshire
Rivers of Buckinghamshire
The scamp grouper (Mycteroperca phenax), also known as scamp, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a grouper from the subfamily Epinephelinae which is part of the family Serranidae, which also includes the anthias and sea basses. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean.
Description
The scamp grouper has a body that is elongated, robust and compressed with its depth being the same at the origin of the dorsal fin as it is at the origin of the anal fin. The standard length is 3.0 to 3.4 times the body's depth. The preopercle is angular, with an obvious bony lobe at its serrated angle. The dorsal fin contains 11 spines and 16-18 soft rays while the anal fin contains 3 spines and 10-12 soft rays. The membranes between the dorsal fin spines are incised. The caudal fin is concave. Four phases of colour and pattern have been described. One has the head and body pale brown in background colour but the body is almost entirely covered in small dark red-brown spots, one on each scale, these frequently form clusters shaped like the paw-prints and these form saddle-like blotches along the back and elongate blotches on the flanks. These spots extend onto the dorsal and anal fins while the pectoral fin has a dark inner margin and a whitish outer margin. The caudal fin is dark with a pale margin. A second phase is pale brown, and its upper body has clusters of dark brown spots that look like cat's paws. The third phase has large adults which have a silvery grey head and front of the body with dark reticulations and the posterior two-thirds of the body are dark. This phase has a few white spots on the abdomen, at the base of the caudal fin and above the anal fin. It also has black margins on the pectoral fins and a pale edged dark tail. The fourth colour phase is bicolored, pale brown anteriorly, changing abruptly to dark from the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. Juveniles do not have a bicolored phase. This species attains a total length of , although they are more commonly around , and a maximum published weight of .
Distribution
The scamp grouper occurs in the western Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina south along the southern Atlantic coast of the United States into the Gulf of Mexico where it has been recorded as far south as Belize, but it is absent from much of the West Indies It is also found along the Caribbean coast of South America from Colombia to Tobago. Juveniles are sometimes recorded as far north as Massachusetts and a vagrant has been caught in the Azores.
Habitat and biology
The scamp grouper is found at depths of , the adults are found over rock ledges and rocky bottoms with high relief usually deeper than . Juveniles are found in reefs in shallower water and will enter estuaries and mangroves. The adults will migrate from deep water to shallower water when the temperature drops below at the bottom of the water column. It is a protogynous hermaphrodite forming small, short-lived spawning aggregations, which may be ten to a few hundred strong over offshore reefs with high relief along the edge of the continental shelf. These take place from February until July in the United States Atlantic waters and in the Gulf of Mexico, peaking from March to the middle of May. Scamp is the most numerous grouper in areas of living Oculina reefs at depths between off the eastern coast of Florida. It has been suggested that scamp prefers areas of high topographic complexity as they are relatively small in size and they can use overhangs, ledges and caves to shelter from predators like sharks and greater amberjack (Seriola dumerili). It feeds on fishes, benthic crustaceans and octopuses.
Taxonomy
The scamp grouper was first formally described in 1884 as Mycteroperca falcata phenax by the American ichthyologist David Starr Jordan (1851-1931) and the biologist and mathematician Joseph Swain (1857-1927) with the type locality given as Key West and Pensacola in Florida.
Utilisation and conservation
The scamp is a popular game and commercial fish and is high prized among the grouper family. Its meat is white in colour, sweet in taste and has excellent food value. The name "scamp" is said to be because of their ability to steal bait from hooks without being caught. There is a lack of population data for this species in a large part of its range and there is a major threat from fishing, as a result, the IUCN has classified it as Data Deficient.
USS Scamp
The scamp has had two United States Navy submarines USS Scamp (SS-277) (1942-1944) and USS Scamp (SSN-588) (1960-1988) named after it.
References
External links
Mycteroperca
Fish of the Atlantic Ocean
Taxa named by David Starr Jordan
Taxa named by Joseph Swain (academic)
Fish described in 1884
I've Got to Sing a Torch Song is a 1933 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short film, directed by Tom Palmer. The short was released on September 23, 1933.
The animation was supervised by Jack King and produced by Leon Schlesinger. The musical score was composed by Bernard B. Brown and Norman Spencer. It premiered on September 23, 1933.
The cartoon features the song, "I've Got To Sing A Torch Song," written by Harry Warren and Al Dubin. "I've Got To Sing A Torch Song" had been recorded by many artists, including Bing Crosby, Rudy Vallée, and Al Bowlly.
Dick Powell sang the song "Gold Diggers of 1933" in the film.
Plot
The cartoon is a series of gags featuring characters all singing and dancing to the song "I've Got to Sing a Torch Song" and/or reacting to radio broadcasts. Some scenes are set in stereotypical portrayals of China, Africa, the Arctic, the Middle East and New York City. Some characters are caricatures of celebrities of the 1930s, including: Benito Mussolini, George Bernard Shaw, Leopold Stokowski, Ed Wynn (doing a running gag with 8:00AM), Bing Crosby (identified as Cros Bingsby on the door of their office), James Cagney and Joan Blondell, Ben Bernie, Guy Kibbee, Wheeler and Woolsey, the Boswell Sisters, Greta Garbo, Zasu Pitts and Mae West. In one gag, a sultan is shown listening to the Amos 'n' Andy radio show. Another gag features the Statue of Liberty singing the title track, while ending with the line "Ha-cha-cha-cha-cha-cha", in reference to Jimmy Durante. Garbo, Pitts, and West then play a short tune from The Girl I Left Behind Me. Then Ed Wynn returns to the microphone for one more running gag with a cannon, but it misfires and sends them flying back into their home through the sunroof and landing on a bed with a wife and children who are all wearing firefighters's hats; they utter the catch phrase, "Sooo...", with Ed Wynn chortling as the sequence ends.
Garbo concludes the cartoon by saying That's all, folks!.
Sources
External links
1933 films
1933 animated films
American black-and-white films
Animation based on real people
Cultural depictions of Bing Crosby
Cultural depictions of Benito Mussolini
Cultural depictions of Greta Garbo
Cultural depictions of George Bernard Shaw
Cultural depictions of Mae West
Cultural depictions of James Cagney
Cultural depictions of Jimmy Durante
Films about radio
Films scored by Bernard B. Brown
Films scored by Norman Spencer (composer)
Films directed by Tom Palmer (animator)
Films set in Africa
Films set in the Arctic
Films set in China
Films set in the Middle East
Films set in New York City
Merrie Melodies short films
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1930s Warner Bros. animated short films
Sophie Gräfin von Hatzfeldt, born Gräfin von Hatzfeldt-Schönstein zu Trachenberg (10 August 1805, Trachenberg (Lower Silesia) – 25 January 1881, Wiesbaden) was active in the German working-class movement and partner and confidante of Ferdinand Lassalle.
Early life
They were the daughter of Prussian general Franz Ludwig von Hatzfeldt zu Trachenberg (1756−1827) and Countess Friederike Karoline von der Schulenburg (1779–1832), a daughter of the Prussian minister to the General Directorate Friedrich Wilhelm von Schulenburg-Kehnert. Their older sister, Countess Luise von Hatzfeldt was the wife of Prussian General Ludwig Freiherr Roth von Schreckenstein, the Minister of War. Among their other siblings was brother Prince Hermann Anton von Hatzfeldt and sister Maximilian von Hatzfeldt. From Prince Hermann's second marriage to Countess Marie von Nimptsch, they were aunt to Prince Hermann von Hatzfeldt, who represented the Deutsche Reichspartei in the Reichstag. They grew up in the Hatzfeld Palace and in Berlin.
Life
In 1822, Sophie was forced to marry their cousin, Edmund Fürst von Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg with whom they had three children (including Paul von Hatzfeldt, who was Ambassador to London and Constantinople, Foreign Secretary, and Head of the Foreign Office). The marriage was unhappy as their husband was controlling their money and their movements. They separated in 1833.
In 1846, when they were in their early-40's, they made the acquaintance of Ferdinand Lassalle (1825-1864). In a long and relentless lawsuit to reach a divorce of the unhappy marriage and fight for their rights as an independent woman, they were represented by Lassalle who saw the process as a fight against injustice in general. Them house in Düsseldorf became an important meeting point of activists during the March revolution in 1848, Karl Marx among them, and Sophie themselves became an independent and politically active woman.
After Lassalle's death in 1864, seeing themselves as the one responsible to continue their work, they published their unpublished writings and was active in the Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein (ADAV) that had been founded by Lasalle - even though they were not allowed to become a member under Prussian law. In 1867, they founded an ADAV splinter group, the Lassallescher Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein (LADAV). After a lack of political success, they retired from politics and died in 1881.
Even though they did not succeed in implementing Lassalle's views as the ones that would further guide the working-class movement, they were highly appreciated by many workers and left their trace in the movement.
See also
House of Hatzfeld
References
1805 births
1881 deaths
House of Hatzfeld
German socialists
People from Żmigród
William George Welsh (30 June 1908 – 11 August 1987) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Welsh, who was born in Berringa, came to Geelong from local side Geelong West. They made five appearances for Geelong, one in the 1929 VFL season and four in 1930. Their 1930 season ended on a good note as they were a centre half-back in Geelong's seconds premiership.
References
External links
1908 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Geelong Football Club players
Geelong West Football Club players
1987 deaths
Operation Catalonia (Operació Catalunya in Catalan) is the name of a covert police operation allegedly driven by the government of Spain which aimed to curb the Catalan independence process. The operation consisted of research and information gathering about Catalan independence politicians without judicial authorization.
The operation allegedly included the creation or use of false evidence, data manipulation, irregular reports, secret agents, leaks to the press and the use of threats to obtain confidential information.
The operation allegedly started after the 2012 Catalan independence demonstration. The heads of the National Police started an extrajudicial operation that was kept secret even within the corps.
The operation consisted of investigating and compiling information from politicians that were favorable to the independence of Catalonia without any judicial authorization. To do this, two methods were allegedly used: a special and secret unit of the National Police Corps, depending on the Ministry of the Interior (Spain), and also through the Spanish embassy in Andorra, dependent on the Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation.
History of the case
On July 6, 2016, the Ex-Commissary of the National Police Corps, José Manuel Villarejo, revealed in court that they worked with former head of the internal affairs unit, Marcelino Martín Blas, to stop the pro-independence movement. Villarejo admitted that they were in charge of "investigating crimes", while Martín Blas was devoted to "appointments", "stories" and "finding sources". They also said that among the sources that Martín Blas had used there was the former head of the Anti-Fraud Office of Catalonia, Daniel de Alfonso, who also appeared in the recordings released earlier of the two meetings held in October 2014 with the Spanish interior minister, Jorge Fernández Díaz, in which both allegedly conspired to seek evidence against pro-independence politicians.
On July 11, 2016, a police report was made public, signed by Marcelino Martín Blas, that confirmed the existence of the Operation Catalunya and which states that one of the duties of Commissary José Villarejo "during the last legislature was investigating "the Catalan independence process."
On August 18, 2016, former president of Banca Privada d'Andorra, Higini Cierco, reported that they had received pressure from members of the Ministry of the Interior (Spain) and the heads of the national police to obtain banking information of some pro-independence politicians and their families. In particular, they assured that they had received threats and been blackmailed by Celestino Barroso, attaché from the Ministry of the Interior to the embassy of Spain in Andorra, and by Marcelino Martín Blas, Chief of the Department of Internal Affairs of the Spanish National Police .
The former lawyer of the Cierco brothers, Jaume Bartumeu, confirmed the threats and extortions of the Spanish police in the Cierco.
On August 22, 2016, the BPA case's Judge Canòlich Mingorance decided to notify the creation of two new causes as a result of the statements made by the Cierco brothers and sent an order to start a criminal investigation about the presumed threats and coercion exercised by the Government of Spain over the Managers of the Private Bank of Andorra to filter information that would undermine the independence process.
On August 30, 2016, it was announced by the investigative commission formed by the Parliament of Catalonia that the Prime Minister of Spain, Mariano Rajoy participated in the operation. The president sent their head of Cabinet, Jorge Moragas, and the Secretary of State for Commerce, Jaime García-Legaz, to Andorra to get the BPA owners to hand over bank statements, violating Andorran law.
On July 18, 2017, the commission announced their intent to present a demand against the ten people under investigation for refusing to testify before the commission, all of them high-ranking officials of the Spanish government. Doing so is a crime under Spanish law.
As of July 20, 2017 the investigation has reached impasse due to the blocking of any proposal in congress.
List of people related to the case
This lists people currently or previously included as part of the operation.
Jorge Fernández Díaz: Operation Catalonia was carried out during their term as Minister of the Interior during which they commanded the National Police. The leaked recordings of their conversations with Daniel de Alfonso in October 2014 indicate that they directed the plot and that Rajoy was informed about it. With Alfonso, they reviewed which of the investigations by the anti-fraud office could be used against the parties of the pro-independence movement.
Jorge Moragas: when they were head of the Spanish cabinet, Moragas sent several text messages to Victoria Álvarez to convince them to tell everything they knew about the Pujol family.
Daniel de Alfonso: while they headed the Antifraud Office of Catalonia (2011–2016) they met with Fernández Díaz in Madrid to discuss what were the best tools they had for disassemble the political side of the independence movement. They also contracted Giménez Raso and Redondo Rodríguez using state funds, they are linked to José Manuel Villarejo and the operation.
Eugenio Pino: while they were the assistant deputy director of the National Police Corps, they considered to have been the puppeteer who really moved the strings of the operation within the police. Martín Blas, Fuentes Gago and, in theory, even Villarejo followed their orders.  They are now retired.
José Ángel Fuentes Gago: they were the right-hand man of Eugenio Pino and who would have promoted the meeting between De Alfonso and the minister. They investigated the diverse assets of Villarejo and concluded that it was not irregular. Currently assigned to the Embassy of The Hague.
José Manuel Villarejo: alias "Manuel Villar", retired commissary of the National Police Corps of Spain, is the only one who has admitted the existence of the operation of Catalonia – without mentioning it by name – for which they affirm to have worked through private companies that they combined with their position in the police. He's been in a feud with Martín Blas, since they tried to involve them in the Emperador case. They would have also pressured Victoria Álvarez to present a demand.
Rafael Redondo Rodríguez: private detective and lawyer, partner of commissary Villarejo, with whom they share a position or a directive position in eight companies, and thirteen with the son of the commisary. They also accompanied Victoria Álvarez to testify in Madrid to demand Pujol.
Antonio Giménez Raso: senior police officer and member of the business network of commissary Villarejo, pretended to be an active agent of the police's anti-corruption unit under the name of Andrés García, to trick at least one witness of the case Pujol. They work with Redondo in a company also did it before in a company contracted by Alfonso to look for microphones and cameras in the anti-fraud offices. According to two complaints and a series of messages from WhatsApp, they were an intermediary between the police force of the operation Catalonia and the detectives Peribáñez and Tamarit, who had made reports for the anti-independent police plot.
Marcelino Martín Blas: alias "Félix" while they were the head of Internal Affairs of the National Police, was one of the strong men of Pino and directed the secret police unit until Fernandez Diaz dismissed him. They have in an open dispute with Villarejo, who considers them a man of the Centro Nacional de Inteligencia, with whom they are also confronted. They traveled to Barcelona with Olivera in 2012 to try to persuade the prosecutors Bermejo and Sánchez Elled to reactivate the investigation of the Millet case, with a draft of an apocryphal report, and to search the CDC headquarters. After not accomplishing it, the draft was leaked, based on information extracted from the internet.
José Luis Olivera: while head of the Economic and Fiscal Crimes Unit (UDEF) they traveled with Martín Blas to Barcelona.  They are the current director of the Center for Intelligence against Terrorism and Organized Crime (CITCO)
María Victoria Álvarez: after cutting off their relationship with Jordi Pujol Ferrusola, Álvarez launched the Pujol case by uncovering the alleged evasion of capital of the family in front of judge Pablo Ruz in the National Court. But when they declared they had already explained many of the events to Sánchez-Camacho three years ago, in a controversial lunch at the La Camarga restaurant in Barcelona, which was made in July 2010. The lunch was secretly recorded and was later leaked to the media.
Alícia Sánchez-Camacho: while they were the president of the Catalan PP, they knew the irregularities of the Pujol family, at least three years before they were taken to the courts, following the lunch at La Camarga with Álvarez. There they told them that they had good contacts with the police and that they reported everything to Rajoy and Moragas. Despite assuring that they did not know they were being recorded by the private detective agency Método 3, they stopped the judicial process against the detective agency with an agreement.
Javier de la Rosa: lawyer and entrepreneur, who is one of the main sources of commissary Villarejo about the Pujol family, and could have been paid with reserved funds in exchange for becoming an informer. They provided data on the eldest son of Pujol to the judicial cause. Redondo accompanied them to testify before Judge Ruz.
Francisco Nicolás Gómez Iglesias: better known as Petit Nicholas, is a law student who would have pretended to be a collaborator with the Centro Nacional de Inteligencia, the Rajoy administration and the Spanish monarchy. They recorded themselves offering money to De la Rosa in exchange for information about Pujol. They were arrested in October 2014 and the first media source to mention it was a digital site linked to Villarejo.
Julián Peribáñez and Antonio Tamarit: detectives of Metodo 3 that would have done surveillance of Catalan politicians and members of the Mossos|Mossos d'Esquadra for the operation.
Celestino Barroso: Attache of the Ministry of Interior to the embassy of Spain in Andorra.
Bonifacio Díaz: alias "Boni", ex-attache from the Ministry of Interior to the embassy of Spain in Andorra.
References
Politics of Spain
Corruption in Spain
Political scandals in Spain
Uum or UUM may refer to:
The University of Ulster's Magee College
Universiti Utara Malaysia, the Northern University of Malaysia in Kedah
UUM, the U.S. Department of Defense designation for a submarine-launched anti-submarine missile
Urum (ISO code uum), a Turkic language spoken by ethnic Greeks
Danielson Provincial Park is located at the northern end of Lake Diefenbaker in the southern part of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The park surrounds the Gardiner Dam, which was built in 1967 and is among the largest embankment dams in Canada and the world. The South Saskatchewan River flows north beyond the park, towards Outlook and Saskatoon. Saskatchewan Highways 44, 45, and 219 provide access to the park. SaskPower's Coteau Creek Hydroelectric Station is located near the park.
The park opened to the public in 1971 and was named for former MLA Gustaf Herman Danielson. It is one if three provincial parks on Lake Diefenbaker, with the other two being Douglas Provincial Park and Saskatchewan Landing Provincial Park.
Danielson Provincial Park's Visitor Centre is located between Lake Diefenbaker and Coteau Bay, and features numerous interactive displays about the Gardiner Dam and the river systems of southern Saskatchewan in addition to a café and beach.
Attractions and amenities
Danielson Provincial park has a variety of attractions and amenities ranging from camping to swimming to hiking.
There are three main campgrounds plus an over-flow site. The three campgrounds are Shady Lane, Bayside, and Elmview and services offered include electric hookups, potable water, washrooms, showers, and sani-dumps.
The park also features a sandy beach for swimming and a boat launch. Near the beach is a picnic area and a fish cleaning station.
There are two main trails in the park. The Great Trail, which is part of the Trans Canada Trail, and the Prairie View Nature Trail.
See also
List of protected areas of Saskatchewan
Tourism in Saskatchewan
References
Provincial parks of Saskatchewan
Division No. 11, Saskatchewan
Colby Pearce (born June 12, 1972) is an American professional cyclist. Known as a time trial specialist, they excelled on the road and on the track, where they won a number of national and international events around the globe.
Biography
Born in Boulder, Colorado, Pearce began riding in the Red Zinger Mini Classics series for 10–15 year olds in 1988. They rode their first race at what was to become their "home track", the USOTC velodrome in Colorado Springs, in 1990.
They competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, finishing 14th in the points race.
In November 2005 they retired from the national team and became the US National Endurance Coach, saying they wanted to put something back into the sport. But in April 2007, they resigned from their position as coach to return to competitive cycling, although they would still be involved in developing the sport.
Colby Pearce continues to coach bike riders of all ages and experience in their hometown of Boulder, Colorado.
In February 2012, they trained with world-renowned bike fitter, Steve Hogg, in Australia.
Career highlights
Pan-American Games bronze medalist
14-time National track Champion
(madison wins in 00, 01, 02, 05, 07, 08; team pursuit wins in 01, 02, 04, 07, 08; points race in 99 and 08; scratch race win in 03)
Former U.S. hour record holder, 50.191 km
Former U.S. record holder, 10 km, 20 km and 50 km
Current U.S. 10 km record holder 11'44.25
Six-time World Championship team member (2001-2005, 2008); One time Pan-Am games team member (03)
Eleven-time World Cup medalist (three victories; points race in Cali, Colombia in 02, scratch race in Mexico 04, and points race in Sydney 04)
1988 (16 years old)
5th overall, Red Zinger Mini Classic stage race
1989 (Junior 17 years old, first year licensed)
2nd State of Colorado Best All-Around rider competition JM 17-18
2nd CO state time trial championships, Staussberg, CO
4th CO state road race championships, Colorado Springs, CO
11th National time trial championships, Colorado Springs CO
18th National road race championships, Colorado Springs CO
1990 (Junior 18 yrs old with LeMond SVAA)
1st State of Colorado Best All-Around rider competition, JM 17-18
2nd National Championships, team time trial, 70km, Borrego Springs CA
2nd US Olympic Festival team time trial, 70km, Minneapolis MN
2nd Tour de L'abitibi, team time trial, Canada
5th National criterium championships, San Diego CA
1991 (amateur category 2)
1st State of Colorado Best All-Around rider competition SM 2
1st Tour of Guatemala, Stage 2 road race, Guatemala
1st Dyno Club 40km time trial, Colorado Springs CO
1st Collegiate national track championships, team competition, Northbrook IL
1992 (amateur category 1)
1st Cherry creek time trial, Denver CO
1st Wild Oats time trial, Denver CO
1st Colorado Cyclist regional track event, 4km pursuit, Colorado Springs CO
1st Collegiate national track championships, 4km team pursuit, Northbrook IL
2nd Collegiate national track championships, 4km individual pursuit, Northbrook IL
1993 (amateur category 1)
1st Colorado state time trial championships, 40km, Alamosa CO
1st Colorado state criterium championships, Gunnison CO
1st Strasbourg time trial, 40km, CO
2nd State of Colorado Best All-Around rider competition, SM 1
3rd La Vuelta a Venezuela, stage 8 time trial, Venezuela
3rd Mt. Haleakala time trial, 64km, Maui, HI
6th FBD Milk Ras Tour of Ireland road race stage 8, Ireland
18th FBD Milk Ras Tour of Ireland, G.C., 1300km, Ireland
1994 (amateur category 1)
1st KTCL criterium series, overall, Boulder CO
1st Colorado State road race championships, Akron CO
3rd National time trial championships, 40km, Seattle WA
4th La Vuelta de Guatemala, stage 7 circuit race, Guatemala
6th Kermeese, 120km, Gent, Belgium 5/29/94
11th FBD Milk Ras Tour of Ireland overall, 1300km, Ireland
1995 Taya Chain cycling team (amateur category 1)
US national record, 50.191km in 1 hour, Colorado Springs, CO, 9/31/95
US national record, 50 km in 59:46, Colorado Springs, CO, 9/31/95
US national record, 20 km in 23:50, Colorado Springs, CO, 9/31/95
US national record, 10 km in 11:55, Colorado Springs, CO, 9/31/95
1st Moriarty record challenge time trial, 40km, (47:47), Moriarty NM
1st Route 66 stage race overall, Gallup NM
1st Colorado district time trial championships, 40 km, Straussberg CO
2nd Hotter n' Hell stage race overall, Wichita Falls TX
2nd Cascade Cycling Classic, stage 1 time trial, Bend OR
3rd La Vuelta de Bisbee, stage 5 time trial, Bisbee AZ
5th Tour of the Gila, stage 1 time trial, Silver City NM
6th National time trial championships, 40km, Seattle WA
1996 Team Shaklee (first year professional)
2nd Moriarty record challenge time trial, Moriarty NM
2nd Red River stage race, stage 2 time trial, Boulder CO
3rd 89er stage race, stage 3 time trial, Norman OK
9th U.S. Olympic Trials time trial WV
1997 Team Shaklee (UCI tier 3)
US National record, 10km in 11:44.25, Colo. Springs CO
1st Downtown Boulder criterium, Boulder CO
1st Colorado Classic stage race, stage 3 time trial, Boulder CO
3rd National Time Trial Championships, Altoona PA
1998 Colorado Cyclist (independent pro)
1st Mead Criterium, Mead CO
1st Platte Bridge Station stage race, stage 4 criterium, Casper WY
2nd Usery Pass road race, Phoenix AZ
3rd Fitchburg stage race, stage 4 criterium, Fitchburg MA
20th Outdoor Life Atlanta Gran Prix, Atlanta GA
1999 Team Shaklee (UCI tier 3)
1st US National Track Championships, Points Race, Trexlertown PA
1st stage 1, Boulder Beer stage race, time trial, Boulder CO
2nd US National team pursuit championships, Trexlertown PA
2nd overall, Boulder Beer stage race, Boulder CO
2nd stage 1 Tour of Ireland, Dublin-Waterford
3rd US National madison championships, Trexlertown PA
3rd stage 3, road race, Tour of Willamette, Eugene OR
3rd overall, Tour of Ireland (1300km stage race)
10th World Cup points race, Fiorenzuola Italy
2000 Team Shaklee (UCI tier 3)
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Michael Tillman)
1st Grand Prix Bermuda stage race, overall, Bermuda
1st EDS Cup: points race, individual pursuit, team pursuit, Blaine MN
1st EDS Cup madison, Monterey CA
2nd US National Championships, points race, Colorado Springs, CO
2nd US National Championships, team pursuit, Colorado Springs, CO
3rd UCI World Cup points race, Malaysia
2001 Prime Alliance cycling team (UCI tier 3)
1st Team Pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with James Carney, Jonas Carney & Ryan Miller)
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with James Carney)
2nd US National Championships, points race, Blaine MN
2nd UCI World Cup madison, Malaysia
3rd Goodwill Games, madison, Brisbane Australia
5th Goodwill Games, points race, Brisbane Australia
14th UCI World Championships, madison, Antwerp Belgium
2002 Ofoto/ Lombardi Sport cycling team (UCI tier 3)
2002 UCI World Cup points race champion, overall
1st UCI World Cup points race, Cali, Colombia
1st Team Pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with James Carney, Kenny Williams & Michael Tillman)
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with James Carney)
2nd UCI World Cup points race, Kunming China
2nd UCI World Cup madison, Kunming China
3rd UCI World Cup madison, Cali, Colombia
14th UCI World Championships, points race, Copenhagen Denmark
2003 (Ofoto/Lombardi Sports team on track; Rider/Manager, 5280/Subaru cycling team on road)
1st Scratch race, US National Track Championships, Elite
1st US Worlds/Pan Am Games trials, points race, Colorado Springs CO
1st US Worlds/Pan Am Games trials, points race, Colorado Springs CO
1st Madison Cup, Trexlertown PA
1st Colorado State time trial championships, Denver CO
2nd Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Jonas Carney)
2nd General Classification Ecology Center Classic Montana
2nd Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite
2nd Points race, US National Track Championships, Elite
3rd Bronze Medal, Pan-Am Games, Madison, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic
5th Pan-Am Games, road race, Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
5th Pan-Am Games, points race, Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
8th UCI World Cup madison, Sydney Australia
10th UCI World Cup points race, Sydney Australia
12th UCI World Championships, points race, Stuttgart Germany
2004 (Team TIAA-CREF)
1st Scratch race, Aguascalientes, Mexico 2004 Track World Cup
1st Points race, Sydney, Australia 2004 Track World Cup
1st Team pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with James Carney,
Robert Lea & Guillaume Nelessen)
2nd Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Jonas Carney)
2nd Points race, US National Track Championships, Elite
2nd Points race, Round 2, Los Angeles, 2004–2005 Track World Cup
3rd Points race, Manchester, England 2004 Track World Cup
11th, GC Southland Tour of New Zealand (2nd stage 4, 4th stage 7)
14th, Olympic Games points race, Athens, Greece
2005
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Chad Hartley)
2nd Points race, Round 1, Moscow, Russia, 2005–2006 Track World Cup
2nd Team pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Kenny Williams, Charles Bradley Huff & Curtis Gunn)
3rd Points race, Round 3, Manchester, England, 2004–2005 Track World Cup
3rd Team Pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite
10th, UCI World Championship madison, Los Angeles
14th UCI World Championship points race, Los Angeles
2007 (Cody Racing)
1st Madison, Pan American Championships, Elite
1st Team Pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Charles Bradley Huff, Michael Friedman & Michael Creed)
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Robert Lea)
1st Revolution 19 points race, Manchester, England
1st overall Tour of Christiana, PA
1st Tour of Christiana road race, PA
5th, Continental Championships, points race, Caracas, Venezuela
6th UCI World Cup, madison, Beijing, China
2008 (Team Slipstream/Chipotle P/B H30)
1st Madison, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Daniel Holloway)
1st Team Pursuit, US National Track Championships, Elite (with Taylor Phinney, Daniel Holloway & Charles Bradley Huff)
1st Points Race, US National Track Championships
1st UCI Madison Cup, Trexlertown PA
1st Giro Della Montagna criterium, St Louis, MO
2nd UCI World Cup, madison, Copenhagen, DEN
2nd Burnaby six day, Burnaby, CAN
3rd Elite US National Championships, time trial, Anaheim
5th UCI World Cup, points race, Copenhagen, Denmark
5th UCI World Cup, madison, Los Angeles, CA
9th US National Championship Firecracker 50, Breckenridge CO
10th Copenhagen 6 day, Copenhagen, DEN
2009
1st Bannock criterium, Denver, CO
1st Giro Della Montange criterium, St Louis Gateway Cup, MO
6th World Points Race Championships, Warsaw, Poland
7th 6 Days of Zurich, Switzerland
8th World Madison Championships, Warsaw, Poland
8th 6 Days of Zuidlaren, The Netherlands
9th 6 Days of Dortmund, Germany
10th Copenhagen 6 Day, Denmark
2010
7th Six Days of Copenhagen 7th (with Daniel Holloway)
9th UCI Track World Championships Copenhagen, DEN madison: 9th (with Daniel Holloway)
2013 (Horizon Organic p/b Panache Cyclewear)
USAC 40-44 Hour Record ( the best performance) 49.806 Colorado Springs, CO 9/30
USAC 40-44 Hour Record (absolute) 46.452 Colorado Springs, CO 9.30
1st Steamboat Springs Stage Race CO
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
American male cyclists
American track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Boulder, Colorado
Olympic cyclists of the United States
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Uijin was a Japanese idol girl group that formed in 2016. They debuted on July 5, 2017, with Stay Hungry, Stay Foooolish. The group disbanded on January 5, 2020.
Members
Ary (ありぃ)
Hitochibi (ひとちび)
Yayoi (やよい)
Rin (りん)
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
Japanese girl groups
Japanese idol groups
Japanese pop music groups
Musical groups from Tokyo
Musical groups established in 2016
2016 establishments in Japan
Musical groups disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in Japan
Édgar Arturo García de Dios (1 September 1977 – 27 June 2010) was a Mexican professional footballer who played as a forward.
Club career
Born in Mexico City, García made their debut with Atlante F.C. in the Mexico First Division in the 1995–96 season. They then moved to play in Toluca, and Verano. After a brief season in LASK in Second Division in Austria, they returned for season 1999–2000 to play with Tecos UAG.
Personal life
They were a son of Arturo and Margarita García. As of 2002, García did not play professional football anymore after they had become an alcoholic, effectively ending their football career prematurely.
Death
García was shot with seven bullets at close range while in a taxi cab in Naucalpan. The motives of the killing are not clear.
References
External links
Profile - LigaMX
1977 births
2010 deaths
Footballers from Mexico City
Mexican footballers
Association football forwards
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Atlante F.C. footballers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
LASK players
Mexican expatriate footballers
Mexican expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Male murder victims
Deaths by firearm in Mexico
People murdered in Mexico
Mexican murder victims
Haft Juy (, also Romanized as Haft Jūy and Haft Jūi; also known as Haft Jūb) is a village in Haft Juy Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriyar, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,828, in 766 families.
References
Populated places in Qods County
Tommy Danielson (born 25 June 1949) is a Swedish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1949 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Kingsley Rock (19 December 1937 – 23 October 2019) was a Montserratian cricketer. They played in two first-class matches for the Leeward Islands in the late 1950s.
See also
List of the Leeward Islands first-class cricketers
References
External links
1937 births
2019 deaths
Montserratian cricketers
Leeward Islands cricketers
Place of birth missing
Christopher Guard (born 5 December 1953) is an English actor, musician and artist.  They are known for roles such as Jim Hawkins in Return to Treasure Island (1986), Bellboy in Doctor Who is a serial The Greatest Show in the Galaxy (1988), Marcellus in I, Claudius (1976), Marius in Les Misérables (1978), Ken Hodges in the medical drama Casualty (1993), and voicing Frodo Baggins in The Lord of the Rings (1978).
Guard has appeared in Memoirs of a Survivor (1981) and A Woman of Substance (1985). Their first role on television was the young David Copperfield in the BBC's 1966 TV serial adaptation, followed by Pip in Great Expectations (1967). A long list of credits include appearances in Dixon of Dock Green, Z-Cars, Secret Army, Shoestring, The Professionals, Lovejoy, Bugs, Poirot, The Bill and Doctors. They have played roles in two works by Dennis Potter: Play For Today: Joe's Ark (1974) and Blackeyes (1989). They demonstrated their singing ability in the film version of Stephen Sondheim's A Little Night Music (1977) in the role of Henrik Egerman alongside Elizabeth Taylor. They played Ferdinand in the BBC Shakespeare production of The Tempest (opposite their cousin Pippa as Miranda) in 1980.
In recent years, Guard has worked on expanding their musical career and developing their artwork for private sale online.
Early life
Guard was born in Hammersmith, London and educated at Latymer Upper School.
Career
Guard's on-screen debut came aged 12 as the young David Copperfield in BBC television's 1966 serial adaptation of the Charles Dicken's novel. Producer Campbell Logan and Director Joan Craft had failed to find a suitable young actor from a drama academy and started to enquire about children of actors.
Guard said: "I never went to any kind of stage school... I went up once, twice, and three times [to Threshold House for auditions] – third time it was just me and one other boy and they chose me. The next thing I knew, there were four big, fat BBC scripts on the doormat and I was learning the lines and rehearsing in an old church hall and working with amazing people like Joss Ackland." Only one episode to feature Guard (episode 3, "A Long Journey") is known to exist.
Further television work followed, including an episode of Dixon of Dock Green and in 1967 they landed the role of young Pip in another BBC Dickens serial, Great Expectations, directed by Alan Bridges, who also directed Guard in a Play For Today called "Joe's Ark" written by Dennis Potter. In 1974, Guard became a member of the National Theatre at the age of 20.
Further roles in high-profile BBC TV productions followed, including Marcellus in I, Claudius (1976) and Marius in Les Misérables (1978). In 1978, Guard and their brother, Dominic both voiced characters in an animated film version of The Lord of the Rings (1978). Chris voiced Frodo Baggins and Dominic voiced Pippin.
The late seventies and early eighties were a busy time for Guard with appearances in Shoestring, The Professionals and leading roles in period costume dramas such as My Cousin Rachel (1983) by Daphne du Maurier and A Woman of Substance (1985) written by Barbara Taylor Bradford, Guard worked alongside Jenny Seagrove, Deborah Kerr and Liam Neeson.
The actor's next project was with Brian Blessed, playing the lead character of Jim Hawkins in Return to Treasure Island (1986). The 10-part miniseries was filmed in Wales, Spain and Jamaica and directed by Piers Haggard and Alex Kirby. It is a sequel to the Robert Louis Stevenson classic and again features Long John Silver.
Guard entered the world of science fiction for the role of Bellboy in the Doctor Who is a serial The Greatest Show in the Galaxy (1988). Their character builds and repairs robotic clowns at the Psychic Circus. Guard considered Bellboy a victim: “All these things were happening to him. Although they have had power, the power is all kind of taken away from him. Ultimately, they turn their own creations, in a Frankenstein way, upon himself”. The episodes were filmed in Dorset and famously at the BBC Elstree Centre using the car park to house the large circus top. Summing up the experience on location, Guard said "There was a vibe about the whole shoot. It was very hot out there…but it just felt good."
From September 1993, Guard played the role of Clinical Nurse Specialist Ken Hodges in long-running BBC drama, Casualty. The nurse left Holby after admitting they loved established character, Charlie Fairhead. Guard said about the character: “He's someone whose life is outside my experience, but we're not making any great statement by including a man who happens to be gay”.
Music
As a musician and songwriter Guard has written award-winning songs and their bands Leapfrogtown and What the Fox have played festivals supporting Toploader and venues such as The Troubadour and Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club. Their song 'Attention Deficit Girl' won the Guild of International Songwriters Rock Award in 2004.
In 2001, Christopher composed a song to celebrate the promotion of Fulham F.C. the Premier Division. The song, entitled ‘Here to Stay' by their band Lucky Revolution, features lead vocals by their daughter Daisy and backing vocals by their daughter Rosie and partner, Cath Shipton.
Songwriting has been a life-long passion and their original songs have featured on radio, television and film. This included collaborating on Candy Guard's animated series, Pond Life for Channel 4 (1996 and 2000) and recently contributions to the soundtrack for the film ‘Mercy' (2020), directed and written by Wendy Morgan.
Many of these songs can be viewed and purchased online. 'Blind Side' is Chris's latest release, in 2021.
Indians in Moscow
In 1991, Stuart Walton and Pete Riches reformed the band, Indians in Moscow and recruited Guard as lead singer. Together they released an initial single, 'Wrong Love' (1991) and then recorded an album, 'Ten Days to Live' (1994) on Nemesis Records. Walton and Guard continued to work together as part of The Bloogs up until 2012 and then as Leapfrogtown.
Art
Alongside their work in film and music Chris is an established artist. Their work is inspired by nature and ‘our strange and paradoxical relationship with it'. Their clients include British and American actors and musicians.
Family
Guard has two daughters from their marriage with Lesley Dunlop and one daughter with actor Cathy Shipton.
Christopher ran the London Marathon in 1995 in aid of the ‘Save the Cottage Campaign' and in total they have run five marathons and many half-marathons supporting Leukemia Research and the British Heart Foundation and other charities.
They have been a committed vegetarian since childhood.
Selected Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
References
External links
Personal website
Living people
1953 births
English male film actors
English male soap opera actors
English male voice actors
People educated at Latymer Upper School
Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority for the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England. One third of the council is elected each year, except for every fourth year when there is no election. Since the last boundary changes on 3 June 2004, councillors are elected from 21 wards.
Political control
From 1913 to 1974 Barnsley was a county borough, independent of any county council. Under the Local Government Act 1972 it had its territory enlarged and became a metropolitan borough, with South Yorkshire County Council providing county-level services. The first election to the reconstituted borough council was held in 1973, initially operating as a shadow authority before coming into its revised powers on 1 April 1974. South Yorkshire County Council was abolished in 1986 and Barnsley became a unitary authority. Political control of the council since 1973 has been held by the following parties:
Leadership
The leaders of the council since 1973 have been:
Council elections
Summary of the council composition after council elections, click on the year for full details of each election. Boundary changes took place for the 1979 election (increasing the number of seats by 6) and more recently the 2004 election (which decreased the number of seats by 3) prompting the whole council to be elected in those years.
Composition since 1973
Borough result maps
By-election results
References
External links
Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council
By-election results
Politics of Barnsley
Politics of Penistone
Council elections in South Yorkshire
Elections in Barnsley
Barnsley
Adriano Pereira da Silva, known as Adriano (born 3 April 1982 in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian football defender. They most recently played for Monaco.
Career
Club
They were signed by Palermo from Grêmio in summer 2004, but just played one league match. 50% of Adriano's registration rights was sold to Atalanta in summer 2005 after a successful 6 months loan. Along with Igor Budan they costed Atalanta €1.5 million as part of Stephen Makinwa's deal. Adriano was valued €500,000 at that time.
Atalanta bought all the rights on 1 June 2007, but sold them to AS Monaco FC on last day of the transfer window. On 12 July 2013, Monaco announced that Adriano had left the club after six years.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense players
Palermo F.C. players
Atalanta B.C. players
AS Monaco FC players
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Serie A players
Serie B players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Sportspeople from Salvador, Bahia
Fantadroms is a Latvian children's cartoon by the production company Studio Dauka. It first aired in the Soviet Union in 1985. The show has no dialogue and drama unfolds through pantomime and expressive noises such as grunts, groans, and laughter. This allows the show to cross language barriers.
The episode "Salt" won the Lielais Kristaps award for best animation in 1985, and further episodes were made sporadically until 1995.
In the early 1990s, Streamline Pictures was planning to release Fantadroms in the United States, but it was scrapped because the company thought the series was too bizarre for American audiences and that the person representing it did not actually have the rights to it.
Plot
The main character of the show is a yellow shape-shifting robot called Indriķis XIII, who usually takes the form of a cat. They fly through the universe mediating various disputes between the other characters or saving them from disaster. One recurring dynamic in the show is the love triangle between Indriķis, Receklīte (a flying purple cat-octopus with whom Indriķis is in love), and The Rat (who is in love with Indriķis). Other recurring characters include a cow, two young humans, and an amorphous pink blob.
Episode list
References
External links
Pasakas.net
Pantomime
1980s children's television series
1990s children's television series
1980s animated television series
1990s animated television series
1980s Soviet television series
1990s Latvian television series
Latvian animated television series
The Pleasure Garden may refer to:
The Pleasure Garden (1925 film), a British silent film directed by Alfred Hitchcock
The Pleasure Garden (1953 film), a short film written and directed by James Broughton
The Pleasure Garden (1961 film), a Swedish film directed by Alf Kjellin
See also
Pleasure garden, a park or garden open to the public for recreation and entertainment
Pleasure Gardens Theatre, a theatre in Folkestone, Kent, UK, 1886–1964
Djebel Cheracher is a mountain in Algeria. It is located in the wilaya of Naâma, in the north-west of the country, at 600 km southwest of the capital Algiers. The summit of Djebel Cheracher has an altitude of 1721 meters, which is 421 meters above the surrounding terrain. Its base has a width of 7 km.
The terrain around Djebel Cheracher is mainly hilly, but to the southeast, it is flat. The nearest highest peak is Râs ech Chergui, with its elevation of 2053 meters. It is located at 10 km. The surroundings of Djebel Cheracher are very sparsely populated, with 4 inhabitants per square kilometer. The nearest town is Aïn Sefra, 17.5 km away. The surroundings of Djebel Cheracher are essentially an open landscape of bush.
The average annual temperature is 21 degrees. The hottest month is July, with an average temperature of 32 degrees, and the coldest in January with 10 degrees}. The average annual rainfall is 290 mm. The wettest month is November, with average precipitation of 89 mm, and the driest in June, with 5 mm.
References
Cheracher
Piero Gadda Conti (13 February 1902 – 22 January 1999) was an Italian novelist and film critic.
Born in Milan, the cousin of Carlo Emilio Gadda, they debuted as a novelist in 1924 with L' estusiastica estate. They got their breakout in 1930 with the novel Mozzo, and in 1970 they won the Bagutta Prize with the novel La paura. A film critic for the magazine La Fiera Letteraria and for the newspaper Il Popolo, Gadda Conti was a jury member of the Venice Film Festival five times, in 1950, 1951, 1955, 1958, and 1963.
References
External links
1902 births
1999 deaths
Italian film critics
20th-century Italian people
20th-century Italian novelists
20th-century Italian male writers
Italian male novelists
Italian male non-fiction writers
Park Academy West London is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in the Yiewsley area of the London Borough of Hillingdon, England.
History
Stockley Academy
The school opened as Stockley Academy on 1 September 2004, receiving approximately £28 million of funding for construction and equipment from the government and sponsors. The Academy replaced Evelyns Community School which was situated approximately 100m to its north.
In September 2015 an Ofsted report classified the school as 'Inadequate' and it was placed in 'special measures'. On 31 August 2017 Stockley Academy was closed. The building was reopened on 1 September 2017 as Park Academy West London, part of the Aspirations Academies Trust.
Evelyns Community School
Evelyns School was opened to pupils from Yiewsley and South Hillingdon on 7 January 1936 as Evelyns Council School. Its official opening by Sir Howard Stransom Button J.P., Chairman of Middlesex County Council took place on 11 March 1936. The school cost £32,000 and was named in honour of the Evelyns Preparatory School which stood 200m to its east and had closed in 1931.
Evelyns Community School was closed on 31 August 2004 with Stockley Academy opening the next day.
Evelyns Preparatory School
Evelyns Preparatory School was an independent fee-paying school in Colham Green, Hillingdon. It was founded in 1872 by Mr Godfrey Thomas Worsley of Colham House, Hillingdon and was regarded as one of the leading preparatory schools in the country. It had an especially strong connection with Eton, to which the majority of the pupils graduated, and also with Harrow, Charterhouse and Wellington. Evelyns closed in 1931 with some staff members being transferred to the Farnborough School.
See also
List of schools in Hillingdon
References
Academies in the London Borough of Hillingdon
Educational institutions established in 2005
Secondary schools in the London Borough of Hillingdon
2005 establishments in England
Ludmila Semenyaka () is a Soviet ballerina, born in Leningrad. They studied at the Vaganova School as a pupil of . They joined the Kirov Ballet in 1970 and later the Bolshoi Ballet in 1972, where they were a prima ballerina. They were named People's Artist of the USSR in 1986 and received the USSR State Prize.
See also
List of Russian ballet dancers
External links
The Ballerina Gallery - Ludmila Semenyaka
Biography at Yandex
Prima ballerinas
Russian ballerinas
People's Artists of the USSR
Dancers from Saint Petersburg
1952 births
Living people
Soviet ballerinas
Vaganova graduates
20th-century ballet dancers
The 2021 World Enduro Championship is the 32nd season of the FIM World Enduro Championship. The season consists of eight events.
Steve Holcombe goes into the championship after winning both the EnduroGP and Enduro 2 classes in 2020. Andrea Verona is the reigning Enduro 1 champion, with Brad Freeman going into the season after taking the Enduro 3 title the previous season.
ABC Communications stepped down from being the championship promoter at the end of the previous season, with the FIM taking direct control of the series for 2021.
Calendar
A six-round calendar was announced in September 2020.
EnduroGP
Riders Championship
Enduro 1
Riders Championship
Enduro 2
Riders Championship
Enduro 3
Riders Championship
Junior
Riders Championship
Junior 1
Riders Championship
Junior 2
Riders Championship
Youth
Riders Championship
Women
Riders Championship
Open World Cup
Open 2-Stroke
Riders Championship
Open 4-Stroke
Riders Championship
References
Enduro World Championship
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 2008:.
2008
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 2008 at HKcinemamagic.com
2008
Hong Kong
2008 in Hong Kong
The 1949 Pacific hurricane season was the first hurricane season in the Eastern Pacific hurricane database. Six tropical cyclones were known to have existed during the season, of which the first formed on June 11 and the final dissipated on September 30. Another tropical cyclone had formed within the basin in 1949, but was included in the Atlantic hurricane database, had it been classified operationally in the Eastern Pacific basin, would have tallied the overall season to seven tropical cyclones. In addition, there were two tropical cyclones that attained hurricane status, but none of them reached major hurricane intensity (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale). Tropical Storm Three threatened the Baja California Peninsula, while an unnumbered hurricane crossed into the Atlantic, later becoming the 1949 Texas hurricane.
Season summary
Tropical cyclones were recorded in the Eastern Pacific best track database for the first time in 1949. Although official records began in the Eastern Pacific during this year, the season saw the first officially recorded Atlantic-Pacific crossover tropical cyclone. This season was also beginning of a cool phase for the Pacific decadal oscillation.
Only six tropical cyclones were observed in the Eastern Pacific during this season, which is well below the 1949–2006 average of 13 per year. Of the six tropical cyclones, two only attained hurricane status. In addition, none of the tropical cyclones became a major hurricane, which is Category 3 or greater on Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale. Although it is an oddity for no major hurricanes to occur during a season since the satellite era began, nearly all hurricane seasons during this time period lacked a major hurricane. However, it is likely that other tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific basin in 1949 went operationally unnoticed, due to lack of modern technology such as satellite imagery. In addition to the six tropical cyclones, another tropical cyclone developed in the Eastern Pacific basin, but was included in the Atlantic basin hurricane database, rather than the Eastern Pacific. Most of the seven tropical cyclones did not differentiate in intensity during the duration, with the exception of Hurricane Six. The first two tropical cyclones of the season formed in quick succession during mid-June, however, the months of July and August went dormant in terms of tropical cyclogenesis. The last five tropical cyclones, including the additional storm, also developed in a quick sequence, all of which forming from in a span of 17 days. By October 1, all tropical cyclonic activity had completely ceased.
Systems
Tropical Storm One
The first tropical storm of the season formed 75 mi (120 km) south-southwest of Puerto Vallarta on June 11. Tropical Storm One headed out to sea without intensifying further than 50 mph (80 km/h). Heading west-northwestward, the storm dissipated on July 12, centered roughly halfway between Socorro Island and Cabo San Lucas.
Tropical Storm Two
Tropical Storm Two was first observed 440 mi (705 km) southwest of Zihuatanejo on June 16. While remaining far west of the Mexican coast, Two peaked as a 50 mph (80 km/h) tropical storm. No change in intensity occurred, and the tropical storm dissipated southwest of Baja California at 1200 UTC June 23.
Tropical Storm Three
After no tropical cyclone activity in July and August, the third tropical storm formed offshore of southwestern Mexico on September 3. Like the previous two tropical cyclone, this storm had a peak of 50 mph (80 km/h), and did not intensify further. Tropical Storm Three headed northwestward, and began paralleling the coast of Baja California. On September 8, Tropical Storm Three turned abruptly south-southwestward, and dissipated by the next day. The outer rainbands of this system were expected to bring squally weather over the Baja California Peninsula; instead, this storm turned away without causing any impact.
Hurricane Four
The first hurricane of the season developed on September 9 while located 160 mi (260 km) east-southeast of Socorro Island, and tied Hurricane Six as the strongest tropical cyclone of the season. The hurricane slowly turned northward, and made landfall in Baja California Sur with winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) on September 11. Hurricane Six dissipated over Baja California about 10 hours later. Since Four was expected to bring high waves and rough seas to Southern California, all marine operates and other interests in the region were alerted.
Tropical Storm Five
The fifth tropical storm was observed offshore of Mexico, on September 17. Tropical Storm Five had no change in intensity past a 50 mph (85 km/h) tropical storm, similar to Tropical Storms One, Two, and Three. While paralleling the coast of Mexico, Tropical Storm Five passed only 75 mi (120 km) southwest of Manzanillo. The tropical storm curved northwestward on September 18, and headed out to sea. The system dissipated 135 mi (215 km) west-southwest of Islas Marías on September 19.
Unnumbered tropical depression
In addition to the six tropical cyclones in the basin, another system September 27, although it was not included with the records in the East Pacific, the storm had been listed as Hurricane Ten in the Atlantic basin. Forming south of El Salvador, the tropical depression traveled slowly north. Failing to intensify past a beyond depression status, the system made landfall near the border of Guatemala and El Salvador on September 28. Moving inland, the storm did not weaken as it crossed through Guatemala and Mexico. The system quickly strengthened once over the Bay of Campeche, becoming a tropical storm. After entering the bay, the storm intensified into a hurricane, and eventually made landfall in Texas as a Category 2 hurricane. This hurricane was the first officially recorded Atlantic-Pacific crossover tropical cyclone. Overall, monetary losses totaled $10 million (1949 USD) and two deaths were attributed to the storm.
Hurricane Six
A tropical depression was first observed 300 mi (485 km) southeast of Socorro Island on September 29. The depression rapidly intensified, and was a Category 1 hurricane only twelve hours after being first observed. Peaking as an 85 mph (140 km/h) Category 1 hurricane, Hurricane Six tied Hurricane Four as the strongest tropical cyclone of the season. After reaching its peak intensity, Hurricane Six rapidly weakened, and passed 70 mi (125 km) southeast of Socorro Island with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). Further weakening occurred, and the storm had dissipated on September 30.
See also
List of Pacific hurricanes
1949 Atlantic hurricane season
1949 Pacific typhoon season
1949 North Indian Ocean cyclone season
Australian region cyclone seasons: 1948–49 1949–50
South Pacific cyclone seasons: 1948–49 1949–50
South-West Indian Ocean cyclone seasons: 1948–49 1949–50
References
1940s Pacific hurricane seasons
Pacific hurricane seasons
The Silverbulletday Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually each January at Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana. A race for three-year-old fillies, it is contested on dirt over a distance of miles.
Previously known as the Tiffany Lass Stakes, it was renamed in 2011 to honor U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Silverbulletday.
Records
Speed record:
1-70 yds. - 1:42.34 – Believe You Can (2012)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 - John Velazquez (1998, 2003 & 2005)
Most wins by a trainer:
4 - D. Wayne Lukas (1984, 1986, 1989 & 1995)
Winners of the Silverbulletday Stakes since 2009
See also
Road to the Kentucky Oaks
References
Fair Grounds Race Course
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Horse races in New Orleans
Horse racing
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
1982 establishments in Louisiana
Shrikrishna Gopalrao Dani is a professor of mathematics at the Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences, Mumbai who works in the broad area of ergodic theory.
Education
They did a Masters from the University of Mumbai in 1969. They then joined the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai for a PhD which they were awarded in 1975. After that, they joined TIFR as a faculty member. After TIFR, they were the Chair Professor at the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. They were a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study during 1976-77 and 1983-84.
Administration
They have been a member of the NBHM since 1996 and was the Chairman of the NBHM.  They are also the
Chairman, Commission for Development and Exchange (CDE) of International Mathematical Union, for the period 2007‐10.
They have served as Editor of Proceedings (Math. Sci.) of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore for many years since 1987.
Awards and recognition
Dani was awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize in 1990. They gave an invited talk at the International Congress of Mathematicians held in Zurich, Switzerland in 1994. They received the World Academy of Sciences prize in 2007.
See also
List of Indian mathematicians
References
External links
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Living people
1947 births
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
Fellows of The National Academy of Sciences, India
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research alumni
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
People from Belgaum
Scientists from Karnataka
Ergodic theory
TWAS laureates
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Mathematical Science
Naidan Namzhil (; 5 March 1914 – unknown) was a Mongolian chess player, Mongolian Chess Championship winner (1959).
Biography
In the 1950s Naidan Namzhil was one of Mongolian leading chess players. In 1959 they won Mongolian Chess Championship.
Naidan Namzhil played for Mongolia in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1956, at second reserve board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+0, =1, -1).
In 1960, at first board in the 14th Chess Olympiad in Leipzig (+1, =2, -9),
In 1962, at second reserve board in the 15th Chess Olympiad in Varna (+0, =0, -1),
In 1964, at second reserve board in the 16th Chess Olympiad in Tel Aviv (+0, =0, -1).
References
External links
Namzhil chess games at 365chess.com
Year of death missing
Mongolian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
This is the electoral history of Eric Garcetti, the 42nd and current Mayor of Los Angeles. They were previously a member of the Los Angeles City Council for the 13th district.
City Council
Mayor of Los Angeles
2013
2017
References
Garcetti, Eric
Eric Garcetti
55 West, commonly referenced as, simply, 55 W, is an apartment tower in Downtown Orlando. The building overlooks Church Street Station, and stands next to the Suntrust Center. Built in 2009, the building is the fifth-tallest building in downtown
Details
The building has a slanted almost "house-like" roof compared with traditional, flat roofs found on many commercial buildings within the area. The top point is lit blue at night. This all makes the building a unique part of the skyline, especially at night.
The building's pool is elevated and overlooks central downtown. The pool has a tropical theme.
The building has multiple amenities and houses a convenience store and restaurant on the ground floor. The associated development across Church Street contains a piano bar and the Mad Cow Theatre complex.
In 2017 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT Mf 55 West LLC) purchased the building for $105,000,000 from TA Realty (Realty Associates Fund Ix Lp). The building is now managed by ZRS, Greystar managed the building for the previous owner.
References
External links
– Apartment leasing
– Resident portal
Residential skyscrapers in Florida
Skyscrapers in Orlando, Florida
Residential buildings completed in 2009
2009 establishments in Florida
Krasnotorka () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 54.70%
Russian 44.74%
Belarusian and Armenian 0.22%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Murder one usually refers to first-degree murder.
Murder One may also refer to:
Film and TV
Murder One, a 1988 biographical crime drama film.
Murder One (TV series), American legal serial broadcast on ABC in 1995–96
Murder 1 (film), first installment, in 2004, of Bollywood film series, Murder
Music
Murder One, album by Paul Di'Anno
Murder One (band), see Mob Rules (band)
Murder One, bass amplifier head blown up by Lemmy
Murder One Records Straight from the Streets Sean T.
Songs
"Murder One", song by 50 Cent from The Lost Tape (50 Cent album)
"Murder One", song by Metallica from Hardwired... to Self-Destruct
"Murder One", song by Sodom from In War and Pieces
Original name of "Every Heart Broken", a song on the Sugababes' album Catfights and Spotlights
"Murder 1", song by Y&R Mookey" by @shelove3x_"
Other
Murder One (bookshop), book store in London, open from 1988 to 2009
Heroin (slang)
Kendriya Vidyalaya Pattom (KV Pattom) is a school in Pattom, Thiruvananthapuram, India. It was established in 1964 as a civil sector school affiliated to CBSE.
KV Pattom runs with two shifts from Class I to Class XII, with a roll of 3500+ students and 100+ staff.
Description
The first shift (morning shift) at KV Pattom runs from 06.30 to 12.00 IST. It offers science, commerce and humanities streams for 10th to 12th grade students.
The second shift (afternoon shift) runs from 12.00 to 18.00 IST. It offers science and commerce streams.
KV Pattom celebrated its golden jubilee year in 2014.
History
In 1964, the Government of Kerala donated five acres to build KV Pattom In 1968, the buildings were completed In 1969 the first group of Higher Secondary Students (Class XI) completed their courses.
In 1977, KV Pattom started a "10+2" system started. In 1982 a new science block was opened.
In 1996, KV Pattom was declared as a Model KV. In 1998, the primary block was inaugurated. On 10 September 2004, the second shift was introduced.
In April 2008, KV Pattom inaugurated a fully automated library. In 2009 the school won the KVS-Intel Technology in Education Award for Schools. In 2010, the Online Academic Social Networking Project Library Junction won the NCERT National Innovation and Experimentation Award.
KV Pattom was ranked as the Best Govt Day School in the country by Education World in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2020.
In August 2021 the librarian, S L Faisal, was awarded the National Teacher's Award, which is one of the most prestigious and coveted recognition given to the meritorious teachers in primary, middle, and secondary schools in India, for their services in redesigning the concept of school libraries and enabling the students to acquire skills through innovative learning programs.
The 2019-20 Batch is considered by far the best batch in history of Kendriya Vidyalaya. It's the last batch to receive excursion organised by the school and it's also the last batch to attend school before COVID.
Alumni
Prof (DR).G. Mohan Gopal ( Director, RGICS)
T. P. Sitaraman IFS
Sashi Warrier (writer)
Dr. Uma Sivaraman (DC, KVS)
Dr. Jayathilak IAS
Dr. Ciji Thomas IAS
Dr. Manish Valiyathan
Keerthy Suresh (Actor),
Nikhil IAS
Thushara G S Pillai (Scientist)
Giri Sankar S (PWOLI)
Ganesh Mani (1972–78, on the rolls as M. Ganesh; https://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/ganeshm/)
References
External links
RGICS
Educational institutions established in 1964
Kendriya Vidyalayas in Kerala
1964 establishments in Kerala
High schools and secondary schools in Thiruvananthapuram
Lycium chinense is one of two species of boxthorn shrub in the family Solanaceae. Along with Lycium barbarum, it produces the goji berry ("wolfberry"). Two varieties are recognized, L. chinense var. chinense and L. chinense var. potaninii. It is also known as Chinese boxthorn, Chinese matrimony-vine, Chinese teaplant, Chinese wolfberry, wolfberry, and Chinese desert-thorn.
Description
Wolfberry species are deciduous woody shrubs, growing high, somewhat shorter than L. barbarum. The stems are highly branched. Branches are pale gray, slender, curved or pendulous, with thorns long.
Leaves
Lycium chinense leaves form on the shoot either solitary in an alternating arrangement or in bundles of 2 to 4. Their shape may be ovate, rombic, lanceolate, or linear-lanceolate, usually long and wide (but up to long and wide in cultivated plants).
Flowers
The flowers grow in groups of one to three in the leaf axils, with pedicels long. The bell-shaped or tubular calyx (eventually ruptured by the growing berry) splits halfway into short, triangular, densely ciliate lobes. The corollae is a tube that splits into lavender or light purple petals, wide with five or six lobes longer than the tube, with short hairs at the edge. The stamens are structured with filaments longer than the anthers, slightly shorter or longer than the corolla, with a villous ring slightly above the base and the adjacent corolla tube. The anthers are longitudinally dehiscent.
Fruit and seeds
Lycium chinense produces a bright orange-red berry, whose shape is ovoid or oblong, long and 5 to 8 mm wide (but up to long and wide in cultivation). It contains compressed yellow seeds, from 2.5 to 3 mm wide, with a curved embryo; their number varies widely based on cultivar and fruit size, from 10 to 60. The berries ripen from July to October in the Northern Hemisphere.
Disease
It can be parasitized by the oomycete species Peronospora lycii.
Use
The fruits may be infused with hot water to make goji tea. The plant has been used for centuries in traditional Chinese medicine for treating various disorders, although there is no high-quality clinical evidence that consuming it has any effect on health or disease.
Chemistry
The fruit composition is similar to that of L. barbarum, with polysaccharides, carotenoids and flavonoids as main constituents. Rutin is a prominent flavonoid, while the main carotenoid is zeaxanthin dipalmitate (49% of the carotenoid fraction), with β-carotene, two cerebrosides, and three pyrrole derivatives as other constituents.
Dozens of secondary metabolites have been isolated and identified from the roots, root bark, and leaves, including cyclic peptides, alkaloids, and flavonoids. Citric acid is the major nonvolatile organic acid in the leaves followed by oxalic acid.
Gallery
See also
List of culinary fruits
List of dried foods
References
External links
United States Department of Agriculture
chinense
Edible Solanaceae
Medicinal plants
Dried fruit
Herbs
Leaf vegetables
Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine
Geography of Ningxia
Taxa named by Philip Miller
Xihui Park is a key state park of China located west of Wuxi in eastern China's Jiangsu province. It was established in 1958 and commands historically famous views overlooking the city, the adjacent Grand Canal, and nearby Lake Tai. Its grounds include the Jichang Garden, the Second Spring under Heaven, the Dragon Light Pagoda, and a cable car connecting the park to the summit of Mount Hui.
Local legend purports that Xishan was once visited by the emperor Shi Huangdi.
Name
The park is named for Mount Xi (t , s , Xīshān, lit. "Tin Hill") on its grounds and for nearby Mount Hui (lit. "Kindhearted Hill"), which is administered separately as the Huishan National Forest Park.
Features
Garden
Jichang Garden is a famous traditional Chinese garden.
Spring
The Second Spring under Heaven was the inspiration for the blind erhu player Abing's most famous composition, the Erquan Yingyue.
Pagoda
Dragon Light Pagoda (t , s , Lóngguāng Tǎ) is a seven-story brick-and-wood octagonal pagoda located at the crest of Xishan. It commands a traditional scenic view of nearby Lake Tai and the Grand Canal running through Wuxi, but a cable car between Xihui Park and the crest of Mount Hui (elev. ) now offers a higher vantage point.
Constructed as a temple during the Ming dynasty, the original pagoda burnt during the Qing and was subsequently rebuilt. The pagoda's grounds were used as a "beggar's refuge" for the housing and training of Wuxi's indigent poor during the Republican period. As the city is named for the hill it stands on, the pagoda is sometimes used as a symbol of Wuxi.
References
Parks in Wuxi
Tourist attractions in Jiangsu
Kåfjorden, Gáivuotna or Kaivuono is a fjord in the municipality of Gáivuotna-Kåfjord-Kaivuono in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The long fjord is a branch off the main Lyngen fjord stretching further inland to the village of Birtavarre. The European route E06 highway runs around the entire fjord.
See also
List of Norwegian fjords
References
Fjords of Troms og Finnmark
Gáivuotna–Kåfjord
Majdabad-e Now (, also Romanized as Majdābād-e Now; also known as Majābād, Mujdābād, and Mujdābād Nau) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Hon. Justice Sobhitha Rajakaruna (also known as R.M. Sobhitha Rajakaruna) is a sitting Judge of the Court of Appeal of Sri Lanka who was appointed by the President Gotabaya Rajapaksa.
Sobitha was educated at Nalanda College, Colombo and was the Head Prefect in 1985/86.  They are a graduate of University of Colombo, Sri Lanka Law College and National University of Singapore.
References
New Appellate Court Judge sworn in
Rajakaruna sworn in as Appeal Court Judge
Gihan Pilapitiya's writ petition to be taken up on May 4
New Nalanda ‘85 Group Office-bearers
Sinhalese judges
Sinhalese lawyers
20th-century Sri Lankan people
21st-century Sri Lankan people
Alumni of Sri Lanka Law College
Alumni of Nalanda College, Colombo
Living people
Court of Appeal of Sri Lanka judges
Year of birth missing (living people)
Emina Torlak is an American computer scientist and software engineer whose research concerns software verification, program synthesis, and the integration of these techniques into domain-specific languages.  They are an associate professor of computer science at the University of Washington, and a senior principal scientist for Amazon Web Services.
Education and career
Torlak was educated in computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning a bachelor's degree in 2003, a master's degree in 2004, and completing their Ph.D. in 2009. Them dissertation, A constraint solver for software engineering: finding models and cores of large relational specifications, was supervised by Daniel Jackson.
They worked as a researcher for IBM Research, LogicBlox, and the University of California, Berkeley from 2008 to 2014, before becoming an assistant professor at the University of Washington in 2014. They were promoted to associate professor in 2018, and added an affiliation with Amazon Web Services in 2021.
Recognition
Torlak was 2016 winner of the Junior Dahl–Nygaard Prize, "for their work on developing tools and methodologies to help build better software more easily". They were the 2021 winner of the ACM SIGPLAN Robin Milner Young Researcher Award, recognizing them as "a leader in the area of automated verification".
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American computer scientists
American women computer scientists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
University of Washington faculty
60558 Echeclus is a centaur, approximately in diameter, located in the outer Solar System. It was discovered by Spacewatch in 2000 and initially classified as a minor planet with provisional designation (also written 2000 EC98). Research in 2001 by Rousselot and Petit at the Besançon observatory in France indicated that it was not a comet, but in December 2005 a cometary coma was detected. In early 2006 the Committee on Small Bodies Nomenclature (CSBN) gave it the cometary designation 174P/Echeclus. It last came to perihelion in April 2015, and was expected to reach about apparent magnitude 16.7 near opposition in September 2015.
Name
Echeclus is a centaur in Greek mythology.
60558 Echeclus is only the second comet (after Chiron) that was named as a minor planet, rather than after the name of its discoverer. Chiron is also a centaur; other centaurs are being observed for signs of a cometary coma.
Besides Echeclus, eight other objects are cross-listed as both comets and numbered minor planets: 2060 Chiron (95P/Chiron), 4015 Wilson–Harrington (107P/Wilson–Harrington), 7968 Elst–Pizarro (133P/Elst–Pizarro), 118401 LINEAR (176P/LINEAR), (282P/2003 BM80), (288P/2006 VW139), (362P/2008 GO98), and (433P/2005 QN173).
Chunk
On 30 December 2005, when 13.1 AU from the Sun, a large chunk of Echeclus was observed to break off, causing a great cloud of dust. Astronomers have speculated this could have been caused by an impact or by an explosive release of volatile substances.
Outbursts
Echeclus appears to have outburst again around June 2011 when it was 8.5 AU from the Sun. On 24 June 2011, follow-up imaging with the 2 meter Haleakala-Faulkes Telescope South showed the coma of Echeclus to be very close to the sky background limit.
Echeclus outburst again around 7 December 2017 when it was 7.3 AU from the Sun, and was 4 magnitudes brighter than expected.
Presence of gas
In 2016, carbon monoxide was detected in Echeclus in very small amounts, and the derived CO production rate was calculated to be sufficient to account for the observed coma. The calculated CO production rate from Echeclus is substantially lower than what is typically observed for 29P/Schwassmann–Wachmann, another distantly active comet often classified as a centaur.
Orbit
Echeclus came to perihelion in April 2015.
Centaurs have short dynamical lives due to strong interactions with the giant planets. Echeclus is estimated to have an orbital half-life of about 610,000 years.
See also
References
External links
Elements and Ephemeris for 174P/Echeclus (IAU Minor Planet Center)
BAA Comet Section : Comets discovered in 2006
60558 - 0174P/ Echeclus (2011 June 8)
Comet 174P Echeclus chased by Asteroid 2716 Tuulikki (Animation by Joseph Brimacombe on 30 May 2011)
Comet 174P/ Echeclus during its 2016 outburst (Virtual Telescope Project)
Centaurs (small Solar System bodies)
060558
0174
060558
Minor planets named from Greek mythology
Named minor planets
20000303
The Crystal River National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) System, located in Kings Bay, in the town of Crystal River, and consists of 20 islands and several small parcels of land. The refuge (only accessible by boat) was established in 1983, to protect the West Indian manatee.
Management
The Crystal River NWR administration was changed from the Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge Complex to the Crystal River Complex headquartered in Crystal River, Florida. The complex manages Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge, Crystal River Preserve State Park, as well as the three 'Tampa Bay Refuges'; Egmont Key NWR, Passage Key NWR, and the Pinellas NWR.
References
External links
Crystal River National Wildlife Refuge
Protected areas of Citrus County, Florida
National Wildlife Refuges in Florida
Protected areas established in 1983
Glaphyrina plicata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae.
Distribution
This species is endemic to the northern part of the North Island of New Zealand. It is found in waters of about 80 m.
The shell height is up to 44.5 mm, and width up to 19.5 mm.
References
Powell A W B, New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Powell A.W.B. (1929) The Recent and Tertiary species of the genus Buccinulum in New Zealand, with a review of related genera and families. Transactions of the New Zealand Institute 60: 57-101, pls 1-4. [Published 31 May 1929]
page(s): 97
Beu, A.G. (1965) Lower Pleistocene Mollusca from Devil's Elbow, Hawke's Bay. Transactions of the Royal Society of New Zealand, Geology, 3, 139–149.
Spencer, H.G., Marshall, B.A. & Willan, R.C. (2009). Checklist of New Zealand living Mollusca. Pp 196-219. in: Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. Pp 232-254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
Fasciolariidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1929
Angela Lanza may refer to:
Angela Lanza (singer), American singer
Tae Hyun-sil (born November 11, 1941) is a South Korean actor. Tae was born in Songjin, North Hamgyong province, Korea in 1941. While studying Film at Dongguk University, they were selected as a TV actor in a public recruit held by KBS. While preparing to star for a drama series, Tae was offered to be an exclusive actor of Shin Film established by Shin Sang-ok. Tae's debut film is Beautiful Shroud directed by Lee Hyeong-pyo in 1962. With the film, they won New Actress from the 1963 Buil Awards. Since their debut as an actor, Tae has starred in about 300 films. 250 films were shot during 7 years, and were mostly roles in depicting a cheerful university student or cute daughter characters. Tae married business person Kim Cheol-hwan in 1968.
They resumed their acting career by starring in a daily soap opera Jangmi-ui geori.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
Awards
1964 the 2nd Blue Dragon Film Awards : Favorite Actress
1976 the 15th Grand Bell Awards : Best Supporting Actress for (원산공작)
1977 the 13th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best Film Actress for (아내)
References
External links
1941 births
South Korean actores
Dongguk University alumni
Living people
People from Kimchaek
Best Actress Paeksang Arts Award (film) winners
Whitehill Wood is a wood and megalithic stone circle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located off the B9025 road between Aberchirder and Turriff and between the hamlets of Bogton and Laithers. It is one of the Aberdeenshire circles, which according to Sir Norman Lockyer were built around 1200 BC. However, Historic Environment Scotland describes it as 4500 years old. it is protected as a scheduled monument.
References
Whitehill Stone Circle
Archaeological sites in Aberdeenshire
Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Aberdeenshire
This is a list of villages in Sahdei Buzurg block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Sahdei Buzurg
Admiral Lee may refer to:
Fitzhugh Lee III (1905−1992), American vice admiral
FitzRoy Henry Lee (1699−1750), British vice admiral
Kent Lee (1923−2017), American vice admiral
Phillip Lee Jr., American chaplain and rear admiral
Richard Lee (Royal Navy officer) (1765−1837), British admiral
Robert C. Lee (1888−1971), rear admiral
Samuel Phillips Lee (1812−1897), American rear admiral
Willis Augustus Lee (1888−1945), American vice admiral
Lee Chung-wei, Taiwanese vice admiral
Lee Hsi-ming, Taiwanese admiral
Lee Jye, Taiwanese admiral
John Lee-Barber (1905−1995), British rear admiral
Charles Vaughan-Lee (1867−1928), British rear admiral
Theodore Ernest Ferris (August 17, 1872May 30, 1953) was a naval architect and engineer responsible for the "Ferris Designs" used by the US Emergency Fleet Corporation, of the United States Shipping Board, during World War I.
Early life
Ferris was born in Stamford, Connecticut, the son of Nathaniel Betts and Louise (Keeler) Ferris. They were educated in Stamford and later at the Greenwich Academy, where they took a technical training course. After a period of employment at shipyards on Long Island, they joined the Townsend-Downey Company on Shooters Island and later the firm of Cary Smith & Ferris.
Emergency Fleet Corporation
In 1917, the Emergency Fleet Corporation (EFC) was established by the United States Shipping Board under General Goethals with Ferris as chief architect. Their 3,500 deadweight ton Design 1001 ship (known as the "Ferris Design") wooden steamship became the model for the EFC, of which 63 were subsequently built. They also invented a system of steel strapping for fixing the frames of their ships.
Personal life
Ferris married Lois Davis on August25, 1912. They had two children, Nathaniel James and Theodore Louis Ferris.
They died in Wallington, New Jersey, on May 30, 1953.
Legacy
In their obituary, The New York Times repeated an estimate that US shipyards built over 1,800 ships to their designs.
The 55-meter schooner Shenandoah (1902) is still sailing today.
Works
References
External links
The Ferris wooden cargo ships of World War I
1872 births
1953 deaths
Engineers from Connecticut
American naval architects
People from Stamford, Connecticut
20th-century American engineers
Luigi Bonazzi is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who works in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. They have been the apostolic nuncio to Albania since December 2020. They were the apostolic nuncio to Canada from December 2013 to December 2020.
Biography
Luigi Bonazzi was born on 19 June 1948 in Gazzaniga, Italy. They were ordained a priest on 30 June 1973. They hold a Doctorate in Educational Sciences from the Salesian Pontifical University (Rome), and a Licence in Theology and in Canon Law from the Lateran Pontifical University (Rome).
They entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 25 March 1980. They served in the diplomatic missions of the Holy See in Cameroon (1980-83), Trinidad and Tobago (1983-86), Malta (1986-89), Mozambique, Spain (1991-94), the United States (1994-96), and Italy (1986-99).
On 19 June 1999, Pope John Paul II appointed them titular Archbishop of Atella and Apostolic Nuncio to Haiti. They were consecrated a bishop in Bergamo Cathedral on 26 August 1999 by Cardinal Angelo Sodano. John Paul named them Nuncio to Cuba on 30 March 2004.
On 14 March 2009, Pope Benedict XVI named Bonazzi Nuncio to Lithuania and Estonia. They were named Nuncio to Latvia as well on 25 March.
Pope Francis appointed them Nuncio to Canada on 18 December 2013. On 22 February 2019, a Canadian man, Christian Vachon, charged that Bonazzi's predecessor as nuncio, Luigi Ventura, had touched them improperly in July 2008 when they were 32. Vachon said Bonazzi called them the day they registered their complaint to discuss it.
On 10 December 2020, Pope Francis named them Apostolic Nuncio to Albania.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Luigi Bonazzi
1948 births
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Living people
Clergy from the Province of Bergamo
Pontifical Lateran University alumni
Salesian Pontifical University alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to Haiti
Apostolic Nuncios to Cuba
Apostolic Nuncios to Estonia
Apostolic Nuncios to Latvia
Apostolic Nuncios to Lithuania
Apostolic Nuncios to Canada
Apostolic Nuncios to Albania
People from Gazzaniga
Galomaro is a sector in the Bafata Region of Guinea-Bissau.
Bafatá Region
Sectors of Guinea-Bissau
Populated places in Guinea-Bissau
Takeo Kurusu (栗栖赳夫; 1895–1966) was a politician in Japan's Democratic Party. They served in various political and government offices, including the minister of finance in the cabinet led by Prime Minister Tetsu Katayama.
Biography
Kurusu was part of the Democratic Party and served as a member of the upper house. They were the minister of finance in the cabinet led by Prime Minister Tetsu Katayama. They also served as a minister without portfolio in the cabinet of Prime Minister Hitoshi Ashida and acted as the director of the economic planning board. While serving in the office they were arrested on 30 September 1948 together with many other senior Japanese politicians due to their alleged involvement in a bribery scandal in relation to the Showa Electric Company. The trials lasted until 1962, and Kurusu was one of three people who was found guilty and was sentenced to eight months in prison.
References
External links
20th-century Japanese politicians
1895 births
1966 deaths
Ministers of Finance of Japan
Members of the House of Peers (Japan)
Japanese politicians convicted of corruption
Democratic Party (Japan, 1947) politicians
Soyuz MS-04 was a Soyuz spaceflight that launched on 20 April 2017 to the ISS. It transported two members of the Expedition 52 crew to the International Space Station. Soyuz MS-04 was the 133rd flight of a Soyuz spacecraft. The crew consisted of a Russian commander and an American flight engineer. It was the first of the Soyuz MS series to rendezvous with the Station in approximately 6 hours, instead of the 2 day orbital rendezvous used for the previous launches. It was also the first Soyuz to launch with only 2 crew members since Soyuz TMA-2.
Crew
Backup crew
Due to a decision to cut down the number of participating Russian astronauts in 2017, only two astronauts were launched on Soyuz MS-04. Originally set to include 3 people, the crew assignments were changed in November 2016 by NASA and Roscosmos.
Original crew
Alexander Misurkin and Mark T. Vande Hei were reassigned to Soyuz MS-06 and served as part of Expedition 53/54, Nikolai Tikhonov was reassigned to Soyuz MS-10 to serve as part of Expedition 57/58 although was also pulled of that mission due to the same budget cuts.
References
External links
Crewed Soyuz missions
Spacecraft launched in 2017
2017 in Russia
Spacecraft launched by Soyuz-FG rockets
Spacecraft which reentered in 2017
The Serie B 1950–51 was the nineteenth tournament of this competition played in Italy since its creation.
Teams
Seregno, Treviso, Ancona and Messina had been promoted from Serie C, while Bari and Venezia had been relegated from Serie A.
Events
A provisional fifth relegation was added to reduce the league.
Final classification
Results
References and sources
Almanacco Illustrato del Calcio - La Storia 1898-2004, Panini Edizioni, Modena, September 2005
See also
1950–51 Serie A
Serie B seasons
2
Italy
Patrick Baum (born 23 June 1987 in Worms, Germany) is a male table tennis player from Germany. They won the singles title at the 2005 World Junior Table Tennis Championships. Since 2008, they have won several medals in singles and team events in the World Table Tennis Championships, in the Table Tennis World Cup, and in the Table Tennis European Championships. In 2013, they defeated Dimitrij Ovtcharov in the round of 16 in the 2013 World Table Tennis Championships but was defeated by eventual champion Zhang Jike in the quarterfinals 4–1.
See also
List of table tennis players
References
1987 births
Living people
German male table tennis players
Table tennis players at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Germany
People from Worms, Germany
Sportspeople from Rhineland-Palatinate
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 280, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Sfissifa (Arabic: صفيصيفة) is a municipality in Naâma Province, Algeria. It is coextensive with the district of Sfissifa and has a population of 2,633, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 45220 and its municipal code is 4505.
Communes of Naâma Province
Kahrizak Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Kahrizak District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 35,213, in 8,500 families. The rural district has 42 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Ray County, Iran
Peter Darwin Goddard (born July 13, 1943 - March 24, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario) was a Canadian music journalist.
History
Peter Goddard was a pupil of Margaret Butler (piano) at The Royal Conservatory of Music and of Mieczyslaw Kolinski (musicology) and Gustav Ciamaga (electronic music) at the University of Toronto. Goddard played piano in a succession of Toronto rock groups, then began their career as a journalist in 1966 concurrently with studying music. They obtained Bachelor and Master degrees in music in 1967 and 1971, respectively.
From 1966 to 1988, Goddard held positions as the pop music critic for The Globe and Mail(1966-67) the Toronto Telegram(1968-71) and the Toronto Star(1972-88). They received the 1972 Juno Award as Journalist of The Year.
Goddard maintained an ongoing association with the Toronto Star, for which they continued to write in other editorial capacities.
Goddard also has written for many magazines (Maclean's, Saturday Night, RPM, Canadian Composer, etc) and is the author of the biography Frank Sinatra (Don Mills, Ont, 1973) and the novel The Sounding (Toronto 1988), and co-author with Ronnie Hawkins of Ronnie Hawkins: Last of the Good Old Boys (Toronto 1989). With the Toronto photographer Philip Kamin, Goddard collaborated on 10 books, published 1982-6 in Toronto, documenting concert tours during the early and mid-1980s by the Rolling Stones, the Who, David Bowie, Duran Duran, Genesis, Michael Jackson, the Police, Van Halen, the Cars, and Cyndi Lauper. Goddard also edited The Video Hits Book (Toronto 1986, for the CBC-TV series 'Video Hits') and with Kamin co-edited the collection of essays Shakin' All Over: The Rock 'N' Roll Years in Canada (Toronto 1989).
Goddard passed away on March 24, 2022.
Publications
Non-Fiction
1989 Ronnie Hawkins - Last of The Good Ol' Boys (with Ronnie Hawkins) (Stoddart)
1989 Shakin' All Over: The Rock 'n' Roll Years in Canada (with Philip Kamin, as co-editor) (McGraw-Hill)
1986 The Video Hits Book (with Philip Kamin) (CBC Enterprises)
1986 The Cars (with Philip Kamin) (McGraw-Hill)
1986 Triumph: The Book (with Philip Kamin) (Goddard and Kamin Publishing)
1986 Cyndi Lauper (with Philip Kamin) (McGraw-Hill)
1984 Michael Jackson & The Jacksons Live On Tour In '84 (with Philip Kamin) (St. Martin's Press)
1984 Van Halen (with Philip Kamin) (Stoddart)
1984 Duran Duran Live (with Philip Kamin) (St. Martin's Press)
1984 Genesis: Peter Gabriel, Phil Collins and Beyond (with Philip Kamin; introduction by Phil Collins) (Beaufort)
1984 The Police Chronicles (with Philip Kamin) (Musson)
1984 Springsteen Live (with Philip Kamin) (Stoddart)
1983 David Bowie - Out of The Cool (with Philip Kamin) (Beaufort)
1983 The Who - The Farewell Tour (with Philip Kamin) (Musson)
1982 The Rolling Stones: The Last Tour (with Philip Kamin) (Olympia)
1973 Frank Sinatra - The Man, The Myth and The Music (Greywood)
2017 The Great Gould (Dundurn Press)
Fiction
1989 The Sounding (General Publishing)
References
1943 births
Living people
Canadian male journalists
Journalists from Toronto
Miguel Ángel García de la Herrán, best known as Miguel Herrán, is a Spanish actor.  They are known for playing lead roles in series Élite and Money Heist. In 2016, they won the Goya Award for Best New Actor for their role in the film Nothing in Return.
Career
A chance encounter with actor and director Daniel Guzmán in the streets of Malaga led to Herrán auditioning for the role of Darío in the film Nothing in Return, which they won a Goya award for in 2016.
In 2017, they were cast as Aníbal Cortés (codename 'Río') in the Antena 3 series Money Heist, which was later picked up by Netflix. In 2018, they starred as Christian Varela in the Netflix original series Élite.
Herrán also acted in an advertisement for the Indian music streaming platform Gaana.
Filmography
Movies
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
People from Málaga
Spanish male film actors
Male actors from Andalusia
Spanish male television actors
21st-century Spanish male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
A helpline, (or switchboard), is a telephone service which offers help to those who call. Many helpline services now offer more than telephone support - offering access to information, advice or customer service via telephone, email, web or SMS.
The word hotline is also sometimes used to refer to a helpline.
A helpline can provide emotional support to a person in distress in its minimalistic form. It may help the individual.
Services include:
user assistance, for example computer software support
telephone counseling, medical hotlines, insolvency hotlines, crisis hotlines and many other types of hotlines.
See also
Telephone counseling
Hotline
Single Non-Emergency Number
Emergency telephone number
References
External links
Helpline Database
Information by telephone
Counseling
Minjavan () may refer to:
Minjavan District
Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District
Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District
Phtheochroides clandestina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Pamir Mountains of Central Asia, in Japan and the Kuril Islands.
References
Moths described in 1968
Cochylini
Alessandro "Alex" Venturella is an English musician who is the current bassist for American heavy metal band Slipknot. They previously have served as a lead guitarist for Krokodil and Cry for Silence. Earlier in their career, they were the touring guitar tech for Mastodon's Brent Hinds, Coheed and Cambria, Architects, and Fightstar.
Slipknot
On 7 October 2014, frontman Corey Taylor of Slipknot was surprised by the fact that Venturella had been identified playing bass in a Slipknot video for the song "The Devil in I". Venturella's unique left-hand tattoo had been reported by Metal Chapel News, despite all the musicians wearing masks in the video. Taylor said of Venturella and the video's drummer, "They're not official band members yet, but they are people who play with the band... Time will tell whether or not they're, like, full members." On 25 and 26 October, Venturella performed with the band live for the first time at Knotfest 2014.
On 3 December 2014, Slipknot's former drum tech posted a photograph of a personnel list of the band on tour, showing that bassist Venturella and drummer Jay Weinberg were touring with the band. Venturella was eventually officially revealed to be the bassist by Jim Root in an interview with Ultimate-Guitar on 13 May 2015.
On 2 August 2015, Venturella had an unknown medical emergency for which they were rushed to the hospital during a show in Hartford, Connecticut. The following day, it was revealed that Venturella had suffered from dehydration during the show the previous night, and would be returning to the stage on 4 August 2015, in Mansfield, Massachusetts, where they performed backstage.
Personal life
Venturella married Lisa Graham on 13 July 2020.
Discography
with Cry for Silence
Through The Precious Words (2001)
The Longest Day (2004)
The Glorious Dead (2008)
with Krokodil
Shatter / Dead Man's Path Ltd. 7 (2014)
Nachash (2014)
with Slipknot
.5: The Gray Chapter (2014)
"All Out Life" (2018)
We Are Not Your Kind (2019)
The End, So Far (2022)
References
Living people
Alternative metal bass guitarists
Alternative metal guitarists
English heavy metal bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
English heavy metal guitarists
English people of Italian descent
Roadrunner Records artists
Slipknot (band) members
21st-century bass guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
James Barry (1689–1743) was an Irish politician.
They were a Member of Parliament (MP) for Dungarvan in the Irish House of Commons from 1713 to 1715 and again from 1721 to 1727. Between 1727 and 1743, they presented Rathcormack.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
1689 births
1743 deaths
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Waterford constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Cork constituencies
Soyuz MS-05 was a Soyuz spaceflight which launched on 28 July 2017. It transported three members of the Expedition 52 crew to the International Space Station. Soyuz MS-05 was the 134th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft. The crew consisted of a Russian commander, and a European and an American flight engineer. It returned to Earth on 14 December 2017 after 139 days on orbit.
Spacecraft
Soyuz MS introduces following upgrades: more efficient solar panels, the new Kurs-NA approach and docking system, which has a mass of less than half that of its predecessor, additional micro-meteoroid debris shielding, a modified docking and attitude control engine – which will add redundancy during docking and deorbit burns, a main computer, TsVM-101, which has a mass (8.3 kg) of only one-eighth that of its Argon-16 predecessor (70 kg) and a smaller volume, a unified digital command/telemetry system that allows telemetry to be transmitted via Luch relay satellites for control of the spacecraft as well as to provide crew with positioning data when the spacecraft is out of range of ground tracking stations and upgraded GLONASS / GPS and COSPAS-SARSAT satellite systems to provide more accurate location services during search/rescue operations after landing.
During the flight the spacecraft fulfills the following tasks: delivery of a visiting crew consisting of up to three persons and small accompanying cargoes, constant availability of the spacecraft, attached to the station during its crewed flight, in the standby mode to be ready for emergency descent of the main crew onto the ground in case of hazardous situation on the station, cosmonaut illness or injury, etc. (assured crew return vehicle function); planned descent of the visiting crew onto the ground, returning to the ground, together with the crew, payloads of relatively low mass and volume disposal of wastes from the station in the living compartment to be burned down in the atmosphere during descent.
Crew
Backup crew
References
Crewed Soyuz missions
Spacecraft launched in 2017
2017 in Russia
Spacecraft launched by Soyuz-FG rockets
Spacecraft which reentered in 2017
Fully civilian crewed orbital spaceflights
Cumtu Chin People (), one of the tribes of the Chin people, are native to Rakhine State: Myebon, Minbya, Ann and Kyauktaw townships - and some in Yangon Region. They are well educated and having high-profile jobs in the Myanmar government.
Demography
The native speakers of Cumtu language are around 14,000(2007 SIL). The total population of the Cumtu people are also around 14,000(2007 SIL). They are also known as Plain Chin, as they are living in the plains of Myanmar. Unlike other Chin clans, their main problem is communications among themselves due to distances between their villages, not the differences in their dialects.
Religion
Most of them (around 86% of Cumtu people) are Christian: Roman Catholic, Baptist and Protestant .
References
Mizo clans
Sílvio Manfredi (born 4 March 1964) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
The Rotuma myzomela (Myzomela chermesina) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to the island of Rotuma in the far north of Fiji.
Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests, secondary forest and coconut plantations. The species is tolerant of habitat loss but is listed as vulnerable due to its tiny range.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Rotuma myzomela
Endemic birds of Fiji
Rotuma myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jeep's SJ platform was part of the "FSJ" or full-size Jeep lineup. A "FSJ" is any vehicle produced in North America, carrying the "Jeep" nameplate, with 2 or 4 doors, in rear- or four-wheel drive, whose wheelbase does not exceed , nor is less than , and whose tread width is no more than nor less than .
This definition is known to include the following models:
1963–1991 Jeep Wagoneer (renamed the “Grand Wagoneer” in 1984)
1963–1988 Jeep Gladiator (renamed the “J” series in 1972)
1967–1969 Jeep M-715/724/725/726/6217 military versions
1974–1983 Jeep Cherokee
External links
SJ
"17 Again" is a song by British pop duo Eurythmics from their eighth studio album, Peace (1999). It was released as the album's second single on 10 January 2000. The lyrics to "17 Again" find the duo reminiscing about their long-standing career in pop music. The closing of "17 Again" contains an interpolation of 1983's "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)".
"17 Again" peaked at number 27 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the duo's 23rd UK Top 40 hit. In the United States, the single was serviced to adult contemporary radio outlets while promotional-only remixes were issued for nightclubs. "17 Again" became the first Eurythmics song to reach number one on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 1999 (U.S.)
List of Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play number ones of 2000
References
19 Recordings singles
1999 songs
2000 singles
Arista Records singles
Bertelsmann Music Group singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
The northern rosella (Platycercus venustus), formerly known as Brown's rosella or the smutty rosella, is a species of parrot native to northern Australia, ranging from the Gulf of Carpentaria and Arnhem Land to the Kimberley. It was described by Heinrich Kuhl in 1820, and two subspecies are recognised. The species is unusually coloured for a rosella, with a dark head and neck with pale cheeks—predominantly white in the subspecies from the Northern Territory and blue in the Western Australian subspecies hillii. The northern rosella's mantle and scapulars are black with fine yellow scallops, while its back, rump and underparts are pale yellow with fine black scallops. The long tail is blue-green, and the wings are black and blue-violet. The sexes have similar plumage, while females and younger birds are generally duller with occasional spots of red.
Found in woodland and open savanna country, the northern rosella is predominantly herbivorous, consuming seeds, particularly of grasses and eucalypts, as well as flowers and berries, but it may also eat insects. Nesting takes place in tree hollows. Although uncommon, the northern rosella is rated as least concern on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)'s Red List of Threatened Species.
Taxonomy and naming
The northern rosella was first described as Psittacus venustus by German naturalist Heinrich Kuhl in 1820. The description was based on an illustration by Ferdinand Bauer from a specimen collected by Robert Brown in February 1803, during Matthew Flinders' voyage around the Australian coastline. The specific epithet is derived from the Latin , meaning "charming, lovely or graceful". Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck published the name Psittacus brownii in honour of Brown in 1821, and Irish zoologist Nicholas Aylward Vigors transferred it (as P. brownii) to the genus Platycercus in 1827, describing it as the "most beautiful of the family". However, John Gould wrote in their 1865 work Handbook to the Birds of Australia that "Hitherto this bird has been known to ornithologists as Platycercus brownii, a specific appellation in honour of the celebrated botanist; but which, I regret to say, must give place to the prior one of venustus."
Gregory Mathews described the subspecies P. venustus hillii in 1910, collected by G.F. Hill from Napier Broome Bay in Western Australia. They noted that its cheeks had more blue and less white than the nominate subspecies. The Victoria River marks the border between this and the nominate subspecies. Animal taxonomist Arthur Cain treated the subspecies as synonymous to the nominate, as the only difference of which they knew was the colour of the cheeks, but conceded further evidence could prove them distinct. As well as the differences in cheek plumage, the two differ in that subspecies hillii has brighter yellow feathers on the breast and belly with thinner black edges, and a consistently longer and wider bill. A subspecies, P. venustus melvillensis from Melville Island, was described by Mathews in 1912, noting it to have blacker plumage on its back. It is now thought to be indistinguishable from the nominate subspecies.
"Northern rosella" has been designated the official English name by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC). Early names used include Brown's rosella, parrot or parakeet for its collector, with Brown's parakeet remaining a name used in aviculture in Europe and the United Kingdom, and smutty rosella, parrot or parakeet, from its dark plumage. Gould reported in 1848 that the latter was the local name used, and it was the most common name at the end of the 19th century. It was changed—possibly through bowdlerisation—to sooty parrot by the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) in 1913. Bulawirdwird and Djaddokorddokord are two names from the Kunwinjku language of the western Arnhem Land.
One of six species of rosella in the genus Platycercus, the northern rosella and related eastern (P. eximius) and pale-headed rosella (P. adscitus) make up a "white-cheeked" lineage. A 1987 genetic study on mitochondrial DNA by Ovenden and colleagues found that the northern rosella was the earliest offshoot (basal) of a lineage that gave rise to the other white-cheeked forms. But a study with nuclear DNA by Ashlee Shipham and colleagues published in 2017 found that the eastern rosella was basal to the lineage that split into the pale-headed and northern rosellas, and hence, that non-sister taxa were able to hybridise among the rosellas.
Description
Smaller than all rosella species except the western rosella, the adult northern rosella weighs and is long. It has broad wings with a wingspan of around , and a long tail with twelve feathers. The sexes are almost indistinguishable, though some adult females have duller plumage and are more likely to have some red feathers on the head and breast. The adult bird has a black forehead, crown, lores, ear coverts, upper neck and nape, a whitish throat and large cheek-patches, which are mainly white with violet lower borders in the nominate subspecies, and more blue with a narrow white upper segment in subspecies hillii. The feathers of the lower neck, mantle and scapulars are black narrowly fringed with yellow, giving a scalloped appearance, while the feathers of the back, rump, upper tail coverts and underparts are pale yellow with black borders and concealed grey bases. Those of the breast have very dark grey bases, occasionally tinged with red. The undertail covert feathers are red with black fringes. The feathers on the upper leg are pale yellow tinged with blue. The central rectrices of the long tail are dark green changing to dark blue at the tips, while the other feathers are dark blue with two bands of pale blue and white tips. The undertail is pale blue with a white tip. The wings have a wide purplish blue shoulder patch at rest, with the secondary feathers edged darker blue and the primaries black edged with blue. The beak is off-white with a grey cere, the legs and feet are grey, and the iris is dark brown. Immature birds resemble adults but are duller overall, with less-well defined cheek patches. The black plumage in particular is more greyish, and there are more likely to be scattered red feathers on the head, neck and underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The northern rosella is found across northern Australia. In Western Australia, it is found across the Kimberley south to the 18th parallel, around Derby, Windjana Gorge National Park, the northern Wunaamin Miliwundi Ranges, Springvale Station and Warmun, with vagrants reported at Halls Creek and Fitzroy Crossing. In the Northern Territory it is found from Victoria River north to the Tiwi Islands and east into western Arnhem Land, and across northern Arnhem Land through Milingimbi Island and the Wessel Islands to the Gove Peninsula. It is absent from central Arnhem Land, but is found further east around the western and southern coastline of the Gulf of Carpentaria, south to Borroloola and across the border into western Queensland as far as the Nicholson River.
The northern rosella lives in grassy open forests and woodlands, including deciduous eucalypt savanna woodlands. Typical trees include species of Eucalyptus, such as Darwin stringybark (Eucalyptus tetrodonta), Melaleuca, Callitris and Acacia. More specific habitats include vegetation along small creeks and gorges, sandstone outcrops and escarpments, as well as some forested offshore islands. The northern rosella is occasionally found in mangroves or public green spaces in suburban Darwin. It avoids dense forest.
Behaviour
Not a gregarious bird, the northern rosella is generally found alone or in pairs, although several birds perch together in the same tree. Sometimes they are encountered in larger troops—usually 6 to 8 birds, but in rare instances up to 15 individuals. It is shyer than other rosellas, and flees to the upper tree canopy if disturbed. It is a quieter and less vocal species than other rosellas, and its call repertoire has been little studied. It exhibits a sharp and short chit-chut chit-chut contact call in flight; while perched it makes a three-note whistle on ascending scale or metallic piping sounds. Soft chattering can be heard while feeding, and sometimes when squabbling at the beginning of breeding season.
Breeding
Nesting occurs in tree hollows in the Southern Hemisphere winter, often in eucalypts located near water. The clutch is anywhere from two to five white matte or slightly glossy eggs, measuring roughly 26 x 21 mm (1 x 0.8 in). The female incubates the eggs alone, over a period of 19 or 20 days. Newly hatched chicks are covered with long white down and are largely helpless (nidicolous). They may remain in the nest for seven weeks after hatching and are fed by both parents. Fledglings remain with their parents for a year or more, often feeding together in small family groups.
Feeding
The northern rosella feeds on the ground in grassy glades in woodlands and on roadsides and riverbanks, as well as in the canopy of trees. It eats seeds, particularly those of eucalypts, wattles, cypress (Callitris intratropica) and grasses. It eats both the seeds and nectar of white gum (Eucalyptus alba), Darwin stringybark, long-fruited bloodwood (Corymbia polycarpa), fibrebark (Melaleuca nervosa) and fern-leaved grevillea (Grevillea pteridifolia). It also eats flowers, such as those of Darwin woollybutt (Eucalyptus miniata), and fruit. It also eats larval and adult insects.
Predation and parasites
The northern rosella is a prey item of the rufous owl (Ninox rufa). The bird louse Forficuloecus wilsoni has been recovered from the northern rosella.
Conservation status
The northern rosella is listed as being a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), on account of its large range and stable population, with no evidence of any significant decline. Despite this, the northern rosella is an uncommon bird. Grazing by livestock and frequent burning of grassy woodland may have a negative impact on northern rosella numbers. Like most species of parrots, the northern rosella is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) with its placement on the Appendix II list of vulnerable species, which makes the import, export and trade of listed wild-caught animals illegal.
Aviculture
Most northern rosellas in captivity in Australia are the nominate subspecies, but there are blue-cheeked specimens that are either subspecies hillii or intermediate. Its attractive colours make it a desirable species to keep. In captivity in the Northern Hemisphere, the northern rosella has been reported to breed in the same calendar months as it does in its Southern Hemisphere native range. As it breeds early in the season, clutches laid in cooler months of cooler Australian states may fail. Breeders have attempted to use sprinklers in enclosures to induce pairs to breed at other times.
References
Citations
Cited texts
External links
northern rosella
Birds of the Northern Territory
Endemic birds of Australia
northern rosella
Taxa named by Heinrich Kuhl
Charles Edward "Chuck" Commiskey (born March 2, 1958 in Killeen, Texas) is a former American football guard and center who played for three seasons in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints from 1986–1988. They also played for three seasons in the United States Football League for the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars from 1983–1985. They were drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the ninth round of the 1981 NFL Draft. They played college football at Ole Miss.
College career
On August 15, 1978, Ole Miss Rebels football head coach Steve Sloan announced that Commiskey would be suspended for the entire 1978 season for disciplinary reasons.
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
Commiskey was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the ninth round of the 1981 NFL Draft. They were placed on injured reserve on August 25, 1981. They were waived on September 6, 1982.
Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars
After being released from the Eagles, Commiskey signed with the Philadelphia Stars of the United States Football League in 1983. In 1984, they were named to the USFL All-League Team. They played with the Stars until 1985 when the league folded. They were named second-team to the USFL All-Time Team.
New Orleans Saints
Commiskey was signed by the New Orleans Saints following the fold of the USFL in 1986. They were re-signed to a two-year contract on March 29, 1988.
References
1958 births
Living people
American football centers
American football offensive guards
Players of American football from Texas
Ole Miss Rebels football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars players
New Orleans Saints players
Sportspeople from Killeen, Texas
On 4 and 5 June 2021, insurgents attacked the Solhan and Tadaryat villages in the Yagha Province of Burkina Faso. The massacres left at least 174 people dead. Insurgents have been attacking the Sahel Region, along the border with Mali, since Islamists captured parts of Mali in 2013.
Attacks
In the evening of 4 June 2021, 13 civilians and a soldier were killed in an attack in the village of Tadaryat, located to the north of Solhan. The attackers also raided the community's motorbikes and cattle.
Hours later in the early morning of 5 June 2021, insurgents attacked Solhan village in Burkina Faso, killing at least 160 civilians, including 20 children, and wounding 40 others. Around 2 am, the attackers, mounted on around 20 motorcycles, targeted first the Volunteers for the Defense of the Homeland (VDP), an anti-jihadist civilian defense force, before they burned homes and a market. A nearby mine was also attacked, Solhan being a centre for gold mining. The attackers left around dawn, some three hours before police response forces arrived in the village. Upon leaving the village the attackers left a number of improvised explosive devices on the roads leading into the village. These were disarmed by engineers from the Burkinabé army in the following days.
The attacks are thought to have been the deadliest in Burkina Faso for five years. Many of the survivors fled to Sebba, the capital of Yagha province, some from Solhan. The dead from Solhan have been buried in three mass graves by local residents.
According to government spokesperson Ousseni Tamboura, the attack in Solhan was carried out primarily by child soldiers between the ages of 12 and 14.
Response
The government blamed terrorists for the attack; however no group has since claimed responsibility for the massacre. The president, Roch Kaboré, issued a statement of condolences about the attack stating; "I bow before the memory of the hundreds of civilians killed in this barbaric attack and extend my condolences to the families of the victims." Kaboré cancelled a planned trip to Lomé, Togo because of the incidents.
A 72-hour period of national mourning was declared by the government. Some women in the country planned to wear all white on 7 June 2021 as a mark of respect for those killed. The Burkinabé National Police have redeployed units in response to the massacres and in anticipation of further attacks.
António Guterres, secretary-general of the United Nations, who have thousands of peacekeepers stationed in the country, stated that they were "outraged" by the attacks. Pope Francis mentioned the Solhan massacre in their Angelus prayers and stated that Africa needs peace and not violence.
Jama'at Nasr al-Islam wal Muslimin denied responsibility for the attack and condemned it.
See also
List of terrorist incidents in 2021
References
2021 in Burkina Faso
2021 mass shootings in Africa
2021 murders in Burkina Faso
21st-century mass murder in Burkina Faso
June 2021 crimes in Africa
Massacres in 2021
Massacres in Burkina Faso
Terrorist incidents in Africa in 2021
Terrorist incidents in Burkina Faso
Yagha Province
Jihadist insurgency in Burkina Faso
Nungali, or (with a different prefix) Yilngali, is an Australian language which is believed to be extinct. It was spoken in the Northern Territory of Australia, around the upper Daly River. Its closest relative is the Jaminjung language.
It is the only Yirram language which has retained the original four-class system in nominals. The four classes are masculine, feminine, neuter and plants, and each of the classes have separate prefixes expressing the absolutive case, locative or ergative case, and the dative case.
The locative case is also productive when it comes to placenames. An example is Nyimarlanpurruni referring to the Timber Creek area, which consists of the neuter locative prefix nyi-, the word for "river gum", the plural marker -purru, and an additional marker of the neuter locative, -ni.
References
Yirram languages
Extinct languages of the Northern Territory
Languages extinct in the 2000s
Indigenous Australian languages in the Northern Territory
Nagat Ali (born 1975) is an Egyptian poet. They were born and raised in Cairo. They studied Arabic literature at university, and is working on a PhD dissertation on Naguib Mahfouz. The author of three books of poetry, they were named as one of the Beirut39 list of young Arab writers.
References
Egyptian poets
Egyptian women poets
1975 births
Living people
Female writers from Cairo
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Egyptian women writers
Moose milk is a traditional Canadian alcoholic mixed drink with roots in the historic celebratory events of the Canadian Armed Forces. It is also served at the levée, a New Year's Day celebration held all levels of the Canadian governmental administrations to honour the member of the armed forces, from the federal level to municipalities. The term was first recorded used to describe the cocktail in the 1915–1920.
Culture
The Royal Canadian Navy, Royal Canadian Air Force, and Canadian Army all claim as the originator of the drink.
Events or parties held in the Royal Canadian Navy serving moose milk, are known as "moosers". The navy also serves the drink on-board on Sundays while the ships are in port, the phrase "moose is loose" is used to refer to the presence of the drink at various locations (e.g. "The moose is loose in the main cafeteria").
Components
Moose milk is composed of five different classes of ingredients:
Spirit: typically a combination of Canadian whisky, vodka, or dark rum
Coffee beverage: Kahlúa and occasionally prepared coffee
Dairy: a combination of whole milk, cream, condensed milk, eggnog, or vanilla ice cream
Sweetener: maple syrup or sugar
Spice: nutmeg and occasionally cinnamon
Egg yolks are sometimes used directly or indirectly through eggnog or ice cream to prevent separation of the drink.
See also
Caribou: A mix of red wine, maple syrup, and Canadian whisky. Similar roots to moose milk.
References
External links
Canadian Army forum describing recipes for moose milk and others
Mixed drinks
Canadian alcoholic drinks
New Year in Canada
Canadian traditions
Overnight may refer to:
Film and broadcast media
Overnight (1985 film), a Canadian comedy film
Overnight (2003 film), 2003 documentary film
NBC News Overnight, an American late night newscast from the early 1980s
The Overnight, 2015 film
Overnights (radio show), an Australian overnight radio program broadcast on ABC Local Radio
Music
Overnight, 2016 EP by Jake Miller
"Overnight", single and title track of Overnight EP by Jake Miller
"Overnight", 1958 single by Jim Reeves
"Overnight" (Bee Gees song), 1987
"Overnight", 1964 single by Margie Bowes
"Overnight", 1981 single by Mike Holoway
Overnight (album)
Other
'Overnight', informal term for the overnight rate interest rate, which large banks use to borrow and lend from one another on the overnight market
See also
Over (disambiguation)
Night (disambiguation)
Hoke v. United States, 227 U.S. 308 (1913), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court that held that the United States Congress could not regulate prostitution per se, which was strictly the province of the states. Congress could, however, regulate interstate travel for purposes of prostitution or other "immoral purposes."
The case revolved around an offer to transport women from New Orleans to Beaumont, Texas for the purpose of prostitution. The Supreme Court upheld prosecution under the Mann Act.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 227
Further reading
External links
United States Constitution Article One case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the White Court
United States Commerce Clause case law
1913 in United States case law
Mann Act
Prostitution law in the United States
Prostitution in Texas
History of Beaumont, Texas
Crime in New Orleans
My Man: Live at Montmartre 1973 is a live album by American saxophonist Ben Webster recorded at the Jazzhus Montmartre in 1973 and released on the SteepleChase label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars and stated "Just months before their death, the great tenor Ben Webster shows that even with an occasional shortness of breath, they never really declined musically. ...Webster's warm ballad renditions and hard-driving romps are as always quite enjoyable to hear.".
Track listing
"Sunday" (Chester Conn, Benny Krueger, Ned Miller, Jule Styne) - 7:55
"Willow Weep for Me" (Ann Ronell) - 8:56
"Exactly Like You" (Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh) - 8:44
"Old Folks" (Dedette Lee Hill, Willard Robison) - 10:06
"I Got Rhythm" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 8:00
"Set Call" (Ben Webster) - 8:06
Personnel
Ben Webster – tenor saxophone
Ole Kock Hansen – piano
Bo Stief – bass
Alex Riel – drums
References
SteepleChase Records live albums
Ben Webster live albums
1974 live albums
The Jewish Cemetery of Ponta Delgada is a Jewish cemetery located in Ponta Delgada, Azores.
Here is buried Mimom ben Abraham Abohbot, founder of the Synagogue Ets Haim in Angra do Heroísmo.
See also
Jewish Cemetery of Funchal
References
Cemeteries in Portugal
Jewish cemeteries in Portugal
Judaism in the Azores
The Villa Romana Prize, , is an art prize awarded by the Deutscher Künstlerbund. It was established in 1905 and is the oldest German art award. The prize consists of a one-year artistic residence in the Villa Romana, a nineteenth-century villa on the Via Senese in the southern outskirts of Florence, in Tuscany in central Italy.
Max Klinger, who in 1903 had become vice-president of the Deutscher Künstlerbund, established the Villa Romana as a study centre for artists in 1905. They had bought it that year for 60,000 gold lire. The prize was first awarded in that year also.
Among the many recipients of the award are Max Beckmann (1906), Ernst Barlach (1909), Joseph Fassbender (1929), Gerhard Marcks, (1937), Walter Stöhrer (1978), and Georg Baselitz (1965).
Recipients
1905 to 1914
1905: Ulrich Hübner, Georg Kolbe, , , Max Kurzweil
1906: Max Beckmann, Dora Hitz, Käthe Kollwitz,
1907: Martin Brandenburg, Georg Burmester, Fritz Mackensen
1908: Ernst Barlach, , ,
1909: Paul Baum, Willi Geiger, Adolf Schinnerer
1910: Karl Albiker, Otto Höger,
1911: Ludwig Cauer, Otto Höger,
1912: Theo von Brockhusen, Alexander Gerbig,
1913: Karl Caspar, ,
1914: Otto Richard Bossert, ,
1928 to 1943
1928: Gerhard Marcks
1929: Joseph Fassbender
1930: Josef Henselmann
1931:
1932:
1933: John Sass
1934:
1935: , William Maly
1936: Emy Roeder, Arthur Degner
1937: Toni Stadler
1938: Helmut Ruhmer
1939: Fritz Bernuth
1940: Rudolf Riester
1941: Hans Breker, Karl Clobes, Walter Rossler
1942: Oscar Kreibich, Hubert Nikolaus Lang, Karl Paul, Egon Schiffers
1943: Wilhelm Hausmann, Kurt Lambert, Walter Wichmann
From 1959
1959: Theo Bechteler, Peter Herkenrath, Carl-Heinz Kliemann, Toni Stadler
1960: John Geccelli, Jochen Hiltmann, Guido Jendritzko, Harry Koegler
1961: Peter Brüning, Erwin Eichbaum, Wilhelm Hausmann, Wolfgang vom Schemm
1962: Horst Antes, Gerson Fehrenbach, Paran G'schrey, Hans Kock
1963: Friedrich Karl Gotsch, Günter Ferdinand Ris, Ursula Sax, Horst Skodlerrak
1964: Clemens Fischer, Winfred Gaul, Utz Kampmann, Rolf Szymanski
1965: Georg Baselitz, Franz Bucher, Rainer Küchenmeister, Ludwig Meidner
1966: Hans Baschang, Dietlinde Stengelin, Helmut Sundhaußen, Gota Tellesch
1967: Bernd Berner, Buja Bingemer, Horst Lark, Michael Black
1968: Franz Bernhard, Rolf-Gunter Dienst, Hildegart Lutze, Gatja Helgart Rothe
1969: Henry Brummack, Bernd Damke, Wolf Kahlen, Joachim Schmettau
1970: Markus Lüpertz, Ansgar Nierhoff, Michael Schoenholtz, Ben Willikens
1971: Peter Ackermann, Hermann Albert, Christa Dichgans, Jürgen Paatz
1972: Klaus Fußmann, Edgar Gutbub, Max G. Kaminski, Hansjerg Maier-Aichen
1973: Hede Bühl, Nino Malfatti, Jobst Meyer, Hans Peter Reuter
1974: Kurt Koch, Christiane Maether, Heinz-Günter Prager, Arthur Stoll
1975: Claudia Kinast, Bernd Klötzer, Alf Schuler, Dorothee von Windheim
1976: Michael Bette, Michael Buthe, Nikolaus Lang, Bertram Weigel
1977: Jakob Mattner, Anna Oppermann, Heinz Schanz, Gottfried Wiegand
1978: Abraham David Christian, Elena Engel, Christiane Mobius, Walter Stöhrer
1979: Johannes Brus, Friedemann Hahn, Inge Higher, Mechtild Nemeczek
1980: Fritz Gilow, Rainer Mang, Reinhard Pods, Gerd Rohling
1981: Frank Dornseif, Bruno Erdmann, Dieter Kraemer, Guenter Tužina
1982: Gundi Bindernagel, Karl Bohrmann, Marina Makowski, Eva-Maria Schön
1983: Martin Rosz, Norbert Tadeusz, Nicole van den Plas, Michael Witlatschil
1984: Rolf Behm, Doris Hadersdorfer, George Meissner, Marianne Pohl
1985: Cordula Giidemann, Paul Herberg, Sabine Krasel, William Weiner
1986: Andreas Bindl, Dietz Eilbacher, Andreas Grunert, Max Neumann
1987: Lisa Hoever, Bernd Minnich, Thomas Virnich, Jochen Zellmann, Karl-Heinz Krause
1988: Nikifor Brueckner, Gabriela Dauerer, Walter Kütz, Klaus Schmetz
1989: Jörg Eberhard, Bernd Jünger, Gisela Kleinlein, Berthold Langnickel
1990: Albert Borchardt, Galli (artist), Hermann Josef Mispelbaum, Norbert Radermacher
1991: Vera Leutloff, Eberhard Wagner, Barbara Wille, Carl Emanuel Wolff
1992: Sybille Berke, Katharina Grosse, Klaus Gärtner, Bernd Mechler
1993: Andreas Bee, Jochem Hendricks, Marko Lehanka, Hans-Willi Notthoff
1994: Herbert Barden, Karin Sander, Michel Sauer, Martin Steiner
1995: Isa Dahl, Wolfgang Hambrecht, Andreas Sansoni, Jörg Spamer
1996: Irene Blume, Christiane Dellbrügge and Ralf de Moll, Maik Löbbert, Dirk Löbbert, Michael Munding
1997: Franz Baumgartner, Martin Schmidt, Walter Schreiner, Barbara von Wienskowski
1998: Brunner/Ritz, Tobias Gerber, Peter Herrmann, Andreas Schön
1999: Heiner Blumenthal, Andreas Bunte, Daniel Knorr, Gregor Schneider, Vincent Tavene
2000: Thomas Eller, Michael Kutzner, Simon Vogel, Amelie von Wulffen
2002: Simone Böhm, Dorothea Goldschmidt, Stephan Gripp, Dieter Viegen
2002: Barbara Heim, Hannes Norberg, Daniela Trixl, Christina Zück
2003: Sven-Ole Frahm, Gelke Gaycken, Norbert Kuepper, Markus Vater, Christian Frosch
2004: Ralf Brück, Monika Kapfer, Christian Black, Jörg Wagner
2005: Robert Klümpen, Alexander Laner, Ulla Irina Rossek, Constantin Wallhäuser
2006: Andrea Hanak, Simon Dybbroe Møller, Anna Kerstin Otto, Stefan Thater
2007: Andrea Faciu, Barbara Kussinger, Silke Markefka, Mikhail Pirgelis
2008: Dani Gal, Julia Schmidt, Asli Sungu, Clemens von Wedemeyer
2009: Olivier Foulon, Kalin Lindena, Eske Schluter, Benjamin Yavuzsoy
2010: Anna Heidenhain, Sebastian Dacey, Anna Möller, Martin Pfeifle
2011: Nora Schultz, Rebecca Ann Tess, Vincent Vulsma, Thomas Kilpper, Henrik Olesen
2012: Nine Budde, Wolfgang Breuer, Sophie Reinhold, Yorgos Sapountzis
2013: Shannon Bool, Heide Hinrichs, Daniel Maier-Reimer, Mariechen Danz
2014: Ei Arakawa, Natalie Czech, Loretta Fahrenholz, Petrit Halilaj, Sergei Tcherepnin, Alvaro Urbano
2015: Alisa Margolis, Johannes Paul Raether, Judith Raum, Anike Joyce Sadiq
2016: Flaka Haliti, Stefan Vogel, Nico Joana Weber, Jonas Weichsel
2017: Andrea Bellu, Matei Bellu, Carina Brandes, Kasia Fudakowski, Stefan Pente, Farkhondeh Shahroudi
2018: Jeewi Lee, Christophe Ndabananiye, Lerato Shadi, Viron Erol Vert
2019: KAYA, Marcela Moraga, Christian Naujoks, Rajkamal Kahlon
2020: Özlem Altin, Lydia Hamann and Kaj Osteroth, Alice Peragine, Amelia Umuhire
2021: Pauline Curnier Jardin, Lene Markusen, Musa Michelle Mattiuzzi, Giuseppe Stampone
2022: Haure Madjid, Jasmina Metwaly, Neda Saeedi, Alexander Skorobogatov
See also
List of European art awards
References
Awards established in 1905
German art awards
1905 establishments in Germany
Jurgis Usinavičius (real name Napalys Augulis; born 27 March 1932 in Pimpičkų rural area, Skapiškis district) – Lithuanian journalist, editor, publicist and writer.
Biography
1959 Finished secondary agricultural school in Siauliai, Lithuania. In 1973 – studied in Lithuanian Academy of Agriculture. In
1945, their parents (Alfonsas Augulis and Kazimera) with all children had been deported to Komi. In 1947 they fled back to Lithuania under other person's name – Jurgis Usinavičius. Unlike their brother, Alfonsas Vytautas Augulis, Napalys stayed under different name during Soviet Union and stays nowadays. in 1991. In Siauliai Napalys finished secondary agricultural school in 1959 and Lithuanian Academy of Agriculture in 1973.
1959–1967 Worked in Siauliai district newspaper "Leninietis" (i.e., Leninist) as censorship clerk and head of agricultural department.
1967–1999 Worked in magazine Our Gardens ("Mūsų sodai"). Been head of editorial department, chief secretary, deputy chief editor.
They wrote more than 600 articles, reports, essays; mainly about agriculture and other public issues. During Soviet Union Era Napalys (under Jurgis Usinavicius name) freely maintained relationship with the rest of Augulis family and was a member of Communist Party. In independent Lithuania Jurgis indirectly took part in politics of Lithuania.
2015 Napalys (Jurgis) becomes president of Exiles and Emigrants Repatriation Fund "Vytis" (Tremtinių ir išeivių grįžimo į tėvynę fondas "Vytis", translated to English as chase, pursue). The fund is supposed to help return those Lithuanians who still live in Ural, Russia, and those who emigrated to work and live abroad in European Union, especially England.
Bibliography
Kuršėnų tarybinis ūkis (Kursenai Soviet economy), 1968
I. Mičiurino vaismedžių medelynas (I. Michiurin's tree nursery), 1973
Matau tavo vardą (I See Your ID), story. Vilnius: Aklųjų leidykla (Blinds publishing house), 1983
Išskridusios bitės (Scattered Bees), novel about lost relatives and nationals. Vilnius: Žiedai, 1995
Akmenėjantis angelas (Petrified Angel), novel. Vilnius: Žiedai, 1998
Amžių dialogas (Dialogue of Ages), novel. Vilnius: Žiedai, 2001
Karalių kaimas (Kings Village), novel. Vilnius: J. Usinavičius, 2004
Likimai (Fates), historical novel. Vilnius: Žiedai, 2004
Vaikystės žvyrkeliai (Childhood Dirty [Gravel] Roads), romance novels for children. Vilnius: Spauda, 2006
Rating
BELLADI competition winner: 1975 – Vilnius, 1977 – Tallinn, 1978 – Minsk.
References
External links
Ivdel – location of concentration camp in Soviet Union where Napalys' father spent many years after World War II.
Back from Syberia
Akmenėjantis angelas (Petrified Angel) OpenLibrary link
Amžių dialogas (Dialogue of Ages) link
Išskridusios bitės (Scattered Bees)
1932 births
Living people
Lithuanian journalists
This is a list of Lithuanian philosophers:
A
Mantas Adomėnas
Antanas Andrijauskas
Loreta Anilionytė
B
Audrius Beinorius
D
Mykolas Dluskis
Leonidas Donskis
Pranas Dovydaitis
G
Bronislovas Genzelis
Juozas Girnius
J
Arvydas Juozaitis
K
Bronius Kuzmickas
L
Alphonso Lingis
M
Antanas Maceina
Jokūbas Minkevičius
P
Rolandas Pavilionis
Romanas Plečkaitis
Nerija Putinaitė
S
Vasily Seseman
Stasys Šalkauskis
V
Nida Vasiliauskaitė
Vydūnas
Lithuanian
Philosophers
Edward Partridge Jr. (June 25, 1833 – November 17, 1900) was a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature, the Utah State Constitutional Convention, and president of the Utah Stake of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) when the stake included all of Utah County, Utah.
Partridge was the son of Edward Partridge, the first Presiding Bishop of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and their wife Lydia. Partridge was born in Independence, Missouri, and was less than a year old when the Latter-day Saints were driven out of that place. The family moved to Clay County, Missouri, then Caldwell County, Missouri, and then to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Partridge's father died when young Edward was about seven.
Partridge arrived in Utah in 1848 and then was called on a mission to Hawaii in 1854, where they remained until 1857. In 1858, Partridge married Sarah Lucretia Clayton, a daughter of William Clayton. They later moved to Farmington, Utah, where they ran Amasa M. Lyman's (the husband of one of their sister's) farm.
In 1864, Partridge moved to Fillmore, Utah, where they were called to serve as bishop in the Church. In 1877, they became a counselor to Ira N. Hinckley in the presidency of the Millard Stake which was headquartered in Fillmore. From 1882 to 1885, Partridge served as president of the Hawaiian Mission of the church.
Partridge then moved to Provo so their children could study at Brigham Young Academy. They served as a counselor to Abraham O. Smoot in the Utah Stake Presidency from 1892 to 1895 and then served as president of the Utah Stake from 1895 until their own death five years later.
Partridge had married Elizabeth Buxton as a second wife in 1862. They had a total of 17 children, only 12 of whom outlived him.
References
Andrew Jenson. Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia. Vol. 1, p. 488.
External links
1833 births
1900 deaths
19th-century American politicians
19th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries
American expatriates in the Hawaiian Kingdom
American leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Latter Day Saints from Illinois
Latter Day Saints from Missouri
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Members of the Utah Territorial Legislature
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
Mormon missionaries in Hawaii
Mormon pioneers
People from Davis County, Utah
People from Fillmore, Utah
People from Provo, Utah
The National People's Congress Education, Science, Culture and Public Health Committee () is one of nine special committees of the National People's Congress, the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. The special committee was created during the first session of the 6th National People's Congress in June 1983, and has existed for every National People's Congress since.
Chairpersons
References
Education, Science, Culture and Public Health Committee
Parliamentary committees on Healthcare
"You Always Know the DJ" is a song by Australian rapper Allday. It was released in September 2014 as the third single from the Allday's debut studio album Startup Cult. The singles were certified gold in Australia in 2018.
Track listing
Digital download
"You Always Know the DJ" (MD remix) – 3:38
"You Always Know the DJ" – 3:50
Certifications
References
Allday songs
2014 songs
2014 singles
Songs written by Allday
The National Weather Service Albany, New York is a local office of the National Weather Service responsible for monitoring weather conditions for eastern New York State and portions of western New England (extreme Southern Vermont, western Massachusetts and northwestern Connecticut).
References
External links
NWS Albany's website
Albany, New York
Organizations based in Albany, New York
Year of establishment missing
John Rhodes (fl. 1624 – 1665) was a theatrical figure of the early and middle seventeenth century. They rose to a brief prominence in 1660 when the London theatres re-opened at the start of the English Restoration era.
Beginning
Rhodes was connected with the King's Men during the final phase of the development of English Renaissance drama. On 6 December 1624, Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, listed Rhodes among the "necessary attendants," the hired men of the company, who could not be arrested or "pressed for soldiers" without the consent of the Master of the Revels or the Lord Chamberlain. Rhodes served as the wardrobe-keeper at the Blackfriars Theatre. Once the theatres were closed at the start of the English Civil War in 1642, Rhodes, like fellow King's Men Alexander Gough and Andrew Pennycuicke, became a stationer, or bookseller. Rhodes's shop was at the sign of the Bible, in Charing Cross.
There are also cryptic references to Rhodes being the "keeper" of the Cockpit Theatre from 1644 on. While the London theatres were formally closed from 1642 to 1660, evidence shows that there were repeated efforts to operate the theatres on a clandestine basis; and for some periods, as in 1647, plays were staged with some regularity. [See: Salisbury Court Theatre; William Beeston.] Rhodes may well have been involved in these clandestine theatricals — though the scant evidence of the period prevents any degree of certainty.
Re-emergence
It was in the final phase of the English Interregnum, after the death of Oliver Cromwell, that Rhodes attempted to set themselves up as a theatrical manager and producer. In February 1660, when the military dictatorship of General Monck was still in effect and King Charles II had not yet returned, Rhodes obtained a license to open a theatre. They leased and refurbished the old Cockpit Theatre, gathered a troupe of young actors, and began to stage plays. Their 1660 production of Shakespeare's Pericles, Prince of Tyre was the first Shakespearean revival of the new era; Thomas Betterton made their stage debut in the title role. (Charles Gildon maintained that Betterton had been Rhodes's apprentice when Rhodes was a bookseller.) Edward Kynaston, famous as the last boy player taking female roles before the first English actores appeared, is also thought to have acted for Rhodes in 1660. Rhodes hoped to obtain a royal licence for their enterprise — but they were squeezed out in the political machinations of the time; the only royal licencees were Thomas Killigrew and Sir William Davenant. Rhodes's already-established company formed the nucleus of Davenant's new Duke's Company (though Kynaston moved to the rival King's Company).
Decline
The failure of their London enterprise did not mean that Rhodes abandoned drama. For a time they maintained a travelling company of players that toured outside London, and occasionally visited the capital. In London, Rhodes's troupe performed at the Cockpit and the Red Bull — old theatres abandoned by the two licensed companies, which were building new and modern facilities in this period. Rhodes's travelling troupe seems to have passed out of existence after 1662, likely due to continued opposition from the better-established rival organizations. On 17 October 1663, Rhodes received a payment of £20 for a Court performance of Ignoramus, or the Academical Lawyer (Ferdinando Parkhurst's translation of George Ruggle's old Latin play Ignoramus) at Whitehall Palace on 1 November 1662 — though the cast in that performance seems to have been composed, surprisingly, of Duke's Company members.
Rhodes's attempt to start their theatre company involved them in a series of legal disputes that played out over the coming years. In a 1665 deposition, Rhodes identified themselves as being then in their 60s, and at that time a draper in the London parish of St Giles Cripplegate.
See also
George Jolly
References
English theatre directors
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
17th-century English people
The Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) was a farmer's association that was active in Western Canada at the start of the 20th century, in what was then the Northwest Territories and later became Saskatchewan and Alberta. It provided a voice for farmers in their struggle with grain dealers and the railways, and was influential in obtaining favorable legislation.
After Alberta and Saskatchewan became provinces the TGGA was succeeded by the Alberta Farmers' Association and the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association.
Background
At the start of the 20th century the North-West Elevator Association, closely associated with the Winnipeg Grain Exchange, controlled over two thirds of the grain elevators on the prairies. The elevator companies, working together, could force the farmers to accept low prices for their grain. When there were shortages of rail cars the railways gave preferential treatment to the companies over the farmers. The 1908 "Partridge Plan" listed other "ill practices" that included "the taking of heavy dockage, the giving of light weight, misgrading the farmers' grain sold on the street or graded into store, failure to provide cleaning apparatus, changing the identity of the farmers' special binned grain, declining to allot space for special binning and refusing to ship grain to owner's order, even when storage charges are tended.
Foundation
The Manitoba Grain Act was passed in 1901, designed to prevent these abuses and ensure fair practices and prices in the booming grain trade in the prairie provinces of Canada.
There was a bumper crop that year, and farmers found they could not get their produce to market because the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) and the grain companies were still failing to conform to the act.
Almost half the crop was lost due to spoilage due to lack of space in the elevators and lack of railway cars.
In November 1901 two farmers in the major grain shipping center of Indian Head, John Sibbold and John A. Millar, organized an "indignation meeting" that was attended by about fifty farmers. The group united in "opposition to the corporations which they stigmatized as their oppressors".
In December 1901 William Richard Motherwell (1860–1943) and Peter Dayman of the Abernathy district arranged a follow-up to the Indian Head meeting.
The farmers agree to form a Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA), and nominated Motherwell as provisional president and John Millar as provisional secretary.
A meeting was held on 6 January 1902 to draw up a constitution for the association.
Motherwell and Matthew Snow of Wolseley began touring the region and encouraging farmers to form local TGGA associations.
The first annual convention of the TGGA was held on 1 February 1902, attended by delegates from 38 local groups.
By this time the TGGA membership was 500.
To ensure that it could speak for all farmers, the TGGA was careful to avoid association with any political party.
The provisional officers were confirmed at the February meeting.
Charles Avery Dunning (1885–1958), later to become Premier of Saskatchewan, was appointed a director of the TGGA and later became vice-president.
Grain Act amendments
The delegates at the February meeting approved three recommendations proposed by Motherwell for changes to the Grain Act.
These were:
The recommendations were debated in the House of Commons on 17 March 1902 and passed as amendments to the Manitoba Grain Act with little modification on 19 May 1902. The act was also amended to require the CPR to cover the cost of land and sidings when anyone within forty miles of a siding applied to build a flat warehouse, and to build a loading platform when ten farmers formally applied for one. However, the act did not ensure enforcement, and during the bumper harvest of 1902 there was again a shortage of cars, and CPR was clearly favoring the elevator companies in allocation of the available cars.
Motherwell and Peter Dayman went to Winnipeg to complain to CPR, where they were told that the railway was having difficulty adapting to the rapid growth in wheat production.
There was no visible improvement in the situation, and after a few months the TGGA presented a formal complaint against the CPR's Sintaluta agent before the Warehouse Commissioner. On 28 November the Commissioner looked into the case and started court proceedings. The defendant was found guilty given a fine of CDN$50 plus costs, or one month in jail. CPR appealed the decision but lost in the Supreme Court of the North-West Territories. Immediately after the decision farmers found that CPR was making cars much more readily available.
An account written in 1918 said,
The Manitoba Grain Growers' Association (MGGA) was formed at a meeting on March 3–4, 1903 in Brandon, Manitoba.
In 1903 two officers of the MGGA accompanied Motherwell and J.B. Gillespie of the TGGA to Ottawa where they met with representatives of the railways and grain companies to tighten up the wording of the Manitoba Grain Act. The new text was introduced as an amendment to the act which was passed that year.
With the passage of the amendments to the act the TGGA had achieved its primary objective, and lost some of its momentum.
Later activity
Edward Alexander Partridge of Sintaluta, began to push the TGGA members to demand tighter control of the grading system and inspection of elevators.
The Sintaluta Local was concerned about the operation of the Winnipeg Grain Exchange. They persuaded the federal government to appoint a "watchdog" to make sure that the exchange was treating grain growers fairly, and they sent Partridge to Winnipeg in January–February 1905 to observe the exchange. They were treated poorly and became convinced that the exchange was not interested in the farmers, who needed their own grain company.
On 27 January 1906 the Grain Growers' Grain Company (GGGC) was founded as a cooperative company to handle marketing of the grain, under the Partidge's leadership.
This was the start of a new struggle with the elevator companies.
In 1905 Alberta and Saskatchewan became provinces.
The Alberta branch of the TGGA became the Alberta Farmers' Association under the leadership of Rice Sheppard of the Strathcona area.
In 1906 the TGGA renamed itself the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA). In 1909 the Alberta Farmers' Association combined with the American Society of Equity, another Alberta group, to form the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA).
Motherwell would eventually become provincial minister of agriculture and then federal minister of agriculture.
References
Sources
1901 establishments in Canada
1906 disestablishments in Canada
Organizations based in Saskatchewan
Economy of Saskatchewan
Agricultural cooperatives in Canada
La Suegra ( The Mother in Law) is a 2014 Colombian telenovela produced and broadcast by Caracol Televisión.
Plot
Victoria Maldonado is a vivacious, ambitious and passionate woman who lives in Bogota, Colombia. Founder of Casa Victoria (a successful clothing business,) Victoria is also a single mother of three. They impulsively decide to leave Colombia to go to Miami to further their modeling career. They leave the business in the hands of their three children and abruptly ends a loving relationship with their boyfriend Carlos. Once they arrive at Miami, they start a successful TV show, which makes them a household name in the United States. Ten years go by and the children run the business into the ground due to their negligence, lavish lifestyles and irresponsibility. At the brink of collapse, they reach out to Victoria and ask them to help them by providing the funds to rescue the company. Having had their show sabotaged by their producers, Victoria decides to leave Miami and return to their family and friends in Colombia. However, they put forth several demands that they must meet before they will help them rescue their business. Noting the fiscal irresponsibility of their children, they demand that they give them complete control of the business as President of Casa Victoria and that they allow them to control all of the finances and business decisions. In order to collect emergency funds, they say they must sell their cars, houses and lavish goods and immediately provide them with those funds. To foster solidarity and unity, they also demand that they all move into their large home. Them the eldest son Bernardo and their son in law Rene (both keen on getting on Victoria's good side to ensure their inheritance of their wealth and their business,) compete to win Victoria's favor. Though they dislike each other, Bernardo and Rene agreed that Victoria is the best person to rescue the business; they agreed to put them in charge and earn their favor. Victoria's eldest son Bernardo (the irresponsible ex-president) is married to a spoiled and demanding wife named Margarita who tries to pit them against their mother in order to keep them subjugated. Victoria's son in law Rene (a homely and capable but shifty man) is married to Victoria's beautiful but insecure daughter Marcela. Rene admires the shrewdness, tenacity, assertiveness of their mother in law and is keen on proving themselves to them Feeling neglected and ignored by their mother, Marcela often sides with Margarita, who openly despises Victoria. In desperation to fix their financial plight, everyone agrees to Victoria's terms and they all move in with them
The show then follows the power struggles between Bernardo/Rene and Victoria/Margarita as well as the turbulence generated from Victoria's desire to "straighten out" the misguided and unstable lifestyles of their children. Being frank, insightful and brusque, Victoria identifies different problems in the lives of their children and tries to help them address those problems. Victoria tries to help their estranged daughter Marcela find their passion and direction in life. Victoria tries to help their eldest son Bernardo overcome their dependence on their meddling and immature (but strong willed and independent) wife Margarita- who tries to be a good wife/mother and both succeeds (e.g. in their love, compassion and support of their son) as well as struggles (e.g. to accept their son's interest in fashion/dress making, to accept their son's and husband's affinity to Victoria, etc.) Sensing the bad intentions of their youngest son's girlfriend Carolina (a seemingly sweet and attractive girl who is actually a cunning, classist and manipulative woman,) Victoria tries to help Juan remember their individuality and escape from the unhealthy relationship that is consuming them and turning them into someone that they are not. In terms of their own personal life, Victoria tries to ignore their romantic interest in Carlos, who is still in love with them and who they still have feelings for. Victoria's magnetic personality attracts genuine friends (such as their endearing and capable secretary Yamile- who happens to be Carlos' daughter) as well as false friends including Beatriz- a likable woman who tries to be a good friend but can be dishonest (she works with Carlos' mother Prudencia to try to sabotage Victoria's budding relationship with Carlos and their daughter.) Beatriz has been dating Carlos for the past 10 years, a fact they actively hide from Victoria along with many other secrets. Victoria themselves has their faults as well. They struggle to decide whether they should follow their heart and reconnect with Carlos or use their beauty and charm to marry a wealthy man and solve their family's financial crises.
Cast
Jackeline Arenal as Victoria Maldonado vda. de Burgos / de Contreras / de Amador
Danilo Santos as Carlos Enrique Amador Guzmán
Paula Barreto as Marcela Burgos Maldonado de Higuera
Andrés Parra as René Higuera del Castillo
Isabel Cristina Estrada as Margarita Valencia de Burgos
Cristhian Tappan as Bernardo Burgos Maldonado
Eileen Roca as Yamile Amador
Mario Espitia as Juan K Burgos Maldonado
Alejandra Chamorro as Azucena Contreras
Sebastián Vega as Luis Guillermo Burgos Valencia
Laura Perico as Carolina López de Burgos
Tiberio Cruz as Roberto Contreras
Ana María Arango as Prudencia Guzmán vda. de Amador
María Cecilia Botero as Beatriz Eugenia Espitia
Alberto Saavedra Emilio de Jesús Contreras Pataquiva
Adriana Osorio as Myriam
Fernando Arango as Gerardo
Fernando Lara as Albeiro
Juan Pablo Gamboa as Dr. Domínguez
Samara de Córdova as Magdalena
Gabriel Vanegas as "El Cura"
Norma Nivia as Camila
Belky Arizala as Stephanie
Awards and nominations
Premios Saturn
Premios TvyNovelas
Premios Talento Caracol
References
External links
2014 telenovelas
Colombian telenovelas
2014 Colombian television series debuts
2014 Colombian television series endings
Caracol Televisión telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Bogotá
Sony Pictures Television telenovelas
This is a list of cassava dishes that use cassava as a main ingredient. The cassava is a woody shrub native to South America of the spurge family.
It is extensively cultivated as an annual crop in tropical and subtropical regions.
Cassava dishes
See also
Cassava-based dishes
Cassava Dishes
James Dalgleish Kellie-MacCallum (1845 – 7 September 1932) was a British police officer who served as Chief Constable of Northamptonshire County Constabulary for fifty years, from 1881 to 1931.
Kellie-MacCallum was born at Braco Castle, Perthshire and educated at Loretto School and Trinity College, Glenalmond. They were commissioned into the 79th Foot (later the Cameron Highlanders) in 1865. They served in the Ashanti War of 1873–1874, attached to the Black Watch, and was recommended for the Victoria Cross during the advance on Kumasi. They did not receive it, but was mentioned in despatches. They retired from the Army in 1876 with the rank of lieutenant.
They were awarded the King's Police Medal (KPM) in December 1912, appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours, and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1924 Birthday Honours.
Footnotes
References
Obituary, The Times, 15 September 1932
1845 births
1932 deaths
People from Perth and Kinross
People educated at Loretto School, Musselburgh
People educated at Glenalmond College
Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders officers
British military personnel of the Third Anglo-Ashanti War
British Chief Constables
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English recipients of the Queen's Police Medal
Django Unchained is a 2012 American western film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Jamie Foxx as Django, a freed slave, who teams up with a bounty hunter called Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz) to free their wife from plantation owner Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio). Django Unchained was screened for the first time at the Directors Guild of America on December 1, 2012. Its official premiere was cancelled in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting and was replaced with a screening for the cast and crew. Django Unchained was released on December 25, 2012 in the United States and on January 18, 2013 in the United Kingdom. As of December 7, 2013, Django Unchained has earned over $425 million at the box office.
The film has garnered various awards and nominations, with most nominations recognising the film itself, Tarantino's screenplay and the cast's acting performances, particularly those of Christoph Waltz and Leonardo DiCaprio. The American Film Institute included Django Unchained in their list of the Top Ten Movies of the Year, while the African-American Film Critics Association nominated it for Best Picture. The film gathered five Academy Award nominations in categories ranging from Best Original Screenplay to Best Cinematography and Best Sound Editing. The production designer for Django Unchained, J. Michael Riva, received a posthumous nomination for Excellence in Production Design for a Period Film from the Art Directors Guild. Tarantino earned a Best Original Screenplay nod from the Broadcast and Chicago Film Critics Associations.
The British Academy Film Awards nominated the film for five accolades, including Best Direction and Best Editing. Django Unchained also gathered five nominations from the Golden Globe Awards and came away with Best Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor for Waltz. The film received seven nominations from the MTV Movie Awards. The NAACP Image Awards nominated Foxx, Samuel L. Jackson and Kerry Washington for Best Actor or Supporting Actor awards, while the film was nominated for Outstanding Motion Picture. The National Board of Review included Django Unchained in their Best Film category and awarded DiCaprio the Best Supporting Actor accolade. The film was also nominated for Best Picture from the Producers Guild of America. Django Unchained garnered eight nominations from the St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association, the most of any film, but came away with three awards.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Lists of accolades by film
Quentin Tarantino
Ramon Antonio Nery (born August 10, 1961, in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican former professional boxer, who was once ranked in the top ten in the world among Flyweight boxers by the World Boxing Association, and who once fought for the WBA's world Flyweight championship. At a regional level, Nery was the Dominican Republic's national Flyweight champion. Nery was born with deafness, and their boxing nickname was "sordito", which means "(little) deaf (person)" in Spanish. Nery's condition meant they had to have special lights installed on the ring's corners when they fought; that way they could tell when a round began or finished.
Professional boxing career
Nery had no amateur boxing contests. They debuted as a professional on June 17, 1980, beating Felix Diaz (0-3 before their bout) at Santo Domingo, by first-round knockout. Nery build a record of 8–0, with all 8 wins by knockout (including a rematch win over Diaz, another first-round knockout on Nery's 19th birthday, on August 10, 1980) before winning by decision for the first (and only) time in their career, when the 4 wins, 4 losses Elpidio de Paula lasted ten rounds with Nery on 27 March 1981 in Santo Domingo.
Nery's next bout resulted in a huge step-up in opposition class: they faced Puerto Rican Orlando Maldonado. Maldonado had been a bronze medalist at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada, and sported 21 wins, 2 losses and 2 draws (ties) record in 25 previous fights, having boxed, among others, International Boxing Hall of Fame member and former world Flyweight champion Miguel Canto. Nery and Maldonado met on 2 May 1981 at Santo Domingo and Nery prevailed by an eighth-round knockout. That win began another knockout win streak for Nery, which this time reached nine knockouts in a row. These included two wins over future WBA world Junior Flyweight champion Francisco Quiroz, whose two losses to Nery came inside a week's span; first on 1 March 1982 for the Dominican Republic's national Flyweight championship (a fight which Nery won in the third round) and then, six days later when Nery stopped them in round four of their rematch, both fights taking place in Santo Domingo. Quiroz had 6 wins and 3 losses before Nery's two contests with him.
By then, Nery had built a fan-base not only in the Dominican Republic but also in Puerto Rico-in Puerto Rico's case, not only because of the Dominican diaspora already living there during the early 1980s, but also because Nery had fans of Puerto Rican descendance as well. In Puerto Rico, Nery's contests were covered by such media outlets as El Vocero and El Nuevo Dia newspapers.
Nery was 18–0, with 17 wins by knockout, when the WBA gave them a chance at their world Flyweight championship. On 4 March 1983, Nery had their first contest to be held abroad, when they challenged Santos Laciar at the Estadio Chateau Carreras in Cordoba, Argentina. In a war, Nery and Laciar kept throwing hard, solid punches at each other until Laciar wore the challenger down and retained the championship with a brutal, ninth-round knockout.
Rest of career
Nery awaited one year to return to a professional boxing ring, after which, on 9 March 1984, they faced the 4 wins, 6 losses Ernesto Sanchez at Santo Domingo. In what turned out to be Nery's last win as a professional boxer, they defeated Sanchez by a fourth-round knockout.
They then traveled to Panama, where, on 14 July 1984, they faced the former two-time World Boxing Council world Junior Flyweight and future WBA world Flyweight champion and International Boxing Hall of Fame member, 23 wins, 4 losses Hilario Zapata, at the Gimnasio Nuevo Panama (now Roberto Duran Arena) in Ciudad Panama. Nery dropped Zapata in round seven, but they lost by a relatively close but unanimous ten-rounds decision, with scores of 93-98, 94-97 and 96-97, all in favor of the Panamanian.
On 2 February 1985, Nery made their debut in front of their fans in Puerto Rico, when they faced the undefeated, 13 wins and one draw, future World Boxing Organization world Super Flyweight championship challenger, Puerto Rican Rafael "Baby" Caban, as part of the Victor Callejas-Seung Hoon Lee WBA world Super Bantamweight championship fight's program held at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan. Nery lost by a ten-rounds unanimous decision.
Next, Nery made their United States professional boxing debut when faced, on 10 May 1985, with the future WBC world Bantamweight champion Miguel "Happy" Lora of Colombia, in a ten-rounds meeting held at the Tamiami Fairgrounds Auditorium in Miami, Florida. They lost to Lora by a second-round knockout.
In their last professional boxing fight, Nery fought Johnny Carter, a boxer who had previously challenged Jeff Chandler for the future International Boxing Hall of Fame member's WBA world Bantamweight championship during 1982. Nery-Carter was fought on 18 March 1986 at the Sands Casino Hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States. Carter won the bout by a fifth-round technical knockout, the contest being stopped at 2 minutes and 48 seconds of that round.
Career in review
A hard-hitting, one time world title challenger, Nery retired from professional boxing with a record of 19 wins and 5 losses in 24 bouts, with 18 wins and 3 losses by way of knockout.
See also
List of Dominicans
Mario D'Agata - another deaf professional boxer
References
1961 births
Living people
Flyweight boxers
Dominican Republic male boxers
Parallax is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal publishing work in cultural studies, critical theory and philosophy. Each issue has a theme and issues are regularly compiled by guest-editors. The journal was established in 1995 by Adrian Rifkin, Marq Smith and Joanne Morra, and is now published by Routledge. The editors are Elspeth Mitchell, Dominic O'Key, Rebecca Starr, and Ruth Daly (University of Leeds). The reviews editor is Agnieszka Jasnowska.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in
External links
Taylor & Francis academic journals
English-language journals
Cultural journals
Philosophy journals
Publications established in 1995
Quarterly journals
Fiesta is a 1941 American Technicolor film directed by LeRoy Prinz that was one of Hal Roach's Streamliners. The film was the motion picture debut of the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera star Anne Ayars.
The film was re-released in 1948 by Favorite Films and retitled Gaiety.
Plot summary
Don Juan Hernández's niece Cholita returns to their village from Mexico City announcing they will not marry José, their village boyfriend, bur rather the radio star Fernando Gómez who has accompanied their home. José enlists two of their friends to pose as bandits to frighten the arrogant and cowardly Fernando and win Cholita back.
Cast
Ann Ayars as Cholita
Jorge Negrete as José
Armida as Cuca
George Givot as Fernando Gómez
Antonio Moreno as Don Hernandez, Cholita's Uncle
Nick Moro as Pedro
Frank Yaconelli as Pablo
George Humbert as Pancho
Francisco Moreno as Paco
Betty Bryson as Pancho's Wife
Carlos Valadez as Oaxoco Plume Dancer
José Arias as Leader of the Mexican Tipica Orchestra
The Guadalajara Trio as Band
Tipíca Orchestra of the Mexico City Police as Orchestra
Robert C. Bruce as the Narrator
Soundtrack
Ann Ayars - "I'll Never Forget Fiesta" (Music by Nilo Meléndez, lyrics by Chet Forrest and Bob Wright)
Jorge Negrete - "Ride Mi Caballeros"
Armida with The Guadalajara Trio - "Never Trust a Jumping Bean" (Music by Edward Ward, lyrics by Chet Forrest and Bob Wright)
Frank Yaconelli, Earl Douglas and Nick Moro - "The Two Bravest Hombres in All Mexico" (Written by Johnny Lange and Lew Porter
Jorge Negrete - "Quien Sabe" (Music by Edward Ward, lyrics by Chet Forrest and Bob Wright)
Jorge Negrete and Ann Ayars - "Quien Sabe" (reprise) (Music by Edward Ward, lyrics by Chet Forrest and Bob Wright)
Dancers and Tipíca Orchestra of the Mexico City Police, led by José Arias - Gypsy Dance
Jorge Negrete and The Guadalajara Trio - "El Relajo" (Written by Lamberto Leyva, Jesús Castillón and Oscar Felix)
Ann Ayars and The Guadalajara Trio - "La Golondrina" (Written by Narcisco Sarradell)
References
External links
1941 films
American romantic comedy films
1941 musical comedy films
1941 romantic comedy films
Hal Roach Studios
American romantic musical films
1940s romantic musical films
Films set in Mexico
United Artists films
Films scored by Edward Ward (composer)
Films directed by LeRoy Prinz
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Johnny Apollo may refer to:
Johnny Apollo (film), a 1940 film starring Tyrone Power and Dorothy Lamour
Johnny Apollo, a childhood friend and later enemy of comic book character Greyshirt
The 2021 All-Big Ten Conference football team consists of American football players chosen as All-Big Ten Conference players for the 2021 Big Ten Conference football season. The conference recognizes two official All-Big Ten selectors: (1) the Big Ten conference coaches selected separate offensive and defensive units and named first-, second- and third-team players (the "Coaches" team); and (2) a panel of sports writers and broadcasters covering the Big Ten also selected offensive and defensive units and named first-, second- and third-team players (the "Media" team).
Key
Offensive selections
Quarterbacks
C. J. Stroud, Ohio State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Aidan O'Connell, Purdue (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Cade McNamara, Michigan (Coaches-3; Media-3)
Running backs
Kenneth Walker, Michigan State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Hassan Haskins, Michigan (Coaches-1; Media-1)
TreVeyon Henderson, Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Braelon Allen, Wisconsin (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Chase Brown, Illinois (Coaches-3; Media-3)
Blake Corum, Michigan (Coaches-3)
Tyler Goodson, Iowa (Media-3)
Wide receivers
David Bell, Purdue (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Chris Olave, Ohio State (Coaches-1; Media-2)
Jahan Dotson, Penn State (Coaches-2; Media-1)
Garrett Wilson, Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Jayden Reed, Michigan State (Coaches-3; Media-3)
Jaxon Smith-Njigba, Ohio State (Coaches-3; Media-3)
Centers
Tyler Linderbaum, Iowa (Coaches-1; Media-1)
John Michael Schmitz, Minnesota (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Doug Kramer, Illinois (Coaches-2)
Andrew Vastardis, Michigan (Media-2)
Cam Jurgens, Nebraska (Coaches-3)
Guards
Thayer Munford, Ohio State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Josh Seltzner, Wisconsin (Coaches-1; Media-2)
Blaise Andries, Minnesota (Coaches-3; Media-1)
Kyler Schott, Iowa (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Paris Johnson Jr., Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Zak Zinter, Michigan (Media-2)
Conner Olson, Minnesota (Coaches-3)
Tackles
Nicholas Petit-Frere, Ohio State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Daniel Faalele, Minnesota (Coaches-1; Media-3)
Andrew Stueber, Michigan (Coaches-3; Media-1)
Peter Skoronski, Northwestern (Coaches-2; Media-1)
Logan Bruss, Wisconsin (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Ryan Hayes, Michigan (Coaches-2)
Dawand Jones, Ohio State (Coaches-3, Media-2)
Tyler Beach, Wisconsin (Coaches-3)
Rasheed Walker, Penn State (Media-3)
Tight ends
Jake Ferguson, Wisconsin (Coaches-1; Media-2)
Austin Allen, Nebraska (Coaches-2; Media-1)
Sam LaPorta, Iowa (Coaches-3)
Peyton Hendershot, Indiana (Media-3)
Defensive selections
Defensive linemen
Arnold Ebiketie, Penn State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Haskell Garrett, Ohio State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Aidan Hutchinson, Michigan (Coaches-1; Media-1)
George Karlaftis, Purdue (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Jacub Panasiuk, Michigan State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Zach VanValkenburg, Iowa (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Zach Harrison, Ohio State (Coaches-3; Media-2)
Boye Mafe, Minnesota (Coaches-3; Media-2)
Tyreke Smith, Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Matt Henningsen, Wisconsin (Coaches-3; Media-3)
PJ Mustipher, Penn State (Coaches-2)
Keeanu Benton, Wisconsin (Coaches-2)
Sam Okuayinonu, Maryland (Coaches-3)
Jacob Slade, Michigan State (Media-3)
Jesse Luketa, Penn State (Media-3)
Linebackers
Leo Chenal, Wisconsin (Coaches-1; Media-1)
David Ojabo, Michigan (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Jack Sanborn, Wisconsin (Coaches-1; Media-2)
Jack Campbell, Iowa (Coaches-3; Media-1)
Micah McFadden, Indiana (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Chris Bergin, Northwestern (Coaches-3; Media-2)
JoJo Domann, Nebraska (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Ellis Brooks, Penn State (Coaches-2)
Brandon Smith, Penn State (Coaches-3)
Josh Ross, Michigan (Media-3)
Olakunle Fatukasi, Rutgers (Media-3)
Defensive backs
Dane Belton, Iowa (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Jaquan Brisker, Penn State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Riley Moss, Iowa (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Daxton Hill, Michigan (Coaches-1; Media-2)
Kerby Joseph, Illinois (Coaches-2; Media-1)
Matt Hankins, Iowa (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Cam Taylor-Britt, Nebraska (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Ronnie Hickman, Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-3)
Brandon Joseph, Northwestern (Media-2)
Denzel Burke, Ohio State (Coaches-3)
Ji'Ayir Brown, Penn State (Coaches-3)
Joey Porter Jr., Penn State (Coaches-3)
Caesar Williams, Wisconsin (Coaches-3)
Vincent Gray, Michigan (Media-3)
Brad Hawkins, Michigan (Media-3)
Xavier Henderson, Michigan State (Media-3)
Special teams
Kickers
Jake Moody, Michigan (Coaches-1; Media-3)
Caleb Shudak, Iowa (Coaches-2; Media-1)
Noah Ruggles, Ohio State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
James McCourt, Illinois (Coaches-3)
Punters
Jordan Stout, Penn State (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Adam Korsak, Rutgers (Coaches-1; Media-3)
Bryce Baringer, Michigan State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
Blake Hayes, Illinois (Coaches-3)
Return specialist
Charlie Jones, Iowa (Coaches-1; Media-1)
Jayden Reed, Michigan State (Coaches-2; Media-2)
A. J. Henning, Michigan (Coaches-3; Media-3)
Jahan Dotson, Penn State (Coaches-3)
See also
2021 College Football All-America Team
References
All-Big Ten Conference
All-Big Ten Conference football teams
Josep Masriera i Manovens (22 January 1841, in Barcelona – 31 January 1912, in Barcelona) was a Catalan landscape painter, goldsmith and business person.
Biography
They were born to an artistic family and, together with their brother Francesc, began their training with their father, who was a silversmith. After finishing there, they were sent to study with Lluís Rigalt at the Escola de la Llotja. In 1857, they and their brother were apprenticed to , a Professor there. Later, they studied with Claudi Lorenzale.
They were married in 1864 and eventually had five children, including Lluís Masriera, who also became a well-known painter and goldsmith. Shortly after, they and their brother were in Paris, where they may have worked with Alexandre Cabanel. In 1867, they were back at the Escola for some graduate courses and returned to Paris for the International Exhibition to see the latest trends in jewelry.
In 1869, they were appointed President of the "Guild of Jewellers and Silversmiths" and became Secretary of the liberal arts division of the "Association for the Encouragement of National Production", a protectionist group. In 1873, they were named an Academician at the "Royal Academy of Arts and Natural Sciences".
Between 1882 and 1884, they and Francesc built an elaborate workshop on Bailen Street, modeled after the ancient Temple of Augustus on Mont Tàber. It was designed by Josep Vilaseca i Casanovas. Flanking the entrance were statues of Eduardo Rosales and Marià Fortuny, created by Josep Reynés. The Masriera's combined art collections were kept there and it became a major cultural center, featuring dramatic performances as well as art shows. In 1932, it became the Teatre Studium and was later connected to the adjoining buildings. It is now a residence for the nuns of the "Petita Companyia del Cor Eucarístic de Jesús".
They served on the arts jury at the 1888 Barcelona Universal Exposition and was also an author of some note; publishing books on ornamental design, engraving, chiseling and oriental art as well as biographies of Lluís Rigalt and Claudi Lorenzale. For many years, they and some friends met weekly to create a "magazine" called El Recuerdo. No issues were ever published, but the manuscripts provide an important historical record of the art scene in Barcelona.
In 1915, on the suggestion of their son Lluís, the Reial Acadèmia Catalana de Belles Arts de Sant Jordi created the "Josep Masriera Medal" for young landscape painters. It was awarded until 1962.
References
Further reading
Jordi Carbonell, Els Masriera: Francesc Masriera, 1842-1902, Josep Masriera, 1841-1912, Lluís Masriera, 1872-1958, Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya, 1996
External links
ArtNet: More works by Masriera.
1841 births
1912 deaths
19th-century Catalan painters
Spanish landscape painters
Spanish goldsmiths
Painters from Barcelona
Spanish biographers
"Women (Make You Feel Alright)" is a song written by Stevie Wright and George Young. It was originally recorded by the Australian rock group the Easybeats in 1966, whose version reached #4 on the Australian charts. It was the group's debut single in the United States, released on the United Artists Records subsidiary label, Ascot Records under the title "Make You Feel Alright (Women)".
Single track listing
Women (Make You Feel Alright)
In My Book
Charts
References
1966 singles
1966 songs
The Easybeats songs
Songs written by Stevie Wright (Australian singer)
Songs written by George Young (rock musician)
Parlophone singles
Albert Productions singles
The men's 200 metre butterfly competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 21 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Michael Phelps of US.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, all lengths being in butterfly stroke.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 21, at 11:47.
B Final
The B final was held on August 21, at 20:59.
A Final
The final was held on August 21, at 20:59.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
A suprapubic cystostomy or suprapubic catheter (SPC) (also known as a vesicostomy or epicystostomy) is a surgically created connection between the urinary bladder and the skin used to drain urine from the bladder in individuals with obstruction of normal urinary flow. The connection does not go through the abdominal cavity.
Urinary flow may be blocked by swelling of the prostate (benign prostatic hypertrophy), traumatic disruption of the urethra, congenital defects of the urinary tract, or by obstructions such as kidney stones passed into the urethra, and cancer. It is also a common treatment used among spinal cord injury patients who are unable or unwilling to use intermittent catheterization to empty the bladder, and cannot otherwise void due to detrusor sphincter dyssynergia.
Initially, a thin tube (catheter) is placed through the skin just above the pubic bone into the bladder, often with the assistance of ultrasound imaging. This catheter initially remains in place for up to a month while the tissue around it scars and forms a tract (sinus) between the bladder and the body exterior. After the formation of scar tissue is complete, the catheter is replaced periodically in order to help prevent infection.
Medical uses
Failed urethral catheter,
Long term usage (if left in urethral long terms catheters can lead to acquired hypospadias and recurrent/chronic UTIs, urinary tract infections).
Contraindications
Need to rule out bladder cancer in cases of clot retention
Lower abdominal incisions with likelihood of adhesions
Pelvic fracture
Complications
UTIs
Blockage
Bladder stones
Bladder cancer
Bypass track by urine
Society and culture
The "suprapubic cystotomy" is a specialty of the fictional physician Stephen Maturin in Patrick O'Brian's twenty-one volume series on the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic era. In modern medical terminology, "cystotomy" without the "s" refers to any surgical incision or puncture into the bladder, such as to remove urinary calculi or to perform tissue repair and reconstruction. "Cystostomy" is surgery specifically to provide drainage.
See also
List of surgeries by type
Bonanno catheter, originally designed for suprapubic cystostomy
References
External links
Cystostomy description
Vesicostomy care of infants and children
Urologic surgery
Catheters
New Paltz () is a U.S. town in Ulster County, New York. The population was 14,003 at the 2010 U.S. Census. The town is located in the southeastern part of the county and is south of Kingston. New Paltz contains a village, also with the name New Paltz. The town is named for Palz (), the dialect name of the Palatinate, called Pfalz () in standard German.
Due to the presence of what is now the State University of New York at New Paltz, it has been a college town for over 150 years.
History
The town of New Paltz was founded in 1678 by French Huguenots by both patent from the governor and purchase from the local Esopus tribe of the Lenape people. The Huguenots were religious refugees from France who had immigrated via Mannheim in the German Palatinate, where they had settled after fleeing France during religious persecution. They settled in the area of the present-day village of New Paltz (on what is now known as Huguenot Street Historic District) and established their own local government.
The size of the town increased with annexation from surrounding regions in 1775 and 1809. In 1842, part of New Paltz was removed to form the Town of Esopus. More of New Paltz was removed in order to form the towns of Rosendale (1844), Lloyd (1845), and Gardiner (1853).
Geography
The Wallkill River flows northward through New Paltz on its way to join the Rondout Creek, which in turn feeds into the Hudson River.
A portion of the Shawangunk Ridge is in the town.
Transportation
New Paltz is accessible by a number of different roads. Interstate 87 (the New York State Thruway) is the main thoroughfare and passes through in the eastern part and houses Exit 18 for Route 299. State routes that traverse through are Route 32, Route 208, and Route 299.
The nearest train station is about away, in Poughkeepsie. Both Amtrak and Metro-North trains serve Poughkeepsie. Adirondack Trailways also provides bus transportation from New Paltz into various locations across multiple states.
The western terminus of the Hudson Valley Rail Trail is located here. The hiking/biking path eventually crosses the Walkway Over The Hudson and becomes the Dutchess Rail Trail that ends in Hopewell Junction.
Education
New Paltz has four public schools, K-12 and is home to a college in the SUNY system.
Duzine Elementary School (K-2)
Lenape Elementary School (3-5)
New Paltz Middle School (6-8)
New Paltz High School (9-12).
State University of New York at New Paltz
The town is also home to several private schools, including Mountain Laurel Waldorf School (Pre-K through Grade 8), Montessori of New Paltz (Pre-K through Grade 3), and Huguenot Street Cooperative Nursery School (Pre-K).
Government
The town is governed by a town council, composed of four at-large members and a supervisor. There is also a village of New Paltz within the town, governed by a mayor and a board of trustees.
Sister city
Niimi, Okayama Prefecture, Japan
Notable people
Abe Attell, boxing champion
Terry Austin, comic book artist
Benjamin F. Church, pioneer
Charles Davis, NFL player and television commentator
Peter Dinklage, actor.
Lewis DuBois, military commander in the Continental Army
Louis DuBois, Huguenot colonist
Sandy Duncan, Broadway and television actor
Ronald Enroth (born 1938), Professor of Sociology at Westmont College.
Vladimir Feltsman, piano teacher
Mary Gordon, novelist
Hasbrouck family, one of the founding families of New Paltz
Jay Le Fevre, former US Congress member
Dana Lyons, musician
Ebony Obsidian, Actress
Greg Olear, author and podcaster
Floyd Patterson, heavyweight boxing champion
Sydney Schanberg, former journalist at the New York Times and professor at State University of New York at New Paltz
Keith Schiller, law enforcement officer and security expert
John Turturro, Hollywood actor
Andrew Yang, founder of Venture for America and 2020 candidate for U.S. president
Demographics
As of the census of 2016, there were 14,108 people, 4,455 households, and 2,347 families residing in the town. The population density was 378.4 inhabitants per square mile (146.1/km2). There were 4,679 housing units at an average density of 138.0 per square mile (53.3/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 82.16% (10,541) white, 5.99% (768) black or African American, 0.20% (25) Native American, 4.06 (520) Asian, 0.05% (6) Pacific Islander, 4.93% (632) from other races, and 2.62% (336) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.22% (1,054) of the population.
There were 4,455 households, out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.4% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.3% were non-families. 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 16.9% under the age of 18, 31.4% from 18 to 24, 23.7% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 86.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.0 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $40,542, and the median income for a family was $55,537. Males had a median income of $38,250 versus $26,629 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,436. About 6.8% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.9% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Historic places
Minnewaska State Park
Elting Memorial Library
Huguenot Street Historic District
Mohonk Mountain House
See also
References
External links
Town of New Paltz, N.Y.
Village of New Paltz, N.Y.
Huguenot history in the United States
Shawangunks
Wallkill River
French North America
Palatine German settlement in New York (state)
Towns in Ulster County, New York
Populated places established in 1678
1678 establishments in the Province of New York
Towns in the New York metropolitan area
Carlos Enrique Rentería Olaya (born 5 July 1995) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Portuguese club Académico de Viseu.
Club career
On 25 August 2021, they signed with Académico de Viseu in Portugal.
References
External links
1995 births
People from Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca
Living people
Colombian footballers
Association football midfielders
Deportivo Cali footballers
Tigres UANL footballers
FC Juárez footballers
Deportes Tolima footballers
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Sport Club do Recife players
Académico de Viseu F.C. players
Categoría Primera A player
Ascenso MX players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Liga Portugal 2 players
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
Thomas Carter ( – 3 June 1767) was an English politician. They were a Member of Parliament (MP) for Kingston upon Hull from 1747 to 1754.
References
1714 births
1767 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1747–1754
Shane Curran (born 2000) is an Irish entrepreneur.  They are the founder of Evervault, a technology company based in Dublin. They won the 53rd BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition in 2017 at the age of sixteen for their project entitled: “qCrypt: The quantum-secure, encrypted, data storage platform with multi-jurisdictional quorum sharing technology”, which provided a platform for long-term, secure data storage. In January 2018, Curran was named in the Forbes 30 Under 30 list.
Career
BT Young Scientist
Curran entered the 53rd BT Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition with their project entitled "qCrypt: The quantum-secure, encrypted, data storage platform with multijurisdictional quorum sharing technology". The project consisted of advancements in the field of post-quantum cryptography. Quantum computers are expected to render existing cryptography schemes obsolete once they come into existence. Curran's research investigated different ways to approach constructing a solution to the issue. On 13 January 2017 they were announced the BT Young Scientist and Technologist of the Year 2017 by Minister for Education and Skills, Mr. Richard Bruton, T.D and Shay Walsh, CEO, BT Ireland. They went on to represent Ireland at the 29th European Union Contest for Young Scientists which took place in Tallinn, Estonia in September 2017.
Evervault
In 2019, Curran founded Evervault, which builds encryption infrastructure for developers. The company is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland and has received backing from Sequoia Capital and Kleiner Perkins.
References
External links
Personal Website
Young Scientist and Technology Exhibition
2000 births
21st-century Irish people
Living people
Irish computer scientists
Businesspeople from Dublin (city)
Salesforce Tower (formerly known as Bank One Tower, then Chase Tower, and originally conceived as American Fletcher Tower) is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Indiana. Opening in 1990, it surpassed the AUL Tower (now OneAmerica Tower) in Indianapolis for the distinction. The building's twin spires' are tall, while the 48 floors of office and retail space and 2 building equipment floors above that peak at the roof. It is the regional headquarters of Salesforce, which moved into the tower in the late-2010s and currently occupies a large amount of space in the building. While the tower has two spires of equal height, only one of them is functional as a transmission antenna. The other mast is merely an architectural decoration. The building was designed by KlingStubbins, and built by Indianapolis-based Huber Hunt & Nichols.
The tower's step pyramidal cap reflects the design of the Indiana War Memorial, three blocks due north. The War Memorial, in turn, reflects the descriptions of the original Mausoleum. Because of the height of this building, its roof was specifically designed to house communications relay equipment, in order to provide additional revenue to the building's owners. Over the past several years, two large banners have occasionally been placed outside the north and south communication bullpen areas of the roof in support of two of the city's professional sports franchises. These "Go Pacers" and "Go Colts" signs are highly visible being on the tallest structure in the city.
Observation deck
The tower has no official observation deck, but views of the city can be seen from floors 27, 31, 32, 33, 35, 39, 40, 41, 43, and 44 in the common areas on the Ohio Street side (Tower side) of the complex. Additionally, views of Monument Circle and the immediate downtown area can be seen from floors 2 and 7 in the common areas on the Circle side of the complex. In 2017, electronic turnstiles were implemented in the tower as a security measure. In turn, the elevators are no longer accessible by the public. However Visitors Passes can be attained from the Security Desk in both the Circle and Tower-side lobbies. The tower can be seen from various spots around greater Indianapolis.
Background and history
The tower was originally conceived in the late 1970s by Frank E. McKinney, Jr., chairperson of American Fletcher Corporation, the holding company for American Fletcher National Bank and Trust Company (AFNB), which at the time was Indiana's largest financial institution, to allow for consolidation and expansion of their company's headquarters. Land was slowly being assembled for the building, with several predecessor structures along Ohio Street and Pennsylvania Street being demolished in those years and the early 1980s to clear the way for what McKinney hoped would soon be Indiana's tallest office tower.
Before construction of the building began, American Fletcher became the first major Indianapolis bank holding company to be sold to an out-of-state financial institution, agreeing in the spring of 1986 to merge with Ohio's rapidly growing Banc One Corporation. Upon consummation of that merger, Mr. McKinney became chairperson of Bank One's Indiana operations and tower planning picked up momentum. Ground was broken and construction began in 1988 on the newly designated Bank One Center Tower which was to be integrated with AFNB's existing headquarters complex on Monument Circle and adjacent Market Street.
This was done mainly to secure the prestigious Monument Circle address for the new tower, which rises between Ohio Street and Wabash Street (the east-west alley between Market and Ohio). Thus, the Ohio Street entrance to the tower is the complex's back door with a concourse-style passageway on the second level running over Scioto Street (the north-south alley between Pennsylvania and Meridian) to connect the skyscraper (and its attached parking garage along Pennsylvania Street) to the main entrance in the original 1960 American National Bank Building at 111 Monument Circle.
A separate skywalk across Scioto once connected the Circle Building to the adjacent Fletcher Trust Building at 10 E. Market Street, but that was later removed after the bank moved all operations formerly located in that structure into the new tower. The Fletcher Trust Building itself was subsequently sold and has since been renovated into a Hilton Garden Inn hotel. Banc One Corporation (later renamed Bank One Corporation) went through several additional major acquisitions before it was itself bought by J.P. Morgan Chase in the early 2000s. Upon consummation of that merger, the Indianapolis structure was renamed to become known as the Chase Tower, but Chase was not allowed to attach its name and logo to the top of the building until 2013 after the building changed owners.
On May 6, 2016, Salesforce announced plans to lease hundreds of thousands of square feet in the building and start moving employees there in early 2017. The building has now been rebranded as Salesforce Tower Indianapolis.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in the United States
List of the tallest buildings by U.S. state
List of the tallest buildings in Indianapolis
List of the tallest buildings in Indiana
Notes
External links
Salesforce Tower at SkyscraperPage
Salesforce Tower at Emporis
Salesforce Tower at SkyscraperCenter
Salesforce
Skyscraper office buildings in Indianapolis
Office buildings completed in 1990
JPMorgan Chase buildings
1990 establishments in Indiana
Vassilis Krommidas (, born July 4, 1970 in Thessaloniki) is a triathlete and coach from Greece best known for competing at the 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games.
Krommidas is a graduate of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki with a degree in Physical Education and Sports Sciences. They started their competitive career as a swimmer at the age of ten and later became a member of the Greek national swimming team. They took up triathlon in 1989. Throughout their career they posted numerous top finishes in various distance races. They were a member of the Greek national triathlon team for several years and has won the Greek Triathlon Championship a record eleven times.
In the early years of their career Krommidas competed mostly in long distances. They took 17th place at the 1994 Ironman World Championship in Hawaii and holds the course record for the Age Group M18-24 (8:55:02) ever since.
Other notable results include 10th place at the 1992 Ironman Europe in Roth (8:27:38), 4th place at the 1993 Ironman Podersdorf Austria (8:35:22) and 8th place at the 1994 Ironman Lanzarote (9:01:20). At the 1997 ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships in Nice (4 km / 120 km / 30 km) they took 8th place in 5:49:56.
They gradually shifted their focus to shorter distances. They competed at the first Olympic Triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and took 33rd place in 1:51:28. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, they competed again. They completed the swim in 18:20 but was forced to withdraw from the race during the cycling stage due to technical problems with theirs bike.
Krommidas' coaching career includes five years as the head coach of the Greek Triathlon Federation from 2005 to 2009. They have coached triathlete Deniz Dimaki, nine-time Greek national champion who participated in the women's triathlon in 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and has won a bronze medal at the ETU European Duathlon Championships in the same year. Krommidas also coached national triathletes Kostas Dovanas (four-time Greek male champion) and Zarina Kopina (2011 and 2012 Greek female champion) and they have been the Cyprus Triathlon National Team's coach since January 2011.
Nowadays they coach various levels of athletes from amateur to professional level. They regularly contribute articles on training and racing for endurance sports magazines.
References
External links
Vassilis Krommidas' Official Website
ITU Vassilis Krommidas Profile Page
Greek Triathlon Federation
1970 births
Living people
Greek male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Greece
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathlon coaches
Sportspeople from Thessaloniki
Swimmers from Thessaloniki
Athletes from Thessaloniki
Herophon (, ) son of Anaxagoras was a Macedonian sculptor of the 2nd and 1st centuries BC.  They are known from an inscription in Olympia, where they created a sculpture of Zeus for Eleans and other Greeks honouring Rome.
Herophon was also an envoy of Perseus of Macedon, sent to Eumenes II of Pergamon.
References
Elis-Olympia-Epigraphical Database - IvO 317
The Annals of the World by James Ussher
2nd-century BC Greek sculptors
Ancient Greek sculptors
Ancient Macedonian sculptors
2nd-century BC Macedonians
Ancient Macedonians in Greece proper
Roman-era Macedonians
Roman Olympia
A. glandulosa may refer to:
Aechmea glandulosa, a plant species endemic to Brazil
Alchornea glandulosa, a tree species native to South America
Ansonia glandulosa, a toad species endemic to Indonesia
Archidendropsis glandulosa, a legume species found only in New Caledonia
Arbutus glandulosa, a plant species found in Guatemala and Mexico
Arctostaphylos glandulosa, the Eastwood's manzanita, a shrub species native to the coastal slopes of western North America from Oregon to Baja California
See also
The women's marathon at the 2003 World Championships in Paris, France, was held on Sunday, 31 August 2003, starting at 14:20h local time.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
Athletics at the 2003 Pan American Games – Women's marathon
2003 World Marathon Cup
Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's marathon
References
Results
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
2003 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in France
nl:IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 2003
Athos II was a passenger and cargo liner for Compagnie des Messageries Maritimes making their maiden voyage from Marseilles 25 March 1927 starting on the line's Far East service serving Marseilles, Malaya, Indo-China, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Kobe and Yokohama. The ship, laid down in 1923 and launched 12 November 1925, had been completed by Aktien-Gesellschaft „Weser", Bremen and delivered to the French as part of World War I reparations. After a 1937 refit, including boilers increasing speed to , Athos II resumed Far East service.
The ship started World War II in French national service until captured by the Allies in North Africa and then being turned over to the United States War Shipping Administration by Free French authorities at Casablanca for operation as a troop transport allocated to the United States Army until returned to the French government in March 1946.
Athos II transported French troops to French Indochina, Korea, during the Suez intervention and lastly Algeria in the postwar years as well as a period carrying North African pilgrims to Jeddah.
World War II
French national service
At the outbreak of World War II Athos II was still on the Far Eastern route but on 1 February 1940 at Colombo, Celyon joined the Australian/New Zealand convoy, designated US1 for secrecy and transporting about 13,500 troops to North Africa, under an escort then led by . After passage through the Suez Canal and return to France Athos II began Marseilles, Egypt and Syria service until the 22 June 1940 German-French armistice when the ship was laid up at Alexandria, Egypt along with other French ships seized in the Suez Canal and Egyptian waters. In addition to the merchant ships was a French naval force, Force X, under Admiral Rene-Emile Godfroy that had been operating with the British fleet out of Alexandria. After the fall of France with German controlled Vichy France controlling French ports the French were faced with the options of continuing with the Allies under General de Gaulle, demilitarizing or being sunk by the British. The British action against the French fleet at Oran stalled demilitarization but that resumed after further negotiations with the result reduction of French fleet's manpower, some 4,000 men, to one-third was required. Two thousand French sailors had already left Alexandria when Athos II was allowed to sail on 13 July 1940 with the 1,000 remaining personnel of Force X and some merchant crew members to France. In September 1940 repatriated French troops from Syria and then became the guard ship at Algiers until captured by the Allies in November 1942 during Operation Torch.
Allied service with United States War Shipping Administration
On 8 March 1943 Athos II was turned over to United States War Shipping Administration (WSA) control by French Authorities at Casablanca and on 1 April 1943 began operation as a WSA transport allocated to the United States Army and operated by French Lines, Inc. as agent.
Athos II underwent conversion May—November 1943 for WSA troop service by Turbine Engineering Corporation of New York. In December the ship made a voyage to the United Kingdom, returning in January, 1944. On 21 January 1944 the ship left New York for the Southwest Pacific but engine trouble forced a return to Panama from the Galápagos Islands before again getting underway on 8 March. In continuing the round-the-world trip Athos II then called at Bora Bora, Fremantle, Bombay, Cape Town, departing 8 May but again having to undergo repairs until 9 June, crossing the Atlantic to Recife to arrive 1 July 1944 in New York. Subsequent operations were between New York and Naples, Le Havre, Southampton and Plymouth. After two round trips to Naples the ship underwent extensive repairs in New York before resuming operations in February 1945. On a return from a Le Havre and Southampton voyage the ship again suffered engine problems and had to put into Horta, Azores in December 1945 where troops were transferred to . Athos II returned to New York after repairs and was released from troop transport service January 1946 to be returned to French authorities by WSA.
Return to French service
On 23 March 1946 Athos II was turned over to the French Shipping Mission at New York.
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
External links
L'ATHOS II (extensive photographic collection)
Le retour de l'ATHOS II à la France début 1946
British Pathé silent film: French Volunteers For Korea (1950) (close shots of ship and troops boarding)
British Pathé silent film: New Troops In Algeria 1956 (Troops debarking Athos II in Algeria)
List of children on board the SS Athos II who came to the United States from Marseilles, France. All of them had been cared for by OSE (United States Holocaust Memorial Museum)
Builder's hull drawings
Builder's deck plan
1925 ships
Passenger ships of France
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Troop ships of the War Shipping Administration
Troop ships of France
Gruffudd ab Adda (fl. mid 14th century) was a Welsh language poet and musician. Gruffudd was a contemporary of Dafydd ap Gwilym, whose death they mourned in elegy.
See also
Gruffudd ab Adda at Wikisource
Welsh-language poets
14th-century Welsh poets
"Babylon Revisited" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald, written in 1930 and first published on February 21, 1931 in the Saturday Evening Post and free inside The Telegraph, the following Saturday.
The story is set in the year after the stock market crash of 1929, just after what Fitzgerald called the Jazz Age. Brief flashbacks take place in the Jazz Age. Also it shows several references to the Great Depression and how the character had to adapt their life to it. Much of it is based on the author's own experiences.
Summary
"I heard that you lost a lot in the crash."
"I did," and they added grimly, "but I lost everything I wanted in the boom."
"Babylon Revisited" is split into five sections, and the short story begins with Charlie Wales sitting at Ritz Bar in Paris; they are having a conversation with the bartender, Alix. While in conversation with Alix the bartender, they inquire about their old friends whom they used to drink and attend parties with. They leave the bartender with an address where their friends might be able to find him; later on they realize that is a mistake. During the years of the Roaring Twenties, Charlie Wales spent their days drinking and partying and seemed not to have a single care in the world. At the time the story is set, Charlie sees the world differently, as they are no longer consumed by the extravagant lifestyle of the 1920s they once lived. They were a frequent drinker and party goer but now only allows themselves to have one drink per day. They eventually leaf the bar and observes the streets of Paris with a sense of nostalgia now that the party days are over but also acknowledges how much their previous behavior and lifestyle have impacted their life in negative ways.
During the Roaring Twenties, Charlie had lost everything, from money to their family. But they are now in Paris to reclaim their rights as a father to their daughter, Honoria, who is currently under the care of Charlie's sister-in-law, Marion Peters, and their husband, Lincoln Peters. Honoria is now in custody of their aunt Marion because their mother, Helen, had died during the party years, and Marion blames Charlie for the death of their sister. Charlie and Helen were frequent party goers, and as the story progresses, the reader learns that one night Charlie got angry about their wife kissing another man and left them out in the snow. The story indicates that while Honoria's mother might have had some issues with their heart, they also are recovering from alcoholism at a facility and their relationship might have been toxic. Marion blames Charlie for the death of their sister and constantly sees them as a bad person. The story reveals that they have this grudge against them because they hated that their sister and Charlie were out spending so much money on unnecessary partying while they and their husband, Lincoln, were barely getting by. They fear that Marion will put ideas in Honoria's head and turn their daughter against them because of their beliefs about him.
Charlie has frequent lunches with their daughter and spends time with them at the Peterses' to show Marion that they are indeed a good father and to show them that their drunken party days are behind him. Their main priority is their daughter, and they want them to live with them in Prague. Honoria even begins to question them about why they are not living with him. Marion, seeing their efforts, has finally changed their mind and has decided to let Honoria live with their father. The same afternoon, Charlie is at the Peterses' home with their daughter when suddenly there is someone at the door. On the other side are their old friends Duncan and Lorraine, whom they had asked the bartender Alix about. Their friends are very obviously drunk and keep insisting that Charlie go to dinner with them; they turn down their offer twice, and they finally go away unhappy with him. Marion, observing this, after dinner completely withdraws their offer to let Charlie take their daughter back to Prague with him, for they fear they are not completely over their drunken days.
Charlie feels devastated and sees their efforts have gone down the drain. They go back to the Ritz, thinking they would run into Lorraine and Duncan there but instead finding another bartender they knew well from their partying days. They have a short conversation, and Charlie continues to reminisce about their old partying days and all of the bad times in their marriage with Helen.  They are consumed with thoughts about the 1920s, when people were so careless, drunk and on drugs all the time. After some time, they call Lincoln and asks if they really can't take their daughter back with him. Lincoln informs them that they cannot because Marion is far too upset at what happened and that they are going to have to wait another six months to try to get their daughter back. Charlie, upset at Lincoln's response, goes back to the bar and sits. They feel trapped and broods over how much time will have to pass until Marion stops making them pay for their former lifestyle and mistakes. They keep thinking and is certain Helen would want them to be with their daughter and not alone.
List of characters
Charles J. Wales - American business person living in Prague, widower, who occasionally goes to Paris to see their daughter Honoria
Helen Wales - Charles's late wife
Honoria Wales - 9-year-old daughter of Charles and Helen
Marion Peters - Charles's sister-in-law (Helen's sister)
Lincoln Peters - Marion's husband
Duncan Scheaffer - Old friend of Charles
Lorraine Quarrels - Old friend of Charles
Alix - Barman at the Ritz, Paris
Elsie and Richard Peters - Honoria's cousins, children of Marion and Lincoln
Simone - Honoria's doll
Mr Campbell, George Hardt, Snow Bird, Claude Fessenden - Old friends of Charles, merely quoted in the story
Paul - Head bartender at the Ritz, also merely quoted in the story
Major themes
Time
A major theme of the story is of time and the inevitability of past mistakes resurfacing. Due to Charlie's incapability to cope after the stock market crash, they try to make up for all of the years that they missed out on during Honoria's childhood by proving their sobriety to their sister-in-law Marion. Charlie recognizes the mistakes they made in the past that caused them to lose their daughter in the first place, and their constant longing for a future with their results in their past coming back to haunt him.
Dislocation and alienation
During the modernist literary movement during which this story was written, a common theme was that of dislocation and alienation. After losing their wife, and then eventually their daughter, Charlie feels an overwhelming sense of loneliness. Following the Great Depression and the stock market crash, they are confronted with the consequences of their foolish and incautious past, causing them to find the motivation to win custody of their daughter to ease the pain of their miserable solitude.
Absurdity and guilt
Especially present in this story is the theme of absurdity and incongruity as well as immense guilt. Charlie made their life better for themselves and then had their goals and dreams taken away from them by the failure to take their daughter back under their own wing. Charlie's past experiences caused them to fail in achieving Honoria's custody despite hard work and dedication to remaking themselves to become a better person and a better father.  They are burdened with guilt because of their past mistakes that caused them to lose their daughter, even though they made a valiant effort to rebuild their morale.
Hopefulness and disappointment
Throughout the story, Charlie builds an enormous amount of hope for the retrieval of their daughter. Charlie's euphoria continues to grow as they become more and more hopeful of this preferred outcome. At the end of the story, they are faced with the disappointment of losing this chance to rekindle the relationship between themselves and their daughter.
Basis in real life
The story is based on a true incident regarding Fitzgerald, their daughter Scottie, their sister-in-law Rosalind and their husband Newman Smith (a banker based in Belgium, who was a colonel in the U.S. Army in World War II would be in charge of worldwide strategic deception for the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff), on whom Marion and Lincoln Peters are based. Rosalind and Newman had not been able financially to live as well as Scott and Zelda had lived during the 1920s, and they had always regarded Scott as an irresponsible drunkard whose obsession with high living was responsible for Zelda's mental problems. When Zelda suffered a breakdown and was committed to a sanitarium in Switzerland, Rosalind felt that Scott was unfit to raise their daughter and that Rosalind and Newman should adopt them
In popular culture
"Babylon Revisited" was adapted for the 1954 film The Last Time I Saw Paris with the setting updated to post-WWII Paris and main character Charles turned into an aspiring novelist.
In the television series Mad Men, the character Betty Draper is seen reading the story in the season two episode Three Sundays.
See also
Babylon Revisited and Other Stories
References
External links
Text of "Babylon Revisited" at Project Gutenberg Australia
"Babylon Revisited" Study Guide by Lina Goldberg
Expostulation and Thesis by Thomas A. Larson
"Babylon Revisited" in a nutshell at shmoop.com
Short stories by F. Scott Fitzgerald
1931 short stories
Works originally published in The Saturday Evening Post
Short stories adapted into films
Invictus is the debut solo effort from longtime Nile drummer-percussionist George Kollias. The self-produced record was released in 2015 through Season of Mist. Whilst playing the bulk of the instruments himself, they included various guest cameos by popular underground metal artists, such as Nile bandmates Dallas Toler-Wade and Karl Sanders, as well as Firewind guitarist/keyboardist Bob Katsionis.
Track listing
All songs written and arranged by George Kollias.
"Echoes of Divinity" (1:12)
"Invictus" (6:14)
"The Passage" (3:40)
"Aeons of Burning Galaxies" (5:19)
"Shall Rise/Shall Be Dead" (5:33)
"Voices" (6:39)
"Treasure of Nemesis" (5:35)
"Apocalypse" (3:58)
"Epitaph" (4:31)
"Through Empty Eyes of Light" (6:06)
"Buried Under the Flames" (6:09)
Bonus tracks
"Aeons of Burning Galaxies" (R. Cooley Shred Version) 5:19
"Voices (Etfhimis Karadimas Vox Version) 6:41
"Epitaph" (drum track only) 4:13
"Apocalypse" (Andras Trapalis violin version) 3:55
Personnel
George Kollias: Rhythm Guitars, Lead Guitar (track 9), Keyboards, Synthesizers, Bass, Drums, Percussion, Vocals
Rusty Cooley: Lead Guitar on track 4 and bonus track 1
Dallas Toler-Wade: Lead Guitar on track 2
Yiannis Papadopoulos (musician): Lead Guitar on tracks 3 and 10
Mike Breazeale: Speech and Spoken Word on track 1
George Emmanuel: Lead Guitar on track 5
Karl Sanders: Lead Guitar on track 6
Theodore Ziras: Lead Guitar on track 7
Bob Katsionis: Lead Guitar on track 8
Mike Papadopolous: Lead Guitar on track 11
2015 debut albums
George Kollias (drummer) albums
Season of Mist albums
Morvin is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.
Geography
Morvin is located at . and is intersected by Alabama State Route 69 and Clarke County Highway 20.
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Clarke County, Alabama
Teschenmoschel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
St. Joseph Parish was originally built to serve Polish immigrants in Claremont, New Hampshire, United States. It was founded in 1922, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Manchester.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
References
External links
http://www.catholicnh.org/
Churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manchester
Claremont
Roman Catholic parishes and churches in New Hampshire
Churches in Sullivan County, New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Claremont, New Hampshire
Hementerin is a metalloprotease found in the saliva of a hematophagous leech, Haementeria depressa, which is responsible for the anticoagulant property of the animal's bite to prolong blood sucking from the host. It was discovered in 1955 at the Butantan Institute, in São Paulo, Brazil, by Gastão Rosenfeld and collaborators.
Mechanism of Action
Hementerin is a protease, i.e., it carries out an enzymatic cleaving of a plasma protein involved in rapid blood coagulation called fibrinogen. The absence of a significant amount of plasma fibrinogen retards coagulation, thus it is a naturally occurring anticoagulant. Hementerin breaks the alpha (FGA), gamma (FGG) and beta (FGB) chains, by degrading cross-linked fibrin. It has no degrading action on amide, plasminogen and casein. In addition, hementerin inhibits platelet aggregation induced by collagen via the activation of a nitridergic pathway. Inhibition is probably achieved by enhanced nitric oxide synthase activity. Calcium is a cofactor (ligand) in this activity. The fibrinolytic activity is inhibited by EDTA, a metal chelator agent, which removes zinc from the molecule.
Molecular Composition
Hementerin is an 80 kDa protein. A fragment of 30 aminoacids of its N-terminal sequence is known: XTLSEPEPTC SIEYFRYQAI EDCEYSISVK.
References
Hementerin. UNIPROT. Last modified March 21, 2012. Version 4.
Proteases
Anticoagulants
EC 3.4
Brian James Johnson "Johnno" (26 June 1956 – 12 January 2016) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played as a in the 1970s and 1980s, and coached in the 1980s and 1990s. They played in Sydney for the St George Dragons and Eastern Suburbs clubs, and in England for Warrington.
Playing career
A Dapto junior, Johnson's only representative appearance was for Country New South Wales in 1978.
St. George Dragons
They started their Sydney career at St. George Dragons in 1979, and played . They played six first grade seasons at St. George Dragons and was a crowd favourite at Kogarah Oval and played over 140 games. They won a Premiership in their first year at the Dragons in 1979.
Their last year in the Sydney premiership was 1986 and Johnson joined Eastern Suburbs for one season, then moved to England and joined Warrington. They had three seasons at Warrington and scored 48 tries with the club, winning the Premiership Final in their first season.
County Cup Final appearances
Johnson played , and scored a try in Warrington's 8-34 defeat by Wigan in the 1985 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1985–86 season at Knowsley Road, St Helens, on Sunday 13 October 1985, and played in the 16-28 defeat by Wigan in the 1987 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1987–88 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Sunday 11 October 1987.
John Player Special Trophy Final appearances
Johnson played in Warrington's 4-18 defeat by Wigan in the 1986–87 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1986–87 season at Burnden Park, Bolton on Saturday 10 January 1987.
Coaching
In 1988-89 season Johnson became head coach at Warrington. They guided the team to the Lancashire Cup victory in 1989. Brian Johnson was the coach in Warrington's 14-36 defeat by Wigan in the 1990 Challenge Cup Final during the 1989–90 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 28 April 1990, in front of a crowd of 77,729. Under Johnson, Warrington also won the Regal Trophy in 1990-91 season. In 1993–94 season Warrington finished third in the league on points difference behind Wigan and Bradford Northern. The following season Warrington made the Regal Trophy Final once more, again losing to Wigan. They resigned from their position in January 1996 in the Rugby League Centenary Season following a club record 80–0 defeat against St. Helens at Knowsley Road. Johnson was later employed by the AIS as a rugby league coach.
Death
Johnson died from Alzheimer's Disease on 12 January 2016. They were survived by their wife and two sons.
References
1956 births
2016 deaths
Australian Institute of Sport coaches
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Deaths from dementia in New South Wales
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Rugby league fullbacks
St. George Dragons players
Sydney Roosters players
Warrington Wolves coaches
Warrington Wolves players
National Lampoon The Naked and The Nude: Hollywood and Beyond is a humor book that was published by Harmony Books in 1976 as a trade paperback. It was a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine.
The cover of the book says that it was "directed by" Brian McConnachie, an Emmy award-winning writer who was one of the major contributors to National Lampoon magazine.
References
Amazon listing
National Lampoon books
1976 books
Future Leaders of the World is a rock band formed in 2003. The band released their debut album, LVL IV in 2004, before going through a period of being named Machina, featuring former Evanescence members guitarist John LeCompt and drummer Rocky Gray. After a hiatus, the band reformed in 2014 and released another album under the "Future Leaders of the World" name, Reveal, in March 2015.
History
Formation and LVL IV
Future Leaders of the World was formed by guitarist and singer Phil Taylor, who formed the group in Buffalo, New York with drummer Carl Messina and bassist Toby Cole. Taylor recorded a demo with Shawn Rivera of Az Yet and executive producer Allan Fray in Los Angeles. At a later time, Jake Stutevoss was also added on guitar. The group signed with Epic Records and released a full-length album, LVL IV. The album reached No. 153 on the Billboard 200 on the strength of the US hit singles "Let Me Out" (No. 6 Mainstream Rock, No. 32 Modern Rock Charts ) and "Everyday" (No. 30 Mainstream Rock). The group toured with groups such as Shinedown, Seether, Crossfade, Chevelle, and Alter Bridge, but during their dates on the Sno-Core tour, they learned that Epic planned to dissolve their contract, and the group disbanded.
Machina
Taylor and with former Evanescence members John LeCompt (guitar), Rocky Gray (drums), along with Jack Wiese (guitar) and Thad Ables (bass) formed a new band, Machina. Since the departure of Gray and LeCompt from Evanescence in May 2007, the band has kept up a relentless touring schedule and finished a full-length record produced and mixed by Toby Wright at the SoundKitchen in Nashville, TN. The lead single "Trust" received moderate airplay on radio stations across the US and has yet to release a second single.
In 2012, Machina has signed to Rogue Records America and released their debut album "To Live and Die in the Garden of Eden" on October 9 which is available in both digitally and physically on iTunes and CMDistro.com.
2009: The Return of Future Leaders of the World
After a brief hiatus the former vocalist Phil Taylor announced on the band's MySpace blog that they began the project again and the band reformed in 2009. The band released an EP titled Delirium with 3 tracks from the upcoming new full album titled Reveal. This EP includes an acoustic version of "Let Me Out" as well. The band's current line-up includes Jeremy "13" on bass, Ian Severson on guitar, Russell Bullock on drums, and frontman Phil Taylor. In 2014 the band struck a deal with Chicago-based label Pavement Entertainment/SonyRed. The new album Reveal, was released on March 10, 2015 led by the first single, "Live Again" on XM Sirius Radio. In support of the new album, the band engaged in a full winter tour with fellow rockers Saliva, as well as embarking upon on a tour of Japan and full USA tour to coincide with the release of Reveal. Currently, Future Leaders of the World lead vocalist/guitarist Phil Taylor has teamed up with Grammy-Nominated rock/pop drummer and percussionist Lester Estelle (Pillar, Kelly Clarkson) to record a new 7 song acoustic albums this fall at, "Off The Wall Studios," w/ Grammy nominated, multi-platinum producer Robert Venable. The new album entitled, "RISE," via Label Group Ent/TaylorMaydMusik/INGROOVES Universal, will be released in December 2015 with a winter tour to follow in support.
Discography
Studio albums
LVL IV (2004)
To Live And Die in the Garden of Eden (as Machina) (2012)
Reveal (2015)
EPs
Machina EP (2007)
Delirium EP (2009)
Compilations
Bootlegs & B-Sides (2009)
Members
Machina
Phil Taylor – vocals
John LeCompt – guitar, backup vocals
Thad Ables – bass
Rocky Gray – drums
Jack Wiese – guitar
Future Leaders of the world
Phil Taylor – vocals, guitar, bass
Former members
Toby Cole – bass
Jake Stutevoss – guitar, backup vocals
Bill Hershey – bass
Carl Messina – drums
Jeremy "13" – bass
Erik McGreevy– bass
Ian Severson – guitar
Jarred Mosely – bass
Russell Bullock – drums
References
External links
Machina MySpace
Machina YouTube Channel
Machina Facebook
Machina Twitter
Former EVANESCENCE Members Sign MACHINA Deal With ROGUE RECORDS - September 12, 2012 http://www.blabbermouth.net/news.aspx?mode=Article&newsitemID=179346
Album Review of Machina's To Live and Die in the Garden of Eden http://pittsburghmusicmagazine.com/2012/10/17/machinas-to-live-and-die-in-the-garden-of-eden/
American post-grunge musical groups
Rock music groups from Arkansas
Musical groups from Buffalo, New York
Musical groups from Little Rock, Arkansas
Rock music groups from New York (state)
Yan Zihao (; born 18 January 1995) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays as a left-back or left winger for Chinese Super League side Cangzhou Mighty Lions.
Club career
Yan Zihao was selected to go to football training camps held in Portugal to help in their youth development, in a scheme that was sponsored by the Chinese Football Association. Their time in Portugal would see them join the senior team teams of lower league sides Cova da Piedade and Torreense. On 1 February 2016, Yan would return to China with second tier football club Tianjin Quanjian for the start of the 2016 China League One season. They would make their debut on 8 May 2016 in a league game against Qingdao Jonoon in a 3-2 victory where they came on as a substitute for Wang Jie. After the game they would start to become a regular within the team and help them win the division title and promotion to the top tier. The following season saw the club bring in experienced left-back Mi Haolun, which saw Yan lose their place within the team and they were loaned out to third tier club Jiangsu Yancheng in the 2018 league season.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Tianjin Quanjian F.C.
China League One: 2016
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
China youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Campeonato de Portugal (league) players
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
China League Two players
U.D. Oliveirense players
Sporting CP footballers
C.D. Cova da Piedade players
S.C.U. Torreense players
Tianjin Tianhai F.C. players
Qingdao F.C. players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
The Battle of Langside was fought on 13 May 1568 between forces loyal to Mary, Queen of Scots, and forces acting in the name of their infant son James VI. Mary's short period of personal rule ended in 1567 in recrimination, intrigue, and disaster when, after their capture at Carberry Hill, they were forced to abdicate in favour of James VI, their infant son. Mary was imprisoned in Loch Leven Castle, while their Protestant half-brother, James Stewart, Earl of Moray, was appointed Regent on behalf of their nephew. In early May 1568 Mary escaped, heading west to the country of the Hamiltons, high among their remaining supporters, and the safety of Dumbarton Castle with the determination to restore their rights as queen. Mary was defeated and went into exile and captivity in England. The battle can be regarded as the start of the Marian civil war.
Queen's Men
Mary's abdication had not been universally popular, even among sections of the Protestant nobility, and news of their escape were widely welcomed. With an escort of fifty horse led by Lord Claud Hamilton they arrived in Lanarkshire, soon to be joined by a wide cross-section of the nobility, including the Earls of Argyll, Cassillis, Rothes, and Eglinton, the Lords Sommerville, Yester, Livingston, Herries, Fleming, Ross, numerous of the feudal barons, and their followers. Within a few days Mary had managed to gather a respectable force of some 6,000 men.
Mary declared at Hamilton that their abdication, and their consent to the coronation of James, had been extorted from them under duress. An act of council was then passed, declaring the whole process by which Moray had been appointed as Regent to be treasonable. On 8 May a bond was drawn up by those present for their restitution, signed by eight earls, nine bishops, eighteen lords, twelve abbots, and nearly one hundred barons. Mary would later write that their enemies were only five miles away.
Mary's march
It was Mary's intention to avoid battle if possible, retiring instead to Dumbarton Castle, still held for them by John Fleming, 5th Lord Fleming. Here they would be in a virtually impregnable position, well placed to receive the expected reinforcements from the north, and then recover their hold over the country by degrees. With the intention of by-passing Moray they marched to Rutherglen castle meeting loyal supporters and then on a wide circuit past Glasgow, intending to move by way of Langside, Crookston, and Paisley back towards the River Clyde, and then on to Dumbarton on the north side of the Clyde estuary. Moray drew up their army on the moor close to the village of Langside, then several miles south of Glasgow but now well within the city. Kirkcaldy, keeping an eye on the enemy movements, noted that they were keeping to the south of the River Cart, the Regent's army being on the opposite bank. In response they ordered hackbutters (musketeers) to mount behind each of their horsemen, rapidly fording the river, and placing them among the cottages, hedges, and gardens of the village, which bordered each side of a narrow lane, through which Mary's army must defile. Meanwhile Moray continued to deploy the rest of the army, the vanguard under the command of the Earl of Morton leading the march across a nearby bridge. The whole army then deployed the right around the village. No sooner was this complete than the Queen's vanguard, commanded by Lord Hamilton, began its advance through the village. The battle was now under way.
Guns and pikes
Mary's army was commanded by Argyll, who was to show little in the way of real military skill, seemingly hoping simply to push Moray aside by sheer force of numbers. George Buchanan wrote that Argyll fainted at one point, though this is almost certainly a rumour spread by their enemies. With their army now engaged, the Queen stood half a mile distance to the rear, close to Cathcart Castle on a mound since named as the Court Knowe. As Hamilton attempted to force a passage through Langside they were met by close fire from Grange's hackbutters. Many in the front ranks were killed, throwing the remainder back on those following, and adding to the general confusion. Hamilton pushed on, finally reaching the top of a hill, only to find the main enemy army drawn up in good order. Morton with the border pikemen advanced to intercept Mary's vanguard. Both sides now met in 'push of pike'. According to James Melville of Halhill the forest of inter-locked spears was now so thick that staves and discharged pistols thrown at the enemy simply rested on the shafts rather than falling to the ground.
Grange, whom Moray had allowed considerable leeway, continued to act with courage and distinction. According to James Melville, "the Regent committed unto the laird of Grange, the special care, as an experienced captain, to oversee every danger, to ride to every wing and encourage and make help where the greatest height was". The battle was now at its height and the outcome still doubtful, until Grange saw that the right wing of the Regent's army-consisting of the barons of Renfrewshire-was beginning to lose ground. They immediately galloped to the main battalion and brought reinforcements. This was done so effectively, and the counter-attack pressed with such force, that it broke the enemy ranks. Moray, who hitherto had stood on the defensive, repulsing Mary's cavalry, now charged at the main enemy battalion, the fight now joined all along the line. The Queen's men crumbled, the fugitives being closely pursued by a party of Highlanders. The Battle of Langside, which had lasted for some forty-five minutes, was over.
Aftermath
Mary's biographer, Antonia Fraser, describes the Battle of Langside as a "colossal defeat" for Mary. Only one of Moray's men was killed, whereas over 100 of Mary's men were lost, a figure that almost certainly would have been much higher but for Moray's decision to avoid further bloodshed by ordering a halt to the pursuit. Over 300 of Mary's men were taken prisoner, including Lord Seton and Sir James Hamilton and many of their Clan. Mary and their escort rode off, first trying to reach Dumbarton Castle, but then turning south, eventually arriving at Dundrennan Abbey. From here they left for England, never to see Scotland again.
Mary crossed the Solway Firth to Workington on 16 May 1568 at night with twenty companions. This unexpected event provoked a dispute amongst the English border officials. On the next day they moved to Cockermouth and was greeted by Richard Lowther, the deputy of Lord Scrope at Carlisle Castle. Lowther escorted Mary to Carlisle on 18 May. Meanwhile, the Earl of Northumberland who was at Topcliffe heard the news from Workington, which was in their jurisdiction. The Earl obtained a letter of authority from the Council of the North at York to be the Scottish Queen's host and to "let none of them escape." When the Earl arrived at Carlisle on 22 May, Richard Lowther defied him, and the Vice-Chamberlain of England, Francis Knollys, upheld Lowther's actions.
Over the next five years Mary's supporters in Scotland continued a civil war with the Regents of Scotland.
Queen and King's men
A contemporary list of leading supporters on both sides at the battle survives. From this list and other evidence, Gordon Donaldson analysed the allegiances of Scottish families during the 16th century to the cause of Mary, to English or French policy, and to the Scottish Reformation, in their All the Queen's Men (Edinburgh, 1983).
For the Queen:
Killed on Queen's side:
For Regent Moray and the King:
Prisoners (taken by Regent Moray):
Notes
References
Bain, Joseph, Calendar of Scottish Papers 1563-1569, Edinburgh, 1900.
Fraser, Antonia, Mary Queen of ScotsOrion, London, 1969.
Melville, Sir James, Memoirs of Their Own Life, 1549-1593, 1827.
Tytler, Patrick Fraser The History of Scotland, vol. VII, 1840.
Scott, Alexander Malcolm, The Battle of Langside MDLXVIII, Glasgow, 1885.
External links
Langside Heritage Trail
Langside & Battlefield architecture Features commemorative plaque of battle.
A contemporary report of the battle in French digitised by the Bibliothèque nationale de France
1568 in Scotland
Langside 1568
Langside
History of Glasgow
Sivasailanathar Paramakalyani Amman Kovil, popularly known as Sivasailam Temple, is a Hindu temple in Sivasailam village of Tamil Nadu, India. It is located 3 miles from Alwarkurichi in Tenkasi District. It is "an old Siva temple of large size, well sculptured and containing inscriptions." Sivasailam is surrounded by Velli Malai (Silver Hill), Western Ghats and Mulli Malai, and is located beside the Gadananathi River. It is one of the shrines of the Vaippu Sthalams.
Religious significance
Appearance of Shivalingam
It is told that a landlord had many cows in their house. Usually, they made their labourers milk the cows, but one day all the cows refused to give milk. The labourers complained about this leading the owner to get angry and they chased all their cows and labourers from their house. All the cows gathered on a hill with a rock upon it and flooded their milk upon the rock. On the place of this flooding of milk a shivalingam appeared.  They are known as Sivasailanathar. Sivasailanathar is the main god for the temple.
Sivasailanathar saved a priest
It is told that once a pandya king came to the temple and received prasadam from the priest. The priest gave them a garland in which there was a hair. The king got angry with the priest. However, as the priest was pure and truly devoted to Sivasailanathar, Sivasailanathar thought to save the priest and they sent a vision to the king to not get angry with the priest and gave them a vision of shivalingam. The king became very happy.
Architecture
Statue of Shivasailanathar
The statue is said to have been made without any touch of chisel. The statue of Suyambuligam (Shivan) is said to have been formed naturally.
At the back of the statue, there are lines that appear like hair, so they are also called Sadaiappar.
Tower statues and ritual pavilions
The Vimana is spectacularly gilded.
The main gopuram has five floors and is adorned with many statues.
In the south direction of the temple, there is an east facing statue of Vinayagar.
In the north direction, a statue of the Tamil God Murugan is placed.
In the south direction, 63 Nayanmars statue and Suriyan and Chandran statues are placed, and a statue of Dakshinamurthy facing south is placed.
The temple has a number of mandapam (ritual pavilions) for Nartha, Maa, Aartha and Mani.
the distance between the statues of Sivasailanathar (Shiva) and their consort Paramakalyani Amman Sannithi (Parvathi) is nearly 15 feet.
The statue of Paramakalyani Amman (Mother Paramakalyani) with emerald green cheeks gives grace to devotees.
In the south of Mani mandapam, a statue of Nadaraja Perumal is placed.
Statue of Nandi
The representation of Nandi in the temple is particularly noted. Nandikeshvarar statue looks like an ox sitting upon its folded tail. This statue demonstrates the special character of Tamil and the artistic work of the artist.
Stone inscriptions
Stone Inscription no.519 of Sivasailam Temple was found in Poovankurichi lake in 1916. The inscription tells that Jamindars of Ambur, Alwarkurichi, Kadayam, Krishnapuram, Poovankurichi collected tax from people for god.
In 1916 another inscription was found in Kizha Ambur. It is Stone Inscription no.518 and tells about King Ravivarman.
Manimandapam
A manimandapam (memorial) is located on the bank of the river Gadananathi.
Sculpture among the pillars
In the pillars of the mandapam, a lion crest or sculpture is seen.
On the inner side of the pandal mandapam many coloured flowers are depicted.
The temple has two wooden chariots, one is large and the other is small. The large chariot is for Sivasailanathar and the smaller is for their consort, Amman.
References
External links
TripAdvisor (photographs)
Muvar Thevara Vaippu Thalangal, மூவர் தேவார வைப்புத்தலங்கள், athIccuram, Sl.No.8.2 of 139 temples
Shiva Temples, தேவார வைப்புத்தலங்கள், அத்தீச்சுரம், Sl.No.6 of 133 temples, page1
Hindu temples in Tirunelveli district
Tirunelveli
Shiva temples in Tirunelveli district
Arcus AS is Norway's largest wholesaler of wine and liquor. It was created when it was demerged from the state-owned wine and liquor retailer Vinmonopolet on January 1, 1996. The retailing operations were kept in Vinmonopolet; import, export, production, and storage were transferred to Arcus.
In July 2001 the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry sold 66% of the company to Sucra. Sucra were also in 2001 granted an option to purchase the rest of the company, which they did in 2003. In 2005 Sucra sold Arcus to the Swedish investment company Ratos, including the partial ownership of Braastad. In 2012 Danish Distillers (Aalborg Taffel, etc., Gammel Dansk) was bought from Pernod Ricard. But the akvavit brand Brøndums snaps, which was a brand of Danish Distillers since a merger in 1893, had to be divested because of the dominant position of Danish Distillers in the Danish market. This akvavit brand was sold to Finnish distillers Altia. The factory in Aalborg closed April 2015 when production of the Aalborg brands was moved to Norway. Arcus has both storage of beverages from when it was demerged and recipes from Vinmonopolet, some of which date back a long time, including the recipes taken over from the purchase of Løitens Brænderi in 1927.
Arcus was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange in December 2016.
Arcus was the largest player in the Norwegian wine market, the second largest in Sweden, and number five in Finland.
Arcus merged with Altia in 2021 to form Anora Group.
Arcus wine companies in Sweden
The Wineagency
Quaffable Wines
Valid Wines
Vinunic
Arcus wine companies in Norway
Arcus Wine Brands
Symposium Wines
Heyday Wines AS
Vinordia
Excellars
Hedoni Wines
Arcus wine companies in Finland
WineWorld Finland
Social Wines Finland
Vinum Import
Vinunic
Brands
Aalborg Taffel
Amundsen Arctic Vodka
Arendalsaquavit
Bergens Aquavit
Braastad Cognac
Gammel Dansk
Gammel Opland
Gilde Aquavit
Golden Cock
Hammer Vodka
Jægersborg Aquavit
Kalinka 22
LINIE
Lysholm No52
Løiten
Morsa Aquavit
Royal Castle
Vikingfjord Vodka
Arcus is also an importer of wine.
References
Wholesalers of Norway
Formerly government-owned companies of Norway
Companies based in Akershus
Companies established in 1996
Companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
Farnam (, also Romanized as Farnām; also known as Farnāb) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Rozi Plain is a London-based musician originally from Winchester, England.
Biography
Rozi Plain was born Rosalind Leyden in Winchester, England, in 1986. In 2006 they moved to Bristol to study art, and they participated in the Cleaner Records group there. They recorded two records published by King Creosote's Fence Records, ‘'Inside Over Here'' (2008) and ‘‘Joined Sometimes Unjoined'' (2012). In 2012 they moved to London.
In November 2012 they recorded a live session for Lauren Laverne's BBC Radio 6 Music show.
In 2015 Plain released a new album, ‘'Friend'', followed in 2016 by a companion album of remixes, unreleased tracks and radio sessions, ‘'Friend Of A Friend''. In 2019 they released ‘'What a Boost'' and in 2020 ‘'What a Remix''.
They also play with This Is the Kit and regularly contributes to the music of their friends, including Rachael Dadd, François & the Atlas Mountains, and Bamboo, with whom they have performed live on a number of occasions in 2016.
Plain has toured with the likes of Devendra Banhart and KT Tunstall as well as performing at Green Man Festival and End of the Road Festival.
Discography
Inside Over Here - Fence Records (2008)
Joined Sometimes Unjoined - Fence Records / Talitres (2012)
Friend - Lost Map Records (2015)
Friend of a Friend - Lost Map Records (2016)
What A Boost - Memphis Industries (2019)
What A Remix (2020)
References
External links
Official website
British folk rock musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from Winchester
Musicians from Bristol
Maurice Falcom Tauber (February 14, 1908 – September 21, 1980) was an influential librarian, educator and researcher in the field of library and information sciences; they were a major actor in how technical services units in American and in international libraries were thought of and how they evolved in the 20th century. Tauber is remembered especially for their role as professor and mentor during their long tenure at Columbia University from 1944-1976. In 1999, American Libraries named them one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century".
Biography
Tauber was born in Virginia in 1908, where they lived until 1925. Their father, a tailor, died when Tauber was just six years old, and Tauber worked for a couple of newspapers throughout their school years. The family moved to Philadelphia in 1925, where Tauber completed high school and began to study at Temple University. They obtained a BA from both Temple University (in English and Education) and from Columbia University, where they studied cataloging and classification. In 1932, Tauber married Rose Begner, and they had two sons together. They continued on for a graduate degree at Temple University, completing a master's program in sociology, and went on to complete a PhD in the School of Library Studies at the University of Chicago in 1941. After completing their studies, Tauber joined the library at the University of Chicago as Head Cataloguer and soon thereafter became Chief of the Preparations Department. In 1942 they were invited to join the faculty of the Library Graduate School at the University of Chicago, where they remained until 1944. They returned to their alma mater Columbia University in 1944 to lead the Technical Services Division in the position of Assistant Director of Columbia University Libraries and to teach in the School of Library Service. Tauber gave up the title of Assistant Director of CUL when they became a full-time professor. They taught until 1976 and died on September 21, 1980.
Career
While Tauber was well-versed in all aspects of library service, they focused on cataloging and classification in their early career. Their dissertation (1941) was entitled: Reclassification and Recataloging in University Libraries. One of Tauber's early seminal monographs was The University Library; Its Organization, Administration and Functions, co-authored with their mentor, Louis Round Wilson from the University of Chicago, and published in 1945. The authors collected and presented a wide range of information and issues about university libraries in a comprehensive and logical fashion. This book helped establish Tauber as a serious researcher and scholar in library sciences. The revision of this book, published in 1956, was received with similar interest in the library community, as the volume addressed more contemporary issues of importance for librarians, administrators, and university leaders alike. Tauber concentrated on many aspects of library services in this book, but was particularly responsible for the sections regarding technical services. Later on they focused their intellectual curiosity more fully on technical services and immersed themselves in the development of teaching materials and research on technical services and their importance. In addition to these main areas, Tauber contributed to the field with their studies on library building design and biographies of significant librarians of their time.
Technical services
Tauber is credited with writing another one of the classic works in librarianship, Technical Services in Libraries: Acquisitions, Cataloging, Classification, Binding, Photographic Reproduction, and Circulation Operations, published in 1953. In this volume they define technical services to be “the services involving the operations and techniques for acquiring, recording, and preserving materials (which) are among the oldest aspects of librarianship,” and states that the term ‘technical' “… denote(s) that certain operations which are usually carried on away from the public desks are likely to be more susceptible to codification than those of the readers' departments”. As such, technical services has come to be understood as a set of operations, performed away from "direct public contact," including “a) selection, b) acquisition, c) cataloging, d) physical processing, and e) circulation”. They were a strong advocate for the centralization of technical services in libraries and promoted this position in their publications.
Teaching and research
Tauber was an engaging professor and teacher in library studies; students described them as “patient, generous, and kind”. In classes and seminars they were encouraging and thoughtful; outside of the classroom they mentored graduate students and served on countless graduate student committees, devoting a great deal of time and effort to ensure the success of the students in the library program. They were a beloved member of the faculty and has been fondly remembered in memoirs and other articles by their colleagues.
In addition to their successful teaching career, Tauber was an active researcher, writing numerous monographs, reports, articles, reviews, and biographies. They carried out more than 50 independent and collaborative surveys of libraries in the United States and abroad, including Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Australia. The surveys were conducted primarily in academic libraries, and Tauber's contributions to the surveys usually focused specifically on technical services or on library building planning and design.
Tauber also served the library community in other ways: They were an editor for many years of College & Research Libraries and served on editorial boards for Library Resources & Technical Services, Journal of Cataloging and Classification, American Documentation, and the Journal of Higher Education. They were also the chief editor for a short time period of Library Trends.
Honors and legacy
As an educator, 10 years after their return to Columbia University Tauber was named the Melvil Dewey Professor of Library Service for their academic service and for their curriculum and research development. They held a long affiliation with the American Library Association, serving in various capacities, such as their membership on the Council and Executive Board. Some of Tauber's other honors include receiving the Margaret Mann citation in 1953 (from the Resources and Technical Services Division of the ALA), a special Association of College and University Librarians award, the Beta Phi Mu Award, and the Melvil Dewey Award and Medal in 1954. In 1968 they were awarded the Distinguished Service Award from Findley College Library in Ohio for “his outstanding contribution to higher education as a teacher, writer, librarian, critic, and leader in the science of library service”. In 1981, a year after their death, friends and colleagues established the Maurice F. Tauber Foundation in New York City; the Foundation supports various lectures, publications and presents an annual award for “excellence in library and information science”.
Notes
References
Dale, Doris Cruger (1990). "Tauber, Maurice Falcom". In W. Wiegand (Ed.), Supplement to the Dictionary of American Library Biography, pp. 133–136. Englewood, Colo.: Libraries Unlimited, 1990.
Darling, Richard (Fall 1980). "Maurice Tauber (1908-1980)". Library Service News (41).
Ellsworth, Ralph (1956). "An Excellent Revision". Journal of Higher Education 27(7), 406-407.
Koh, Gertrude (2000). "Knowledge access management: The redefinition and renaming of technical Services". Libri (50), 163-173.
Rider, Fremont (1946). "Sound Judgements." Journal of Higher Education 17(9), 494-495.
Sharify, Nasser (1993). "Tauber, Maurice". In R. Wedgeworth (Ed.), World Encyclopedia of Library and Information Services, p. 814. Chicago: American Library Association.
Tauber, Maurice (1954). Technical Services in Libraries: Acquisitions, Cataloging, Classification, Binding, Photographic Reproduction, and Circulation Operations. New York: Columbia University Press.
Wilson, Louis Round & Tauber, Maurice (1945). The University Library; Its Organization, Administration and Functions. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
External links
Works by or about Maurice Falcom Tauber in Libraries (WorldCat catalog)
American librarians
Library science scholars
1908 births
1980 deaths
People from Norfolk, Virginia
Temple University alumni
Columbia University School of Library Service alumni
University of Chicago Graduate Library School alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Columbia University faculty
Columbia University librarians
Godaalo is a town in the eastern Sool region of Somaliland.
On 13 December 2015, this town was part of conflict between the DNO ASA oil company and the local residents. Dulbiciid mountain in the environs of Godaalo, contains Somaliland's tallest mountain outside the Karkaar range.
References
Godaalo
Populated places in Sool, Somaliland
This is a list of the sections and individual pieces contained within the ancient poetry anthology Chu Ci (), also known as Songs of the South or Songs of Chu, which is an anthology of Classical Chinese poetry verse traditionally attributed to Qu Yuan and Song Yu from the Warring States period, though about half of the poems seem to have been composed several centuries later, during the Han Dynasty. The traditional version of the Chu Ci contains 17 major sections, and was edited by Wang Yi (), a 2nd-century AD librarian who served under Emperor Shun of Han. The Chu Ci and the Shi Jing together constitute the chief sources of pre-Qin dynasty Chinese verse.
"Encountering Sorrow"
"Li Sao" () is one of the most famous of the works contained in the Chu Ci: it mainly is upon a theme of seemingly autobiographical material about the relationship between Qu Yuan and the leadership of the Chu kingdom. Although often interpreted as a political allegory, other aspects of this rather long poem seem to refer to religious and mythological themes derived from the culture of the Chu area. Source text of Li Sao (in Chinese): 離騷. One piece.
"Nine Songs"
"Jiu Ge" (), despite the "Nine" in the title, the "Jiu Ge" actually includes eleven discrete parts or songs. These seem to represent some shamanistic dramatic practices of the Yangzi River valley area and other areas involving the invocation of divine beings and seeking their blessings by means of a process of courtship. Text (in Chinese): 九歌
The titles of the poems in Chinese are as follows. English translations of titles follow David Hawkes:
"Heavenly Questions"
"Tian Wen" (), also known as Questions to Heaven, addressed to Tian (or "Heaven"), consists of series of questions, 172 in all, in verse format. The series of questions asked involves Chinese mythology and ancient Chinese religious beliefs. The answers are not explicated. Text (in Chinese): 天問. One piece.
"Nine Pieces"
"Jiu Zhang" () consists of nine pieces of poetry, one of which is the "Lament for Ying" ("Ai Ying"). Ying was the name of one of the traditional capital cities of Qu Yuan's homeland of Chu (eventually, Ying and Chu even became synonymous). However, both the city of Ying and the entire state of Chu itself experienced doom due to the expansion of the state of Qin, which ended up consolidating China at the expense of the other former independent states: including Qu Yuan's home state — hence the "Lament". Text in Chinese: 九章.
Note that poem numbers 1, 6, 7, and 9 actually lack titles in the original text; rather, they are named for the sake of convenience after the first few words with which these poems begin. English titles based on David Hawkes' translations.
"Far-off Journey"
"Yuan You" () 遠遊 One piece.
"Divination"
"Bu Ju"
()
卜居. One piece, mixed poetry and prose.
"The Fisherman"
"Yu Fu" (). Text source (Chinese): 漁父. One piece, mixed poetry and prose.
"Nine Changes"
"Nine Changes" (, or "Nine Disputations", or "Nine Arguments"). Attributed to Song Yu. Chinese source: 九辯. Number of individual pieces uncertain. No separate titles.
"Summons of the Soul"
"Summons of the Soul" (). Text source (in Chinese): 招魂. One piece.
"The Great Summons"
"The Great Summons" (). Text source (in Chinese): 大招. One piece.
"Sorrow for Troth Betrayed"
"Sorrow for Troth Betrayed" (). Text source (in Chinese): 惜誓. One piece, with luan.
"Summons for a Recluse"
"Summons for a Recluse" (). Textsource (in Chinese): 招隱士. One piece.
"Seven Remonstrances"
"Seven Remonstrances" (). Text source (in Chinese): 七諫. Seven pieces, plus luan.
I When First Exiled (Chu fang)
II Drowning in the River (Chen jiang)
III Disgust with the World (Yuan shi)
IV Embittered Thoughts (Yuan si)
V Oppressed by Grief (Zi bei)
VI Mourning my Lot (Ai ming)
VII Reckless Remonstrance (Miu jian)
VIII Luan
"Alas That My Lot Was Not Cast"
"Alas That My Lot Was Not Cast" (). Chinese text source: 哀時命. One piece.
"Nine Regrets"
"Nine Regrets" (). Attributed to Wang Bao, who flourished during the reign of Emperor Xuan of Han. Source text (in Chinese): 九懷. Consists of nine sections, plus a luan (envoi).
I Release from Worldly Contrivings (Kuang ji)
II A Road to Beyond (Tong lu)
III Dangerous Heights (Wei jun)
IV A Light on the World (Zhao shi)
V Honouring the Good (Zun jia)
VI Stored Blossoms (Xu ying)
VII Thoughts on Loyalty Bent (Si zhong)
VIII Raising Barriers (Tao yong)
IX Quenching the Light (Zhu zhao)
X Luan (envoi)
"Nine Laments"
"Nine Laments" (). (歎 is a variant for 嘆). Written by Liu Xiang (77-6 BCE). Text (in Chinese): 九歎. Nine pieces, each one including a final "Lament", entitled 'Embittered Thoughts':
1. 'Encountering Troubles'
2. 'Leaving the World'
3. 'Embittered Thoughts'
4. 'Going Far Away'
5. 'Lament for the Worthy'
6. 'Saddened by Sufferings'
7. 'Grieved by this Fate'
8. 'Sighing for Olden Times'
9. 'The Far-off Journey'
"Nine Longings"
"Nine Longings" (). By Wang Yi, a Han dynasty librarian and compiler and annotator of the Chu Ci. Chinese text source: 九思. Nine pieces, plus a luan:
I'm Meeting with Reproach (Feng you)
II Resentment against the Ruler (Yuan shang)
III Impatience with the World (Ji shi)
IV Pity for the Ruler (Min shang)
V Running into Danger (Zan e)
VI Grieving over Disorder (Dao luan)
VII Distressed by These Times (Shang shi)
VIII Lament for the Year (Ai sui)
IX Maintaining Resolution (Shou zhi)
X Luan
See also
Chinese mythology
Notes
References
Davis, A. R. (Albert Richard), Editor and Introduction,(1970), The Penguin Book of Chinese Verse. (Baltimore: Penguin Books).
Hinton, David (2008). Classical Chinese Poetry: An Anthology. New York: Farrar, Straus, and Giroux. / .
Scarpari, Maurizio (2006). Ancient China: Chinese Civilization from the Origins to the Tang Dynasty. Vercelli: VMB Publishers.
Yang, Lihui, et al. (2005). Handbook of Chinese Mythology. New York: Oxford University Press.
Yip, Wai-lim (1997). Chinese Poetry: An Anthology of Major Modes and Genres . (Durham and London: Duke University Press).
External links
Full Chinese text of Chu Ci at the Chinese Text Project
Chinese classic texts
Chinese poetry collections
Chu (state)
The Tahakopa River flows southeastward through the Catlins, an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand. Its total length is , and it flows into the Pacific Ocean east of Waikawa, close to the settlement of Papatowai. The Maclennan River is a tributary.
The river's source is to the west of Mt Pye, east of Wyndham.
External links
Tahakopa River biodiversity project
Rivers of Otago
The Catlins
Rivers of New Zealand
Clutha District
Yokoyama (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Akihito Yokoyama (born 1961), Japanese golfer
Chisa Yokoyama (born 1969), Japanese voice actor and singer
Go Yokoyama in fact Tsuyoshi Yokoyama (b. 1983), Japanese kickboxer
Hideo Yokoyama (born 1957), Japanese novelist
, Japanese shogi player
Hiroki Yokoyama (disambiguation), multiple people
Hirotoshi Yokoyama (born 1975), Japanese football player
Hokuto Yokoyama (born 1963), Japanese politician (Democratic Party of Japan)
Isamu Yokoyama (1889-1952), general in the Imperial Japanese Army
Juri Yokoyama (born 1955), Japanese volleyball player
Katsuya Yokoyama (1934–2010), renowned player and teacher of the shakuhachi, a traditional Japanese vertical bamboo flute
Ken Yokoyama (disambiguation), multiple people
Kenzo Yokoyama (born 1943), Japanese football player and coach
Knock Yokoyama (1932–2007), Japanese comedian and politician
Kumi Yokoyama (born 1993), Japanese football striker
, Japanese cross-country skier
, Japanese basketball player
Marumitsu Yokoyama in fact Okitaka Yokoyama (1780–1854), Japanese late Edo period samurai and founder of the Tōkyūjutsu
, Japanese pole vaulter
Masafumi Yokoyama (born 1956), Japanese football player
Masami Yokoyama (born 1981), Japanese volleyball player
Matsuo Yokoyama (born 1927), president of Walt Disney Enterprises of Japan
Matsusaburō Yokoyama (1838–1884), pioneering Japanese photographer, artist, lithographer and teacher
, Japanese actor
, Japanese badminton player
Minehiro Yokoyama (born 1971), Japanese ski mountaineer
Mitsuteru Yokoyama (1934–2004), Japanese manga artist
Naoki Yokoyama (born 1949), Japanese electrical engineer
Olga T. Yokoyama (born 1942), American linguist
Sakujirō Yokoyama (1864–1912), early disciple of Kanō Jigorō
Satoshi Yokoyama (born 1980), Japanese footballer
Seiji Yokoyama (1935-2017), Japanese incidental music composer
Shizuo Yokoyama (1890–1961), Japanese general in the Imperial Japanese Army
Shōmatsu Yokoyama (1913–1992), Japanese physician
Sodō Yokoyama (1907-1980), Japanese zen priest
Sumie Ishitaka (née Sumie Yokoyama), women's professional shogi player
Sumiko Yokoyama (born 1974), Japanese cross-country skier
Taikan Yokoyama, pseudonym of Sakai Hidemaro (1868–1958), major figure in pre-WW2 Japanese painting
, Japanese racing driver
, Japanese swimmer
, Japanese water polo player
Takayuki Yokoyama (born 1972), Japanese football player
, Japanese footballer
Takuya Yokoyama (born 1985), Japanese footballer
Tomonobu Yokoyama (born 1985), Japanese footballer
You Yokoyama (born 1981), Japanese idol, singer, actor, radio host and lyricist, member of band Kanjani 8
Yui Yokoyama (born 1992), Japanese idol, member of girl-group AKB48
Yuji Yokoyama (born 1969), Japanese footballer
See also
Yokoyama Dam, a dam in Ibigawa, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan
Yokoyama Station (disambiguation), multiple Japanese railway stations
Japanese-language surnames
Pajacuarán is a town and seat of the municipality of Pajacuarán, in the central Mexican state of Michoacán. As of 2010, the town had a population of 10,014.
In 2015, the population of Michoacán Pajacuarán was around 21,028.
References
Populated places in Michoacán
Wola Studzieńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Azerbaijani football in 2010
Azerbaijan Premier League
Championship group
Relegation group
Azerbaijan First Division
Azerbaijan Cup
National team
Goal scorers
Azerbaijani clubs in Europe
Summary
Baku
Qarabağ
Inter Baku
Simurq
Martin E. Kravarik (January 20, 1936 – April 4, 2018) was an American politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from District 7B from 1970 to 1972.
Born in The Bronx, Kravarik grew up in Irvington, New Jersey and attended Irvington High School and Rutgers University. They were a pilot in the United States Air Force and graduated from Seton Hall University School of Law.
A longtime resident of the Kendall Park neighborhood of South Brunswick, New Jersey, Kravarik died on April 4, 2018, in Princeton, New Jersey at age 82.
References
1936 births
2018 deaths
Irvington High School (New Jersey) alumni
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey lawyers
New Jersey Republicans
People from Irvington, New Jersey
People from South Brunswick, New Jersey
Rutgers University alumni
Seton Hall University School of Law alumni
United States Air Force officers
Military personnel from New Jersey
The Women's Action Society (AWAM) is a feminist non-profit organization based in Malaysia. The organization was established in 1985 following a workshop held by the Joint Action Group. The group works on a local and national level to empower women and bring about social policy change.
Mission
AWAM aims to create a society where all persons, particularly women, are treated equally. This includes advocating for policy changes to ensure women's rights and gender equality. Empowering women, facilitating social transformations, and supporting women facing crisis situations are other objectives of the organization.
History
The Women's Action Society was founded after the Joint Action Group held a two-day exhibition. This was a historic event that publicized the struggles women faced that were not talked about in the mainstream media. The members of AWAM have prided themselves on calling attention to, and providing a voice for victims of gender-based violence. One of the more groundbreaking achievements the organization has reached was the Domestic Violence Act of 1994. The act of 1994 made it illegal and punishable by law to commit violence against a victim regardless of relation or age. The Women's Action Society also does outreach work to provide training courses in areas of gender inequality and violence. In addition, they help provide counseling services to victims of gender-based abuse. The organization founded a crisis line in 1997 under the name of Telenita. Since the founding of the organization, the mission took a more holistic approach. AWAM now also advocates for women to not only be free from gendered violence, but to be aware and awarded their rights. The society felt it was important to address all concerns and challenges women face in order to operate as a feminist organization. This shift prompted the organization to revisit its values as an institution. In 2009, members of the group created a set of core values that they would uphold in daily operations and the long term mission. Justice, equality, compassion and respect, collectivism, courage, and integrity were deemed all key values for the organization.
Structure
AWAM works on the local and national level. The organization has a small staff that coordinates projects along with volunteers and associates. There is a focus on collectivism and open participation. Within the organization there is a Working Collective which holds monthly meetings to assess the direction AWAM is heading. The executive committee for All Women's Action Society is chosen through an election process that takes place every other year. The elected members have a two-year period of service before they are reelected. The organization also contains five different functioning portfolios: Advocacy and Networking, Information and Communications, Organisational Development, Public Education and Training, and Services. These are run by the staff and function to provide support and carry out operational goals and tasks.
Campaigns
Past
A couple years after the organization was founded the organization participated in demonstrations and worked to raise awareness of rape after a nine-year-old girl, Ang May Hong, was assaulted. An action initiative titled Citizens Against Rape (CAR) was launched in response. In 1989, the organization fought for political action against violence on women. The organization prepared a campaign kits for gendered violence and supported candidates such as Toni Kasim in their campaigns. The advocacy proved by AWAM benefited candidates in gaining momentum on gendered topics. Later that year a workshop was held to work on drafting a Domestic Violence Act which was eventually passed in 1994. AWAM revived the spirit of CAR in 2003 in response to the rape and murder of Canny Ong. The goal was to bring about a local and collective movement by Malaysians to reduce the incidence of rape.
In June 2013, AWAM launched another ongoing nationwide campaign against domestic violence. In this launch of the campaign the organization brought important service providers into the movement. They included hospitals, police, and the welfare department. This measure was done to ensure during the education of the campaign they would be able to provide resources to those affected. In December 2013, on Human Rights Day, AWAM released a video titled Domestic Violence Hurts Families. The video shows the harm family violence can bring, and how the community is and can be involved. Since AWAM shifted their focus to a more holistic approach they often advocated for community involvement and also for rights unrelated to gendered violence. They continuously call the government to address larger issues such as foreign workers rights such as maids.
Present
At the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, in April 2020, the Malaysian government published posters on Facebook and Instagram with recommendations on how to cope with the pandemic. The posters, which had the hashtag #WomenPreventCovid19, advised women to not nag their husbands during lockdown and to dress up at home. Nisha Sabanayagam, spokesperson for AWAM, told Reuters, "(It) is extremely condescending both to women and men. These posters promote the concept of gender inequality and perpetuate the concept of patriarchy." After online ridicule, the Ministry for Women, Family and Community Development removed the posters.
In June 2021, AWAM called on the Malaysia government to convene parliament and said the country's state of emergency should not continue past August 2021. The organization, working with other Malaysian NGOs, published recommendations for the government regarding COVID-19 recovery and called attention to various societal issues the pandemic exacerbated, such as children's education.
Training
The AWAM facilitates training sessions for gender sensitization, sexual harassment, rape awareness, leadership, and political participation. They train a variety of workers in various institutions such as banks, colleges, hospitals, and churches. The training sessions can be requested by any organization and they offer customized sessions.
References
Women's rights in Malaysia
Women's rights legislation
Women's organisations based in Malaysia
Women's rights organizations
Violence against women in Asia
1985 establishments in Malaysia
Organizations established in 1985
Tavener is a surname and may be:
Colin Tavener, English professional footballer
Jackie Tavener (1897–1969), American professional baseball player
John Tavener, various people
Mark Tavener (1954–2007), English writer, humorist, and dramatist
Robert Tavener (1920–2004), English printmaker, illustrator, and teacher
Yanxi may refer to:
Locations in China
Fujian
Yanxi, Changtai County (岩溪), a town in Changtai County
Yanxi Subdistrict (燕西街道), a subdistrict in Yong'an
Hunan
Yanxi, Anhua County (烟溪), a town in Anhua County
Yanxi, Liuyang (沿溪), a town in Liuyang
Yanxi Township, Hunan (沿溪乡), a township in Xupu County
Jiangxi
Yanxi, Taihe County (沿溪), a town in Taihe County, Jiangxi
Yanxi, Xiajiang County (砚溪), a town in Xiajiang County
Other provinces
Yanxi, Chongqing (沿溪), a town in Shizhu Tujia Autonomous County, Chongqing
Yanxi Township, Sichuan (烟溪乡), a township in Tongjiang County, Sichuan
Historical eras
Yanxi (延熹, 158–167), era name by Emperor Huan of Han
Yanxi (延熙, 238–257), era name by Liu Shan, emperor of Shu Han
Yanxi (延熙, 334), era name by Shi Hong, emperor of Later Zhao
The is a constituency that represents Toyama Prefecture in the House of Councillors in the Diet of Japan. It has two Councillors in the 242-member house.
Outline
The constituency represents the entire population of Toyama Prefecture. The district elects two Councillors to six-year terms, one at alternating elections held every three years. The district has 888,832 registered voters as of September 2015. The Councillors currently representing Toyama are:
(Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), second term; term ends in 2016. Previously represented the district from 2001-2007.)
(LDP, first term; term ends in 2019)
Elected Councillors
Election results
See also
List of districts of the House of Councillors of Japan
References
Districts of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Politics of Toyama Prefecture
Micah Z. Kellner (born December 5, 1978) is an American politician from the state of New York. A Democrat, they were formerly a member of the New York State Assembly from the 76th district, which includes Manhattan's Upper East Side and Roosevelt Island. Kellner was elected to the Assembly in 2007 and served until 2014, when they did not stand for reelection. In September 2013, they lost the primary election for the Democratic nomination for the New York City Council seat for the 5th District to attorney Ben Kallos. During their Assembly tenure, Kellner was admonished twice by Sheldon Silver, then the Assembly Speaker, based on findings that they had engaged in sexual harassment.
Early life and career
An advocate for the disabled, Kellner was born with cerebral palsy. They attended the Pingry School, graduating in the class of 1997. They graduated from New York University in 2001 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in film, television and radio. They worked as an aide to Senator Chuck Schumer, Congresswoman Carolyn B. Maloney and City Comptroller William C. Thompson before being elected to the Assembly in 2007.
New York State Assembly
Following the appointment of Assemblyman Alexander "Pete" Grannis as Commissioner of New York State's Department of Environment Conservation early in 2007, Kellner was selected as the Democratic nominee for the special election held to fill the vacancy. In that election, held on June 5, 2007, they received 64% of the vote, comfortably defeating their Republican opponent.
During the 2013–14 term of the Legislature, Kellner became Chair of the Assembly Committee on Libraries and Education Technology. On June 27, 2013, Kellner chaired a hearing on "The Sale of Public Library Buildings in New York City" at which Pulitzer-Prize-winning author Edmund Morris testified against the New York Public Library's controversial Central Library Plan.
In August 2010, New York State's Governor, David Paterson, signed "Elle's Law," legislation introduced by Kellner that allows for the suspension of up to six months of the New York State driver's license of any driver inflicting serious physical injury on another person while committing a traffic violation. The law was named after Elle Vandenberghe, a three-year-old Upper East Side girl living in Kellner's district who was seriously injured after being struck by a motorist who was illegally backing through an intersection against a red light to find a parking space.
They also sponsored Oreo's Law in the New York State Assembly, which required the release of a shelter animal to a rescue group upon request of the rescue group prior to euthanasia of the animal. The law is named in memory of Oreo, a dog who survived abuse at the hands of their former owner, recovered from their injuries, but was then euthanized by the ASPCA in New York City, despite the offer of a No Kill sanctuary to guarantee their lifetime care.
City Council campaign and admonition for sexual harassment
In early 2013, Kellner announced their intentions to run for the New York City Council seat in District 5 being vacated by Jessica Lappin. Initially, they received significant support, being endorsed by most local elected officials. In late June, however, the New York Post reported that they had accepted a campaign contribution from a taxi manufacturer whose handicapped-accessible vehicle was being considered for adoption by New York's Taxi and Limousine Commission.
On July 23, 2013, The New York Times reported that in 2009 Kellner had engaged in inappropriate Internet chats with a young female staffer. Kellner apologized in a statement to the Times, saying, "Over four years ago, for a few weeks while I was still single, I exchanged instant messages with a female member of my staff that were flirtatious. It was inappropriate. I was wrong and it was stupid. When I was told that my staffer felt the messages were unprofessional, I immediately stopped and regretted placing them in that position. I was sorry then and I am sorry now." The New York Daily News subsequently quoted an anonymous source identified only as a former Kellner staffer saying that Kellner had made life "horrible" for the other staffer after they had allegedly rebuffed their advances.
Following the media reports, several elected officials withdrew their endorsement of Kellner in the City Council race, including Lappin, Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer, and two state senators (Jose Serrano and Brad Hoylman). The day after the allegations against Kellner were revealed, the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women endorsed one of their two opponents in the Democratic primary for City Council, Benjamin Kallos. 32BJ SEIU rescinded its support as well, and endorsed Kallos, who went on to defeat Kellner in the September 10, 2013 primary.
In August 2013, the state's ethics commission launched an investigation into sexual harassment allegations against Kellner. That December, following an investigation by the Assembly Ethics Committee, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver publicly admonished Kellner for taking actions that created a hostile work environment; Silver also stripped Kellner of a committee chairship and banned them from hiring interns. On December 31, 2013, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo stated that Kellner should deny the sexual harassment allegations or resign.
In June 2014, Silver announced the closure of Kellner's Albany and district offices, and the elimination of Kellner's staffing budget, on the grounds that Kellner had "engaged in additional sexual harassment beyond the matters that were the subject of the 2013 investigation," as well as hired an intern in spite of being explicitly told they were prohibited from doing so.
State committee and district leader
In 2014, two challengers announced they would run against Kellner's political club's state committee candidate. When the club's original candidate dropped out of a competitive Democratic primary, Kellner received their club's endorsement. Kellner characterized the win as a favor to their club, and not as an attempt at a political comeback. Following their victory for the obscure position, Kellner insisted it was a myth that they were not popular anymore in their district. Kellner won with nearly 57 percent of the votes in the three-way race.
In 2015, Kellner was re-nominated by their political club to run for re-election as district leader, an unpaid position they had held since 2012. Adam Roberts ultimately won the race, garnering 53% of the votes to Kellner's 47%.
Personal life
Kellner is openly bisexual and was the first openly bisexual person elected to the New York State Assembly. Their 2007 campaign won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund, which provided financial and strategic assistance. In 2009, they received the Brenda Howard Award, which "recognizes an individual or organization whose work on behalf of the LGBT Community best exemplifies the vision, principles and community service of the late bisexual rights activist Brenda Howard, and who serves as a positive and visible role model for the Bisexual Community." They were one of six openly LGBT members of the New York Legislature, alongside Assemblymembers Deborah Glick, Daniel O'Donnell, Matthew Titone and Harry Bronson, as well as Senator Brad Hoylman. Their 2011 marriage to Marie Ternes, a former chief of staff to Anthony Weiner, ended after they filed for divorce in 2013.
Election results
June 2007 special election, NYS Assembly, 65th AD
{| class="Wikitable"
| Micah Z. Kellner (DEM - WOR) || ... || 4,254
|-
| Gregory T. Camp (REP - IND) || ... || 2,273
|}
November 2008 general election, NYS Assembly, 65th AD
{| class="Wikitable"
| Micah Z. Kellner (DEM - WOR) || ... || 36,682
|-
| Georgiana Viest (REP) || ... || 11,636
|}
November 2010 general election, NYS Assembly, 65th AD
{| class="Wikitable"
| Micah Z. Kellner (DEM - WOR) || ... || 22,741
|-
| Michael K. Zumbluskus (REP) || ... || 7,998
|}
November 2012 general election, NYS Assembly, 76th AD
{| class="Wikitable"
| Micah Z. Kellner (DEM - WOR) || ... || 34,040
|-
| Michael K. Zumbluskus (REP) || ... || 10,689
|}
September 2013 primary election, Democratic Party, NYC Council, 5th District
{| class="Wikitable"
| Ben Kallos || ... || 7,513
|-
| Micah Z. Kellner || ... || 6,420
|-
| Ed Hartzog || ... || 2,429
|}
November 2013 general election, NYC Council, 5th District
{| class="Wikitable"
| Ben Kallos (DEM) || ... || 34,040
|-
| David Paul Garland (REP - IND) || ... || 10,518
|-
| Micah Z. Kellner (WOR) || ... || 3,118
|}
September 2014 primary election, Democratic Male State Committee, 76th AD
{| class="Wikitable"
| Micah Z. Kellner || ... || 2,740
|-
| Johnathan Piel || ... || 1,560
|-
| Kerl Seidenwurm || ... || 516
|}
September 2015 primary election, Democratic Male District Leader, 76th AD, Part B
{| class="Wikitable"
| Adam Roberts || ... || 433
|-
| Micah Z. Kellner || ... || 383
|}
References
External links
New York State Assembly: Micah Kellner
Campaign website
Facebook page
New York Observer archive of Micah Kellner campaign coverage
Kellner's response to the 2008 Candidate Questionnaire for State Senate and Assembly from the 504 Democratic Club of New York City
1978 births
Living people
Bisexual men
Bisexual politicians
Disability rights activists from the United States
LGBT state legislators in New York (state)
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Democrats
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Morristown, New Jersey
People with cerebral palsy
Pingry School alumni
American politicians with disabilities
21st-century American politicians
Holdsworth Glacier () is a tributary glacier about long, flowing northeast from Fuller Dome to enter the southeast side of Bartlett Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Gerald Holdsworth, who was involved in geological studies at McMurdo Station in the summer of 1965–66.
References
Glaciers of Amundsen Coast
The Warren Reservoir is a water storage created by a dam on the South Para River in the Mount Lofty Ranges of South Australia. It is a few kilometres south of Williamstown on the Birdwood road. It was built between 1914 and 1916.
References
Dams completed in 1916
Dams in South Australia
Reservoirs in South Australia
Jasper Graham Mayne (9 April 1859 – 6 January 1936) was a British soldier, marksman and police officer.
Mayne was the son of a lieutenant-colonel in the Indian Army. They were educated at Cheltenham College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. In 1879 they were commissioned into the 27th Regiment of Foot (later the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers). They were promoted lieutenant in 1881. In 1886, they were appointed ADC to the governor of the Straits Settlements, Sir Frederick Aloysius Weld, and married their daughter later the same year. In July 1887 they rejoined their regiment, being promoted captain in September. From 1888 to 1889 they were acting military secretary and ADC to Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor and High Commissioner of South Africa.
A superb marksman, in August 1891 they became an instructor at the School of Musketry in Hythe and in January 1896 was appointed inspector of musketry of the Home District. They retired from the army in January 1899.
Mayne was secretary of the Army Rifle Association from 1894 to 1924. They won many shooting trophies and titles.
In 1899 they were appointed Chief Constable of the East Suffolk County Constabulary and held the post until their retirement in May 1933.
Mayne was awarded the King's Police Medal in the 1916 New Year Honours, appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours and promoted to Commander (CBE) in the 1924 Birthday Honours.
References
Obituary, The Times, 9 January 1936
1859 births
1936 deaths
People educated at Cheltenham College
Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers officers
27th Regiment of Foot officers
British Chief Constables
British male sport shooters
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English recipients of the Queen's Police Medal
Sportspeople from Gloucestershire
São Gonçalo Futebol Clube, commonly known as São Gonçalo, is a Brazilian football club based in São Gonçalo do Amarante, Rio Grande do Norte state. They competed in the Série C twice and in the Copa do Brasil once.
History
São Gonçalo Futebol Clube, the "Bull", was founded from the dream of sportsman Francisco Potiguar Cavalcanti Júnior (Poti Júnior), to see their municipality participating in the elite of football of the Rio Grande State North.
Their dream came true on July 29, 1999 when Poti Júnior, after receiving an invitation, from the President of FNF, Nilson Gomes, to participate in the state championship of the 1st division, managed to gather a group of sixty-nine friends to found São Gonçalo Futebol Clube.
However, unable to assume presidency because of the tremendous responsibility of also being the mayor of their land, São Gonçalo do Amarante, Poti and the other founders, reached an agreement for athlete Alexandre Carlos Cavalcanti to be the first president of SGFC.
Poti Júnior had their name hailed unanimously as honorary president of the SGFC and that night it was decided that the team mascot would be the image of an ox, named after the most traditional folk dance of the municipality which is the Bumba Meu Boi. However, the mascot was changed to a bull, which today is a strong mark in Rio Grande football.
At the same meeting it was decided that red, blue and white (tricolour) would be the colors of SGFC, referring to the colors of the municipality's flag.
The address used by São Gonçalo Futebol Clube, since its creation, is the home of the late Poti Cavalcanti, former mayor of the municipality and the father of Poti Júnior and Alexandre Cavalcanti. This address located in the City Centre, is expected to change as the SGFC is building a training centre, where its administrative headquarters will be located, in addition to accommodation, locker rooms and cafeterias.
Today, SGFC has three torcidas organizadas, the "Nação Tricolor" (the Tricolour Nation) chaired by John Lucas Cavalcanti de Sena; the "Touro Tricolor São-gonçalense" (the São-gonçalense bull tricolour) which is headed by Paulo Sérgio de Morais; and the "Força Jovem" (the Youth Force) which is controlled by Poti Cavalcanti Neto, along with the 17-year-old nephew of Poti Júnior and the son of Alexandre Cavalcanti, journalist Paulo Tarcisio Cavalcanti.
São Gonçalo do Amarante has always been considered as one of the superstars of developing homegrown footballers, especially, among others, Odilon, Gonzaga, Ribeiro, Odissé, Ze Ireno, Tito, Assisi and Paulinho, mainly because it was the only city to win the traditional Interior Football Championship, known as Matutão, five times.
In 2001, the second year of its history, São Gonçalo RN attempted to win Série C. To accomplish this feat, they had to set up a high-level team to unseat the duo ABC and América. Poti Júnior, honorary president of the club, hired a young, but experienced coaching staff. They included coach Edson Boaro (former player of the Brazilian team of 1986) and fitness coach Toninho Cajuru, who were responsible for forming the new team. The board brought in Mardônio and striker Gerônimo from Ríver; the latter being Ríver's top scorer in the Copa JH. The club was short of their expectations and finished in fourth place. In the playoffs of the third national division, the first stage went well, however in the second they collapsed and finished last in Group 2, which was led by Atlético Goianiense.
In 2003, the club competed again in the Série C in 2003, when they were eliminated in the First Stage. Although, they won a place at the 2004 Copa do Brasil.
In 2004, the club played, in addition, in the Copa do Brasil. However, they were eliminated in the first round by Prudentópolis. Motivated after coming 2nd place in the 2003 Série C, the management directors assembled a team that would be considered title contenders. Players came from the southeast of Brasil, like Tiago, Everton and Rodrigão, that would shine.
In 2005, São Gonçalo RN won the Torneio Início do Rio Grande do Norte (Torneio Início are various football competitions in Brazil that usually last a day).
The Bull, as dubbed by fans and the press, participated in the Primeira divisão do Campeonato Potiguar (the Rio Grande First Division Championship) until 2008. In 2009, they stopped playing in the league because of financial difficulties.
Stadium
São Gonçalo Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Luiz Rios Bacurau, nicknamed Estádio Alçapão do Touro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
External links
Official website
References
Association football clubs established in 1999
Football clubs in Rio Grande do Norte
1999 establishments in Brazil
Simon Grimsby (1367 – after 1407) from Grimsby, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.
Grimsby was Mayor of Grimsby in 1400–1402. They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Great Grimsby in 1407.
References
1367 births
15th-century deaths
English MPs 1407
Mayors of Grimsby
Members of the Parliament of England for Great Grimsby
is a Japanese slalom canoeist who has competed since 2008.
They finished 12th in the C2 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro together with Tsubasa Sasaki.
References
1993 births
Living people
Japanese male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Japan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Japan
Collamore is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Allan Collamore (1887–1980), American professional baseball pitcher
Brian Collamore (born 1950), American politician
See also
Collymore
Paul Michel Gabriel, Baron Lévy (27 November 1910 – 16 August 2002) was a Belgian journalist and professor. They were born in Brussels and was a Holocaust survivor. They worked for many years as Director of Information at the Council of Europe, helping to create the Flag of Europe in the 1950s in collaboration with Arsène Heitz.
Early career
Before the war, Lévy directed the information services of the Belgian national broadcaster, the Institut National de Radiodiffusion (INR). Under the occupation, they refused to collaborate with the German-backed radio and was sacked and arrested. They were sent to Fort Breendonk, a German prison camp near Mechelen. Released in 1941, they were placed under surveillance by the German authorities in Brussels, but succeeded in escaping to Britain via the Zéro network in July 1942 where they joined Antoine Delfosse, minister and commander of the Armée de la Libération (AL) the principal resistance group. They served alongside Delfosse in the Ministry of Justice of the Belgian government in London. They also spoke on Radio Belgique, the French and Dutch language radio station of the BBC broadcast to occupied Belgium. Their principal work, however, was in the Commission belge pour l'étude des problèmes d'après-guerre ("Belgian Commission of study of post-war problems"), in which they founded Mission Samoyède which planned to set up radio broadcasting in Belgium soon after the liberation. Following the invasion of Europe by the Allies, they returned to the continent working as an interpreter and press officer alongside General Henning Linden. Their coverage included the liberation of Dachau concentration camp.
After the Liberation, and despite having Socialist leanings, they worked for the new Belgian Democratic Union (UDB-BDU) party. In 1946, they were elected deputy for the Nivelles region as the only successful candidate of the UDB-BDU. They resigned to return to radio work.
 They are said to have invented the neologism Irénologie which is the French term for the study of Peace.
Later life
Council of Europe
Lévy had converted to Catholicism in July 1940. In 1950, they joined the staff of Winston Churchill's newly established Council of Europe and became the first Chief of its Department of Culture.
Flag
Lévy had to sort through the proposals flooding into their department and drew up the exact design of the finalist Arsène Heitz's proposal for a circle of stars.
According to an anecdote published in 1998 in Die Welt,
Lévy passed a statue of the Virgin Mary with a halo of stars and was struck by the way the stars, reflecting the sun, glowed against the blue of the sky. Lévy later visited Léon Marchal, the then Secretary General of the Council of Europe, and suggested that they should propose twelve golden stars on a blue ground as the motif for the flag of Europe.
On the other hand, a 2004 article in The Economist attributed a statement to Heitz, in which they claim to have been inspired by Revelations 12:1.
Lévy has stated that they were only informed of the connection to the Book of Revelation after it was chosen.
Honours
Created Baron by RD of king Albert II; 2000.
Grand Officer in the Order of Leopold.
Grand Officer in the Order of the Crown.
Grand Officer in the Order of Leopold II.
Commander in the Pontifical Equestrian Order of Saint Sylvester Pope and Martyr
References
1910 births
2002 deaths
Breendonk prison camp survivors
Belgian Jews
Belgian radio journalists
Belgian Roman Catholics
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Judaism
Council of Europe people
History of the European Union
Belgian people in the United Kingdom during World War II
Belgian resistance members
Jewish resistance members during the Holocaust
Barons of Belgium
Flag designers
Jared Talor Lakind (born March 9, 1992) is an American-Israeli professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. They also play for Team Israel.
In high school, Lakind played first base, outfield, and pitcher, and in their senior year in 2010 was named the Texas District 15-5A Most Valuable Player, Sun Player of the Year, and a Rawlings-Perfect Game 1st Team All-American. Drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 23rd round of the 2010 Major League Baseball draft, they signed for $400,000—far above the maximum of $150,000 that Major League Baseball recommended for all players drafted after the 5th round.
In 2013 Lakind was converted to a relief pitcher, and in 2015 they pitched for both the GCL Pirates and the West Virginia Power, and was a combined 3–1 with a 1.69 ERA in 20 games. In 2016, they pitched for the Altoona Curve of the Class AA Eastern League, set a team record for consecutive scoreless innings pitched in a single season at 25.1, and was named to the Eastern League All Star Team. For the season, they were 5–1 with 7 saves, and had a 2.59 ERA in 47 games. Lakind pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier in September 2016, and joined and pitched for the team in the second round of the WBC in Japan in March 2017.
Early life
Lakind was born in Cypress, Texas, and is Jewish. Their father, grandfather, and uncle are Israeli citizens. Their father, Larry Lakind, played baseball and football at Montclair State in New Jersey, and their grandfather, Alvin Lakind, played professional baseball in 1953 for the Amarillo Gold Sox in the West Texas-New Mexico League. Their older sister, Harriet, played high school and college basketball. They began playing t-ball at 4 years of age.
High school
Lakind played first base, outfield, and pitcher while at Cypress Woods High School. In 2009, as a junior they were named a Perfect Game Underclass 1st Team All American, was a member of the 2009 Texas Rangers Area Code Team, and was a member of the 2009 Aflac All American Team. Lakind pitched in the Aflac All-American High School Baseball Classic.
In 2010, as a senior they hit .404/.523/.764, with 5 home runs and 23 RBIs. On the mound they had an 8–0 record, a 1.88 ERA, and 91 strikeouts in 63.1 innings pitched, and pitched the first no-hitter in school history. At the time they threw both a 4-seam and 2-seam fastball that touched 90–91 mph, a curveball with a late break (77–79 mph), and a change-up (81–83 mph).
They were named the District 15-5A Most Valuable Player, and Sun Player of the Year. They were also named a 2010 Rawlings-Perfect Game 1st Team All-American, Texas – All-Region 1st Team, and Rivals.com named them the # 60 high school baseball prospect in the nation (writing "With ability to either stay at first base or develop into a pitcher, Lakind has drawn comparisons all over the map. Most frequently they have been discussed as a 20-home run-type first baseman.").
Career
Pittsburgh Pirates
Lakind, who had a letter of intent to play for the University of Arkansas, was drafted by the Pirates as a first baseman in the 23rd round of the 2010 Major League Baseball draft, and signed in August 2010 for a signing bonus of $400,000—far above the maximum of $150,000 that Major League Baseball recommended for all players drafted after the 5th round. They began their professional career in 2010 and 2011 as a first baseman with the GCL Pirates of the Rookie Gulf Coast League. In 2012, they played first base for the State College Spikes of the Class A- New York-Penn League.
In 2013 Lakind was converted to a relief pitcher and pitched in 17 games for the Jamestown Jammers of the New York-Penn League. In 2014, they pitched for both Jamestown and for the West Virginia Power of the Class A South Atlantic League, and for the two teams combined was 0–1 with a 3.57 ERA in 25 games.
In 2015, they pitched for both the GCL Pirates and the West Virginia Power, and was a combined 3–1 with a 1.69 ERA in 20 games. They missed half the season, due to surgery to remove a cyst from the sciatic nerve in their left leg. That year their fastball was noted as having good deception, which made it look faster to batters.
In 2016, the Pirates skipped them over Class A+ Bradenton and had Lakind pitch for the Altoona Curve of the Class AA Eastern League. They set a team record for consecutive scoreless frames pitched in a single season at 25.1 innings from May 5 – June 23. Lakind was named to the Eastern League All Star Team as a member of the bullpen. For the season, they were 5–1 with 7 saves and had a 2.59 ERA in 47 games and a career-high 66 innings, and had 8.5 K/9. They throw a fastball that reaches 94 mph, and has a good breaking ball.
In October 2016 the Pirates re-signed Lakind, which kept them from becoming a minor league free agent.
They started the 2017 season pitching for Altoona, for whom they were 1–1 with 2 saves and a 6.81 ERA, and 38 strikeouts in 35.2 innings. On July 7, the Pirates released them from the organization.
Miami Marlins
One week later they signed with the Miami Marlins who assigned them to the Greensboro Grasshoppers of the Class A South Atlantic League, for whom they were 1–1 with a 4.24 ERA, and then to the Jupiter Hammerheads of the Class A+ Florida State League, for whom they pitched 1.2 scoreless innings. They elected to be a free agent on November 6.
Lancaster Barnstormers
In 2018, Lakind pitched for the Lancaster Barnstormers of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. They were 2–3 with a 3.83 ERA, in 42.1 innings over 41 games. They became a free agent following the 2018 season. In the 2018–19 winter season, they pitched for Charros de Jalisco of the Mexican Pacific Winter League.
In 2019, Lakind re-signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers. Pitching for the team in 2019 they were 7–9 with a 4.82 ERA, and was 10th in the league with 98 strikeouts in 142.0 innings. They became a free agent following the season. Lakind re-signed with the Barnstormers on February 22, 2020. However, they did not play with the team in 2020 as the season was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Team Texas
In July 2020, Lakind signed on to play for Team Texas of the Constellation Energy League (a makeshift 4-team independent league created as a result of the pandemic) for the 2020 season.
Lancaster Barnstormers (second stint)
On February 26, 2021, Lakind re-signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. They became a free agent following the season.
Team Israel
Lakind pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier in September 2016. To demonstrate to Team Israel that they were Jewish, Lakind's family sent the team a photo of the tombstone of Lakind's grandmother, with a Star of David carved onto it. Lakind's only appearance in the tournament was during the second game, against Brazil. They threw 31 pitches over 1 inning, walking 2 and striking out 2, and picking up the hold.
Lakind pitched for Team Israel in the second round of the 2017 World Baseball Classic. They pitched in 2 games, pitching 1.2 scoreless innings.
In November 2019, they obtained Israeli citizenship so that they could play for Team Israel in baseball at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Lakind was included on the roster for Team Israel at the 2020 Olympics, but was later replaced after suffering an injury while playing for the Lancaster Barnstormers.
References
External links
Twitter
1992 births
Living people
Israeli American
Israeli baseball players
Altoona Curve players
Baseball players from Texas
Greensboro Grasshoppers players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Jamestown Jammers players
Jewish American baseball players
People from Cypress, Texas
State College Spikes players
West Virginia Power players
Jupiter Hammerheads players
Lancaster Barnstormers players
Charros de Jalisco players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
Team Texas players
21st-century American Jews
Thomas Cunningham Cochran (November 30, 1877 – December 10, 1957) was an American lawyer and Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania for four terms from 1927 to 1935.
Early life and career
Thomas C. Cochran was born in Sandy Creek Township, Pennsylvania (near Sheakleyville, Pennsylvania). They moved with their parents to Mercer, Pennsylvania, in 1879. They graduated from the Mercer High School in 1896 and from Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, in 1901. They were a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity. They were a member of the faculty of Mercer Academy in 1902 and 1903. They studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1903. They commenced practice in Mercer, Pennsylvania. They were district attorney of Mercer County, Pennsylvania, from 1906 to 1909. They were a trustee of Westminster College.
Congress
Cochran was elected as a Republican to the Seventieth and to the three succeeding Congresses. They were not a candidate for renomination in 1934.
Later career and death
After their time in Congress, they served as a delegate to the Inter-Parliamentary Union Conferences in Paris, France, in 1927, Berlin, Germany, in 1928, Geneva, Switzerland, in 1929, London, England, in 1930, and Istanbul, Turkey, in 1934, and as an observer in Oslo, Norway, in 1939, Istanbul in 1951, and Washington, D.C. in 1953.
They resumed the practice of law, and died in Mercer. Interment in Mercer Citizens Cemetery.
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1877 births
1957 deaths
People from Mercer, Pennsylvania
Westminster College (Pennsylvania) alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Behnuiyeh (, also Romanized as Behnū'īyeh and Bahnū'īyeh; also known as Behnow, Behnu, and Chāvārchi) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Sylvie Caster (born 1952 in Arcachon , Gironde) is a French journalist and writer.
Biography
After studying journalism and political science in Bordeaux, Sylvie Caster published numerous columns, notably in Charlie Hebdo from 1976 to 1981 at the time of Cavanna, Wolinski and Reiser, then in Le Canard enchaîné.
They entered Le Canard in 1983 where they hosted a column entitled "Calamity Caster", where they took an energetic position in a whole series of social debates. They were the first woman writer of Le Canard enchaîné since 1920. The arrival of this strong personality did not go unnoticed to the newspaper which, by tradition, is accompanied in the texts and also the drawings, with a smiling but real misogyny . They received the Mumm Prize in 1994.
Since its creation in 2008, they regularly collaborate with the magazine XXI, in which they draw a unique portrait of France today.
 They are the author, among others, of five novels including Les Chênes verts and Dormir.
Works
1980: Les Chênes verts, Le Livre de Poche,
1982: La France fout la camp, recueil de chroniques parues dans Charlie Hebdo, éd. Trévise-BFB
1985: Nel est mort, , Le Livre de Poche,
1991: Bel-Air, Éditions Grasset, , Prix populiste et Prix des bouquinistes
1994: La bombe humaine, Arléa,
1995: La Petite Sibérie, Grasset,
2002: Dormir, , , Prix Jean-Freustié 2003.
2010: Ici-bas, coédition Les Arènes-XXI,
2015: L'homme océan, Éditions du Seuil, series "Raconter la vie",
References
External links
Sylvie Caster on Babelio
Sylvie Caster: Siné, c'est un modèle de môme éternel on Libération (5 May 2016)
Sylvie Caster on Itinéraires
Un mois chez Charlie-Hebdo
20th-century French writers
21st-century French writers
20th-century French journalists
21st-century French journalists
French women journalists
Charlie Hebdo people
Prix Jean Freustié winners
1952 births
People from Arcachon
Living people
20th-century French women
21st-century French women
USS Arcady (SP-577) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
Arcady was built as the private steam yacht Osceola by Samuel H. Pine at New York City. They later are renamed Arcady.
On 28 May 1917, the U.S. Navy purchased Arcady from their owner, Arthur Meeker of Beverly, Massachusetts, for use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. They were commissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, as USS Arcady (SP-577) on 8 June 1917.
Initially assigned to the 1st Naval District in northern New England, Arcady acted as duty and guard boat at the Boston Navy Yard in Boston. They also conducted patrols off Provincetown, Massachusetts, and near the Cape Cod Canal.
In October 1918, Arcady was reassigned to the 2nd Naval District in southern New England, where they performed patrol duty from their base at Submarine Base New London at New London, Connecticut, through the end of World War I and into the spring of 1919.
In April 1919, Arcady moved to New York City, where they were decommissioned at the Marine Basin on 12 May 1919. They were stricken from the Navy List on 17 May 1919 sold to Mr. C. R. Stewart of Arlington, New Jersey, on 20 September 1919.
References
Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images: Civilian Ships: Arcady (American Steam Yacht, 1898). Served as USS Arcady (SP-577) in 1917–1919
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Arcady (SP 577)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in New York City
1898 ships
Individual yachts
Belmont Center is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Belmont, Massachusetts. It serves the Fitchburg Line. It is situated at the intersection of Common Street, Concord Avenue, and Leonard Street adjacent to Belmont's town center. It is one of two railroad stations located in Belmont, the other being Waverley station located in Waverley Square.
The modern station was built in 1908 after the completion of a grade separation project in which the railroad tracks were raised above grade. There are two low-level side platforms serving the line's two tracks on an elevated grade. The station has no high-level platforms or ramps and is therefore not handicapped accessible. The station does not have a ticket office or ticket vending machines, meaning passengers must purchase tickets on board the trains.
History
Early days
Wellington Hill station opened in 1852, with a former school building built the previous decade moved to the site for a depot. A two-story wooden depot was built around 1879; the old station was moved and used as a summer house and an art studio at the Underwood Estate nearby. It was given to the Belmont Historical Society in 1975, and moved to its present location across the street from the modern station in 1980.
Track elevation
To eliminate the busy grade crossing of Concord Avenue, the tracks through Belmont Center were raised in 1907. A massive two-story California Bungalow station was built from 365 tons of fieldstone quarried from Belmont Hill by a local farmer. All service to Belmont Center and nearby Waverley ended in 1958.
MBTA era and accessibility
Service to Belmont Center and Waverley resumed on March 4, 1974. The Central Mass Branch had been discontinued in 1971, so all service was on the South Acton (now Fitchburg) Line. Weekend service was discontinued at the two stops on January 30, 1981 as part of general cutbacks, but restored on December 6, 1993.
The 1908-built station building, which is now owned and occupied by the Belmont Lions Club, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 4, 1998.
As part of budget cuts, the MBTA was considering an option to shutter the current Belmont station as well as Waverley station and build a new stop in between.
Plans to combine both stations have been outlined in previous studies as early as 2005. Such works as Fitchburg Commuter Rail Line Improvement Implementation Plan, released in September 2005 have considered this plan. However, plans for a new station were dropped in January 2016. , there are no active plans to upgrade Belmont Center and make it ADA-accessible.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
References
External links
MBTA - Belmont
Concord Avenue entrance from Google Maps Street View
Station House from Google Maps Street View
Belmont, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1852
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Lions Clubs International
1852 establishments in Massachusetts
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1974
Railway stations closed in 1958
The General Confederation of Democratic Workers (CGTD) is a trade union centre in Colombia. It was founded in 1988.
The CGTD is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
References
Trade unions in Colombia
International Trade Union Confederation
Trade unions established in 1988
Orlande Kpassa Lago Liade (born 7 May 1997) is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Polish side Górnik Konin.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Ivorian footballers
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
I liga players
III liga players
IV liga players
Orlande Kpassa
Bytovia Bytów players
Górnik Konin players
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Maurice McCarthy (1881 - 1962) was an Irish sportsperson. A native of Castleisland, Maurice McCarthy took up employment in Tralee with a business firm. With They played Gaelic football with the Tralee Mitchels and was a member of the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1902 until 1915.
Having won three All-Ireland medals by 1910, Maurice McCarthy decided to hang up their football boots for good. But in 1913 came the Croke Memorial Final with Louth which agitated Kerry to its depths, Maurice was recalled from retirement. Willingly they responded and capably they performed, to give Kerry one of its greatest victories, though it does not appear on the record books. They continued to play, and won another All-Ireland that year and the following.
A son of Maurice's, Dan Joe, won a minor All-Ireland title with Kerry and another son John Mitchel, helped Longford to supreme honours in the junior grade.
References
1881 births
1962 deaths
Kerry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Peshterica is a former village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It is now submerged under the Lake of Prilep.
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Androstadienone, or androsta-4,16-dien-3-one, is a 16-androstene class endogenous steroid that has been described as having potent pheromone-like activities in humans. The compound is synthesized from androstadienol by 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, and can be converted into androstenone (a more potent and odorous pheromone) by 5α-reductase, which can subsequently be converted into 3α-androstenol or 3β-androstenol (also more potent and odorous pheromones) by 3-ketosteroid reductase.
Androstadienone is related to the androgen sex hormones; however, androstadienone does not exhibit any androgenic or anabolic effects. Though it has been reported to significantly affect the mood of heterosexual women and homosexual men, it does not alter behavior overtly, although it may have more subtle effects on attention.
Androstadienone is commonly sold in male fragrances; it is purported to increase sexual attraction. Androstadienone, in picogram quantities, has been shown to have "significant reduction of nervousness, tension and other negative feeling states" in female subjects.
See also
List of neurosteroids § Pheromones and pherines
References
External links
Jacob, Tim J.C. (2005) [1999] A critical review of the evidence for the existence (1) human pheromones and (2) a functional vomeronasal organ (VNO) in humans, School of Biosciences, Cardiff University
Androstanes
Human pheromones
Neurosteroids
Mammalian pheromones
Cyclopentenes
The Walls of Ávila in central Spain, completed between the 11th and 14th centuries, are the city of Ávila's principal historic feature. These fortifications are the most complete in all of Spain.
Description
The work was started in 1090 but most of the defensive wall appears to have been rebuilt in the 12th century. The enclosed area is an irregular rectangle of 31 hectares with a perimeter of some 2,516 meters, including 88 semicircular towers. The walls have an average width of 3 metres and an average height of 12 metres. The nine gates were completed over several different periods. The Puerta de San Vicente (Gate of St Vincent) and the Puerta del Alcazar (Gate of the Fortress) are flanked by twin towers, 20 metres high, linked by a semicircular arch. The apse of the cathedral also forms one of the towers.
It is possible to walk upon the walls for roughly half the circumference. Whilst some of the walls will never be navigable in this way because of their integration into other structures, there is a large stretch of the walls that has yet to be made safe for pedestrians.
The site was registered as a National Monument in 1884. In 1985, the old city of Ávila and its extramural churches were declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO.
Gallery
References
External links
Official audio guide in English
Walls of Ávila in Arteguias.com
Old Town of Ávila with its Extra-Muros Churches
Murallas (Town Walls) of Ávila
Buildings and structures in Ávila, Spain
Avila
Bien de Interés Cultural landmarks in the Province of Ávila
The 2013–14 season was West Bromwich Albion's fourth consecutive season in the Premier League, their eighth in total. During the season, they also competed in the League Cup and the FA Cup.
Season summary
Steve Clarke was sacked in December following four consecutive defeats, which left Albion in 16th place. They were replaced by former Real Betis manager Pepe Mel, who guided Albion to safety despite only winning 3 of their 18 matches in charge. At the end of the season, Mel's contract was terminated by mutual consent; they were replaced by Everton's academy manager Alan Irvine.
Players
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Player statistics
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute.
Players with no appearances not included in the list.
As of 11 May 2014
* – One booking in League Cup
+ – One booking in FA Cup
Source:
Results
Pre-season
During pre-season, Albion installed the Hawk-Eye system at their home ground, The Hawthorns, in order to enable the newly introduced goal-line technology for the 2013–14 season.
Overall
Premier League
Albion participated in the 2013–14 Premier League.
League table
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
All matches on 11–14 April kicked off 7 minutes after the originally scheduled time, to mark the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster.
FA Cup
League Cup
Albion participated in the 2013–14 Football League Cup. At half-time in their home tie against Arsenal, the club were presented with a blue plaque as one of the 12 founder members of the Football League, which was celebrating its 125th anniversary. The plaque was later displayed on the outside of the East Stand at The Hawthorns.
Transfers
In
Out
Notes
Zoltán Gera was re-signed by West Bromwich Albion before the start of the 2013–14 season.
Notes
References
West Bromwich Albion F.C. seasons
West Bromwich Albion
Cherax pulcher is a species of crayfish from West Papua in Indonesia. It is popular as a freshwater aquarium species across Asia, Europe, and North America.
Etymology
The specific name is derived from the Latin word pulcher, which means "beautiful". The name was chosen due to the species' bright coloration.
Discovery
The species was first observed being sold for aquariums, where it was ascertained that it likely represented a new species. However, it proved difficult to track down, as dealers' claims as to its location proved difficult to corroborate. It was eventually traced to the Bird's Head Peninsula in New Guinea, where a number of specimens were collected with the help of the Maju Aquarium in Jakarta.
Description
Males of the species measure in length, while females measure long. The body is slightly oval in shape. The species has notably large eyes.
The species is brightly colored, with a pink cephalothorax that fades into greenish-grey on the sides. The rostrum is a greenish-blue, and the pleon is dark blue or black, with pinkish-grey or cream coloration on the margins (in some individuals the pleon is greenish-grey with pink speckles). The tail fan is cream-colored or pink around the outside margin. The legs are blue, and the chelae are blue with varying intensities, with cream-colored or white margins.
Taxonomy
Cherax pulcher is part of the subgenus Astaconephrops. It is the nineteenth Cherax species to have been discovered in West Papua in Indonesia (Cherax are not known from other Indonesian regions). The most morphologically similar species, C. boesemani, is found in the Ajamaru Lake and the Ajamaru River, approximately away.
Range and habitat
So far the species has only been found in Hoa Creek near the village of Teminabuan in West Papua, Indonesia. The creek is clear, fast flowing in some places, with a sandy and rocky bottom.
Human use
The species is sold throughout Asia, Europe, and North America on the ornamental fish market, where it is commonly marketed under the names "Hoa Creek", "Blue Moon", or "Irian Jaya". Local people also harvest it as a source of food.
Conservation status
Due to continued harvesting of the species both for export and for consumption, it has been observed by local collectors that the species' numbers have begun to decrease.
References
Parastacidae
Crustaceans of Indonesia
Crustaceans described in 2015
Fauna of Western New Guinea
Sir Rabindrah Ghurburrun (Tamil: சர் இரவீந்திர குருபரன்) (1928–2008) was the first Vice President of Mauritius from 1992 to 1997. They started their political career as a member of the Mauritius Labour Party. However, they were appointed by the Mauritian Militant Movement-Militant Socialist Movement coalition government as vice president while the Labour Party was in the opposition.
A lawyer by profession, they did a diploma at the University of Oxford. They were also the first High Commissioner of Mauritius to India. Then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi described them as behaving like the last Maharaja of India
They died at the age of 79 in Paris.
References
1928 births
2008 deaths
Mauritian Hindus
Mauritian people of Indian descent
Vice-presidents of Mauritius
20th-century Mauritian lawyers
Alumni of the University of Oxford
High Commissioners of Mauritius to India
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Grand Officers of the Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean
James Bumgardner (1935–2015) was an expressionist/figurative painter, multi-media artist, and stage set designer who was a Virginia Commonwealth University professor of art in the VCU School of the Arts. As an undergraduate student at Richmond Professional Institute (RPI), Bumgardner was encouraged by their mentor Jewett Campbell to study with the notable Art Students League of New York instructor Hans Hoffman (1880–1966), and Bumgardner received the last scholarship given by Hoffman, a German-born American abstract expressionist painter. Using their scholarship, Bumgardner studied with Hoffman in Provincetown in 1957, during which time they became friends with gallery director Richard Bellamy and artist Jan Müller. In 1963 in Richmond Jim Bumgardner and Jon Bowie co-directed a series of multi-media events or "happenings". The first was called "Synthesis" and was influenced by the productions of Allan Kaprow and the ONCE Festival of New Music of Ann Arbor, Michigan. After "Synthesis" Bumgardner and Jon Bowie invited notable outside performance and visual artists who joined in a series of annual "Bang, Bang, Bang Arts Festival" happenings in Richmond.
Education and teaching career
As a youth, James Arliss Bumgardner studied painting at St. Leo's Catholic Church in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, with Sister St. Denys, who had been a restorer at the Vatican Museums. They attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for one year before deciding to focus on a career in art. Another year of art study was spent at Salem College under the instruction of Ed Shewmake, and in 1965 the college added art by Bumgardner to its collection. In 1955 they switched to Richmond Professional Institute in Richmond, Virginia (afterward renamed Virginia Commonwealth University), where they studied with Jewett Campbell and received their BFA before beginning their teaching career.
While studying with Hoffman they befriended gallery director Richard Bellamy and artist Jan Müller, and was influenced by them. In 1957 Jim Bumgardner was hired to paint the historic childhood home of the arctic explorer Donald Baxter MacMillan, and their friend Dick Bellamy agreed to help him. Art historian Judith Stein relates in their account "Provincetown, 1954, 2011", that "Neither had experience with the tricky business of unfurling rolls, matching patterns and anchoring strips to the wall with glue. When their employer stopped by to check in on them, the two were dripping with glue and surrounded by mangled lengths of wallpaper. They were so amused that they called a halt to their work, and to their surprise, treated the skinny, would-be workers to dinner."
RPI (Richmond Professional Institute) professor Jack Hilton followed the Bauhaus theory of including fine artists in the commercial design field of study, and that was the area in which Bumgardner began their teaching career. When RPI became VCU, Bumgardner became a member of the Painting and Printmaking faculty in Virginia Commonwealth University's School of the Arts.
One of Bumgardner's students was Richmond artist/musician/actor Wes Freed, who attended Virginia Commonwealth University, where they were strongly influenced by professors James Bumgardner and Myron Helfgott. At VCU, Freed, known for their association with the Athens-via-Alabama rock band, Drive-By Truckers, also studied with Lester Van Winkle, Joseph H. Seipel and James Bradford.
Bumgardner was one of the artists who lost a large studio space in Richmond's old Masonic Temple after being displaced a decade previously from another closed studio complex. As described by Richmond Magazine'''s art historian Harry Kollatz, "a group of artists came to the temple's doors after leaving studios in Shockoe Slip's Bowers Brothers Coffee building because of its reclamation by developer Andrew J. Asch Jr. This group included VCU professors Morris Yarowsky, Jim Bumgardner, José Puig, Sal Federico and Myron Helfgott, along with graduates from Jeff Davis and Bruce Behrman. On Nov. 15, 1973, during preparations for the move-in, Puig, a sculptor, jimmied open an elevator shaft and fell one story to their death. This almost halted the temple migration. But the artists needed a place to work, and for a decade, securing a studio at the temple became a rite of artistic passage."
Exhibitions
As a young artist in the 1957 North Carolina Artists Show, Bumgardner was awarded a purchase prize and a scholarship. Other awards of distinction in the North Carolina show followed in 1958, 1960, and 1962. In 1963 five of the previous winners of the North Carolina Artists Show were featured in a show of their own at the North Carolina Museum of Art.
"Synthesis" was followed by the Bang, Bang, Bang event, for which Bumgardner and their students were a major driving force. BANG focused on RPI alumni, faculty, and their creative associates, some affiliated with the university and many who were not. Alexandra Klingelhut of the VCU
University Public Affairs office described the poster used for one of the shows, announcing, "A poster of six artists with ties to RPI who participated in a multi-media performance during the Bang, Bang, Bang Arts Festival in 1966. The festival was a week-long celebration of experimental art held each spring at RPI from 1964 to 1967." Artists in the 1966 exhibition shown at the Richmond Public Library were James Bumgardner, Jonathan Bowie, Richard Carlyon, Bernard Martin, and Willard Pilchard.
Experimental BANG festivals I, II, III, and IV, starting in 1964 are discussed on the website of Richmond Professional Institute art alumna Carol Sutton. The Sutton website also shows some of the imaginative BANG posters and recalls details about the celebrity participants who attended. Artists, performers, and fans for BANG included one-man band blues singer Jesse Fuller, composers Robert Ashley and John Cage, filmmaker George Manupelli, dancer Twyla Tharp, painters Barnett Newman and Larry Rivers, experimental printmaker Robert Rauschenberg, critic Henry Geldzahler, jazz musician John Lee Hooker, sculptor George Segal, gallery director Richard Bellamy, and a writer from Village Voice, Howard Smith.
In 1975, their art was exhibited in a one-person exhibition at the 20th Century Gallery in Williamsburg, Virginia.
In 1978 Bumgardner exhibited their recent works at Scott McKennis Gallery in Richmond. In September 26 - October 22, 1978, simultaneously with the Scott-Mckennis show, their art, mostly on loan from private collections, was exhibited in a one-man show at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, and a Certificate of Distinction in the VMFA's previous juried biennial exhibition.Proctor, Roy. James Bumgardner's Dream Room, Richmond News-Leader, Sat. Oct. 7, 1978, p. A-50. They showed with Reynolds Minor (later Reynolds Gallery) in Richmond, Fleischman Gallery in New York, Gallery K in Washington, D.C., Zola Fine Art in Los Angeles, Katherine Markel Gallery in New York, and Page Bond Gallery" in Richmond. In 1980, their painting "Pure Room" was in an exhibition of contemporary art at the Peninsula Arts Center, circulated by the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, with a grant from the Virginia Commission for the Arts.
In 2014 American University in Washington, D.C. sponsored an auction of works from the estate of H. Marc Moyens as part of their annual Fall for the Arts, and one of Bumgardner's paintings, "Untitled, 1978 Oil on canvas, 23 x 23 in." was on the auction block. An image of the painting may be seen at the American University website. Their art is also included in the collection of Westminster-Canterbury in Richmond.
Other honors and awards
In 1960 they were an invited exhibiting artist in the Sarasota Art Association's South Coast Exhibition at the Ringling Museum of Art, under Ryder System patronage.
In 1962 Jim Bumgardner and their wife Judy Bumgardner served as visiting artists at the Davidson College Fine Arts Festival. In 1976 they served with artist John Curran, then Director of Packaging Design for Reynolds Metals Company, as co-juror for the annual Undiscovered Artists'' exhibition at the Jewish Community Center (JCC) of Richmond, Virginia.
In 1980 Bumgardner was selected by director Tom Markus as the set designer for the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts' theatre production of Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot. They received a National Endowment for the Arts Grant for the Godot set design project.
In 1981, after receiving a purchase award from the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art in Winston-Salem, their painting became part of a SECCA traveling exhibition shown at Mars Hill College, with funding from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Rockefeller Foundation.
References
1935 births
Virginia Commonwealth University faculty
Art Students League of New York people
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
2015 deaths
20th-century American male artists
Veliki Rit () is an urban neighborhood of the city of Novi Sad, Serbia.
Name
Name "veliki rit" means "big marsh" in Serbian.
Location
Veliki Rit is located in the northern part of Novi Sad between Klisa and Slana Bara in the west, Mišin Salaš and Mali Beograd in the south, Deponija in the north, and Radna Zona Sever 4 in the east.
Population
Veliki Rit is the largest ethnic Romani neighborhood in Novi Sad. Its population numbering 2,500 inhabitants, of whom 70-90% are refugees from Kosovo and south Serbia. According to another source, population of Veliki Rit include 350 Romani families, of whom 150 are refugees from Kosovo. There are some 30 Ashkali families in the settlement as well.
Organizations
The Society of Roma Veliki Rit is an ethnic Roma organization located in the neighborhood, whose purpose is to cooperate with other Roma societies and to improve economical status of Roma people in the neighborhood.
See also
Neighborhoods of Novi Sad
List of Roma settlements
References
Jovan Mirosavljević, Brevijar ulica Novog Sada 1745-2001, Novi Sad, 2002.
Zoran Rapajić, Novi Sad bez tajni, Beograd, 2002.
External links
Health situation of Roma people in Novi Sad and Veliki Rit
About Veliki Rit (in Serbian)
Novi Sad neighborhoods
Romani communities in Serbia
Kjell Arvid Storeide (born 1952) is a Norwegian businessperson.
They were the CEO of Stokke Gruppen from 1990 to 2004.  They are the chairperson of the board of Innovation Norway and Rem Offshore, and a member of the board of Aker ASA, Salmar ASA and Investinor (formerly known as Statens Investeringsselskap).  They are a former member of the board of the Norwegian Industrial and Regional Development Fund, SND Invest, the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise, the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries, and the Norwegian Food Research Institute (Matforsk).
When Storeide was appointed chairperson of the board of Innovation Norway in 2006, this was criticized by the political opposition. Conservative politician Børge Brende cited that companies in which Storeide was an owner or board member had received NOK 35 million from Innovation Norway over the past two years.
Storeide hails from Stranda, and lives in Ålesund.
References
1952 births
Living people
Norwegian businesspeople
People from Møre og Romsdal
People from Stranda
Tyurdinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2002.
Geography
Tyurdinskaya is located 33 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Borisovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
"How Can I Love You More" is the debut single from British band M People taken from their debut album, Northern Soul. It was written by Mike Pickering and Paul Heard, and produced by M People. The single was first released in 1991 peaking at number 29 and then re-released on 25 January 1993 with several new remixes. The song was a bigger hit and peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart.
Background
When M People formed at the end of 1990, they had released "Colour My Life" as a limited edition White label to acclaim from both critics and colleagues as well as being heavily rotated on dancefloors. This single became the first official cut from the album ahead of its release in 1991. The band's core members, Mike Pickering and Paul Heard, had been working on the parent album and various tracks which featured a variety of different lead singers, including Mark Bell (who would go on to duet with Heather Small on hit single "Don't Look Any Further" on the next album). The band had also been trialling their songs out on the road playing at various small venues across the UK, particularly Northern England and "How Can I Love You More?" was turning out to be a favourite track when performed live as a classic Northern Soul number with a clear groove and Heather's gutsy vocals.
The song continued to be a real hit with fans that record label Deconstruction decided it should have another chance to be released. So after four introductory previous Top 40 singles from Northern Soul—"Colour My Life", "How Can I Love You More?", "Someday" and "Excited"—Manchester DJ Sasha produced and remixed new instrumental over Heather's original vocals from the 1991 original classic, keeping the original piano break. This turned the Northern Soul classic into an even bigger dance release.
"How Can I Love You More?" not only marked the start of M People's breakthrough, but was the first of four consecutive Top 10 singles in 1993. Only Take That sold more singles in their native UK. The success of the single is prompted by the fact that at the time it did not feature on any album and so was very much a unique M People track.
Composition
The song starts with an insistent piano riff that remains the backbone of the song's structure outside of the choruses, second keyboard plays strings throughout and subtle tambourine synths are layered over the top of the mid-tempo Soul groove. In the middle eight the insistent piano riff changes to a funky 60-second piano break on top of the underlying instrumental. Lyrically, the song is about the insecurities of being in-love if not reciprocated or if lost. And the constant repetition of the title in the chorus refrain highlights the desperate mood of the song and the want of trying to get 'good love' if not being received.
For the re-release, in Autumn 1992, Mike Pickering and Paul Heard approached Sasha with the idea to funk up two singles from Northern Soul ahead of its re-release: "Someday" and "How Can I Love You More?" into a massive alternative dance tunes, and they did. The biggest track and the album's lead single, "How Can I Love You More?" was chosen to be re-released the following spring, while the band worked on tracks for their new album. Heather's vocals were slightly speeded up and some new vocal ad-libs were added and the melody speed increased from 125 to 140 bpm. The song stays true to the original piano arrangements, but layers of synths were added, new percussion, a second keyboard playing europhoric chords to replace the original string arrangement and a faster drum beat with a 4-tap reverb were added.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard called the song a "mid-tempo jewel". Anderson Jones from Entertainment Weekly described it as "heartsick". Irish newspaper Evening Herald deemed it a "delicious" and "classic club hit". Alan Jones from Music Week said "How Can I Love You More" is "their best single". On the 1993 version, Alan Jones noted, "The natural flow of the song has been sacrificed for a spacier mix and a hypnotic ambient dub which veers close to French Kiss territory, but should find favour in clubs, ensuring that the record is a hit yet again." Andy Beevers from the magazine's RM Dance Update described it as "an up-tempo affair built around the catchiest of basslines and a timeless piano and strings arrangement."
Chart performance
When the single was initially released the first time it entered the chart at lowly number 61 at the end of October 1991, consequently spending the next five weeks climbing gradually to a peak of 29 following increasingly improved airplay, club acclaim especially in Northern England and their debut performance on Top of the Pops in the UK. The single left the chart at the end of the year after a total of nine weeks.
When re-released, thanks to large airplay and great DJ support the single entered the chart at number 9, awarding the band their first ever UK Top 10 Sales chart entry. They appeared on Top of the Pops again to promote the new version of the single the week of release in mid-February 1993. It was clear that the single was already proving very popular in the clubs and getting heavy rotation from both mainstream and dance stations. In the days of the early 1990s, two weeks of airplay was more than enough prior to release of a single, and "How Can I Love You More (Mixes)" proved this by climbing further within the Top 10 to peak at number 8 in its second week, with ever-increasing airplay. It seemed the cult following of the original Northern Soul version as well as a new legion of fans were very much embracing the new adaptation. Respected DJ Sasha had transformed the single and gave it major credibility to give a soul classic a club-friendly edge for dance floors, who in-turn, very heavily rotated the song. It spent 8 weeks on the chart, leaving at the end of March 1993.
Music video
The accompanying music video shows M People's core members: Mike Pickering on backing vocals and sax, Paul Heard on grand piano, and Heather Small on lead vocals performing in a disused but brightly lit Surrey Warehouse with their percussionist and drummer intercut with scenes of performing dancers. There are various close ups of each member of the band as they either sing into their mics or play their instruments in a faux live setting.
For the remix, there were no plans or budget to produce a brand-new video, so a re-edited version of the video for 1991's version of "How Can I Love You More?" was used to promote the track, notably using additional inserts from the "Colour My Life" video in parts.
Live
This Sasha remix has been performed during the Encore of the live gigs since 1994 alongside "Itchycoo Park", then later "Search for the Hero" and "Moving on Up". The original version of the song was once again played live from the Millennium Tour in the Winter of 1999, where the dance beat has made way for a more soulful groove once again, with hints of the original piano arrangement from the original version. Heather opens the song on their own singing the first verse of the song in a cappella as the song builds all around and the song crescendos at the end of the first verse.
During the piano break in the middle eight Heather normally enthuses the crowd with cheers and whoops to lead into the final chorus refrain where they sing "How Can I Love You More?" and the audience responds to them in the same vain, in a call-and-response style through to the end of the song.
Artwork
The 1991 sleeve of the CD artwork is a simple dark blue cover with two very distinct vertical lines running through it. One colour is lime green running through the middle and the other is white to the left of the green line. There is also two wider lighter blue lines either side of the white line. The band's name is seen in medium-sized letters, in its typical font, on the top right of the artwork. On the 7" and 12" versions (seen above) the same cover is used but the lime green vertical line is wider with a white line running through it and another vertical white dissects the sleeve slightly off centre on the dark blue cover.
The 1993 art work of the mixes single incorporates the images of the previous single's artwork; the blue/green/white vertical lines from the original "How Can I Love You More?", the colourful circles on "Colour My Life", the square red blocks from "Excited" and the plain red flower on "Someday". It does this by using square photos of each of the band set up in the shape of a flower pattern with vertical colour lines in each picture. Some of these pictures can also be seen in the sleeve of the re-released Northern Soul.
Track listings & formats
7" single (1991)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Radio Edit) 3:07
"How Can I Love You More?" (Holy Love) 5:07
12" single (1991)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Album Version) 5:16
"How Can I Love You More?" (Club Mix) 5:47
"How Can I Love You More?" (A cappella) 2:32
CD single (1991)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Radio Edit) 3:07
"How Can I Love You More?" (Club Mix) 5:47
"How Can I Love You More?" (Holy Love) 5:07
"How Can I Love You More?" (A cappella) 2:32
7" single (1993)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Sasha's Master Edit) 3:22
"How Can I Love You More?" (Holy Love) 5:07
12" maxi single (1993)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Sasha's Master Mix) 6:17
"How Can I Love You More?" (Sasha's Ambient Dub) 6:19
"How Can I Love You More?" (Rollo's Mix) 5:34
"Someday" (Sasha's Full Tension Mix) 7:10
CD maxi single (1993)
"How Can I Love You More?" (Sasha's Master Edit) 3:22
"How Can I Love You More?" (Sasha's Master Mix) 6:17
"How Can I Love You More?" (Rollo's Mix) 5:34
"Someday" (Sasha's Full Tension Mix) 7:10
Charts
References
M People songs
1991 debut singles
1993 singles
1991 songs
Deconstruction Records singles
Number-one singles in Zimbabwe
Songs written by Mike Pickering
Songs written by Paul Heard
The Apostolic Nunciature to Sierra Leone is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Sierra Leone. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Liberia.
List of papal representatives to Sierra Leone
Apostolic Delegates
Johannes Dyba (25 August 1979 - 1 June 1983)
Romeo Panciroli (6 November 1984 - 18 March 1992)
Luigi Travaglino (4 April 1992 - 2 May 1995)
Antonio Lucibello (8 September 1995 - 27 July 1999)
Apostolic Nuncios
Alberto Bottari de Castello (18 December 1999 - 1 April 2005)
George Antonysamy (20 September 2005 - 21 November 2012)
Mirosław Adamczyk (21 September 2013 - 12 August 2017)
Dagoberto Campos Salas (17 November 2018 – 14 May 2022)
Walter Erbì (20 July 2022 – present)
References
Sierra Leone
Holy See–Sierra Leone relations
Vatican City
Thomas Noel Mitchell is an Irish academic and university administrator who served as 42nd provost (president) of Trinity College Dublin from 1991 to 2001.
Biography
Mitchell, a native of Mayo, Ireland, was born in Castlebar on 7 December 1939 to Patrick Mitchell and Margaret Mitchell. They graduated with first class honours with a B.A. and M.A. in Latin and Greek from University College Galway. They earned a doctorate from Cornell University and a Litt.D. from Trinity College Dublin. They started their academic career as instructor at Cornell University from 1965 to 1966. They joined the faculty of Swarthmore College in 1966, first as assistant professor (1966-1973), then associate professor (1973-1978), and full professor (1978-1979). They returned to the Republic of Ireland as Professor of Latin at Trinity College Dublin in 1979. Their work on Cicero and Roman Republicanism has won them wide acclaim and has been described as a monument in the field.
They served as Director of Hibernia College in Dublin, and was the former Chairman of the boards of St. James's Hospital and the Ireland National Children's Trust. They were on the Irish Council for Science, Engineering and Technology. They also served as Director of the Trinity Foundation. In 1991, they were the first catholic elected as Provost of Trinity College Dublin, since Micheál Ó Mordha (Michael Moore) provost from 1689-1690.
 They are a member of the Royal Irish Academy and the American Philosophical Society, and is a Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford and St. John's College, Cambridge. They hold honorary doctorates from numerous universities, including the Queen's University, Belfast, National University of Ireland, Swarthmore College, Charles University in Prague, the State University of New York, and Victoria University, Melbourne.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Galway
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Cornell University alumni
Fellows of Trinity College Dublin
Members of the Royal Irish Academy
Provosts of Trinity College Dublin
Swarthmore College faculty
Members of the American Philosophical Society
The Ostzonenmeisterschaft 1949 (English: Championship of the Eastern Zone) was the second association football championship in what was to become East Germany. As in the previous season, it was played in a one-leg knock-out format with ten participating teams. Each of the five Länder—Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Brandenburg, Saxony, Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt—sent two representatives. Unlike the previous season, none of the regional championships was ended early, even if the participants for the championship had already been determined. Last year's winner SG Planitz did not qualify, but finalists SG Freiimfelde Halle – renamed ZSG Union Halle – reached the final again, this time beating Fortuna Erfurt to win their first championship.
Teams qualified for the play-offs
Play-offs
Qualifying round
Quarter finals
Semi finals
Final
References
RSSSF
German football championship
1948–49 in German football
Kubang Pasu is a federal constituency in Kubang Pasu District , Kedah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kubang Pasu constituency is divided into 44 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Kedah federal constituencies
Duet is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie and bassist Nobuyoshi Ino recorded in Japan in 1985 and released on the Paddle Wheel label. It features seven duet performances by Bowie and Ino.
Reception
The Allmusic review awarded the album 2 stars.
Track listing
"Kami-Fusen" (Ino) - 8:54
"Moon Over Bourbon Street" (Sting) - 5:45
"Fela - Ellen David" (Bowie, Haden, Ino) - 5:46
"Baku-No-Akubi" (Ino) 4:37
"Wishful Thinking" (Bowie) - 8:01
"Three-Legged Race" (Ino) - 3:15
"Goin' Home" (Dvořák, arranged Ino) - 4:22
Recorded August 1 & 2, 1985 at The Sound Inn, Studio A, Tokyo, Japan.
Personnel
Lester Bowie – trumpet
Nobuyoshi Ino – bass, synthesizer
Kimion Oikawa – Engineer
Masahiko Yuh – Producer
References
1985 albums
Lester Bowie albums
The Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) System, located along a twenty-mile (30 km) section of coastline from Melbourne Beach to Wabasso Beach, Florida, along State Road A1A. The 900 acre (3.6 km2) refuge was established in 1991, to protect the loggerhead and green sea turtles.
Management
Since 2012 the Archie Carr NWR is administered as part of the Everglades Headwaters NWR Complex, along with Pelican Island NWR, Lake Wales Ridge NWR, and the Everglades Headwaters National Wildlife Refuge and Conservation Area, through a partnership with the Caribbean Conservation Corporation (a nonprofit turtle conservation group founded by Dr. Archie Carr himself) and Archie Carr Working Group.
Habitat
The refuge provides nesting habitats for approximately one-fourth of all sea turtles nesting in the United States. About 15,000-20,000 sea turtles nests are laid annually, mostly loggerheads, green sea turtles, and some leatherbacks. The refuge also provides habitat for several other threatened and endangered species.
Three centers within the sanctuary are run by Brevard County under the aegis of the restrictions established by the federal government.
Conservation efforts
Archie Carr NWR is threatened by sea level rise. Scientists and researchers are studying the impacts of sea level rise on this ecosystem.
Notes
External links
Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge at U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on climate and sea level rise in the Southeast US
Indian River Lagoon
Melbourne Beach, Florida
National Wildlife Refuges in Florida
Protected areas established in 1991
Protected areas of Brevard County, Florida
Protected areas of Indian River County, Florida
1991 establishments in Florida
Journey in North America (original Hungarian title: Utazás Észak-Amerikában) is a book by Sándor Bölöni Farkas published in 1834. The author, travelling in the United States of America (New York, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland and New Jersey) and in Canada (Québec and Ontario) paid special attention to the social relations of these countries, which they put as an example to the feudalistic Hungary of that time.
The book was a big success in the Hungarian Reform Era, being read by the young reformers of the parliament of 1832–36 at Pozsony. István Széchenyi expressed their thanks to the author in a letter, calling their work the most useful and most beautiful gift. In 1835 the book was banned and could be read only by special permission. The book inspired several young reformers (Ferenc Pulszky, Ágoston Trefort, László Szalay, Pál Hunfalvy, Bertalan Szemere, István Gorove, Lőrinc Tóth, József Irinyi) to travel and to write about their experiencies abroad.
Publication
In 1830–1831 the author, as the secretary of count Ferenc Béldi, traveled to Western Europe, the United States of America, and Canada. They prepared for the trip by reading up on the geography, economy and laws of the respective countries, and they studied their languages. In their book they cite about fifty of the journals, books, statistical publications and political writings they read before and during their journey.
After their return, they finished their book at the end of 1833 and beginning of 1834, and sent it to their friends Gábor Döbrentei and Miklós Wesselényi. On the advice of friends, they tried to publish it in Leipzig, but on December 20, 1833, they got the answer that the German censors were told to stop at the border every Hungarian book published abroad, to examine it, and give it back to the owner only if the content was not subject to censorship. As this procedure could take more than half a year, it represented a financial risk to the publisher who did not want to tie up their capital and risk losing it. Therefore, the author asked permission from the Transylvanian censorship office which they considered more lenient. The censorship office asked the opinion of Sámuel Méhes, a Calvinist professor, who after reading the book asked that an additional censor be appointed. The Catholic bishop Miklós Kovács responsible for the censorship named the Catholic abbot János Szabó from the Kolozsmonostor Abbey. These two censors deleted some parts of the text and declared the work eligible to be published.
On April 24, 1834, Bölöni Farkas agreed with the bookseller János Tilsch to publish the book with the following conditions: the fee for the author would be 260 silver forints, half of which payable at the beginning of printing, the other half at the end of it – latest in August; maximum 1,100 copies could be printed, of which 25 were to be given to the author; the book could not be sold for a price higher than two forints; and the name of the author could not be posted outside the bookshop. The printing was executed between 30 June and 25 July 1834, and for the second edition between 2 and 23 March 1835.
In September 1835 the Government of Transylvania received the list of prohibited books in which the work of Bölöni Farkas was classified as "readable only by special permission." The author commented in their diary: "Great honour for my work! After all, it might contain something which had an effect. But it's too late - I assume the poison has had its effect, and it will only be worse with the prohibition."
Archduke Ferdinand Karl Joseph of Austria-Este, governor of Transylvania, started an investigation on 26 April 1836 at the command of the Habsburg emperor to determine how the publishing of the work had been possible under the control of the Transylvanian Censorship. Bishop Miklós Kovács argued that the prohibition arrived only on 25 November 1835 and the censors were informed on 11 December about it. Professor Sámuel Méhes stated that they executed several deletions in the text and the final approval was given by the censorship office. Abbot János Szabó excused themselves saying that they read only the parts proposed for deletion by professor Méhes and on that basis gave their opinion to the office. The investigation had no consequence to the author.
Content
The first two chapters describe briefly the travel to Western Europe and the crossing of the ocean. From the third chapter on, the events of the journey are presented together with the description and history of the notable places visited, and a specific social or economical issue. Several statistical data are presented as well. The author constantly compares the United States with their own country; for example when arriving in New York City they realize two important differences: no passport needed to enter the States and the customs officer accepts the declaration of the traveller and does not check the luggage. The description is completed in some cases by the translation of documents: chapter 8 contains the Declaration of Independence, chapter 13 the Constitution of New Hampshire, and chapter 25 Article Two of the United States Constitution. The content of each chapter is shown in the table below. The 29th (last) chapter describes the trip back to Europe.
Point of view
The work, which appeared before Alexis de Tocqueville's Democracy in America (La Démocratie en Amérique, 1835–39) in most cases idealizes American society as one based on social equality and justice, the realization of the ideas of Classical liberalism, an example worth following. The praise of American society is at once a critique of the Hungarian one. Bölöni Farkas attributes great importance to public education, to the press and non-governmental organizations.
In some cases Bölöni included their own liberal thoughts as if they were translations, probably to evade censorship. An example is the speech on the freedom of religion attributed in chapter 18 to President Monroe. In several cases they showed their republicanist views. They considered strange the utopian socialist experiment of the Harmony Society in Economy, Pennsylvania, but appreciated the altruism which created it.
They attacked slavery vehemently and had bitter words about the treatment of the indigenous people. Similar to Tocqueville, they arrived at the conclusion that freeing the slaves in the future would result in racial conflicts.
Style
The part about Europe is like a diary characterized by the chronological enumeration of the facts, while the American part is dominated by a thematic approach for which the author made use of several sources of statistical data. The style of the book is characterized by the flexibility of the live speech. In an effort to meet readers' expectations they did not use foreign words, replacing them in some cases with Hungarian expressions of their own invention. Next to expressions describing things specific to America, they showed the original English names in parentheses. The descriptions are sometimes colored by romantic elements (e.g., the Falls of the Braan in Scotland, the storm on the ocean, Niagara Falls). Speaking about American society their style is enthusiastic.
Reactions
The book was a huge success: the 1,100 copies of the first edition were soon sold out, and in short time it had another two editions. In the library of the Kolozsvár Unitarian College, which was open to the public as well, it was the most borrowed book. It was read by the students at the Eastern Catholic theological seminary in Balázsfalva as well. The journal Jelenkor published the part about George Washington and their home, and recommended the book to the readers in a special note. On 10 September 1834 István Széchenyi wrote a letter to the author, in which they called the Journey their most useful and most beautiful gift, and expressed their thanks to the author for it. For the politicians of the Hungarian Reform Era it served as a handbook; among others Lajos Kossuth was reading it, and it was widely known by the young reformers of the 1832–36 parliament at Pozsony. A bit later the young Balázs Orbán knew it almost by heart.
On 8 November 1834 the author was elected a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and in 1835 they were given the Academic Prize for the best book of the year.
From the few contemporary critics, Canon Károly Somogyi took exception not to the book itself but the ideas of the religious sects presented in it. In 1842 the advocate István Éllássy attacked the author, asking "how far will the nation be dragged by the venom of reformism if the followers of the vainglorious North American traveler are permitted to impact the essence of the country's laws?"
The travel of Bölöni Farkas ‑ together with the travel of Miklós Wesselényi to England in 1822 ‑ encouraged several young reformers to travel and to write about their experiences abroad Ferenc Pulszky (Uti vázolatok, 1836), Ágoston Trefort (Utazási töredékek, 1836), László Szalay (Uti naplómból, 1839), Pál Hunfalvy (Drezdai levelek, 1839), Bertalan Szemere (Utazás külföldön, 1840), István Gorove (Nyugat, 1844), Lőrinc Tóth (Uti tárcza, 1844), József Irinyi (Német-, francia- és angolországi úti jegyzetek, 1846). They primarily described the social, legal and economical systems and not the geography or art history of the respective countries.
After its initial success, the book was republished only one hundred years later, in 1935, followed by three additional editions, the last one appearing in 1984 in 8,500 copies.
Editions
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Kolozsvár: Ifj. Tilsch János. 1834.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Kolozsvár: Evangélikus Református Kollégium. 1834.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Kolozsvár: Tilsch János. 1835.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Kolozsvár: Orient Könyvnyomda. 1935. Kiss Elek előszavával.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Budapest: Officina. 1943. Szerk. és bevezető Remenyik Zsigmond.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Bukarest: Irodalmi. 1966. Sajtó alá rend., bev, jegyz. Benkő Samu.
Utazás Észak-Amerikában. Kolozsvár: Dacia. 1970. Tanulók Könyvtára sorozat. Bev., jegyz. Mikó Imre.
Journey in North America. Memoirs of the American Philosophical Society 120. Philadelphia, 1977. Trans., ed. by Theodore Schönemann and Helen Schönemann.
Journey in North America, 1831. Santa Barbara: ABC-CLIO. 1978. Trans., ed. by Arpad Kadarkay.
Von Transsylvanien bis Pennsylvanien. Reiseerlebnisse vor 150 Jahren. Gyoma: Corvina. 1980. Übers. v. Henriette Engl, Géza Engl.
Napnyugati utazás, napló. (1835-1836). Budapest: Helikon. 1984. Vál., szerk., bev. tanulmány Maller Sándor, sajtó alá rend. Benkő Samu.
References
Sources
via JSTOR (registration necessary)
Hungarian books
19th century in Hungary
Rita C. Davidson (September 1, 1928 – November 11, 1984) was a lawyer and public servant who was the first woman to serve on the Maryland Court of Appeals.Davidson was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the daughter of Jewish immigrants from Russia. They graduated from Goucher College in 1948 and Yale Law School in 1951.
They worked in private practice in Washington, D.C. and was active in politics in Montgomery County, Maryland. In 1970, Governor Marvin Mandel appointed them as the secretary of Employment and Social Services, the first woman named to a Maryland governor's cabinet.
In 1972, Davidson was appointed to the Maryland Court of Special Appeals. In 1978, acting governor Blair Lee III appointed them to the Maryland Court of Appeals. Davidson was the first woman appointed to the state's highest court.
Davidson died of cancer on November 11, 1984, at their home in Chevy Chase, Maryland.
See also
List of female state supreme court justices
References
1928 births
1984 deaths
Goucher College alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Judges of the Maryland Court of Appeals
20th-century American judges
American women judges
20th-century American women lawyers
Deaths from cancer in Maryland
People from Brooklyn
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century women judges
When Louis Met... is a series of documentary films by Louis Theroux. The series was originally broadcast on BBC Two from 2000 to 2002. In the series, Theroux accompanied a different British celebrity in each programme as they went about their day-to-day business, interviewing them about their lives and experiences as they did so. Their episode about Jimmy Savile (When Louis Met Jimmy) was voted one of the top 50 documentaries of all time in a survey by Channel Four. In another episode (When Louis Met the Hamiltons), the Conservative MP Neil Hamilton and their wife Christine, were arrested during the course of filming following allegations of indecent assault; these were subsequently found to be false. The show did not return for a third series, and Theroux said that they had difficulty in finding people to appear.
Episodes
Series overview
Series 1 (2000–01)
Series 2 (2002)
Awards
Winner - 2002 BAFTA TV Award - Richard Dimbleby Award for the Best Presenter (Factual, Features and News) - For the "When Louis Met..." series of films.
Nominated - 2002 Flaherty Documentary Award - For "When Louis Met...The Hamiltons"
"When Louis Met... Jimmy" was voted number 50 in Channel 4's 2005 poll of the 50 greatest documentaries.
Home releases
When Louis Met... has been released on PAL DVD in a number of best-of sets. Originally, Vol.1/Vol.2 and Vol.3/Vol.4 were released as two disc sets, before being split. Later the 4 volumes were released as a limited edition box set.
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Porn
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Survivalists
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Gangsta Rap
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: UFOs
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...Jimmy
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis & Sir Jimmy Savile OBE
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume II
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Swingers
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: South Africa
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Wrestling
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Hypnosis
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...The Hamiltons
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and the Hamiltons
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume I
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Porn
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Survivalists
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and Jimmy Taped in Jimmy's Penthouse
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume II
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Wrestling
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Hypnosis
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...The Hamiltons
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and the Hamiltons
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume III
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Swingers
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: South Africa
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and the Hamiltons
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume IV
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Gangsta Rap
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: UFOs
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...Jimmy
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and Jimmy Taped in Jimmy's Penthouse
The Best of Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends Volume I, II, III & IV
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Porn
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Survivalists
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and Jimmy Taped in Jimmy's Penthouse
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Wrestling
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Hypnosis
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...The Hamiltons
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and the Hamiltons
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Swingers
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: South Africa
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and the Hamiltons
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Gangsta Rap
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: UFOs
DVD Bonus: When Louis Met...Jimmy
DVD Bonus: In-Vision Commentary by Louis and Jimmy Taped in Jimmy's Penthouse
Louis Theroux: The Collection
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Porn
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Head for the Hills aka Survivalists
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Swingers
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Black Nationalism
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Wrestling
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: South Africa
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Thai Brides
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends: Gangsta Rap
When Louis Met...Jimmy
When Louis Met...Paul and Debbie
When Louis Met...The Hamiltons
When Louis Met...Ann Widdecombe
When Louis Met...Chris Eubank
Louis and the Brothel
Louis and the Nazis
TV Nation: New Klan
TV Nation: Millennium
TV Nation: Jerusalem Syndrome
TV Nation: Cops for Christ
See also
List of Louis Theroux documentaries
Louis Theroux's BBC Two specials
Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends
References
External links
Louis Theroux's BBC Two specials
BBC television documentaries
Biographical documentary films
English-language films
2000 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
Jimmy Savile
Ahi'ezer () is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located near Lod, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
During the Ottoman period, the area of Ahi'ezer belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
The village was founded on 27 June 1950 by immigrants from Al Bayda' in Yemen. It was named for the biblical figure Ahiezer, who was the chief of the tribe of Dan which previously lived in the area (Numbers 1:12; 10:25).
The moshav was established on the agricultural lands of the Palestinian village of Al-Safiriyya.
References
Moshavim
Religious Israeli communities
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
Yemeni-Jewish culture in Israel
Poppy is a children's novel written by Avi and illustrated by Brian Floca. The novel was first published by Orchard Books in 1995. Poppy is the first-published of Avi's Tales From Dimwood Forest series. Within the narrative sequence of the series, it is the third book. The complete series is composed of Ragweed, Ragweed and Poppy, Poppy, Poppy and Rye, Ereth's Birthday, Poppy's Return, and Poppy and Ereth. In 1996, Poppy received the Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for fiction.
Background
Avi conceived the idea for Poppy while living in Corvallis, Oregon, when their wife was a visiting professor at Oregon State University. At a university bookstore, they found a book written by a naturalist, who described their experience rescuing a baby owlet and nurturing it back to health and into the wild. Avi found the book "fascinating" and decided to write their own novel about an owl named Mr. Ocax. While developing the story, however, Avi's interest shifted towards the mouse that Mr. Ocax planned to eat, and the mouse eventually became the primary focus of the book. Both the book and the mouse were originally named Pip, but after discovering that another children's book existed about a mouse named Pip, they decided to rename the book and the character to Poppy.
Plot
In the Dimwood region, a large family of mice inhabit an abandoned farmhouse called Gray House. Poppy, a young deer mouse, dances with their boyfriend Ragweed, a golden mouse, on Bannock Hill. However, Mr. Ocax, a great horned owl who acts as a tyrannical ruler over the family, attacks them and kills Ragweed. When Poppy returns to Gray House, they learn that the family must relocate to New House, where the food is more abundant. However, Ocax refuses to give the family permission to move to the area, citing Poppy and Ragweed's refusal to ask their permission to go to Bannock Hill. Their refusal makes Poppy curious, so they decide to travel to New House themselves to investigate.
In Dimwood Forest, Poppy stumbles upon Ereth, a porcupine. Ereth agrees to protect Poppy from Ocax in exchange for the salt lick at New House that they can't obtain on their own. Ereth drops Poppy off at the boundaries of New House, where Poppy discovers that Ocax is afraid of a large artificial owl there. Armed with one of Ereth's quills, Poppy confronts Ocax about the figure but inadvertently reveals that it is fake. Ocax then attacks Poppy but is defeated when Poppy stabs them with the quill. Ocax slams into the salt lick pole, killing them and causing the salt lick to fall to the ground. Ereth retrieves the salt lick, and Poppy goes home to tell their family they are now free from Ocax and able to move. A few moons later they meet and marries Rye, Ragweed's brother. Each night they freely dance on Bannock Hill.
Reception
In 1996, Poppy received the Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for fiction. In a 2017 blog post reflecting on Poppy, Avi wrote that Orchard Books, the original publisher of the book, had been "foundering", and as a result, bookstores were finding it difficult to obtain a copy of Poppy. Referring to the Horn Book Award, Avi wrote that it came in "the proverbial nick of time" and that they have "absolutely no doubt that the award saved Poppy", allowing them to write all the other books in the series. The novel was also listed on the American Library Association's (ALA) Notable Books for Children list in 1996.
Carolyn Phelan, writing in the ALA's Booklist, called Poppy "a good old-fashioned story with an exciting plot, well-drawn characters, and a satisfying ending", noting themes of power among the novel's three main characters: Poppy, who finds courage; Ocax, who oppresses the mice family; and Ragweed, who criticizes Poppy for being cautious. Kirkus Reviews described Poppy as a "cute, but rather standard offering from Avi". The School Library Journal referred to it as a "fast-paced, allegorical animal story", commenting that "the underlying messages, to challenge unjust authority and to rely on logic and belief in oneself, are palatably blended with action and suspense."
References
External links
Poppy on the Avi Official Website
1995 American novels
American children's novels
Children's fantasy novels
Children's novels about animals
Novels by Avi
Fictional mice and rats
1995 children's books
Orchard Books books
Louis Pécour (also spelled Pecoor, Pecour, Pécourt; 10 August 1653 – 12 April 1729) was a French dancer and choreographer.  They are most well known for their work with the Académie Royale de Musique (the name of the Paris Opera at the time).
Biography
Born Guillaume-Louis Pecour in Paris, they were the son of Jacques Pecour, a royal courier, and Marie Voisin (or Raisin), who lived in the rue des Petits-Champs.
They studied dance with Pierre Beauchamps, and likely made their debut in January 1671, as one of eight Zephyrs in the third intermezzo of Psyché at the theatre of the royal court in the Tuileries Palace.
They first danced at the Paris Opera in 1674 in Jean-Baptiste Lully's Cadmus et Hermione. Pécour performed as a principal dancer, both at the Opera's Théâtre du Palais-Royal in Paris and for the royal court at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye and Château de Chantilly, and created many dance parts in works by Lully, including the ballet Le triomphe de l'amour (1681), the opera Persée (1682, as premier danseur opposite Mlle Lafontaine), the opera Amadis (1684), the ballet Le temple de la paix (1685), and the opera Armide (1686).
According to the Parfaict brothers in their history of the Paris Opera, "he was handsome, well-built, and danced with the noblest air possible." A letter about the Ballet des Saisons (26 October 1695) claims that "the first and second boxes were redoubled, one could have perished in the pit, and people were on each other's laps in the Paradis, all because of Pécour, who danced a Spanish sarabande.... [H]e dances like a master."
After the death of the Opera's director Lully in 1687, the company's ballet master Pierre Beauchamps retired, and Pécour succeeded him, creating choreography for ballets at the Opera, as well as for the royal court. They mostly retired as a dancer around 1704 and received a pension in 1705, but their name appears on programs as a dancer in 1709 and 1710, and they continued to choreograph ballets at the Opera until their death in 1729. They mostly created ballets in operas, including ones by Pascal Collasse, Henri Desmarets, and Toussaint Bertin de la Doué and choreographed André Campra's first opéra-ballet L'Europe galante in 1697, as well as their Le carnaval de Venise (1699), Hésione (1700), Tancrède (1702), and Les fêtes vénitiennes (1710).
Over 100 of Pécour's ballets have been preserved in Feuillet notation, and they were danced at other royal courts, helping to spread the French style of dancing all over Europe. They were probably the first dance choreographer to have such wide influence.
Pécour was listed as a member of the Académie Royale de Danse in 1695, when Beauchamps was its director, and in 1719, when Claude Ballon was director.
Pécour died in Paris and was buried in the church of Saint Roche.
References
Notes
Sources
Astier, Régine (1998). "Pecour, Guillaume-Louis" in Cohen 1998, vol. 5. pp. 128–129.
Christout, Marie-Françoise (1998). "Paris Opera Ballet" in Cohen 1998, vol. 5, pp. 86–100.
Cohen, Selma Jeanne, editor (1998). International Encyclopedia of Dance (6 volumes). Oxford: Oxford University Press. (hardcover). (2004 paperback edition).
Craine, Debra; Mackrell, Judith (2000). The Oxford Dictionary of Dance. Oxford: Oxford University Press. .
Guest, Ivor (2006). The Paris Opéra Ballet. Alton, Hampshire: Dance Books. .
La Gorce, Jérôme de (1990). "Guillaume-Louis Pecour: A Biographical Essay", translated by Margaret M. McGowan. Dance Research: The Journal of the Society for Dance Research, vol. 8, no. 2 (Autumn), pp. 3–26. .
Pitou, Spire (1983). The Paris Opéra: An Encyclopedia of Operas, Ballets, Composers, and Performers. Genesis and Glory, 1671–1715. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. .
Psyché libretto (1671). Psiché, tragicomédie et ballet dansé devant Sa Majesté au mois de Janvier 1671. Paris: Robert Ballard. Copy at Gallica.
17th-century ballet dancers
18th-century French ballet dancers
Ballet choreographers
Ballet masters
French male ballet dancers
French choreographers
Paris Opera Ballet étoiles
Paris Opera Ballet artistic directors
1653 births
1729 deaths
Packera bernardina is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Bernardino ragwort.
Distribution
The perennial herb is endemic to the San Bernardino Mountains of southern California, where it is known from about twenty occurrences.
It grows in mountain pine forests and the unique pebble plain habitat type of the local region.
Description
Packera bernardina is a perennial herb growing 30 to 50 centimeters in maximum height from a branching caudex and a rosette of basal leaves; several rosettes, each with a stem, may be clustered together. The spatula-shaped leaves have small squared oval blades with toothed edges which are borne on the ends of long petioles. Smaller, simpler leaves occur farther up the stem. The leaves are coated in a very short layer of woolly hairs.
The inflorescence contains several flower heads, each lined with hairy green phyllaries. The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and generally either 8 or 13 yellow ray florets each up to a centimeter long. The fruit is an achene with a body about a millimeter long tipped with a pappus of 3 or 4 millimeters. The bloom period is May to July.
References
External links
Calflora Database: Packera bernardina (San Bernardino ragwort)
Jepson Manual Treatment — Packera bernardina
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
U.C. CalPhotos gallery of Packera bernardina
bernardina
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
~
Natural history of San Bernardino County, California
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Orthodox Communion may refer to:
Eastern Orthodox Church
Oriental Orthodox Churches
Communion of Western Orthodox Churches
See also
Orthodox (disambiguation)
Orthodox Church (disambiguation)
Communion (disambiguation)
Eastern Orthodox Church organization
is a Japanese badminton player. They were the mixed doubles gold medalist at the 2013 Asian Youth Games partnered with Akane Yamaguchi. Koga was part of the national junior team that won the bronze medals at the 2014 Asian and World Junior Championships. Koga who educated at the Waseda University was the men's singles champion at the 68 National University Championships. They were the runner-up at the 2018 Canada Open.
Achievements
Asian Youth Games
Mixed doubles
BWF World Tour (1 runner-up)
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Men's singles
BWF International Challenge/Series (2 titles, 2 runners-up)
Men's singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
Sportspeople from Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese male badminton players
Li Chang (12 December 1914 – 3 September 2010) was an official of the People's Republic of China. They served as the Secretary of Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the CPC from 1982 to 1985, then as member of the Central Advisory Commission of the CPC Central Committee. Li joined the Chinese Communist Party in the 1930s, and later rose in prominence as a reformist. They were one of the key comrades of Deng Xiaoping.
References
1914 births
2010 deaths
Presidents of Beijing International Studies University
Tsinghua University alumni
Beijing International Studies University people
Politicians from Xiangxi
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Hunan
People's Republic of China politicians from Hunan
The Simcoe Street tunnel is located between Front Street and Bremner Blvd. in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. This tunnel is situated in a densely urban site below the SkyWalk and in close proximity to Toronto Union Station and the InterContinental Toronto Centre hotel. The tunnel roof structure is designed to carry all 16 pre-existing railway tracks. The ground structure provides one vehicle lane north bound and two lanes south bound, one bicycle lane and one extra wide pedestrian sidewalk on each side of the tunnel.
The Simcoe Street tunnel was officially opened on September 22, 2009 by Councillor Adam Vaughan.
Construction
Construction of the tunnel began in late 2006 and was carried out in stages. Thin soil cover prohibited the use of bored tunnel and hacked tunnel methods. For each stage the substructure was first constructed within the excavated trenches to the underside of the temporary trestles.
A key component in building the tunnel was the readily available supply of precast deck segments nearby. The project required 1.6 kilometres of girders so Soncin, who was contracted by Fairmont Developments to construct the extension of Simcoe Street, built a precast facility on site. A total of 153 girders were produced in three months. Fifty-one girders were post tensioned and 102 girders were normally reinforced.
Design and construction of the tunnel posed significant challenges as the Union Station corridor has the highest train volume for a single terminus location in North America. It was necessary to maintain the normal operation schedule of the railway corridor during construction. In order to not cause any disruption to the operation of 16 tracks, construction was scheduled during train work blocks. Morrison Hershfield the project managers, designers, contract administrators and site engineers, worked with the railway companies including Via Rail, Canadian National Railway, Amtrak and GO Transit to ensure the services of 177 daily scheduled trains that passed over the tunnel were maintained. Some trains were temporarily rerouted to adjacent tracks.
Environmental and social impacts
To help protect the environment during construction of the tunnel a Quality Management Plan was set in place. This plan ensured all waste materials were disposed of according to government regulations. Disposal techniques were also monitored for compliance.
By not affecting the existing rail service of the 177 trains per day using the corridor, a risk of loss of ridership was removed that could have occurred in relation to potential delays. Long and short distance travellers were continuously able to get to their destinations as planned, which helped to avoid an increase in the use of personal vehicles.
A lasting environmental impact after construction is the improved access to the Lake Ontario waterfront within the City of Toronto. The original rail corridor was a major physical barrier between the downtown and the lakefront where continuous residential, recreational and business developments are occurring. The tunnel reduces the length of vehicular travel time and associated carbon emissions, and the new ease of access promotes carbon-free travel, i.e., bicycling and walking.
Former Mayor of Toronto, David Miller was quoted saying “The Simcoe Street underpass will improve downtown traffic flow and help provide important services to future development on the lands south of Union Station. But most importantly, the project will improve access to our waterfront for all Torontonians."
However, according to the city report published in 2014, the underpass was flooded 5 times between 2010 and 2013.
See also
Toronto Waterfront
References
Geography of Toronto
Buildings and structures in Toronto
Transport in Toronto
Road tunnels in Ontario
Alicia Yáñez Cossío (Quito, September 10, 1928 ) is a prominent Ecuadorian poet, novelist and journalist.
Yáñez Cossio is one of the leading figures in Ecuadorian literature and in Latin America, and they are the first Ecuadorian to win the Premio Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, which they received in 1996.
In 2008 they received Ecuador's highest literary prize, the "Premio Eugenio Espejo" for their lifetime of work.
Biography
Daughter of Ing.el Alfonso Yánez Proaño and Clemencia Cossío Larrea. When they were six years old they entered the Sagrados Corazones School of Quito, where they stayed for a while due to academic failings stemming from a dislike of arithmetic. However, since they were young, Cossío they always desired to be a writer because of their great talent with words.3
Yáñez Cossío would later say: “I had an extremely happy childhood, maybe a bit boyish, influenced by the first books I read: the works of Julio Verne and Tarzan's feats. I never liked dolls.”4
Them characters frequently represent the community that fights to rescue woman's elementary rights. Male chauvinism is a recurring theme in their writing. Irony, sarcasm and hyperbole make evident twisted masculine superiority, where they critique social concepts, such as virginity, homosexuality, etc.
They have other unprecedented novels with similar characteristics. One of them is "El Cristo Feo" ("The Ugly Christ").
In 1993, they became a widow.  They are a woman whose fame has expanded beyond the borders of their homeland.
In 1996, they received the Premio Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz for the best Latin American novel written by a woman.5
In 1998, they edited "Retratos cubanos" ("Cuban Portraits") with 18 stories written between 1957 and 1961 from Cuba. They mainly discussed man's battle to attain freedom. When the original authors left the island, the stories were confiscated, later to be re-written in 1996, mixing history with crude realism.
 They are the mother of writer Luis Miguel Campos Yáñez.
Works
Novels
Bruna, soroche y los tíos (1973) (English trans. "Bruna and Them Sisters in the Sleeping City" by Kenneth J. A. Wishina, 1999)
Yo vendo unos ojos negros (1979)
Más allá de las islas (1980) (English trans. "Beyond the Islands" by Amalia Gladhart, 2011)
La Cofradía del Mullo de la virgen Pipona (1985) (English trans. "The Potbellied Virgin" by Amalia Gladhart, 2006)
La casa del sano placer (1989)
El cristo feo (1995)
Aprendiendo a morir (1997)
Y amarle pude... (2000)
Sé que vienen a matarme (2001)
Concierto de sombras (2004)
Esclavos de Chatham (2006)
Memorias de la Pivihuarmi Cuxirimay Ocllo (2008)
Poetry
Luciolas (1949)
De la sangre y el tiempo (1964)
Plebeya mínima (1974)
Short stories
El beso y otras fricciones (1975)
Relatos cubanos (1998)
Theater
Hacia el Quito de ayer (1951)
Children's literature
El viaje de la abuela (1997)
Pocapena (1997)
Los triquitraques (2002)
¡No más! (2004)
La canoa de la abuela (2006)
Awards
National Novel Contest – Fiftieth Anniversary of the journal "El Universo" of Guayaquil (1971)
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz Prize (1996)
Eugenio Espejo Prize in Literature (2008)
The Alicia Yáñez Cossío Children's Literature Competition
In 2002, they were honored by the Government of the Province of Pichincha and its Provincial Patronage by the institution of a children's literature contest that bears them name. This contest aims to stimulate all the districts of Pichincha's provinces to contribute to the creation of spaces for expression, research and strengthening of cultural identity.
References
Cossío, Alicia Yánez; C, Sara Beatriz Vanégas Cobeña Vanégas (1 de enero de 1991). Bruna, soroche y los tíos. Libresa. . Consultado el 12 de octubre de 2016.
Cossío, Alicia Yánez (1 de enero de 1996). El viaje de la abuela. Libresa. . Consultado el 12 de octubre de 2016.
Volver arriba↑ Rodolfo Pérez Pimentel. «Alicia Yánez Cossío (sic): "Alicia Yánez Cossío"». Consultado el 2010.
1928 births
20th-century Ecuadorian poets
Ecuadorian novelists
Ecuadorian journalists
People from Quito
Living people
Ecuadorian women novelists
Ecuadorian women short story writers
Ecuadorian short story writers
20th-century novelists
20th-century Ecuadorian women writers
Ecuadorian women poets
Ecuadorian women journalists
20th-century short story writers
21st-century Ecuadorian women
The Association of Home Guard Officers Royal Medal (, HBRGM/ HBRSM) is a Swedish medal established in 1996 by the Association of Home Guard Officers (Hemvärnsbefälets Riksförbund, HBR). It is awarded for meritorious activities for the association and very glorious deeds for the association.
History
The Association of Home Guard Officers Royal Medal in gold was established in 1996. In 2018, a new version in silver was established. The statutes for this were adopted on 30 September 2018.
Appearance
Medal
The medals in gold and silver are oval (elliptical) in shape and are crowned with a royal crown and on the obverse provided with Their Majesty the King's image and the text CARL XVl GUSTAF THE KING OF SWEDEN. On the reverse, there is a sign with three crowns and the letter H inside the wreath and the letters HBR (HBR's logo). Around this is the text HEMVÄRNSBEFÄLETS RIKSFÖRBUND ("Association of Home Guard Officers"). The medals are HBR's foremost medal in gold and the second foremost medal in silver.
The gold medal is minted in gold (gilded silver) is of a size corresponding to the 8th size. The silver medal is minted in silver is of a size corresponding to the 8th size.
Ribbon
The ribbon is of yellow moiré pattern with five evenly divided 2mm green stripes.
Criteria
One can be awarded royal medal of merit in gold after a very meritorious active activity for the association and a particularly glorious deed for the association.
One can be awarded royal medal of merit in after very meritorious activity for the association and very glorious deed for the association.
To be awarded the gold medal of merit, the Association of Home Guard Officers Merit Badge should have been received approximately 3 years earlier.
Presenting
The federal board of the Association of Home Guard Officers (HBR) decides on awarding, as does the number of merit medals that are awarded annually. As the medals are HBR's two highest awards, a restrictive awarding policy is being applied. Over a period of ten years, an average of 5 gold medals/year and 8 silver medals/year is the guideline value for awarding. The right to make proposals belongs to members of the federal board and association boards. The application for an approved form is submitted to HBR's federal board and submitted to the association's medal administrator. If several people from the same association are proposed at the same time, the order of priority must be stated. The application must be accompanied by a copy of the association board's minutes or a certified extract from the minutes of the decision.
HBR's federal board has by Their Majesty the King been authorized to decide on the awarding. The decision cannot be appealed. The medals are presented in solemn forms. The federal noard registers awarded medals.
Wearing
The medals are worn on ribbons of yellow color with five vertical 2 mm greens stripes. The stripes are evenly distributed on the ribbon. The medal comes with a diploma. The medals of merit are also available in miniature. For those who have received the medal of merit in gold, a pin of the Association of Home Guard Officers Merit Badge will be added to mount on the ribbon bar.
See also
Association of Home Guard Officers Merit Badge
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Web
Orders, decorations, and medals of Sweden
Awards established in 1996
1996 establishments in Sweden
Acta Chemica Scandinavica was a peer-reviewed Nordic scientific journal in the fields of chemistry. The journal was established in 1947 and was jointly managed during 53 years from beginning of 1947 until end of 1999 by the chemical societies in Denmark (The Danish Chemical Society), Finland (Finnish Chemical Societies), Norway (The Norwegian Chemical Society) and Sweden (The Swedish Chemical Society). The journal was jointly owned by the four chemical societies through the Publishing Association Acta Chemica Scandinavica. The Swedish Chemical Society managed the administration of the Publishing Association at their Secretariat in Stockholm.
When making citations or references to articles in Acta Chemica Scandinavica the abbreviation Acta Chem. Scand. is used.
Background
During the turbulent years after World War II, it was difficult for Nordic scientists to publish results from fundamental chemical research in magazines with international recognition. The two Danish societies Danish Chemical Society and the Danish Society for Analytical Chemistry, where the latter society at that time was an independent society, were planning to establish a journal Acta Chemica Danica. This was never realised, but when the Swedish Chemical Society during 1946 sent out an enquiry to the other Nordic countries for a co-operation in publishing a new scientific journal, the Danes were well prepared and immediately positive. Thus, the first issue of Acta Chemica Scandinavica was published in January 1947. Gradually, the magazine became an internationally recognized scientific journal in the fields of physical, inorganic and organic chemistry and also in biochemistry.
Publication coverage
The journal was published as one volume per year starting with Volume 1 in 1947. Thus, the last volume for 1999 became Volume 53. During the first 27 years 1947-1973 each volume consisted of 10 issues.
Following from the growing appreciation of the journal and the growing number of articles received, it was decided to split the journal into two series. Thus, from 1974 until 1988, two separate series were issued for the journal:
Acta Chemica Scandinavica Ser. A (physical and inorganic chemistry)
Acta Chemica Scandinavica Ser. B (organic chemistry and biochemistry)
Also for the last 11 volumes 1989-1999 the journal was issued as two separate series, but then in common issues. Due to these combined editions from 1989, these issues were given a new format.
In total, the 53 volumes include 16,632 scientific articles (including “short communications”) and the total number of pages is 102,640. Today, all articles from Acta Chemica Scandinavica are available for free for scientists and interested persons globally.
Acta Chemica Scandinavica only accepted articles from Nordic (including Icelandic) chemists or scientists including foreign visiting scientists that were working in the Nordic countries. The manuscripts written in English, French or German were submitted to national editorial committees with representatives appointed by the chemical society in respective country. The editors accepted or rejected the manuscripts and submitted them to the main editor, Karl Myrbäck in Stockholm, who finally decided whether a manuscript would be accepted or not. From 1974 also peer reviewing was introduced. The Editorial Secretary and a small secretariat were carrying out the technical editing, proofreading, linguistic corrections, offprints, invoicing and bookkeeping. The printing was made by Frenckell's printing house in Helsinki and all distribution by Munksgaard's publishing house in Copenhagen.
Already from the beginning, the economy was tight and based on paid subscription fees and contributions from the four chemical societies.
Publishing Association and Publishing Corporation
In the beginning the work for the journal was carried out with no remuneration to editors since this work was considered as part of regular scientific activities for those involved. When the size of the journal grew, this situation became untenable. A certain economic assistance was received from the Swedish Scientific Research Council (Naturvetenskapliga forskningsrådet, NFR) in Sweden and when the Swedish Chemical Society in 1961 moved to Wenner-Gren Center in Stockholm, the Journal got its own offices connected with the Society. At this time, the Swedish Chemical Society proposed that the four chemical societies should establish the Publishing Association Acta Chemica Scandinavica that would become responsible for the technical editorial office and become employer for the staff. In this way the four chemical societies became common owners of the Publishing Association and each society appointed one board member each.
A degree of voluntary contributions remained in the way that neither editors, nor board or editorial committees, received remuneration for work carried out.
During 1973, the Swedish Chemical Society and the Publishing Association moved to Wallingatan 24 in Stockholm, where the Chemical Society still resides.
During the 1960s and 1970s the journal grew in volume as well as in number of subscribers and the Board of the Publishing Association realised that the four participating chemical societies could not assume the increasing economic risk that the journal came to represent to them. In this situation one decided to establish a shareholding corporation or a limited company Acta Chemica Scandinavica Aktiebolag with the Publishing Association as the only shareholder. The first business year for this company was 1975.
However, during the middle of the 1980s the business was yielding growing losses and it was decided to establish a co-operation with Munksgaard's Publishing House in Denmark and let them handle administration, printing and distribution. The Publishing Association remained as owner of the journal and the publishing rights. The Publishing Association was responsible for the scientific content, nomenclature and linguistic quality, while Munksgaard was responsible for production and distribution. This change started from 1986 and turned out to be economically successful.
Editorial Committee
From the start, Karl Myrbäck was Main Editor for the journal. They retired in 1980, but after their retirement no new Main Editor was appointed.
The following four tables show for Acta Chemica Scandinavica (1) the active national editors until end of 1973, (2) the editors for the two series during the period 1974-1999, (3) the editorial secretaries for the period 1947-1985, and (4) the Publishing Association's board members.
Development during the 1990s
During the 1990s the publication of new scientific magazines increased and it became more and more difficult for scientific libraries at different universities to finance the escalating subscription fees. In addition, during the same period a strong restructuring of the publishing of scientific journals took place and some commercial publishers incorporated a large number of journals in their portfolios. In this way, these publishers could rationalise and standardise publishing, marketing, printing, etc. and in this way become more competitive.
In this situation, national chemical societies got increasing difficulties to maintain single scientific journals. Also in the United Kingdom this development had an impact and already in 1980 it was decided to merge the old associations the Chemical Society, the Royal Institute of Chemistry, the Faraday Society, and the Society for Analytical Chemistry into the new Royal Society of Chemistry, RSC. During the following years all their publishing activities of RSC were combined and managed from Thomas Graham House in Cambridge. In this way, RSC managed to establish a strong and modern publishing activity in the chemical fields.
For Acta Chemica Scandinavica the number of articles received, as well as the number of subscribers, decreased towards the end of the 1990s. It became clear for the Publishing Association that the activities could only continue for a limited time into the future.
Closure
Thus, during 1998, it was agreed to merge Acta Chemica Scandinavica with RSC's journals for organic and for inorganic chemistry, which at that time were Dalton Transactions, Perkin Transactions 1 and Perkin Transactions 2. In 2003 the two Perkin journals were merged and the new journal was named Organic and Biomolecular Chemistry.
The agreement with RSC implied that the publishing of Acta Chemica Scandinavica was stopped from the year 2000.
The agreement between RSC and the Nordic chemical societies also connoted that for each article published in Dalton Transactions and in Organic and Biomolecular Chemistry with a Nordic main author, a certain amount was transferred to the Publishing Association. These amounts have then been split between the four part-owning societies.
References
Sven E. Harnung, Dansk Kemi 82 (2001) No. 1, pages 44–46.
Förlagsföreningen Acta Chemica Scandinavica
External links
Archive of articles published in Acta Chemica Scandinavica, 1947–1999
The Publishing Association Acta Chemica Scandinavica
Danish Chemical Society
Finnish Chemical Societies
Norwegian Chemical Society
Swedish Chemical Society (in Swedish)
See also
List of scientific journals in chemistry
Chemistry journals
Publications established in 1947
Publications disestablished in 1999
Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu () is a 1959 Indian Telugu-language comedy drama film directed by L. V. Prasad. The film was produced by B. Nagi Reddy and Aluri Chakrapani of Vijaya Vauhini Studios; the latter co-wrote its script with Prasad and Vempati Sadasivabrahmam. It is the Telugu version of Prasad's Tamil film Kadan Vaangi Kalyaanam (1958). Starring N. T. Rama Rao and Savitri, Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu features Jaggayya, C. S. R. Anjaneyulu, S. V. Ranga Rao, and Jamuna in supporting roles. The conflict between two older men with different mindsetsRamadasu (an eternal, devious debtor) and Mukundarao (a generous, rich gentleman with fake prestige)is the film's centrepiece.
Production began after the success of Mayabazar (1957), with M. S. Chalapathi Rao and Jagannadham the film's executive producers. Marcus Bartley was the director of photography. S. Rajeswara Rao composed the soundtrack and background score. G. Kalyanasundaram and K. Radhakrishna edited the film, and Madhavapeddi Gokhale and Kaladhar were its art directors. The film is shown almost entirely in black and white, with the exception of a dance sequence filmed in Gevacolor.
Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu was released on 14 January 1959, during the Makar Sankranti festival season. With average returns during its first four weeks, the film eventually became an above-average grosser and its re-release was profitable. It has cult status in Telugu cinema, and is an acclaimed Prasad film. Goldstone Technologies announced that they would attempt to digitise the film in 2007, but abandoned the attempt three years later.
Plot
Ramadasu, a devious zamindar who recently acquired the colonial title of Rao Bahadur, is a perennial debtor who believes in leading a luxurious life on credit. Their shrewd, schizophrenic manager Bhaja Govindam placates angry creditors with false promises. Dewan Bahadur Mukunda Rao, a wealthy, generous zamindar, is searching for a royal bridegroom for their granddaughter Manjari. Ramadasu plans to marry their son Raghu, a doctor practising in London, to Manjari to pay their debts. Unbeknownst to their father, though, Raghu has married a woman named Leela.
Ramadasu first bribes Rao's manager, Ramalingam. Rao, unaware of the deception, agrees to the alliance. Manjari, who knows the truth, wants to stop the marriage. Leela's brother Raja, is released from prison after serving a sentence for their participation in the Indian independence movement. Raja and Manjari were lovers during their college days, and they tell them about Ramadasu's intentions. After Raghu arrives from London, Ramadasu misleads them into thinking that Leela has died.
When Raja asks Ramadasu to spare Leela, they send their mobsters to attack him. Raja overpowers them, cornering Ramadasu later, and Leela stays in their home disguised as a mute maid. Govindam, fed up with Ramadasu, wants to expose their dishonesty to their creditors. Govindam's relationship with Ramalingam's daughter, Usha, is strained. Ramalingam's attempts to marry them off are thwarted by Govindam. To reunite Leela and Raghu, Raja disguises themselves as Prince Bonkulamarri Raja and enters Rao's house aided by Govindam's schizophrenia. Rao is impressed with Raja and considers them a suitable bridegroom for Manjari, who is aware of and supports Raja's plans.
Raghu recognises Leela and is affectionate to her, which bothers Ramadasu. Despite their opposition to their father's intentions, Raghu continues to flirt with Manjari and play the prospective bridegroom. Raja and Govindam use several disguises in an attempt to expose Ramadasu's greed. Raghu introduces a foreign woman to Ramadasu as their demanding wife, who forces their father to incur more debt until they are cornered by their creditors. Ramalingam's deception is exposed, and Ramadasu apologises for their misdeeds. Raghu and Leela reconcile; Raja marries Manjari, and Govindam marries Usha.
Cast
N. T. Rama Rao as Raja Rao
Savitri as Manjari
Jamuna as Leela
Jaggayya as Raghu
S. V. Ranga Rao as Mukunda Rao
C.S.R as Ramadasu
Relangi as Bhaja Govindam
Ramana Reddy as Ramalingam
Girija as Usha
Suryakantham as Rajaratnam
Mukkamala as Raghu's grandfather
R. Nageshwara Rao as Ramdin
Allu Ramalingaiah as Chidambara Shetty
Kasturi Siva Rao as Takku
Chadalavada as Chenchaiah
Balakrishna as Avataram
Padmanabham as Panakala Rao
Potti Prasad as a prospective groom
Production
Pre-production
After the success of Mayabazar (1957), directed by K. V. Reddy, B. Nagi Reddy and Aluri Chakrapani of Vijaya Vauhini Studios planned to make a contemporary film. Chakrapani came up with an idea about conflict between two older men who are polar opposites: one a debtor evading their creditors, and the other a wealthy gentleman with an inflated sense of prestige. L. V. Prasad was chosen to direct the film; he, Chakrapani and Vempati Sadasivabrahmam developed a script entitled Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu, after a popular Telugu idiom. It was the only film from Vijaya Vauhini Studios with dialogue written by Sadasivabrahmam.
Film historian Randor Guy opines that Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu was a Telugu remake of Prasad's Tamil film Kadan Vaangi Kalyaanam (1958). Others such as Ashish Rajadhyaksha and Paul Willemen (authors of Encyclopedia of Indian Cinema), film scholar Swarnavel Eswaran Pillai, and M. L. Narasimhan of The Hindu believe that they were filmed simultaneously with different casts for different versions. Thanjai N. Ramaiah Dass wrote the dialogue for Kadan Vaangi Kalyaanam, and M. S. Chalapathi Rao and Jagannadham were the film's executive producers.
Casting and filming
N. T. Rama Rao and Savitri were chosen for the lead roles, with Jaggayya, C. S. R. Anjaneyulu, S. V. Ranga Rao and Jamuna in supporting roles; Jamuna had no dialogue for most of the film. It was Rama Rao's 55th film as an actor, and Jaggayya's first film for Vijaya Vauhini Studios. Jaggayya replaced Akkineni Nageswara Rao, who bowed out due to scheduling conflicts. Jaggayya had worked with Prasad as a voice artist for the Telugu-dubbed version of the director's Manohara (1954). Comedian Potti Prasad and Padmanabham made appearances as the prospective bridegrooms of Girija, who played Relangi fiancée; the former made their Telugu cinema debut with this film. Prasad, who received 1,116 for their single scene, praised Nagi Reddy and Chakrapani's generosity. Marcus Bartley was the director of photography. S. Rajeswara Rao composed the soundtrack and background score, assisted by Ogirala Ramachandra Rao and K. Prasada Rao. Ramachandra Rao's son, Narasimhamurthy, was cast as a child artiste. G. Kalyanasundaram and K. Radhakrishna edited the film, and Madhavapeddi Gokhale and Kaladhar were its art directors.
The success of Missamma (1955) encouraged Chakrapani to include a dream sequence, "Damayanti Swayamvaram", in which Rama Rao, Savitri and Jaggayya play Nala, Damayanti and Indra. Rama Rao had to shave their signature moustache for a scene, making Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu the only contemporary film in which they are clean-shaven. Another dance scene, "Aathmathyagam", was filmed by E. V. Saroja and Mikkilineni in Gevacolor; both were choreographed by Pasumarthi Krishnamurthy. Though the film is shown almost entirely in black and white, "Aathmathyagam" alone was filmed in colour. M. Pithambaram and T. P. Bhaktavatsalam provided the make-up. Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu was processed at the Vijaya Laboratory, and was recorded with the Westrex Sound System. The film's final length was .
Music
S. Rajeswara Rao composed the soundtrack of Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu, which has 15 songs (including poems). Pingali Nagendrarao wrote the lyrics. Sound mixing was supervised by A. Krishnan and V. Sivaram, processed by N. C. Sen Gupta and orchestrated by A. Krishnamurthy. Ghantasala provided vocals for Rama Rao and Ramaiah, and A. M. Rajah sang for Jaggayya's portions. P. Leela, P. Susheela, and Swarnalatha provided vocals for the actores. "Echatinundi Veecheno" was based on the Mohana raga. For "Sundarangulanu Choosina Velana" Rajeswara Rao re-used the melody of "Brundavanamadi Andaridi Govindudu Andarivadele", which they wrote for Vijaya Vauhini Studios' Missamma at Chakrapani's urging (a rare example of the composer recycling an earlier song).
Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu soundtrack was released in December 1959 on the Saregama label. "Kaseeki Poyanu Ramahari", "Echatinundi Veecheno", "Moogavaina Emile Nagumome" and "Cheyi Cheyi Kaluparave" became popular over the years; "Cheyi Cheyi Kaluparave" was parodied by the Indian National Congress as part of their election campaign during the 1989 general elections. The poem "Nava Kala Samithi" and other popular songs were played by keyboardist V. Seetharamaiah at the April 2013 Ghantasala Padya Sangeetha Vibhavari event at Kalabharathi Auditorium in Visakhapatnam.
Track listing
Release, reception and legacy
Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu was released theatrically on 14 January 1959, during the Makar Sankranti festival season. With mediocre earnings during its first four weeks, the film became an above-average grosser. Its re-release was profitable, and it became a Telugu cult film.
According to M. L. Narasimham of The Hindu, Prasad's "deft handling" made the scenes "flow smoothly" despite the number of characters but the magic of Pelli Chesi Choodu (1952) and Missamma was missing from Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu. In their Encyclopedia of Indian Cinema, Ashish Rajadhyaksha and Paul Willemen wrote that the film "stages the victory of nationalist-modern alliance over decadent feudalism"; Ramaiah's scenes are its "most remarkable sections", giving a "semblance of unity" to a plot they found "barely coherent". K. Moti Gokulsing and Wimal Dissanayake wrote that Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu, Missamma, Gundamma Katha (1962) and Ramudu Bheemudu (1964) "represented the scope comedy had in the 1950s and 60s."
In September 2006, a postage stamp commemorating Prasad was issued in Hyderabad. M. L. Narasimham, in an article about the honour, listed Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu with Shavukaru (1950), Samsaram (1950), Pelli Chesi Choodu, Manohara, Missamma and others as acclaimed films by the director after the release of Mana Desam (1949) and their association with Vijaya Vauhini Studios. Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu was one of the popular 1950s films featuring Ramana Reddy and Relangi Venkata Ramaiah, whom film historian Punnami Ravi Chandra termed the Laurel and Hardy of Telugu cinema at the time. Relangi Narasimha Rao 2008 comedy film of the same name, starring Rajendra Prasad, was a commercial failure.
Digitisation plans
In late November 2007, Hyderabad-based Goldstone Technologies acquired the film-negative rights to 14 Telugu films produced by Vijaya Vauhini Studios (including Mayabazar and Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu) to produce digitally-remastered versions in colour. Although the remastered, colourised version of Mayabazar was released in January 2010 and performed well in theatres, Goldstone decided not to remaster the remaining 13 films. According to the company, most of the producers who sold their negative rights to television networks relinquished control of them and the legal ownership and copyright issues proved insurmountable.
Notes
References
External links
1959 comedy-drama films
1950s Telugu-language films
1959 films
Films directed by L. V. Prasad
Films scored by S. Rajeswara Rao
Indian black-and-white films
Indian comedy-drama films
1959 comedy films
1959 drama films
A Daughter Just Like You () is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Lee Soo-kyung, Kang Kyung-joon, Kim Hye-ok and Kil Yong-woo. It aired on MBC on Mondays to Fridays at 20:55 for 120 episodes beginning May 18, 2015.
Plot
Hong Ae-Ja (Kim Hye-Ok) works as a host at a home shopping channel. They have three accomplished daughters: Ji-Sung (Woo Hee-Jin), In-Sung (Lee Soo-Kyung) and Hee-Sung (Jung Hye-Seong). Hong Ae-Ja's family interconnects with So Pan-Seok's (Jung Bo-Suk) family and Heo Eun-Sook's (Park Hae-Mi) as in-laws.
Cast
Hong Ae-ja's family
Kim Hye-ok as Hong Ae-ja
Kil Yong-woo as Ma Jung-ki (Ae-ja's husband)
Woo Hee-jin as Ma Ji-sung (Ae-ja's oldest daughter)
Kim Hye-yoon as young Ma Ji-sung (Ep. 1)
Lee Soo-kyung as Ma In-sung (Ae-ja's second daughter)
Jung Hye-sung as Ma Hee-sung (Ae-ja's youngest daughter)
So Pan-suk's family
Jeong Bo-seok as So Pan-suk
Kang Kyung-joon as So Jung Geun (Pan-suk's eldest son)
Lee Gun-ha as young Jung Geun
Jung Woo-shik as So Seung Geun (Pan-suk's second son)
Jo Woo-ri as So Jung Yi (Pan-suk's youngest daughter)
Huh Eun-sook's family
Park Hae-mi as Huh Eun-sook (Ji-sung's mother-in-law)
Lee Byung-joon as Baek Min-suk (Ji-sung's father-in-law)
Lee Ji-hoon as Baek Woo-jae (Ji-sung's husband)
Yoon Jong-hoon as Bae Sun Jae
Others
Jun Won-joo as Mal Nyun (Jung-ki's mother)
Kang Sung-min as Kang Hyun Woo
Go Yun-ah as Baek Mi Na (Ji-sung & Woo-jae's daughter)
Han Seung-hyun as Sung Chan
Joey Albright as Dave
Choi Min
Han Yeo-wool
Lee Chang
Kim Seo-kyung
Ahn Byung-kyung
Seo Kwang-jae
Choi Jung-won as Ahn Jin Bong
References
External links
2015 South Korean television series debuts
2015 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
MBC TV television dramas
Hellemmes () is a former commune in the Nord department in northern France, since 1977 an associated part of Lille.
Heraldry
See also
Communes of the Nord department
References
Lille
Former communes of Nord (French department)
Glenn MacDonald is the John M. Olin Distinguished Professor of Economics and Strategy at the Olin Business School at Washington University in St. Louis, and a professor of economics in the department of economics in the school's College of Arts and Sciences. They also serve as the director of the Center for Research in Economics and Strategy at Olin.
They began their tenure at Washington University in 2001. They were also a Senior Associate Dean of the Olin Business School (at that time named the Olin School of Business) from 2005 through 2007.
Prior to moving to St. Louis to work at Washington University in St. Louis, Glenn MacDonald served as a Professor and Area Coordinator for Economics and Management at the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Rochester located in Rochester, New York from 1994 until 2001. Also while working at the University of Rochester, Glenn MacDonald worked as a professor of economics in the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration from 1992 until 2001. During this period they were also a Professor of Organizations and Markets (1992-1994). Beginning in 1985 they served as a Senior Research Associate at the Rochester Center for Economic Research.
Before their time in Rochester, New York working for the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration Glenn MacDonald held a number of positions at the University of Western Ontario. Glenn MacDonald served as a lecturer during 1978 and 1979, as an assistant professor from 1979 until 1982, and associate professor from 1982 until 1984, and a full professor of economics from 1984 until 1992 when they moved to Rochester, New York.
Works
Recent significant works
"Do new entrants sustain, destroy or create guaranteed profitability?" Strategic Management Journal (forthcoming); with Michael Ryall
"The Economics of Super Managers," Review of Financial Studies (2011); with Nina Baranchuk and Jun Yang
"The Life Cycle of the Size Distribution of Firms," Review of Economic Dynamics (2009); with Emin Dinlersoz
"Legal Institutions, Sectoral Heterogeneity, and Economi Development," Review of Economic Studies (2009); with Rui Castro and Gian Luca Clementi
"Adverse Specialization" Journal of Political Economy (August, 2001), 864-899; with Leslie Marx.
Early significant works
"Person-Specific Information in the Labor Market", The Journal of Political Economy, Jun., 1980.
"The Impact of Schooling on Wages", Econometrica, Sep., 1981.
"Information in Production", Econometrica, Sep.,1982.
"A Market Equilibrium Theory of Job Assignment and Sequential Accumulation of Information", The American Economic Review, Dec., 1982.
"The Economics of Rising Stars", The American Economic Review, Mar., 1988.
"Competitive Diffusion", The Journal of Political Economy, Feb., 1994; with Boyan Jovanovic.
"The Life Cycle of a Competitive Industry", The Journal of Political Economy, Apr., 1994; with Boyan Jovanovic.
"When is Advertising a Signal of Product Quality?", Journal of Economics and Management Strategy, Fall 1994; with Ignatius Horstmann.
Life
Early life
Recent Interests
MacDonald was an avid long-distance runner for many years, completing the Go St. Louis Marathon in 2008.  They are also an aspiring electronic music DJ.
References
External links
http://www.olin.wustl.edu/facultyandresearch/Faculty/Pages/FacultyDetail.aspx?username=macdonald
http://apps.olin.wustl.edu/faculty/macdonald/Dr._Glenn_Macdonald/Home.html
http://www.econ.rochester.edu/postgraduate/glenn.html
Living people
1952 births
21st-century American economists
University of Rochester alumni
Washington University in St. Louis faculty
York University alumni
Héctor Demarco (31 May 1936 – 21 June 2010) was a Uruguayan footballer. They played in 14 matches for the Uruguay national football team from 1955 to 1959. They were also part of Uruguay's squad for the 1956 South American Championship.
References
External links
Profile at ASOCIACIÓN URUGUAYA DE FÚTBOL
1936 births
2010 deaths
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association football forwards
Defensor Sporting players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
L.R. Vicenza players
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Roxanne Donnery is a member of the Orange County legislature in Orange County, New York. They represent the 14th District as a member of the Democratic Party, which includes the town of Highlands and most of the town of Woodbury, both located in Orange County. They decided to run against Nancy Calhoun, who has represented the 96th District in the New York State Assembly for 20 years.
Issues
Kiryas Joel Pipeline
As an Legislator, especially as Chair in 2009, Donnery has been on the forefront of a number of issues affecting Orange County. Most notable is their steadfast opposition to the Kiryas Joel pipeline proposal - in 2004 their legislation jumpstarted the lawsuit against KJ and provided the funding for the county to take them to court over issues in the proposal's environmental review. A state Supreme Court judge has rejected a request by three municipalities to resurrect Orange County's abandoned lawsuit against Kiryas Joel over the village's proposed pipeline to the Catskill Aqueduct.
In a terse decision dated Friday, Justice Francis Nicolai refused to let the Town of Woodbury and villages of Woodbury and Harriman replace the county as plaintiff and reopen the case, declaring that the communities "had every opportunity and did participate" in talks over the pipeline litigation and a related sewer case. (NY judge denies request to revive KJ pipeline suit | recordonline.com) Orange County and Kiryas Joel settled both cases in a joint settlement in February. Woodbury and Harriman officials sought to continue the pipeline lawsuit because they say the county's former concerns about the project's environmental impact are still valid.
After County Executive Eddie Diana dropped the second lawsuit against the pipeline in March 2010, Donnery voiced their opposition to the move, citing unresolved issues with sewer treatment.  They are currently supporting the efforts of three municipalities - Town and Village of Woodbury and Village of Harriman - in their lawsuit against the pipeline that seeks to pick up where the county left off.
Inspector General
As Chairwoman, Donnery made the creation of an independent watchdog agency - an inspector general to root out waste, fraud, and abuse in county government - a priority. After almost a full year of studying the concept, Donnery pushed for a vote at the end of the 2009 session and successfully persuaded the legislature to pass the measure. County Executive Eddie Diana, however, vetoed the bill shortly thereafter.
Valley View Nursing Home
The Legislature voted in May 2010 to move forward on studying future options for the ownership and operation of the county-owned Valley View Center for Nursing Care and Rehabilitation. Donnery opposes some legislators' attempts to sell the facility as they claim that privatizing Valley View would endanger quality of care, price many patients out of the facility, and potentially lead to job cuts. They voted against the study both in committee and in the full legislature.
References
External links
Assembly Campaign Website
Orange County Legislature Biography
Living people
Women in New York (state) politics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Orange County, New York
New York (state) Democrats
21st-century American women
The Cherry Brook is a tributary of the West Dart River on Dartmoor, Devon, England.
It rises about a kilometre north of Lower White Tor in the open moorland and flows in a generally southerly direction past Powder Mills, the site of a 19th-century gunpowder factory, then under a clapper bridge where it turns easterly and passes under the B3212 road at Higher Cherrybrook Bridge. It then continues southwards, passes to the east of Smith Hill and then meets the B3357 road at Lower Cherrybrook Bridge where it is joined by the Muddilake Brook that has its source just west of Crockern Tor. The Cherry Brook then winds its way down to meet the West Dart River near Sherberton.
References
Ordnance Survey 1:25,000 scale maps of Dartmoor. OL28.
Rivers of Devon
1Cherry
Dump Trump is a high statue of former United States President Donald Trump sitting on a golden toilet. The sculpture was temporarily installed in Central London's Trafalgar Square ahead of their 2019 visit to the United Kingdom, and displayed during the Trump-organised Salute to America in Washington DC, on 4 July 2019.
Description and history
In addition to depicting Donald Trump tweeting from a smartphone on a golden toilet while wearing a MAGA hat with "IMPEACH ME!" scribbled on it, the statue makes flatulence noises and says the phrases "I'm a very stable genius", "no collusion", "witch-hunt", and "you are fake news". The statue was designed by dinosaur expert and author Don Lessem and cost approximately $25,000. "I'm interested in things that are big, not very intelligent and have lost their place in history", the artist commented.
History
The statue was temporarily installed in Central London's Trafalgar Square ahead of their 2019 visit to the United Kingdom. It was displayed during the Trump-organised Salute to America event in Washington, D.C. on 4 July 2019.
See also
2019 in art
Donald Trump baby balloon
The Emperor Has No Balls
Trump Buddha
References
2019 in London
2019 in politics
2019 protests
2019 works
Outdoor sculptures in London
Parodies of Donald Trump
Political art
Protests against Donald Trump
Protests in London
Statues in London
Statues of Donald Trump
Trafalgar Square
The Voisin V was a French pusher-type bomber aircraft of World War I.
Development history
The Voisin III had proved a successful bomber, but its payload was limited by the Salmson M9 engine, which produced only 120-hp. With an already identified need to develop a heavier and more powerful aircraft to deliver a larger bomb-load, an interim measure was taken to produce a Voisin Type III with a 150-hp Salmson P9 engine.
At the same time, the airframe was strengthened and the central nacelle streamlined. The new engine was placed on a raised platform to provide clearance for the propeller and was angled to provide downward thrust. In addition, the landing gear was strengthened and the wing chord was increased from the roots to the wing tips.
The new aircraft was given the STAé designation Voisin Type V, while the factory designation was Voisin LAS. The S stood for surélevé (raised) which indicated the raised engine mount. The previous Type III variant had an exhaust system which permitted fumes to escape freely; the Type V incorporated a more effective system of twin exhaust pipes.
One Voisin Type V was transformed into a twin-engine aircraft in 1916 by adding a second Salmson in the front of the fuselage driving a tractor propeller. It is believed that the intention was to test a possible twin pusher and tractor propeller configuration for a new bomber planned by Voisin. The twin-engine Voisin Type 5 first flew in early 1916 but appears not to have been developed further.
The first Voisin Type V came into operational use in 1915 and not long after replaced the Voisin Type III on the production lines. However, the Voisins 150 hp (as they were referred to at the Western Front) were held in low regard by their crews. Despite the more powerful engine, the Voisin Type Vs' payload was only marginally better and the maximum speed was only 13 km/h faster.
Operational use
Approximately 350 Voisin Type Vs were built, and these served alongside the Voisin Type IIIs in front-line escadrilles during 1915 and well into 1916.
In common with other Voisin variants, the pusher engine configuration of the Type V resulted in the aircraft being defenceless against attacks from the rear. However this variant continued the operational use of all of the types both in training and bombing roles.
Operators
Argentine Air Force - one aircraft
French Air Force
Imperial Russian Air Service
Swiss Air Force - One aircraft only.
Specifications
References
Taylor, J. W. R. (ed) Combat Aircraft of the World. pp. 132–3 London: Michael Joseph, 1969,
Military aircraft of World War I
1910s French bomber aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
05
Aircraft first flown in 1914
Biplanes
This is a list of films produced in the Netherlands during the 2010s.
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2018
2019
References
2010s
Films
Dutch
The 2011 Irish Classic was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament that took place between 29 and 30 October 2011 at the Celbridge Snooker Club in Kildare, Republic of Ireland. The event was sponsored by Lucan Racing.
Fergal O'Brien won in the final 5–2 against Ken Doherty, who made three century breaks (120, 107, 104) during the tournament.
Main draw
References
2011
Lucan Racing Classic
Lucan Racing Classic
Matilda McCrear (c. 1857 – January 1940) was the last known living survivor in the United States of the transatlantic slave trade and the ship Clotilda. They were a Yoruba who was captured and brought to Mobile, Mobile County, Alabama, at the age of two with their mother and older sister.
The girls were sold away from their mother and never reunited. Together with other American slaves in Union-occupied territory in the South, Matilda was granted freedom by the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863. They and their family did not achieve freedom until after the de facto abolition of slavery in 1865. They continued to be a sharecropper as an adult, and had a family of fourteen children with a white German-born American common-law husband. They died in Selma, Alabama.
McCrear's life became publicly known through research by Hannah Durkin of Newcastle University, published in 2020.
Life
McCrear was captured as a young child in West Africa with their mother and sister by the army of the West African kingdom of Dahomey, which had attacked their home. The Dahomeyans transported their prisoners to the coastal port of Ouidah, where Captain William Foster later arrived and transported them illegally to the United States aboard the Clotilda, the last known slave ship to have carried captives from Africa to the United States.
Writing in their journal in 1860, Captain William Foster of the Clotilda described how they came in possession of the enslaved Africans on their ship, They were a member of the Yoruba people. They received traditional facial scars, which were visible for the rest of their life. When they were two years old, they and their mother Gracie and sister Sallie (as they were named in the US), were captured and bought by a planter, Memorable Creagh. They were among more than 100 Africans transported in 1860 on the Clotilda. They had two other sisters whose names are not known, and a stepfather Guy. The girls were later sold apart from their mother and never reunited.
After the abolition of slavery in 1865, McCrear (who first took the surname of Creagh) continued to work as a sharecropper in Alabama with their mother and sister. They never married but, according to their grandson, had 14 children with a white German-born man. They changed their name from Creagh to McCrear.
In their seventies, they made a legal claim for compensation for their enslavement, which was dismissed. According to Durkin, they appear to have continued to have worn their hair in a traditional Yoruba style all their life. They died in Selma, Dallas County, Alabama, aged 83.
Prior to the publication of Durkin's research in 2020, McCrear's contemporary Redoshi (c. 1848 – 1937) was thought to be the last living survivor of the Clotilda and of the transatlantic slave trade.
References
See also
List of the last surviving American slaves
1850s births
1940 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
American people of Yoruba descent
People with acquired American citizenship
19th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
Last living survivors
19th-century American slaves
Yoruba women
American former slaves
Stuart Charles Coetzer (born 31 January 1982) is a Scottish former cricketer.
The son of Peter Coetzer, they were born in South Africa at Grahamstown. They moved to Scotland when their family emigrated in 1984. Having played age-group cricket for Scotland from under-13 level, Coetzer was selected for the Scotland national under-19 squad for the 2002 Under-19 Cricket World Cup in New Zealand, making four appearances in the tournament. Coetzer featured for the Scottish senior team in two minor matches against Bangladesh, as part of their warm-up for the 2004 ICC Champions Trophy. In the same year they made four List A one-day appearance against English county opposition in the 2004 totesport League, scoring 27 runs with the highest score of 21 not out. There followed a period were Coetzer lost interest in the sport, but returned to their club Stoneywood-Dyce in 2010, where they began to coach young players, including future Scotland international Michael Leask. Their younger brother is the former Scotland cricket captain Kyle Coetzer, while they have family connections in Argentina with the Dugmore cricketing family, which includes their uncle Grant Dugmore.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Makhanda, Eastern Cape
South African emigrants to the United Kingdom
Scottish people of South African descent
Scottish cricketers
The 2015–16 film awards season began in November 2015 with the Gotham Independent Film Awards 2015 and ended in February 2016 with the 88th Academy Awards. Major winners for the year included The Revenant, Mad Max: Fury Road, Spotlight, Room, and Steve Jobs, among others.
Award ceremonies
Films by awards gained
References
American film awards
Wola Korybutowa Druga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Hyparrhenia filipendula is a species of perennial bunchgrass commonly known as Tambookie grass, fine thatching grass, and fine hood grass. It grows to a height of .
Distribution
Hyparrhenia filipendula has a widespread native distribution, in semiarid Africa, Papuasia and Australia. It has been introduced into Sri Lanka, parts of Southeast Asia and Indonesia. It is an important component of acacia savannas with of annual precipitation in East Africa, which includes the wetter parts of the Serengeti ecosystem. It is commonly found in grasslands in combination with Themeda triandra and Hyparrhenia dissoluta.
Uses
Hyparrhenia filipendula is a fodder plant for wild and domestic grazers, but it is not well adapted to heavy grazing. In mixed grasslands with T. tiandra it produces 6.8 grams of dry matter and 0.56 grams of protein per square meter per month per centimeter of rainfall.
References
Panicoideae
Bunchgrasses of Africa
Bunchgrasses of Asia
Poales of Australia
Flora of West Tropical Africa
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Flora of Northeast Tropical Africa
Flora of East Tropical Africa
Flora of South Tropical Africa
Flora of Southern Africa
Flora of the Western Indian Ocean
Flora of China
Flora of Papuasia
Flora of Australia
Lester Vail (June 29, 1899 – November 28, 1959) was an American actor of the stage, screen, and radio from the 1920s through the 1940s. In addition to acting in all three mediums, Vail also saw success as director on the Broadway stage, as well also being a producer of radio programs.
Life and career
Born on June 29, 1899 in Denver, Colorado, Vail rose to prominence on the New York stage during the mid-1920s in the drama, Caught. Over the next ten years they appeared in over fifteen plays on the Great White Way; their more notable plays being Behold the Bridegroom, which ran in 1927 and 1928, written and directed by George Kelly, and 1934's Are You Decent?.
In 1931 they took a brief hiatus from the stage, focusing on performing in films. In the year they spent in Hollywood, Vail made eight films, with starring or featured roles in all but one of them. Their film debut came in Beau Ideal, the 1931 sequel to the 1926 silent film, Beau Geste, starring alongside Frank McCormack and Ralph Forbes. Other notable films include starring roles in Dance, Fools, Dance (1931), with Joan Crawford; Victor Schertzinger's The Woman Between, which co-starred Lili Damita; and 1932's Big Town, directed by Arthur Hoerl. Other films in which they had a featured role included Consolation Marriage (1931), starring Irene Dunne and Pat O'Brien; and I Take This Woman, starring Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard.
After their short stint in films, Vail returned to the stage in 1932. They took another break from the stage in 1935, not returning until the war years of 1941-45, at which point they changed hats, directing, rather than acting. Their biggest Broadway success as a director, was their last play, 1945's Chicken Every Sunday, by Julius and Philip Epstein. Beginning in the mid-1930s they entered a new medium: radio. From the 30s through the start of the 1950s, they acted and produced in that arena. They produced several shows for NBC, including Cyrano de Bergerac as part of the Great Plays series. Other shows they would produce for the Great Plays series included Captain Jinks of the Horse Marines, William Tell, and Elizabeth the Queen. Vail would also be one of the directors of the radio serial, The Aldrich Family, which ran from 1939-53.
Late in their career, Vail made several appearances on episodic television, including performances on Perry Mason, Father Knows Best and The Donna Reed Show. Vail died on November 28, 1959 in Los Angeles, California.
Filmography
(as per AFI's database)
Beau Ideal (1931) as Otis Madison
Consolation Marriage (1931) as Aubrey
Dance, Fools, Dance (1931) as Bob Townsend
I Take This Woman (1931) as Herbert Forrest
It's a Wise Child (1931) as Roger Baldwin
Murder by the Clock (1931) as Thomas Hollander
The Woman Between (1931) as Victor Whitcomb
Big Town (1932) as James Wyley
References
External links
1899 births
1959 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male radio actors
American radio producers
American male stage actors
American theatre directors
American male television actors
Male actors from Denver
is a 2006 science fiction anime film and part of the Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex series based on Masamune Shirow's manga Ghost in the Shell. It was produced by Production I.G and directed by Kenji Kamiyama.
The film is set in 2034, two years after the events of 2nd GIG. Togusa is now the team leader for Public Security Section 9, which has increased considerably in size. Section 9 deals with a series of complicated incidents, including the assassination of Ka Rum, a former dictator of the Siak Republic, which leads to a terrorist plot using children as vectors for a cybernetic virus. Investigations reveal that a hacker nicknamed "The Puppeteer" is behind the entire series of events.
The film, which had a production budget of 360 million yen, debuted in Japan on SKY PerfecTV! on September 1, 2006, and it was released in North America in 2007. A stereoscopic 3D version of the film was released in 2011. The film received generally positive reviews, but was criticized for being dialogue-heavy and lacking in action.
Plot
In 2034, two years after the events of 2nd GIG, Public Security Section 9 is investigating a string of mysterious suicides by refugees from the Siak Republic. Chief Aramaki conducts a raid to arrest the refugee dictator only to find them already dead. In retaliation, a Siak operative plans a terrorist attack with a micromachine virus. Batou is sent to intercept the Siak operative and encounters Kusanagi, who is conducting their own investigation. Before they can apprehend the operative, they die while attacking them. Kusanagi takes a case of virus ampules and warns Batou to stay away from the Solid State Society before leaving.
Section 9 operatives develop a theory that a hacker known as the Puppeteer or 傀儡廻 (Kugutsumawashi, literally 'Puppet Spinner', contrasted with the original film Puppet Master who was 人形使い Ningyō-zukai, literally 'Doll Handler') is responsible for Siak agents' forced suicides and Togusa discovers sixteen kidnapped children who were intended carriers of the virus. All the children are listed as the children of Noble Rot Senior Citizens and Section 9 begins to suspect a larger conspiracy when they are part of a larger body of 20,000 children.
Soon afterwards, the Puppeteer causes the disappearance of the sixteen children and Batou reveals to Togusa that they believe Kusanagi to be the Puppeteer. Section 9 next intercepts a Siak sniper that is targeting the supposed mastermind of Ka Rum's assassination. After their capture it is revealed the informant and the target are one and the same. The sniper says that the Puppeteer is a mechanism in the Solid State and cannot be killed.
Togusa tracks down one of the missing children, now assigned to an elderly man in the Noble Rot program. As Togusa tries to take the child, the man awakens and demands the child be left with them as they had named the child as their sole heir. They would rather give their assets to a child off the street and to protect them from abuse than have their assets turned over to the government upon their death. The man immediately dies after warning Togusa not to interfere with the will of the Solid State.
Later, Togusa receives a call from the Puppeteer who hacks their brain and forces them to drive to a cyberbrain implant hospital with their daughter. The Puppeteer and Togusa converse, and Togusa is given the option to lose their daughter to the Solid State or commit suicide. They choose suicide but is saved by Kusanagi who then identifies the Puppeteer as a rhizome formed by the collective consciousness of the Noble Rot Senior Citizens located in a welfare center.
Kusanagi temporarily rejoins Section 9 and confirms that Ito Munei, an influential politician, was behind the assassination of General Ka Rum. They also confirm that Munei and other politicians use it as a front for a brainwashing facility to create an elite group of pure-blooded Japanese to take control of the country in the next generation and lead it into Munei's vision of a new Golden Age. The Solid State decided to eliminate Munei for interfering in its plans, but Munei was ignorant of the origin of the abduction infrastructure.
A designer named Tateaki Koshiki steps forward, claiming they developed the Solid State system before committing suicide. Kusanagi dives into their cyberbrain and into Koshiki's trap, allowing them to hack their cyberbrain. The Puppeteer reveals that they were spread across several egos until a collective consciousness emerged and developed into a Solid State, allowing them to move into the society beyond as the vanishing mediator. Later, Batou tells a recovering Kusanagi that the real Tateaki Koshiki used a prosthetic body and built the Solid State after they were hired by Munei.
Kusanagi does not reveal that the Puppeteer was a fragment of herself, but Batou already knew from being linked to them during the dive. Batou concludes that the ultimate identity of the Puppeteer will remain unknown and that incident will be written off as a scandal. Kusanagi implies that they will permanently rejoin Section 9 after years of wandering the net on their own.
Cast
Production
The film was initially hinted as a new anime project collaboration with Bandai Visuals and Production I.G. The film was officially announced by Production I.G at the 2006 Tokyo Anime Fair. Whether the film would be released theatrically, broadcast on television, or released direct-to-DVD was undecided at the time. The film had a production budget of 360 million yen (equivalent to US$4.3 million). It was produced in Hi-vision format and was made by the same staff that originally made the TV series.
The production team used a 3-D layout system to render the interior shots ahead separately and in advance. The art team was tasked to draw lighting boards to show the position of light sources in the scene to improve the overall quality of the animation. One of the themes in the series was "Motoko Kusanagi's rebirth". The team had a difficult time portraying Motoko Kusanagi and their return to Section 9. Kenji Kamiyama stated that they felt the characters have obtained "ghosts" of their own and that Kusanagi needed a convincing story in order to return to Section 9. Shotaro Suga noted that Kusanagi was more going back to their old self rather than showing the new strength they found when they left Section 9.
For the music, Yoko Kanno read the scripts of the film in order to compose music that would synchronize with each scene, rather than composing music ahead of time. Sound Director Kazuhiro Wakabayashi returned to provide music menus, which made up of 70% of the scores Yoko Kanno composed.
As part of the Nissan sponsorship, the movie features two concept cars designed by Nissan. Togusa drives a white Nissan Sport Concept sports hatchback, Aramaki and Ichikawa are seen travelling in the 7-seater Infiniti Kuraza that premiered at the 2005 New York International Auto Show and North American International Auto Show.
Releases
The film debuted in Japan on SKY PerfecTV! on September 1, 2006. It premiered in North America at the 2007 New York Comic-Con screening from February 23–25, and also featured in 2007's Fantasia Festival in Canada. The English version was released on July 3, 2007. The Limited Edition Steelbook contained an additional DVD containing various development interviews and videos and the Solid State Society Original Soundtrack CD. In July 2008, Solid State Society was released in Blu-ray alongside the two OVA The Laughing Man and Individual Eleven in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Trilogy Box.
In November 2010, a stereoscopic 3D version was announced adding a new opening sequence. The 3D version was released in Tokyo's Shinjuku Wald 9 theater on March 26, 2011. The stereoscopic 3D version was released in both normal and deluxe edition on July 22, 2011. The normal version contains opening-day greetings by the staff and cast, film advertisements, and audio commentaries. The deluxe edition titled Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex Solid State Society -Another Dimension- is packaged in a Dennōka Box containing the film in Stereoscopic 3D all the content the normal edition along with three Tachikomatic Days shorts in 3D and one in 2D.
A novel adaptation titled , written by Kenji Kamiyama and their understudy Yasunori Kasuga, was published by Kodansha and released on March 3, 2011. An optical camouflage camera app for iOS was released on September 2, 2011. A video game for the Xbox 360 Kinect was developed by Kayac to promote the 3D remake of the film.
Reception
Christopher Monfette of IGN gave Solid State Society an "Impressive" score of 8.0 out of 10, stating that it was "A worthwhile watch". Carl Kimlinger of Anime News Network gave the film a "B" rating, calling it a "swift-moving futuristic crime film with some clever science-fiction twists and solid action" but criticizing it was "wordy, confusing and somewhat bloodless." The film earned a 1.4% rating when it aired in NTV on October 15, 2012.
Marcus Doidge of DVD Active gave it a 6/10 stating, "Solid State Society isn't as strong as the first and second season of the anime show but being one feature length story as opposed to lots of very cool and largely great individual episodes offers a more in depth and focused story for the most part and a happy return to the world of Ghost in the Shell". The film was awarded the Juri Prize at the 21st Digital Content Grand Prix. The film was featured in the "Late Night Manga to Anime Film Season" hosted by The British Museum.
The DVD released ranked No. 1 on Oricon charts on November 23, 2006.
The 3D version ranked at No. 11 in the Japanese box office chart with a total of $285,268 from a total of nine theaters. The 3D version won the Movie award for The Japanese Committee of the International 3D Society.
References
External links
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex Solid State Society Manga Entertainment's site
Production I.G page: SSS, SSS3D, SSS3D (Japan)
3D Film
2006 anime OVAs
2006 films
Bandai Visual
Bandai Entertainment anime titles
Solid State Society
Japanese 3D films
Japanese animated science fiction films
Production I.G
Solid State Society
Anime films based on manga
Manisa 19 Mayis Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Manisa, Turkey. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of TFF Second League team Manisaspor.
The stadium is named after the date 19 May 1919 when Mustafa Kemal Atatürk set foot on land in Samsun to start the Turkish national independence movement.
With the promotion of Manisaspor to the Turkish Süper Lig at the end of the 2008–09 season, the stadium underwent renovation, boosting the capacity from 14,280 to 16,597.
Turkey national football team
The following national team match were held in the stadium.
Notes and references
External links
Manisa 19 Mayıs Stadium
Football venues in Turkey
Manisaspor
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
Süper Lig venues
Buildings and structures in Manisa Province
Sports venues completed in 1974
Koroteyev or Koroteev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Koroteyeva or Koroteeva. It may refer to
Anatoliy Koroteyev (born 1936), Russian theoretical physicist
Konstantin Koroteev (1901–1953), Soviet military officer
Mariya Koroteyeva (born 1981), Russian hurdler
Russian-language surnames
Information lifecycle management (ILM) refers to strategies for administering storage systems on computing devices.
ILM is the practice of applying certain policies to effective information management. This practice had its basis in the management of information in paper or other physical forms (microfilm, negatives, photographs, audio or video recordings and other assets).
ILM includes every phase of a "record" from its beginning to its end. And while it is generally applied to information that rises to the classic definition of a record (and thus related to record management), it applies to all informational assets. During its existence, information can become a record by being identified as documenting a business transaction or as satisfying a business need. In this sense ILM has been part of the overall approach of enterprise content management.
However, in a more general perspective the term "business" must be taken in a broad sense, and not forcibly tied to direct commercial or enterprise contexts. While most records are thought of as having a relationship to enterprise business, not all do. Much recorded information serves to document an event or a critical point in history. Examples of these are birth, death, medical/health and educational records. e-Science, for example, is an area where ILM has become relevant.
In 2004, the Storage Networking Industry Association, on behalf of the information technology (IT) and information storage industries, attempted to assign a new broader definition to Information Lifecycle Management (ILM). The oft-quoted definition that it released that October at the Storage Networking World conference in Orlando, Florida, stated that "ILM the policies, processes, practices, and tools used to align the business value of information with the most appropriate and cost-effective IT infrastructure from the time information is conceived through its final disposition." In this view, information is aligned with business processes through management policies and service levels associated with applications, metadata, information, and data.
Policy
ILM policy consists of the overarching storage and information policies that drive management processes. Policies are dictated by business goals and drivers. Therefore, policies generally tie into a framework of overall IT governance and management; change control processes; requirements for system availability and recovery times; and service level agreements (SLAs).
Operational
Operational aspects of ILM include backup and data protection; disaster recovery, restore, and restart; archiving and long-term retention; data replication; and day-to-day processes and procedures necessary to manage a storage architecture.
Infrastructure
Infrastructure facets of ILM include the logical and physical architectures; the applications dependent upon the storage platforms; security of storage; and data center constraints. Within the application realm, the relationship between applications and the production, test, and development requirements are generally most relevant for ILM.
Functionality
For the purposes of business records, there are five phases identified as being part of the lifecycle continuum along with one exception. These are:
Creation and Receipt
Distribution
Use
Maintenance
Disposition
Creation and Receipt deals with records from their point of origination. This could include their creation by a member of an organization at varying levels or receipt of information from an external source. It includes correspondence, forms, reports, drawings, computer input/output, or other sources.
Distribution is the process of managing the information once it has been created or received. This includes both internal and external distribution, as information that leaves an organization becomes a record of a transaction with others.
Use takes place after information is distributed internally, and can generate business decisions, document further actions, or serve other purposes.
Maintenance is the management of information. This can include processes such as filing, retrieval and transfers. While the connotation of 'filing' presumes the placing of information in a prescribed container and leaving it there, there is much more involved. Filing is actually the process of arranging information in a predetermined sequence and creating a system to manage it for its useful existence within an organization. Failure to establish a sound method for filing information makes its retrieval and use nearly impossible. Transferring information refers to the process of responding to requests, retrieval from files and providing access to users authorized by the organization to have access to the information. While removed from the files, the information is tracked by the use of various processes to ensure it is returned and/or available to others who may need access to it.
Disposition is the practice of handling information that is less frequently accessed or has met its assigned retention periods. Less frequently accessed records may be considered for relocation to an 'inactive records facility' until they have met their assigned retention period. "Although a small percentage of organizational information never loses its value, the value of most information tends to decline over time until it has no further value to anyone for any purpose. The value of nearly all business information is the greatest soon after it is created and generally remains active for only a short time --one to three years or so-- after which its importance and usage declines. The record then makes its life cycle transition to a semi-active and finally to an inactive state." Retention periods are based on the creation of an organization-specific retention schedule, based on research of the regulatory, statutory and legal requirements for management of information for the industry in which the organization operates. Additional items to consider when establishing a retention period are any business needs that may exceed those requirements and consideration of the potential historic, intrinsic or enduring value of the information. If the information has met all of these needs and is no longer considered to be valuable, it should be disposed of by means appropriate for the content. This may include ensuring that others cannot obtain access to outdated or obsolete information as well as measures for protection privacy and confidentiality.'
Long-term records are those that are identified to have a continuing value to an organization. Based on the period assigned in the retention schedule, these may be held for periods of 25 years or longer, or may even be assigned a retention period of "indefinite" or "permanent". The term "permanent" is used much less frequently outside of the Federal Government, as it is not feasible to establish a requirement for such a retention period. There is a need to ensure records of a continuing value are managed using methods that ensure they remain persistently accessible for length of the time they are retained. While this is relatively easy to accomplish with paper or microfilm based records by providing appropriate environmental conditions and adequate protection from potential hazards, it is less simple for electronic format records. There are unique concerns related to ensuring the format they are generated/captured in remains viable and the media they are stored on remains accessible. Media is subject to both degradation and obsolescence over its lifespan, and therefore, policies and procedures must be established for the periodic conversion and migration of information stored electronically to ensure it remains accessible for its required retention periods.
Exceptions occur with non-recurring issues outside the normal day-to-day operations. One example of this is a legal hold, litigation hold or legal freeze is requested by an attorney. What follows is that the records manager will place a legal hold inside the records management application which will stop the files from being enqueued for disposition.
See also
Automated tiered storage
ARMA International
Application retirement
Computer data storage
Data classification (disambiguation)
Data proliferation
Digital asset management
Digital continuity
Digital preservation
Document management
Enterprise content management
Hierarchical storage management
Information governance
Information repository
Records management
Footnotes
References
Stephens, David O. Records Management: Making the Transition from Paper to Electronic. Overland Park, KS: ARMA International, 2007.
External links
U.S. Federal Rules on discovery of electronically stored information (ESI)
Records management
W. James Morgan (died 1866) was a Union Army recruiter and officer in the American Civil War.
Born in New York, Morgan had experience as a member of militia units in both Ohio and Indiana. At the outbreak of the Civil War, Morgan was living as a grocer in Brunswick, Missouri and began to recruit men for a mounted infantry unit in Federal service to be known as the Morgan Rangers. Morgan was made full colonel and authorized to raise a full regiment of infantry, which was recruited predominantly in northern Missouri. The Morgan Rangers eventually molded into the 18th Missouri Volunteer Infantry which completed formation in December, 1861.
Morgan's decisions often appeared as inflammatory considering their early role as commander of occupation forces in Platte County, Missouri. At one point in late 1861, Morgan even wrote to Henry Halleck advocating that Morgan order two Confederate sympathizers shot to make an example for the rest of the local population. In December 1861, Morgan ordered two Confederate soldiers home either on furlough or on expiration of their terms of enlistment executed at Bee Creek Bridge and subsequently was responsible for the Burning of Platte City, Missouri.
By February 1862, Morgan was officially derided by higher command for the bombastic actions they had perpetrated while in command of the 18th Missouri in Platte County. Morgan was officially relieved of command of the regiment, which was then entrusted to veteran artillery captain Madison Miller.
Morgan died in Natchez, Mississippi in 1866.
References
History of Clay and Platte Counties Missouri, 1885
Paxton, W.M., Annals of Platte County, Missouri, 1897
Anders, Leslie, The Eighteenth Missouri, 1968
Year of birth missing
1866 deaths
People from New York (state)
People from Brunswick, Missouri
People of Missouri in the American Civil War
Union Army colonels
Elitserien for bandy in 2007–08 was the first season of the "new" Elitserien, replacing the former Allsvenskan and Elitserien.
League table
Knock-out stage
A best-of-three playoff were used in the quarter-finals and best-of-five in the semi-finals. The crucial final for the Swedish Championship was played at Studenternas IP in Uppsala on 15 March 2008.
Final
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
Elitserien (bandy) seasons
Bandy
Bandy
Elitserien
Elitserien
In Full Cry is an album by the American composer, saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri, with violinist Mat Maneri and the rhythm section of John Lockwood on bass and Randy Peterson on drums. It was recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Charlie Wilmoth stated: "A cursory listen might produce the opinion that the members of Maneri's quartet push bent notes too far or in the wrong direction, or that they're playing out of tune, but close listening reveals that they're simply playing by their own rules".
Track listing
All compositions by Joe Maneri, John Lockwood, Mat Maneri and Randy Peterson except as indicated
"Coarser and Finer" (Maneri, Maneri, Peterson) - 3:02
"Tenderly" (Walter Gross, Jack Lawrence) - 9:33
"Outside the Dance Hall" - 4:47
"A Kind of Birth" - 5:04
"The Seed and All" - 4:14
"Pulling the Boat In" (Lockwood, Maneri, Maneri) - 2:16
"Nobody Knows" (Traditional) - 8:23
"In Full Cry" - 7:52
"Shaw Was a Good Man, Peewee" (Lockwood, Joe Maneri, Peterson) - 5:07
"Lift" (Maneri, Maneri, Peterson) - 2:19
"Motherless Child" (Traditional) - 3:23
"Prelude to a Kiss" (Duke Ellington, Irving Gordon, Irving Mills) - 6:20
Recorded at Hardstudios in Winterthur, Switzerland in June 1996
Personnel
Joe Maneri - clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, piano
Mat Maneri - electric 6-string violins
John Lockwood - double bass
Randy Peterson - drums, percussion
References
1997 albums
ECM Records albums
Joe Maneri albums
Sakesphorus is a genus of passerine birds in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae.
The genus Sakesphorus was erected by the British ornithologist Charles Chubb in 1918 with the black-crested antshrike as the type species. The name of genus is from the Ancient Greek sakesphoros "shield-bearing", from sakos "shield" and -phoros "-bearing".
The genus contains the following species:
Black-crested antshrike (Sakesphorus canadensis)
Glossy antshrike (Sakesphorus luctuosus)
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hamdy el-Gazzar (; born 1 October 1970) is an Egyptian writer. They were born in Giza and studied philosophy at Cairo University. They have been publishing since the 1990s; their literary output includes novels, short stories, stage plays and screenplays.
Their first novel (Sehr Aswad) Black Magic won the Sawiris Prize and has been translated into English by Humphrey Davies. Their second novel Ladhdhat Sirriyya (Secret Pleasures) was published in 2008.
Hamdy el-Gazzar was one of the 39 young Arab authors chosen by the Beirut39 project.
References
Egyptian novelists
1970 births
Living people
Cairo University alumni
Bobby's Kodak is a 1908 American silent short comedy film directed by Wallace McCutcheon and starring Edward Dillon and Robert Harron. The film was released by American Mutoscope & Biograph on February 10, 1908.
Cast
Edward Dillon as Father
Robert Harron as Son
Preservation
The film was considered a lost film for decades until a copy was found in the Library of Congress.
See also
List of American films of 1908
References
External links
1908 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
1908 films
American black-and-white films
American silent short films
1900s rediscovered films
Biograph Company films
Films directed by Wallace McCutcheon Sr.
Rediscovered American films
1908 short films
1900s American films
Get the Fire: Young Mormon Missionaries Abroad is a United States PBS-sponsored documentary, by the independent filmmaker Nancy du Plessis. It examines the experiences of some Mormon missionaries who questioned their religious beliefs after serving their missions. It premiered in December 2003 and was 60 minutes long.
Some Mormon missionaries, including those serving missions in a foreign culture, may begin to question their religious upbringing and belief system. Get the Fire follows three LDS missionaries during their two-year missions in Germany. The documentary opens with the three future missionaries at their respective homes prior to knowing where they will serve. Surrounded by their family, each boy opens a mission call informing them they will serve in the Munich, Germany mission. The documentary follows them along the full two years of their mission from the Missionary Training Center until they leave the mission and return home. The film shows missionaries proselyting in public squares, knocking door to door, struggling with a foreign language, congregating in zone and district meetings, and meeting with the mission president. Topics covered include missionary slang, leaving a girlfriend at home, missionary morale, and relationships with family at home. The three missionaries appear to remain dedicated and faithful to their mission in the film.
The documentary juxtaposes the sanguine views of the missionaries in Germany with interviews of former missionaries who have left the church. These interviews present a look at the experience of both young American and foreign-born Mormon missionaries and explore issues they have with the church. As these changed Mormon missionaries struggle to reconcile their intense, religious experience with a new outlook on life, they realize their perceptions about black and white, dogmatic thinking have changed.
Notes
External links
Documentary films about Mormonism
2003 documentary films
2003 films
Modi'in Illit (; , lit. "Upper Modi'in") is a Haredi Israeli settlement and city in the West Bank, situated midway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. Modi'in Illit was granted city status by the Israeli government in 2008. It is located six kilometres () northeast of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut and is often referred to as Kiryat Sefer (lit. "Book Town"), the name of its first neighborhood, established in 1994. It was built on the land of five Palestinian villages: Ni'lin, Kharbata, Saffa, Bil'in and Dir Qadis. Modi'in Illit encompasses the neighborhoods of Kiryat Sefer and Achuzat Brachfeld (Brachfeld Estates). In it had a total population of , making it the largest Jewish settlement in the area.
The international community considers Israeli settlements illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
History
A place named Kiryat Sefer (also called Dvir) is mentioned several times in the Book of Joshua and in the Book of Judges. However, this place is situated south of Hebron, and the Israeli Governmental names committee rejected calling the town Kiryat Sefer as was proposed initially, electing the name Modi'in Illit.
According to ARIJ the settlement was built on the land confiscated from several Palestinian villages:
1818 dunams from Deir Qaddis,
891 dunams from Bil'in,
833 dunams from Kharbatha Bani Harith,
384 dunams from Ni'lin.
The barrier surrounding the city divides the nearby village of Bil'in from most of its olive groves and other agricultural land and is the subject of the documentary Five Broken Cameras. The homes in Kiryat Sefer were completed in 1994, and the local council of Modi'in Illit was given city status on March 7, 2008. In keeping with its name, which means "Book Town," most of Kiryat Sefer's streets are named after a landmark sefer (book) written by Gedolei Yisrael. These include: Chofetz Chaim, Noda BiYehuda, Meshech Chochma, Avnei Nezer and Sdei Chemed.
Geography and climate
Situated in the West Bank, north of Modi'in, Modi'in Illit lies from the Green Line, and from the 443 highway. Located in the foothills of the Judean Mountains 286 meters (938 feet) above sea level, Modi'in Illit has mild winters and hot, dry summers with temperatures averaging during the day. Modi'in Illit's immediate neighbors are moshav Matityahu, Lapid, and Hashmonaim.
Archaeology
An archaeological site now known as Khirbet Badd ‘Isa was discovered during a salvage dig by the archaeology department of the Civil Administration in Modi'in Illit in 1994. First protested by the Haredi community, the excavations eventually revealed what is believed to have been a farming village from the Second Temple period with a synagogue in the center, a ritual bath, homes and large public and private buildings, a winepress, as well as a collection of 145 Roman coins from the first century CE. Khirbet Badd ‘Isa was designated "a heritage site for the Haredi public" in 2011, and the Israeli government contributed NIS 3 million to develop the site, with another NIS 1 million reportedly coming from the Civil Administration. According to Mod'in Illit's Mayor Yaakov Gutterman of the Degel HaTorah party, the site "will operate according to the doctrines of our forefathers, according to the Jewish historical sources presented by the Bible, the Gemara and ancient Jewish sages only [and] will be open only to the Haredi public, which will keep it a proper place for them to visit and connect to their Jewish roots, without the distortions and disruptions of other places, where there is fear of hearing false opinions."
Demographics
According to the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), as of the end of 2009, the city had a total population of 46,200, making it the largest Israeli settlement in the West Bank. The city had an annual growth rate of 13.2 percent in 2009, due to new home construction and natural population growth. An estimated 80 percent of the population is under age 30, and in 2006 the city's median age stood at 10, the lowest of all Israeli municipalities.
Education
Modi'in Illit has 30 elementary schools and 20 secondary schools (seminaries and yeshivas). Achuzat Brachfeld (Brachfeld Estates) is home to the Mir Brachfeld branch of the famous Mir Yeshiva.
The city is home to many commercial enterprises. Because of its sizable English-speaking immigrant population, it has become a center for outsourcing by American companies. There are approximately 80 synagogues. A significant number of men study the Torah full-time.
Local government
Yaakov Gutterman of the Degel HaTorah party, a rabbi, is the town's mayor. The first head of council of Modi'in Illit was Yosef Schwinger, appointed by the Ministry of the Interior. Yaakov Gutterman replaced them in 2002, and has been reinstated twice when they ran for election uncontested.
The Chief Rabbi and head of Rabbinical Court of Modi'in Illit is Rabbi Meir Kessler.
Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Legal status of the settlement
The international community considers Israeli settlements to violate the Fourth Geneva Convention's prohibition on the transfer of an occupying power's civilian population into occupied territory and are as such illegal under customary international law. Israel disputes that the Fourth Geneva Convention applies to the Palestinian territories as they had not been legally held by a sovereign prior to Israel taking control of them. This view has been rejected by the International Court of Justice and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Modi'in Illit was granted city status in 2008, by Aluf Gadi Shamni. The Israeli NGO B'Tselem appealed the decision to the Ministry of Interior. B'Tselem claimed that the upgrading of Modi'in Illit's status to that of a municipality was of concern because the land on which Mod'in Illit was built was declared state land through a manipulative application of Ottoman Law, resulting in the confiscation of lands belonging to neighbouring Palestinian villages. B'Tselem also stated that the upgraded status would lead to an increase of the settler population of Modi'in Illit, and thus the change in status would be illegal. For these reasons, B'Tselem expressed "vehement opposition" to the change of status. In connection with separate allegations that the city has allowed illegal construction to take place, the Israel Defense Forces told Israel's Interior Ministry in May 2008 that Modi'in Illit was "in a state of lawlessness."
Israel's West Bank Barrier passes just east of Modi'in Illit. The barrier's section in this area was built to separate the Modi'in bloc settlements of Mattityahu, Modi'in Illit and Hashmona'im from the Palestinian villages of Bil'in and others. The Israeli government believes that Modi'in Illit would remain within Israeli jurisdiction in a final-status agreement with the Palestinians.
Attack on residents
On the morning of 29 December 2008, a Palestinian worker who had worked in the settlement of Modi'in Illit for more than a decade attacked four Jewish Israelis, leaving one victim seriously and three others lightly wounded. They first stabbed two people for whom they were carrying out renovations in a private home on Rehov Yehuda Hanassi, wounding them lightly, and then stabbed and seriously wounded their Israeli employer who was overseeing the work. After stabbing a fourth person at a different location, they were shot and seriously wounded by a settlement security official and Magen David Adom volunteer as they attempted to flee out of the settlement. Reportedly, the assailant had been very friendly with Israelis for years. According to an Israel Police spokesperson, the stabbing was a "spontaneous" act in response to the aerial offensive on the Gaza Strip Israel had started two days earlier.
See also
Aryeh Finkel
Yishai Schlissel
References
External links
Unsettled - In West Bank Settlements, Sign of Hope for a Deal - New York Times (July 2009)
Religious Israeli settlements
Cities in the West Bank
Populated places established in 1994
1994 establishments in Israel
Israeli settlements in the West Bank
Floyd County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. Its county seat is New Albany. Floyd County has the second-smallest land area in the entire state. It was formed in the year 1819 from neighboring Clark, and Harrison counties.
Floyd County is part of the Louisville/Jefferson County, KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Floyd County, originally the Shawnee Indians hunting ground, was conquered for the United States by George Rogers Clark during the American Revolutionary War from the British. They were awarded large tracts of land in Indiana, including almost all present-day Floyd County. Clark sold land to the settlers who began arriving as soon as peace returned.
In 1818, New Albany was large enough to become a county seat and form a new county. New Albany leaders sent Nathaniel Scribner and John K. Graham to the capital at Corydon to petition the General Assembly. Legislation was passed on January 2, 1819, by the General Assembly, and the county was established on February 1. The origin of the county's name is debated. According to the State Library, it was named for John Floyd, a leading Jefferson County, Kentucky pioneer and uncle of Davis Floyd. John Floyd was killed in 1783 when their party was attacked by Indians in Bullitt County, Kentucky. However, some maintain the county was actually named for Davis Floyd, who was convicted of aiding Aaron Burr in the treason of 1809. Davis Floyd had also been a leading local political figure and was the county's first circuit court judge.
In 1814, New Albany was platted and was established as the county seat on March 4, 1819. There was an attempt in 1823 to move the county seat, but the motion failed. New Albany would be the largest city in the state for much of the early 19th century, eventually being overtaken by Indianapolis during the Civil War.
Between 1800 and 1860, Floyd County experienced a huge boom in population (doubling many times over). A survey in the 1850s found that over half of Indiana's population that made more than $100,000 per year lived in Floyd County, establishing it as having the richest population in the state.
The Duncan Tunnel, the longest tunnel in Indiana, was built in Floyd County in 1881 between New Albany and Edwardsville. Because no route over the Floyds Knobs was suitable for a railroad line, civil engineers decided to tunnel through them. The project was originally started by the Air Line but was completed by Southern Railway. It took five years to bore at a cost of $1 million. The Tunnel is long.
Floyd County, during the 19th century, attracted immigrants of Irish, German, French and African American origins. The French settlers located mostly in Floyds Knobs, Indiana. The Irish began arriving in 1817 and settled in large numbers between 1830 and 1850. German immigrants settled mostly in New Albany. By 1850, about one in six county residents had been born in other countries. Mount Saint Francis, a multi-purpose complex owned and administered by the Conventual Franciscan Friars of the Province of Our Lady of Consolation, is located in Floyds Knobs along Highway 150. The property includes 400 acres of woods and Mount Saint Francis Lake, both which are open to the public. Numerous hiking trails meander through the woods and fields containing native prairie grasses. No hunting is allowed on the property.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.32%) is land and (or 0.68%) is water. It is the second smallest county in area, behind only Ohio County, although significantly more populated.
City
New Albany
Towns
Georgetown
Greenville
Census-designated place
Galena
Townships
Floyd County is divided into five townships:
Franklin
Georgetown
Greenville
Lafayette
New Albany
Geographical features
The Knobs Unit, which includes Floyd County, contains some of the hilliest country in Indiana. As a result, the area supports trees that prefer very dry sites and ridgetops, as well as those that prefer very wet sites, ravines, or “bottomland.” Tree types unique to the unit include blackjack oak and swamp tupelo. Part of the unit stands on sandstone bedrock; other areas developed over limestone. This difference accommodates a variety of trees and their associated flowering plants and shrubs. Trees found in Floyd County include the Sycamore, Flowering Dogwood, Virginia Pine, Easter Redcedar, American Beech, Sugar Maple, American Elm and Chestnut Oak. The lowest point in the county is the shore of the Ohio River near New Albany at an elevation of .
Major highways
Interstate 64
Interstate 265
U.S. Route 150
Indiana State Road 11
Indiana State Road 62
Indiana State Road 64
Indiana State Road 111
Indiana State Road 335
Adjacent counties
Clark County (northeast)
Jefferson County, Kentucky (south, across the Ohio River)
Harrison County (west)
Washington County (northwest)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in New Albany have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July. The record low temperature was , recorded in January, 1994, and a record high was , recorded in July, 1936. On July 4, 2012, the record for highest temperature in the county was almost broken; the temperature reached 106 °F (41 °C). Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October of last year to in May of last year.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Floyd county is divided into 44 precincts which are organized into four districts, each district elects one representative to the council. Three other members are elected to the county at large. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: Floyd County's court system consists of a Circuit Court, three Superior Courts and a Magistrate Court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Floyd County has nine public parks within the county, the largest being the 104-acre Sam Peden Community Park in New Albany.
Floyd County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Trey Hollingsworth It is also part of Indiana Senate district 46 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 70 and 72.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 74,578 people, 29,479 households, and 20,264 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 31,968 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.4% white, 5.2% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.2% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.4% were German, 15.0% were Irish, 11.0% were English, and 10.6% were American.
Of the 29,479 households, 33.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.3% were non-families, and 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 39.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $63,139. Males had a median income of $45,699 versus $33,749 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,971. About 8.2% of families and 10.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.6% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
Education
New Albany-Floyd County Consolidated School Corporation serves the county. New Albany High School was the first public high school in the state, opening its doors in 1853. The school system has two high schools, New Albany High School and Floyd Central High School, nine elementary schools and three middle schools. The district's enrollment totals approximately 12,000 students in pre-kindergarten through high school programs. The district employs more than 1,200 full-time personnel, which includes approximately 750 teachers, and 375 part-time personnel, according to the 2017 NA-FC website.
All Floyd County residents are eligible to obtain a library card at the New Albany-Floyd County Public Library in New Albany.
Gallery
See also
Indiana University Southeast
List of public art in Floyd County, Indiana
Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Floyd County, Indiana
External links
County website
Clark-Floyd counties tourism bureau
References
Indiana counties
1819 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1819
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Louisville metropolitan area
Theon of Antioch (Ancient Greek: Θέων, romanized: Theōn) was an ancient Greek Stoic philosopher during 1st century CE. They were from Antioch in Cilicia (modern Turkey).
Little is known about Theon.  They are mentioned in Suda as a Stoic who wrote Socrates' defense speech, although they must have lived significantly after Socrates and Plato.
References
Ancient Greek philosophers
Robert Somercotes (sometimes Somercote) (died 26 September 1241) was an English Cardinal. They took part in the Papal conclave, 1241, but died during it. It was rumoured at the time that they were papabile and was poisoned, to prevent their election.
They were named as cardinal of the church of San Eustachio in 1239 by Pope Gregory IX. They were buried at the church of San Crisogono in Rome.
Notes
External links
Biography
12th-century births
1241 deaths
13th-century English cardinals
Year of birth unknown
Vishu Bhatnagar better known by their stage name Kumar Vishu is an Indian devotional playback singer whose songs have been featured primarily in Hindi devotional movies and television serials. They have sung more than 200 devotional albums with the leading singers of India and major records labels of India including T-Series, HMV, Venus, Sonotek & KVC music, Saregama and other record labels.
Vishu has received President Award, Cinema Century Award and others. They have also sung in several languages including Punjabi, Rajasthani and other Indian languages and was signed by the T-series for seven years.
Biography
Vishu is known for a melodious style of singing bhajans, devotional music, Ghazals and Sundarkaand recital. Their album Ramayan ki Choupaiyan and Pyaase ko paani pilaya nahi with T-Series has been the best seller in the devotional album category. Some of their major songs include Kabhi Pyase Ko Paani Pilaya Nahi, Khazaana Maiya Ka, Ghar Ghar Main Hai Raavan Baitha, Udd Ja Hans Akela, Kabir Amrit Vaani, Hanuman Gatha, Karmo Ki Hai Maaya and others.
They have given several stage performances in India and abroad, has emerged as a popular devotional singer. Apart from their singing, they have also founded a singing and instrumental training institute.
Selected bhajans
Solo albums
Albums
Accolades
President Award
Cinema Century Award
Rajdhani Ratan
Bhajan Samraat
Bhakt Shiromani
References
External links
Bhajan singers
Living people
Bollywood playback singers
Indian male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Roy Boyd (born 18 August 1938) is an English actor best known for their roles on television between 1963 and 2010.
Their TV credits include The Saint, Counterstrike, The Borderers, Codename, Colditz, The Zoo Gang, The Sweeney, Warship, Doctor Who (in the serial The Hand of Fear), Survivors, The New Avengers, Space: 1999, The Professionals, Secret Army, Van der Valk, Blake's 7, Minder, Dempsey and Makepeace, The Bill, Heartbeat and New Tricks. Their film credits include appearances in The Wicker Man (1973), The Omen (1976), A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square (1979), Biggles (1986) and Asylum (2005). In 1990, they portrayed the elderly Lord Drinian in the BBC adaptation of The Silver Chair, the final instalment of the BBC's adaptation of the Narnia books.
Personal life
They married Fatma Zohra Sadou and has three children.
Partial filmography
The Saint and the Fiction Makers (1968) - McCord
Wolfshead: The Legend of Robin Hood (1969) - Geoffrey of Doncaster
Twins of Evil (1971) - Dying Man (uncredited)
The Wicker Man (1973) - Broome
The Omen (1976) - Reporter
A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square (1979) - Security Guard
The Year of the Bodyguard (1982) - 'Captain' in Androcles
Tuxedo Warrior (1982) - Chief Inspector Andy
Biggles (1986) - German N.C.O
Asylum (2005) - Trevor Wiliams
External links
1938 births
Living people
English male film actors
English male television actors
People from Croydon
Gu Cheng (; September 24, 1956 – October 8, 1993) was a famous Chinese modern poet, essayist and novelist. They were a prominent member of the "Misty Poets", a group of Chinese modernist poets.
Biography
Gu Cheng was born in Beijing on 24 September 1956. They were the son of a prominent party member and the army poet Gu Gong. At the age of twelve, their family was sent to rural Shandong because of the Cultural Revolution (as means of re-education) where they bred pigs. There, they claimed to have learned poetry directly from nature.
In the late 1970s, Gu became associated with the journal Today (Jintian) which began a movement in poetry known as "menglong" 朦胧 meaning "hazy", "obscure". They became an international celebrity and travelled around the world accompanied by their wife, Xie Ye. The two settled in Rocky Bay, a small village on Waiheke Island, Auckland, New Zealand in 1987. Gu taught Chinese at the University of Auckland in the City of Auckland.
In October 1993, Gu Cheng attacked their wife with an axe before hanging himself. They died later on the way to a hospital. The story of their death was widely covered in the Chinese media.
"A Generation"
The two-line poem titled "A Generation" ("一代人") was perhaps Gu Cheng's most famous contribution to contemporary Chinese literature. It had been considered an accurate representation of the younger generation during the Chinese Cultural Revolution seeking knowledge and future.
(translated by Juan Yuchi)
The darkest night gave me dark-colored eyes
Yet with them I'm seeking light
黑夜给了我黑色的眼睛
我却用它寻找光明
Legacy
Gu Cheng's life was dramatised in the 1998 film The Poet (), which focussed on their recurrent depression and the murder of their wife.
References
Further reading
Chinese Writers on Writing featuring Gu Cheng. Ed. Arthur Sze. (Trinity University Press, 2010).
Sea of Dreams: Selected Writings of Gu Cheng translated and edited by Joseph Allen. (New Directions: 2005)
Selected Poems by Gu Cheng edited by Seán Golden and Chu Chiyu. (Renditions Paperbacks, 1990)
Poemas oscuros: Antología de Gu Cheng, traducido del chino por Javier Martín Ríos; revisión al español de Sun Xintang. (China Intercontinental Press: 2014).
External links
Dead in Exile: The Life and Death of Gu Cheng and Xie Ye by Anne-Marie Brady. A personal account and review of several books about Gu Cheng and Xie Ye's last days.
Gu Cheng's Fortress official website by a small group of people who studied Gu Cheng's work.
Prólogo al libro Cuatro Poetas Suicidas Chinos (Cinosargo 2013- Trad. Wilfredo Carrizales)
Crítica de Leonardo Sanhueza al libro Cuatro Poetas Suicidas Chinos (Cinosargo 2013)
Crítica de Alberto Hernández al libro Cuatro Poetas Suicidas Chinos (Cinosargo 2013) en Letralia
1956 births
1993 suicides
Poets from Beijing
Suicides by hanging in New Zealand
Chinese emigrants to New Zealand
People from Waiheke Island
Misty poets
20th-century poets
Kasper Dolberg Rasmussen (; born 6 October 1997) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a forward for La Liga club Sevilla, on loan from Ligue 1 club Nice, and the Denmark national team.
Dolberg made their senior debut at Silkeborg IF in May 2015. They joined Ajax in July 2015 and made their debut for the club in July 2016. They represented Denmark at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-21 level before making their senior international debut in November 2016.
In May 2020, Dolberg was voted as player of the year by the fans of their club OGC Nice. While at Ajax, they were named Dutch Football Talent of the year after their first season in the Eredivisie in 2017.
Club career
Silkeborg IF
On 17 May 2015, they made their senior debut for Silkeborg IF in a Danish Superliga game against Brøndby IF, replacing Adeola Lanre Runsewe after 63 minutes in a 0-2 loss.
Ajax
On 5 January 2015, Ajax announced that 17-year-old Dolberg would join from Silkeborg IF in the summer, signing a three-year contract valid from summer 2015 until summer 2018. They had been spotted by Danish scout John Steen Olsen, the same scout who discovered players such as Zlatan Ibrahimović, Viktor Fischer, and Christian Eriksen for the Dutch capital club. On 13 May 2016, Dolberg agreed to have their contract extended until 2021.
On 26 July 2016, Dolberg scored their first goal in European competition on their competitive debut for Ajax, in a 1–1 Champions League qualification match against PAOK. They made their Eredivisie debut for the club on 7 August 2016 in a match against Sparta Rotterdam, coming on as a substitute for Mateo Cassierra. The following week they were in the starting line-up for the league match against Roda JC and they scored both of Ajax' goals in the 2–2 draw, their first goals in the Eredivisie. On 29 September 2016, Dolberg scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory over Standard Liège in a Europa League match. They scored another goal in their first 'Klassieker' against Ajax' great rival Feyenoord on 23 October 2016, securing a 1–1 draw away in Rotterdam. On 20 November 2016, they scored a first-half hat-trick in an Eredivisie match against NEC. This made them the youngest non-Dutch player ever to score a hattrick for Ajax. On 9 March 2017, Dolberg scored the equalizer in what ended in a 2–1 loss to F.C. Copenhagen in the round of 16 of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League campaign, thus ending a club record eight-month period in which Copenhagen had not conceded any goals at their home ground at Parken Stadium since 20 August 2016.
OGC Nice
Dolberg signed for Nice in Ligue 1 on 29 August 2019 for a fee of 20.5 million euros. They finished their first season in France as the club's top scorer with 11 goals and was named the club's player of the season, as Nice finished in fifth place, securing a spot in the group stage for next season's UEFA Europa League.
Dolberg started the 2020–21 season with a brace on 29 August 2020 against Strasbourg, securing their team a 2–0 away win.
International career
In November 2016, Dolberg received their first call-up to the senior Denmark squad for matches against Kazakhstan and Czech Republic. On 11 November 2016, they made their senior international debut, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 4–1 victory for Denmark over Kazakhstan. On 10 June 2017, in a 1–3 away win against Kazakhstan in the qualifiers for the 2018 World Cup, they came on as a substitute for Yussuf Poulsen after 68 minutes and scored their first international goal in the 81st minute.
In June 2018 they were named in Denmark's squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
In May 2021, they were selected in the final 26-man squad for the postponed UEFA Euro 2020 tournament. Dolberg made their first start in the tournament, replacing the injured Yussuf Poulsen, in Denmark's round of 16 ties against Wales on 26 June and scored twice in a 4–0 win. They scored their third goal of the tournament in the quarter-finals against the Czech Republic after a spectacular cross from Joakim Mæhle.
Personal life
On 16 September 2019, Dolberg reported to the police that their luxury watch at an estimated value of €70,000 was stolen. Following a police investigation, in which the police recovered a surveillance video showing the culprit stealing the watch, their teammate Lamine Diaby-Fadiga confessed to the crime ten days later. Diaby was later sacked by the club.
On 8 November 2021, Dolberg announced that they had been diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes.
Career statistics
Club
International
As of match played 25 September 2022. Denmark score listed first, score column indicates score after each Dolberg goal.
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2018–19
KNVB Cup: 2018–19
Johan Cruyff Shield: 2019
UEFA Europa League runner-up: 2016–17
Nice
Coupe de France runner-up: 2021–22
Individual
Danish Talent of the Year: 2016
Ajax Talent of the Year (Marco van Basten Award): 2017
Johan Cruyff Trophy: 2016–17
OGC Nice Player of the Season: 2019–20
References
External links
Kasper Dolberg at the Danish Football Association
1997 births
Living people
People from Silkeborg
Association football forwards
Danish footballers
Denmark international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Silkeborg IF players
AFC Ajax players
OGC Nice players
Danish Superliga players
Eredivisie players
Ligue 1 players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Danish expatriate footballers
Danish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Danish expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Withrow Hall is a dormitory and former gymnasium at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. Under the name Withrow Court, the men's gymnasium was constructed in 1932 and was Miami's main athletic facility until the construction of Millett Hall in 1968. The building was repurposed as a dormitory in 2016, opening to students in the fall of 2018 under the new name of Withrow Hall. The building also housed the University Archives until its merger with the main library in 2016.
History
Withrow Court was built in 1931 at a cost of approximately $300,000 from the state of Ohio. It was designated be the men's gymnasium and assembly hall, and was the main basketball arena for the university. It used to be the Main Varsity Basketball Arena. The building was dedicated on February 13, 1932 in memory of Dr. John M. Withrow, a trustee for Miami University for 46 years from 1885 until their death in Cincinnati on May 14, 1931. They were a Miami student from 1870 to 1873, and returned after earning their M.D. to teach gynecology. Withrow Court was used as the main gymnasium until Millett Hall was built in 1968. It was also home to the University Archives, which merged in 2016 with the Walter Havighurst Special Collections in King Library. The gym closed in 2016 and was repurposed and renovated as a first and second-year dormitory under the current name, which opened in the fall of 2018.
Facilities
Withrow Court dedication took place in Oxford on February 13, 1932. The main gymnasium was 175 by 88 and could be divided into 3 full size courts for intramural sports or competitions, with the ability to add temporary bleachers.
The main gym consisted of three basketball/volley courts. The South Gym was the indoor tennis court and the North Gym was the gymnastic studio. There were two aerobics/combative rooms, along with eight racquetball courts, two squash courts, and two classrooms. There was balcony seating in the gyms and there were men's and women's locker rooms. The first floor of the gymnasium consists of the locker and shower rooms, the varsity, visiting and first-year student team rooms, faculty and officials locker and dressing rooms, store rooms, four handball courts and two squash courts. There was also a small gymnasium used for boxing, wrestling, and fencing. The first floor also had two large classrooms and staff offices.
There was a second dedication of the building on April 6, 1966. This dedication was to show that Miami was changing their gymnasium for the better, to expand it. There were wings added onto the north, south and east ends of the building. This was in the original plans of Withrow Court, but obviously had to be spread over time.
References
Buildings and structures in Butler County, Ohio
Miami University
Miami RedHawks men's basketball
Buildings and structures of Miami University
Marco Mengoni Live is the second live album by Italian recording artist Marco Mengoni, released on 25 November 2016 and also featuring 5 previously unreleased studio tracks.
The album was preceded by the single "Sai che", released on 14 October 2016.
Marco Mengoni Live is the last chapter of Mengoni's project Parole in circolo, which also included the studio albums Parole in circolo and Le cose che non ho, both released in 2015.
The album debuted at number one on the Italian Albums Chart, and it was later certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Marco Mengoni Live at Allmusic
2016 live albums
Marco Mengoni albums
Italian-language live albums
Beheshti (, also Romanized as Beheshtī; also known as Behesht-e Zahrā) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,569, in 2,262 families. Behesht-e Zahra cemetery is located nearby.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Donet Dominic Graves, Jr. is an American political advisor and government official who is the current Deputy Secretary of Commerce in the Biden Administration. Graves formerly led the Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot and served in multiple roles within the Obama Administration, including as an advisor to then-Vice President Joe Biden.
Early life and education
Graves grew up on the East Side of Cleveland, Ohio. Graves earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and history from Williams College and a Juris Doctor from the Georgetown University Law Center.
Career
From 1995 to 1997, Graves was the vice president and Washington, D.C. office director of New Equality. From 1997 to 1999, Graves was a policy advisor in the United States Department of the Treasury. From 1999 to 2005, they were the policy director of Business Roundtable. They were a founding partner at Graves & Horton, LLC, a legal services firm.
During the presidency of Barack Obama, Graves served as the executive director of the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness and led the federal government's efforts in the economic recovery of the city of Detroit. After the council disbanded, Graves served as Counselor and Domestic and Economic Policy Director to Vice President Joe Biden.
Graves also served as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Small Business, Community Development, and Housing Policy at the Department of the Treasury, where they oversaw the CDFI Fund, the $4 billion Small Business Lending Fund, and the $1.5 billion State Small Business Credit Initiative. They were also the U.S. Federal Representative to the G7 Task Force on Social Impact Investment.
In 2016, Biden chose Graves to lead the Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot. After the Obama administration, Graves worked as the head of corporate responsibility and community relations and senior director of corporate community initiatives and relations at KeyBank.
Deputy Secretary of Commerce
In January 2021, President-elect Biden announced that they will nominate Graves to be United States Deputy Secretary of Commerce. Graves was confirmed by the US Senate by a vote of 89–7 on May 13, 2021. They were sworn in the next day.
References
External links
Living people
United States Deputy Secretaries of Commerce
Biden administration personnel
Obama administration personnel
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Williams College alumni
African-American government officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tarang, also known as O'Keefe's Island is a small island in the main harbor of Yap Island in the Federated States of Micronesia. It is located roughly in the center of the harbor east of Colonia, the Yapese capital, between Pekel and Bi Islands. It is a low island with a maximum height of about , and is overgrown with tropical vegetation. The island has local historical importance as the home of Captain David O'Keefe, an enterprising American who arrived on Yap in the 1870s, and was responsible for not only significant economic growth, but also for the depreciation of the distinctive Yapese currency, the large rai stones which became devalued after O'Keefe introduced iron tools that made manufacture of the stones easier. O'Keefe settled on Tarang, where they had a boat landing, coal warehouse, and house. Of these structures, only the boat landing has survived; only foundations survive of the others.
The island was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976, a time when Yap was part of the US-administered Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
References
Islands of Yap
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in the Federated States of Micronesia
Spacechase is a fixed shooter for the Atari 2600 written by Ed Salvo and published by Games by Apollo in 1981.
Gameplay
In orbit of an unnamed "moon," the player uses a Starcruiser to destroy formations of alien enemy raiders that attack from above. The lunar surface rotates in the background, but has no effect on gameplay. The player's ship can maneuver in eight directions within the lower third of the game screen. As the game advances, the aliens attacks begin to include "Lazer-Directed Heat-Seeking Proton Missiles".
The game features single and two-player games, with the latter having players alternate turns. The game can be handicapped for each player by setting the Atari's Difficulty Switch. In the "A" position the player's shots are slower than when the switch is in the "B" position.
Reception
Spacechase became Apollo's best selling title. Apollo also marketed Spacechase with an offer to make customized or "monogrammed" versions of Spacechase. Less than 10 were sold, and several were given to press including Electronic Games magazine co-founder Arnie Katz.
PM Magazine visited Apollo's offices to film a segment on Apollo and Spacechase, with Leeza Gibbons doing the interview. The segment included programmer Ed Salvo making a customized Spacechase for Gibbons, changing three shapes in the explosion graphic to their initials. When their ship was destroyed, Leeza's initials appeared.
Reviews
The Atari Times, reviewed by Ethan C. Nobles, gave it a 75% rating.
neXGam (German), reviewed by Michael Tausendpfund, gave it a 63% rating.
References
External links
Spacechase at Atari Mania
1981 video games
Atari 2600 games
Atari 2600-only games
Fixed shooters
Games by Apollo
Video games developed in the United States
This is a list of people who have served as mayor or president of the city council of the city of Osijek, in Croatia.
Sources
Osijek
Mayors Of Osijek
Barbara J. Easterling (born 1943) is an American former labor unionist.
Easterling grew up in Akron, Ohio, becoming a telephone operator at Ohio Bell, and also joining the Communication Workers of America (CWA). They became a flight attendant of their local, then its secretary and finally its vice-president.
In 1970, Easterling was appointed by John J. Gilligan as secretary of the Ohio Labor Division, in which role they drafted laws to protect women's rights at work, and restrict child labor. They stood down in 1973 to work full-time for the CWA, and in 1980 became assistant to its president, Glenn Watts. They were later elected as an executive vice-president of the union, and in 1992 as its secretary-treasurer.
In 1995, Easterling served as secretary-treasurer of the American Federation of Labor, the first woman to hold the post. However, before the end of the year, they returned to their role at the CWA. They also became president of the World Women's Committee of the Union Network International, and as a member of the Democratic National Committee.
Easterling retired from their union posts in 2008. In 2009, they were elected as president of the Alliance for Retired Americans.
References
1943 births
Living people
American trade union leaders
People from Akron, Ohio
Jessica Bäckman (born 25 August 1997) is a Swedish racing driver currently competing in the ADAC TCR Germany.  They are the sister of fellow racing driver Andreas Bäckman.
Career
Bäckman started their motorsport career in kart racing in 2006. They mainly competed in championships in Sweden, including third place in both the North Swedish and National Championships in 2009. In 2012, they competed in international championships for the first time; they were the best placed woman in the world championship and fifth in the European championship. They also became national champion in the Junior class that year. In 2013, 2014 and 2015, they won races in the Belgian championship. In addition, in 2014, they finished second in the Swedish KF2 Championship and eighth in the German KF2 Championship. In 2016, they finished third in the overall Belgian championship and won the Swedish 125 championship.
In 2017, Bäckman made their debut in the FIA World Rallycross Championship and finished fourteenth in the RX2 class of the event in Norway. They also won the Swedish 125 Championship again and was the best woman in the Karting World Championship. In 2018, they moved into track racing with their entry into the TCR UK Touring Car Championship, competing alongside their brother for the WestCoast Racing team in a Volkswagen Golf GTI TCR. They took a podium place at Brands Hatch and was fourth in the final standings with 300 points. They also drove for WestCoast in five of the six race weekends of the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship. In this series, they had a more difficult season with a twelfth place on the Falkenbergs Motorbana as the best classification, so that they finished winless in eighteenth in the standings. At the end of the year, they competed in the final weekend of the TCR Europe Touring Car Series at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, finishing the races in 15th and 14th place.
In 2019, Bäckman competed in the full season of TCR Europe with the Target Competition team in a Hyundai i30 N TCR, again as their brother's teammate. They achieved a podium finish at the Hockenheimring and thus became nineteenth in the final standings with 70 points. They also drove in the ADAC TCR Germany Touring Car Championship as a guest driver during the race weekends at Autodrom Most and the Nürburgring. At Most, they only finished thirteenth and one dropout, while they finished seventh and second at the Nürburgring. They also took part in the race weekend at the STCC's Anderstorp Raceway, finishing seventh and third. At the end of the year they competed in the FIA Motorsport Games, finishing seventh in both races in the touring car class for their national team, thus finishing sixth overall.
In 2020, Bäckman achieved their best result in the TCR Europe with seventh place at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza, placing them in eighteenth place in the final standings with 60 points. In addition, they again took part in the race weekend at the Nürburgring of the ADAC TCR Germany as a guest driver. This time, they had to retire in the first race, but finished sixth in the second.
In 2021, Bäckman moved to the World Touring Car Cup, in which they will compete alongside their brother for Target Competition in a Hyundai Elantra N TCR.
Racing record
Career summary
† As Bäckman was a guest driver, they were ineligible to score points.
Complete TCR Europe Touring Car Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Driver did not finish, but was classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
Complete World Touring Car Cup results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
People from Boden Municipality
Swedish female racing drivers
World Touring Car Cup drivers
FIA Motorsport Games drivers
Sportspeople from Norrbotten County
Swedish racing drivers
Female racing drivers
Karting World Championship drivers
World Rallycross Championship drivers
Risoba rothei is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
Eucalyptus purpurata, commonly known as the Bandalup silver mallet, is a species of mallet that is endemic to a small area in the southwest of Western Australia. It has smooth, silvery bark, glossy dark green, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of between seven and eleven, creamy white flowers and shortened spherical fruit.
Description
Eucalyptus purpurata is a mallet that typically grows to a height of but does not form a lignotuber. It has smooth, silvery grey bark that is shed in strips to reveal cream-coloured new bark. Adult leaves are the same shade of glossy dark green on both sides, lance-shaped, long and wide tapering to a petiole long. The flower buds are arranged in leaf axils in groups of seven, nine or eleven on an unbranched peduncle long, the individual buds on pedicels long. Mature buds are oblong, long and wide with a conical operculum and shallow ribs on the floral cup. Flowering has been recorded in November and the flowers are creamy white. The fruit is a woody, shortened spherical capsule that is long, wide with the valves protruding but fragile.
Taxonomy
Eucalyptus purpurata was first formally described in 2002 by Dean Nicolle in the journal Nuytsia from material collected Bandalup Hill near Ravensthorpe. The specific epithet (purpurata) is from the Latin purpuratus meaning "purple" referring to the purplish new growth of this mallet.
Distribution and habitat
The Bandalup silver mallet occurs in more or less pure stands but is only known from the type location where it grows in white powdery soil containing magnesite.
Conservation status
This eucalypt is classified as "Threatened Flora (Declared Rare Flora — Extant)" by the Department of Environment and Conservation (Western Australia) and as "critically endangered" on the IUCN Red List.
See also
List of Eucalyptus species
References
Eucalypts of Western Australia
purpurata
Myrtales of Australia
Plants described in 2002
Gorgas may refer to:
Gorgas Hospital, a hospital in Panama named after William C. Gorgas
USS General W. C. Gorgas (ID-1365), a United States Navy troop transport in commission in 1919
USAT General W. C. Gorgas (1902), a United States Army Transport in service from 1941 to 1945
Gorgas, Alabama
People with the surname
Josiah Gorgas (1818–1883), Confederate General and later President of the University of Alabama
Amelia Gayle Gorgas (1826–1913), librarian and postmistress of the University of Alabama; wife of Josiah
William C. Gorgas (1854–1920), United States Army officer and physician known for fighting tropical disease; son of Josiah and Amelia
See also
Gorgias (disambiguation)
was a Singapore-born Japanese business person, former president of Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries Co., head of the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (1993–2001) and second president of Nippon Kaigi (1998–2001). They were a graduate of Azabu High School and Tokyo Institute of Technology. They joined the Ishikawajima Shibaura Turbine Co. in 1946. In 1962, the company merged with Ishikawajima-Shibaura Seiki Co. and Shibaura Sewing Machine Co. and changed its name to its current one. Inaba rose through the ranks as board director, managing director and senior vice president before becoming president of the company in 1983 and chairperson in 1995. They were a recipient of the Order of the Rising Sun.
References
1924 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Japanese businesspeople
Tokyo Institute of Technology alumni
Azabu High School alumni
Grand Cordons of the Order of the Rising Sun
Members of Nippon Kaigi
Members of IHI Corporation
Singaporean emigrants to Japan
Bronwyn Taylor (known as Bronnie Taylor), an Australian politician, is the New South Wales Minister for Women, the Minister for Regional Health, and the Minister for Mental Health in the Perrottet ministry, since December 2021. Taylor has served as the Deputy Leader of the National Party in New South Wales since October 2021. They have been a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council since 2015, representing The Nationals.
Previously, Taylor was the Minister for Mental Health, Regional Youth and Women in the second Berejiklian ministry Before entering parliament, they served on the Cooma-Monaro Shire Council.
Background and early career
Taylor is the daughter of Ward Washington who died of pancreatic cancer. They studied nursing at the University of Sydney, and developed specialty in the field of both palliative care and oncology. They were one of the original Clinical Nurse Consultants appointed for the McGrath Foundation and then worked for NSW Health until June 2014. Them final nursing appointment before entering parliament was Director of Cancer Services for the Southern New South Wales Local Health District. Elected to Cooma-Monaro Shire Council in 2010, Taylor became Deputy Mayor in 2011 was nominated for a 2013 award to recognise the outstanding contributions and achievements of women in local government.
Political career
Taylor was elected a Member of the Legislative Council at the 2015 state election.
Taylor previously served on several standing committees, having been the Chair of the Standing Committee on Social issues, and previously sat on the Joint Select Committee of Companion Animal Breeding Practices in New South Wales. On 25 August 2016, Taylor was appointed to the position of Parliamentary Secretary for Southern NSW and Regional Communications. Following the 2019 state election, Taylor was appointed as the Minister for Mental Health, Regional Youth and Women in the second Berejiklian ministry with effect from 2 April 2019; and in December 2021, their portfolios were changed to Minister for Women, Minister for Regional Health, and Minister for Mental Health.
Personal life
Taylor is married to Duncan Taylor and together they have two daughters, Hannah and Holly. Taylor is the sister-in-law of Angus Taylor.
References
Living people
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
New South Wales local councillors
University of Sydney alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Australian politicians
Women members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Women local councillors in Australia
The Oude Stadion (Old Stadium), officially known as Het Nederlandsch Sportpark (The Dutch Sports Park), and colloquially known as the Stadion (until 1928), was a multi-purpose sports stadium located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. The stadium was built after the design by Harry Elte, with which they had won the contest for a national stadium in 1912.
The stadium was completed in 1914. For some time it was the only stadium with brick stands in the country. Prior to the construction of the Olympic Stadium used for the 1928 Summer Olympics, it was the primary stadium used for the city until the 1928 Games. This was to the fact that the stadium could not handle track running and track cycling events though it could accommodate football games, seating 29,000.
The addition of running lanes and a cycling track would have reduced the capacity to 17,000. Despite this, the old stadium did host some of the field hockey and football events for the 1928 Games.
The stadium was demolished in 1929 to make way for the projected housing, part of Hendrik Petrus Berlage's Plan Zuid. The area is still known as Stadionbuurt, after the Old Stadium.
References
1928 Summer Olympics official report. pp. 173–80.
Venues of the 1928 Summer Olympics
Defunct football venues in the Netherlands
Olympic field hockey venues
Sports venues in Amsterdam
Blauw-Wit Amsterdam
Sports venues completed in 1914
Sports venues demolished in 1929
Jared Landers (born May 1, 1982) is an American professional dirt and stock car racing driver. They currently compete in the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series, driving the No. 777 car for Double L Motorsports.
Racing career
Landers started racing when their father, a former racer, opened a car sales business. The business sponsored sprint car racer Tim Crawley, who built Landers a dirt go-kart. Landers stopped driving when they became an assistant of Crawley and Terrell Chastain, whom Landers' father's business also sponsored. When they turned 17, Landers returned to racing, driving a modified at Batesville Motor Speedway. open-wheel modifieds, Landers has over 100 wins in the discipline.
Landers later moved from Batesville, Arkansas to Welcome, North Carolina. In North Carolina, they became friends with NASCAR driver Clint Bowyer, who invited them to drive for their late model team. Landers also connected with NASCAR drivers Austin and Ty Dillon, building the brothers a dirt modified.
In 2011, Landers started competing in the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series, winning Rookie of the Year.
In 2013, Landers made their NASCAR debut in the Mudsummer Classic at Eldora Speedway, NASCAR's first dirt track race since 1970. While racing for Bowyer, Landers met former NASCAR driver Mark Martin, who assisted them in adjusting to a stock car for the Mudsummer Classic. Landers won their heat race after holding off Matt Crafton for the win; after starting second in the feature, they finished 12th. Landers later attempted the 2014 Mudsummer Classic but withdrew from the event.
Landers departed Clint Bowyer Racing after the 2014 season and moved back to Arkansas. However, they and Martin remained close and the two co-owned a team with Mark Martin Automotive sponsoring the cars. In 2015, the team hired Scott Bloomquist, who recorded over 550 feature victories, as Landers' teammate.
In July 2016, Landers was competing at Tri-City Speedway when their car flipped; the wreck tore their common carotid artery in their neck. They continued to race until it was discovered in mid-August.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Camping World Truck Series
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Batesville, Arkansas
NASCAR drivers
People from Welcome, North Carolina
Novoorzhytske (, ) is an urban-type settlement in Lubny Raion of Poltava Oblast in Ukraine. It is located on the Viazivets, a tributary of the Sliporid in the drainage basin of the Dnieper. Novoorzhytske hosts the administration of Novoorzhytske settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population:
Until 18 July 2020, Novoorzhytske belonged to Orzhytsia Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Poltava Oblast to four. The area of Orzhytsia Raion was merged into Lubny Raion.
Economy
Transportation
The closest railway station, about northeast, is Vyly, on the railway connecting Poltava and Kyiv via Hrebinka. There is some passenger traffic through the station.
The settlement has access to highway M03 connecting Kyiv and Kharkiv via Poltava.
References
Urban-type settlements in Poltava Oblast
Joseph Bandabla Dauda (24 December 1942 – 1 June 2017) widely known as J. B. Dauda, was a Sierra Leonean politician. They were Second Vice-President of Sierra Leone, Attorney-General and Minister of Justice from November 1991 to April 1992. Later they were Minister of Finance in 2002, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2010 to 2012, and Minister of Internal Affairs from 2013 to 2016.
Education
Dauda attended Fourah Bay College for undergraduate studies and earned a degree with honors in history from 1964 to 1967. They then moved to King's College London of the University of London from 1968 to 1969, where they also studied history.
Married to a medical doctor (Dr Ganda).
Politics
From 1972 to 1986, Dauda was engaged in a private legal practice. In the 1986 election, Dauda was elected to Parliament from Kenema, where they served until 1992. From April 1987 to 1988, they were Minister of State in the Office of the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, and from November 1988 to September 1991 they were Minister of Trade. They then served as Second Vice-President, Attorney-General and Minister of Justice from November 1991 to April 1992, at which point the government was overthrown in a military coup led by Valentine Strasser. Dauda returned to politics under President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah in 1999 as the Minister of Rural Development and Local Government, where they remained until June 2002, when they became Minister of Finance of Sierra Leone.
Dauda sought the leadership of the ruling Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) at its national convention in Makeni on September 3–4, 2005. They took fourth place, with 28 votes, behind Vice-President Solomon Berewa, who won 291 votes, Charles Margai, who won 34 votes, and Julius Maada Bio, who won 33 votes. Shortly afterward, on September 6, they were replaced as Finance Minister by John Oponjo Benjamin.
Death
Dauda died at a medical center in Accra, Ghana from an undisclosed long illness on the morning of 1 June 2017 at the age of 74.
References
1942 births
2017 deaths
Vice-presidents of Sierra Leone
Sierra Leonean economists
Finance ministers of Sierra Leone
Government ministers of Sierra Leone
Members of the Parliament of Sierra Leone
20th-century Sierra Leonean lawyers
Fourah Bay College alumni
Alumni of King's College London
Sierra Leone People's Party politicians
Attorneys-general of Sierra Leone
Foreign Ministers of Sierra Leone
People from Kenema District
IRENE (Image, Reconstruct, Erase Noise, Etc.) is a digital imaging technology designed to recover analog audio stored on fragile or deteriorating phonograph cylinders, records, and other grooved audio media. It is in use by several archives and preservation institutions in the United States seeking to preserve and digitize historical audio.
History
The technology was developed at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory by Carl Haber and Vitaliy Fadeyev and was announced in a publication of the Journal of the Audio Engineering Society in 2003. It grew out of Haber's research in particle physics; in the 1990s, they had worked on Higgs boson detection experiments, and realized that the cameras they were using to set the detectors could also be used for detailed imaging of grooved audio recordings. The name IRENE is a backronym of the phrase "Image, Reconstruct, Erase Noise, Etc.", and was chosen because the first audio recovered by the system was a recording of the song "Goodnight, Irene" by The Weavers. By 2005, Haber and Fadeyev had developed two-dimensional and three-dimensional machines, capable of recovering audio from vertically-cut and laterally-cut grooved media. Soon after, Haber and Fadeyev were contacted by the Library of Congress, which began operating its own machine in 2006. In 2013, Haber was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship to continue development of the system. , IRENE machines are operated by three institutions – Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, the Library of Congress, and the Northeast Document Conservation Center.
Design and operation
The IRENE system uses a high-powered confocal microscope that follows the groove path as the disc or cylinder (i.e. phonograph cylinder) rotates underneath it, thereby obtaining detailed images of the audio information. Depending on whether the groove is cut laterally, vertically, or in a V-shape, the system may make use of tracking lasers or different lighting strategies to make the groove visible to the camera. The resulting images are then processed with software that converts the movement of the groove into a digital audio file.
An advantage of the system over traditional stylus playback is that it is contactless, and so avoids damaging the audio carrier or wearing out the groove during playback. It also allows for the reconstruction of already broken or damaged media such as cracked cylinders or delaminating lacquer discs, which cannot be played with a stylus. Media played on machines which are no longer produced can also be recovered. Many skips or damaged areas can be reconstituted by IRENE without the noises that would be created by stylus playback. However, it can also result in the reproduction of more noise, as imperfections in the groove are also more finely captured than with a stylus.
Uses
The IRENE system has been used to recover audio such as:
The earliest recovered audio (1860), of Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville singing "Au clair de la lune"
Volta Laboratory recordings from the 1880s, including an 1885 recording of Alexander Graham Bell's voice
A set of cylinders for talking dolls issued by the Edison Company in 1890
Wax cylinder recordings from 1914–1916, documenting more than 78 Indigenous languages of the Americas, including some that are no longer spoken. They include the only known recordings of Ishi, the last survivor of the Yahi people. These were collected by anthropologist A.L. Kroeber and linguist Edward Sapir, and are held by the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology (formerly the anthropology museum of University of California, Berkeley)
Transcription discs from the Woody Guthrie Foundation
A transcription disc containing rare recordings of the Stanley Brothers
Disc recordings from the Woodberry Poetry Room at Harvard University, of poets (including T.S. Eliot, Marianne Moore, Robert Frost, Muriel Rukeyser, Ezra Pound, and Sylvia Plath) reading their own poems
See also
Laser turntable
VisualAudio
References
External links
IRENE website, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratories
American inventions
Audio engineering
Conservation and restoration of cultural heritage
Digital preservation
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Library of Congress
Heartleaf or heart leaf is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Hexastylis, a genus native to North America
Macaranga tanarius, a species native to southeast Asia and Australia
Moore House is a historic home located at Garrison in Putnam County, New York. It was built about 1860 and is a modest two family, -story frame farmworkers residence.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1860
Houses in Putnam County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Franciscan friary of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a friary of the Franciscan Province of Herzegovina in Široki Brijeg. The friary church was built in 1905 and the friary in 1846. A much older and smaller church was built in 1847 and was demolished in 1905, in order to be replaced by a larger church. The friary is the first Franciscan friary built in Herzegovina after the Ottomans destroyed all of the monasteries there in the 16th century.
History
Široki Brijeg was mentioned as a parish for the first time in 1599, under the name Blato. Since the late 18th century, the seat of the parish was in Čerigaj, a remote village. This was the case until 1849 when the Franciscans moved to the newly-built friary in Široki Brijeg.
Herzegovinian Franciscans, mostly from the friary in Kreševo, who took pastoral care over Herzegovina, decided to establish their own friary in Herzegovina in Široki Brijeg in 1840. Leaders of this initiative were Nikola Kordić, Anđeo Kraljević and Ilija Vidošević. At the time, Apostolic Vicar of Bosnia Rafael Barišić had an uneasy relationship with the Bosnian Franciscans. The Herzegovinian Franciscans established a contact with vizier of Herzegovina Ali Pasha Rizvanbegović, who in 1833 was granted by the Ottoman sultan their own eyalet created from the southern part of the eyalet of Bosnia — for their loyalty during the Bosnian uprising. The Franciscans believed they would build their own friary faster if the apostolic vicar came to Herzegovina.
The vicar of Čerigaj friar Ilija Vidošević wrote to Bishop Rafael about the idea of establishing a separate Herzegovinian apostolic vicariate, an idea also supported by Ali Pasha. In 1843, Bishop Rafael returned from a trip in Albania and stayed in Čerigaj, where Fr. Ilija helped them to establish a connection with Ali Pasha. In 1844, the Church authorities allowed the Franciscans to build a friary in Široki Brijeg, so the Herzegovinian Franciscans left their former monasteries to build a new one. Sultan Abdul Mejid gave their permission for the construction on 22 October 1845. With the initiative to establish a special vicariate of Herzegovina, closely connected is the establishment of the special Franciscan Custody of Herzegovina. During the construction, the Franciscans lived in Čerigaj, at the parson's residence, only the construction manager Anđeo Kraljević lived near the construction site.
The construction started in 1846, and the cornerstone was consecrated by bishop Barišić on 23 July 1846. Such an enterprise was too expensive for the Franciscans, who in order to complete the construction, traveled around the world to receive donations. The first western wing of the friary was finally finished in 1849, which allowed the Franciscans to move from Čerigaj to Široki Brijeg. The south wing was covered with a roof and was being completed slowly. The eastern wing was completed only in 1860. In 1901, a new section of the friary was built, where the Franciscans established a gymnasium and a seminary.
The first church was built at the same time as the friary in 1847. In May 1847, bishop Barišić ordered that the parish will no longer be called Blato or Čerigaj, but Široki Brijeg and that the parish will be put under the pastoral care of the friary. The first church was small and was demolished in 1905, in order for a larger church to be built. A much larger church was built under the guidance of Didak Buntić.
Several key Ustaše officials, like Andrija Artuković were educated at the friary. According to journalist Richard West, the Franciscans of Bosnia and Herzegovina played a leading role in the atrocities during World War II, particularly against Serbs and their center of operations was the Široki Brijeg monastery. Both the friary and the church were damaged during the war. The church was hit with 304 cannonballs. The renovation started only in 1958 and continued during the 1960s and 1970s.
References
Books
Journals
Siroki Brijeg
19th-century Christian monasteries
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1846
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Bosnia and Herzegovina
South Bay Shores is a water park located at California's Great America amusement park in Santa Clara, California. The water park is owned and operated by Cedar Fair and opened as Crocodile Dundee's Boomerang Bay in 2004. The name was shortened to Boomerang Bay in 2007. For the 2021 season, it was expanded and renamed South Bay Shores.
History
Crocodile Dundee's Boomerang Bay opened in 2004 as the first water park in Northern California to be included within an amusement park. Originally covering , the water park was expanded the following year in 2005 to with the addition of a lazy river ride, two water slides and a swimming pool. Following Cedar Fair's purchase of Paramount Parks properties in 2006, which included California's Great America, the name of the water park was shortened to Boomerang Bay for the 2007 season.
On August 8, 2019, California's Great America announced that Boomerang Bay would be renamed South Bay Shores and expanded for the 2020 season with several new additions, including a six-slide complex, eight kiddie slides, and other amenities within the complex. The park did not operate in 2020 or in the first half of the 2021 season due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, Cedar Fair sold the land occupied by the park to Prologis, announcing intentions to permanently close Great America by 2033. Cedar Fair stated that the sale will help them lower the company's corporate debt to $2 billion.
List of attractions
Note: Number ratings assigned per California's Great America, while the colors are unique to Wikipedia. For more details, refer to the California's Great America Guest Assistance Guide.
References
External links
Water parks in California
Cedar Fair water parks
2004 establishments in California
Tahar Rahim (born 4 July 1981) is a Franco-Algerian actor.  They are known for their starring role as Malik El Djebena in the 2009 award-winning French movie A Prophet by Jacques Audiard, FBI Agent Ali Soufan in The Looming Tower, Judas in the film Mary Magdalene, and Charles Sobhraj in The Serpent. Rahim garnered critical acclaim and nominations for the Golden Globe Award, and the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Early life
Rahim was born in Belfort, France, into a family that had immigrated from the region of Oran, Algeria.
After earning a Baccalauréat at the Lycée Condorcet of Belfort, Rahim enrolled first in sports and then computer science programmes. After two subsequent years of boredom studying the subjects in Strasbourg and Marseille, Rahim decided to pursue their passion and began to study film at the Paul Valéry University of Montpellier. Their life as a film student was chronicled in a documentary by fellow Belfortain Cyril Mennegun titled "Tahar, student", aired on French TV channel France 5 in 2006.
Following this, Rahim moved to Paris in 2005 and studied drama at the Laboratoire de l'Acteur under Hélène Zidi-Chéruy while working in a factory during the week, and in a nightclub at weekends, to make ends meet.
Career
In mid-2006, after signing with an agent, Rahim won a part in the hit Canal+ television series La Commune written by Abdel Raouf Dafri. Dafri penned the first draft of the script to A Prophet. Rahim then met Audiard when the two coincidentally shared a cab while leaving a set. Tahar introduced themselves saying that "I knew it was Audiard and I said I was a fan but I think I was a bit silly" and was afterward very surprised that Audiard remembered them enough to contact them about A Prophet. After a two-line appearance in the 2008 horror movie Inside starring Béatrice Dalle, they went through a gruelling three months of auditioning. After eight callbacks, they landed their breakthrough role.
Rahim also starred in controversial Chinese director Lou Ye's film Love and Bruises. The director, twice banned from making movies by the Chinese government, likely met Tahar at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival where they were each presenting Spring Fever and A Prophet respectively. Love and Bruises is the adaptation of the banned biography of Jie Liu Falin.
Another project they starred in was Free men, the biopic about Si Kaddour Benghabrit, founder of the Great Mosque of Paris, directed by Ismaël Ferroukhi of Le Grand Voyage fame.
They were selected to be on the jury for the Un Certain Regard section of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.
They starred in the European crime drama television series The Last Panthers.
In 2018, they appeared as Judas in the film Mary Magdalene, written by Helen Edmundson. In the U.S., they had a starring role as FBI agent Ali Soufan in The Looming Tower.
In 2021, they were nominated for a Golden Globe for portraying the role of Mohamedou Ould Salahi in The Mauritanian. Rahim also served as a jury member at the 74th Cannes Film Festival.
In 2022, Deadline reported that they would play the role of Paul Barras in Ridley Scott's Napoleon portrayed by Joaquin Phoenix in 2023, for Apple TV+.
 They are due to appear with Anne Hathaway in Rebecca Miller's upcoming film They Came to Me. and joined Sony's Spider-Man Universe film Madame Web
Personal life
Rahim is married to fellow French-Algerian actor Leïla Bekhti, whom they met while filming A Prophet in 2007. Together they are parents to a son, Souleymane, born in July 2017 and a daughter, born in February 2020.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
2007 – 2008: Libres sont les papillons in the role of the blind character Benjamin. The play was written by Leonard Gershe, directed by Hélène Zidi-Chéruy and staged at the Côté Court Theater, 11th arrondissement of Paris.
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Belfort
Best Actor César Award winners
Most Promising Actor César Award winners
European Film Award for Best Actor winners
Best Actor Lumières Award winners
French male film actors
French male stage actors
French Muslims
Male actors of Algerian descent
French people of Algerian descent
French male television actors
21st-century French male actors
Eva Rieger (born November 21, 1940, Isle of Man) is a German musicologist. Rieger specialized in the social and cultural history of women in music. Together with the German-Swiss patron Mariann Steegmann, Rieger founded the Mariann-Steegmann-Foundation, which is dedicated to the advancement of women in music and the arts. In 2012, they were appointed Honorary Senator of the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg.
Early years and education
Eva Rieger was born to German parents - pastor Julius Rieger and librarian Johanna Rieger (née Krüger). They moved to Berlin in 1953. Eva studied music education, musicology, and English at the Technical University of Berlin, and earned their doctorate in 1976 with a thesis on music education in East Germany.
Career
From 1978 to 1991, Rieger was an Academic Councilor at the University of Göttingen and the University of Hildesheim. From 1991 onwards, they were a Professor of Historical Musicology at the University of Bremen, with a focus on the social history of music. Rieger also was a member of the Advisory Board for the journal Feminist Studies (German: Feministische Studien) from 1988 to 1992.
Rieger has given lectures in the United States, Canada, Japan, and Europe. In 1996, they co-founded the "Women and Gender Research" department at the German Society for Music Research. Rieger was an active participant and jury member at the "Feminist Theory and Music" conference in the United States on several occasions. In 2000, Rieger co-founded the Mariann Steegmann Foundation with Mariann Steegmann herself. This foundation operates the "Mariann Steegmann Art & Gender Institute" at the University of Bremen as well as the "Research Center for Music and Gender" at the Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover. In 2009 Rieger was Corresponding Member of the American Musicological Society.
Research
Rieger's research focuses on gender issues in musical culture. They wrote a musicological study on the discrimination of women in German musical culture and used their work to advocate for the equality of women at all levels of musical culture. They have also written on film music, music education, and the life and works of Richard Wagner. Rieger has published several books in Great Britain, Sweden, Japan, and South Korea. Them articles have been published in journals such as Die Musikforschung, Archiv für Musikwissenschaft, Feministische Studien, and others.
Personal life
Rieger struggled with their sexuality until they had their first relationship with a woman at the age of thirty. They became affiliated with the Homosexuelle Aktion Westberlin (HAW, Gay Action West Berlin) group, which they described as their "salvation."
Selected works
School Music Education in the GDR. (1977). (Doctoral Dissertation at the Technical University of Berlin; published in German as Schulmusikerziehung in der DDR by Diesterweg.) .
(as editor:) Woman and Music. (1980). (Published in German as Frau und Musik by Fischer-Taschenbücher; 2nd edition published in 1990 by Furore-Verlag.) .
Woman, Music and Men's Domination: On the Exclusion of Women from German Music Pedagogy, Musicology and Music Practice. (1981). (Published in German as Frau, Musik und Männerherrschaft. Zum Ausschluß der Frau aus der deutschen Musikpädagogik, Musikwissenschaft und Musikausübung by Ullstein Verlag; 2nd edition published in 1988 by Furore-Verlag; Japanese translation published in 1985; Korean translation published in 1988.) .
Peace Education in Music Lessons. (1987). (Published in German as Friedenserziehung im Musikunterricht by Gustav Bosse Verlag.) .
(as editor:) A Stormy Winter: Memories of a Pugnacious English Composer. (Autobiography of Ethel Smyth) (1988). (Published in German as Ein stürmischer Winter. Erinnerungen einer streitbaren englischen Komponistin by Bärenreiter-Verlag.) .
Nannerl Mozart: The Life of an Artist in the 18th Century. (1991). (Published in German as Nannerl Mozart. Leben einer Künstlerin im 18. Jahrhundert by Insel Verlag; revised edition published in 2005 by Insel Verlag; Swedish translation published in 1992.) .
Alfred Hitchcock and the Music: An Investigation into the Relationship between Film, Music and Gender. (1996). (Published in German as Alfred Hitchcock und die Musik. Eine Untersuchung zum Verhältnis von Film, Musik und Geschlecht by Kleine Verlag.) .
(as editor:) Women with Wings: Life Stories of Famous Pianists, from Clara Schumann to Clara Haskil. (1996). (Co-written by Monica Steegmann; published in German as Frauen mit Flügel: Lebensberichte berühmter Pianistinnen; von Clara Schumann bis Clara Haskill by Insel Verlag.) .
(as editor:) Women's Voices, Women's Roles in Opera and Women's Self-Testimonies. (2000). (Co-written by Gabriele Busch-Salmen; published in German as Frauenstimmen, Frauenrollen in der Oper und Frauen-Selbstzeugnisse by Centaurus Verlag.) .
(as editor:) With a Thousand Kisses, Your "Fillu": Letters of the Singer Marie Fillunger to Eugenie Schumann, 1875-93. (2002). (Published in German as „Mit tausend Küssen Deine Fillu“. Briefe der Sängerin Marie Fillunger an Eugenie Schumann 1875–93. by Dittrich Verlag.) .
(as editor:) Divine Voices: Life Stories of Famous Singers from Elisabeth Mara to Maria Callas. (2002). (Co-written by Monica Steegmann; published in German as Göttliche Stimmen. Lebensberichte berühmter Sängerinnen von Elisabeth Mara bis Maria Callas by Insel Verlag.) .
Minna and Richard Wagner: Stations of a Love. (2003). (Published in German as Minna und Richard Wagner. Stationen einer Liebe by Artemis & Winkler Verlag.) .
Shining Love, Laughing Death: Richard Wagner's Image of the Woman in the Mirror of their Music. (2009). (Published in German as Leuchtende Liebe, lachender Tod. Richard Wagners Bild der Frau im Spiegel seiner Musik by Artemis & Winkler Verlag.) .
A Place for Gods: Richard Wagner's Hikes in Switzerland. (2009). (Co-written by Hiltrud Schroeder; published in German as Ein Platz für Götter. Richard Wagners Wanderungen in der Schweiz by Böhlau Verlag.) .
Friedelind Wagner: The Rebellious Granddaughter of Richard Wagner. (2012). (Published as in German as Friedelind Wagner. Die rebellische Enkelin Richard Wagners by Piper Verlag.) .
Frida Leider: Singer in the Twilight of Them Time. (2016). (Co-written by Peter Sommeregger; foreword by Stephan Mösch; published in German as Frida Leider - Sängerin im Zwiespalt ihrer Zeit by Georg Olms Verlag.) .
References
Bibliography
Freia Hoffmann, Jane Bowers, and Ruth Heckmann, eds. (2000). Pictures of Women and Men in Music: Festschrift for Eva Rieger on their 60th Birthday. (Published in German as Frauen- und Männerbilder in der Musik. Festschrift für Eva Rieger zum 60. Geburtstag by BIS-Verlag.) .
Annette Kreutziger-Herr, Susanne Rode-Breymann, Nina Noeske, Melanie Unseld, Eva Rieger, and the Research Center for Music and Gender. (2010). Gender Studies in Musicology--Quo vadis? : Festschrift for Eva Rieger on their 70th Birthday. (Music and Gender Yearbook, Vol. 3) (Published in German as Gender Studies in der Musikwissenschaft. Quo vadis? Festschrift für Eva Rieger--Jahrbuch Musik und Gender, Bd. 3 by Georg Olms Verlag.) .
External links
Eva Rieger (official website) (in German)
Mariann Steegmann Foundation (in German)
20th-century births
20th-century Manx people
Living people
German musicologists
Lesbian academics
LGBT people from Germany
Technical University of Berlin alumni
University of Göttingen faculty
University of Bremen faculty
20th-century German writers
20th-century German women writers
British emigrants to Germany
Year of birth missing (living people)
Huguo Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Jingshan Park (), Wenzhou, Zhejiang.
History
The temple was first built in 785, under the Tang dynasty (618–907), and went through many changes and repairs through the following dynasties. Most of the present structures in the temple were rebuilt or renovated between 2003 and 2009.
Architecture
The complex modeled the architectural style of the Tang dynasty (618–907). The complex include the following halls: Shanmen, Mahavira Hall, Hall of Four Heavenly Kings, Hall of Guanyin, Bell tower, Drum tower, Hall of Jade Buddha, Hall of Guru, Dharma Hall, Dharma Hall, Meditation Hall, Reception Hall, Dining Room, etc.
Gallery
References
Buddhist temples in Wenzhou
Buildings and structures in Wenzhou
Tourist attractions in Wenzhou
2009 establishments in China
21st-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2009
Rabbit and the Moon is a 1998 book by Douglas Wood. It is an adaption of a Cree legend about how Rabbit reached the Moon, and how the Whooping crane got its long legs and red head marking.
Reception
Booklist, in a review of Rabbit and the Moon, wrote "The watercolor illustrations have a fuzzy, sleepy quality, yet are clear enough that the animals depict a range of emotions .. The story itself is told in fairly short, easy-to-understand sentences, making this a good a choice for a bedtime story or for older students studying folktales." and School Library Journal called it a "satisfying story", but "An uneven offering."
Kirkus Reviews was somewhat critical, writing, "Though Wood pays homage to Rabbit as a trickster in the source note, there's no mischief in the story and Rabbit is portrayed as polite and unassuming. Baker's watercolors are another disappointment; Rabbit's limbs change length and proportions unpredictably, so that sometimes their shape is that of a natural-looking rabbit, and other times that of a human child in a fur suit."
Rabbit and the Moon has also been reviewed by The Horn Book Magazine, and Publishers Weekly.
References
1998 anthologies
1998 children's books
American children's books
American picture books
Fantasy books
Cree culture
English-language books
Works based on legends
Books about rabbits and hares
Books about birds
Books about night
Works about the Moon
Forests in fiction
The 12th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy of 2010. The ceremony was hosted by Steve Patterson and held at the Isabel Bader Theatre in Toronto, Ontario, on 17 October 2011.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 24 categories. Winners in 5 categories were chosen by the public through an online poll and others were chosen by members of industry organizations. The awards ceremony was held during the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which ran from 13 to 17 October.
The film Peepers led with five nominations followed by the films Good Neighbours and Summerhood with four each. The CBC show The Debaters, which moved from radio to television, was nominated twice for audio and twice for television. Good Neighbours and Summerhood each won two Beavers, as did the TV series Less Than Kind, and Ron Pederson won twice for their improvisation work with National Theatre of the World. Samantha Bee won the Beaver for Canadian Comedy Person of the Year.
Festival and ceremony
The Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) was held in Toronto, Ontario, for a fifth non-consecutive year. The awards ceremony was hosted by Steve Patterson and held on 17 October 2011 at the Isabel Bader Theatre, concluding the Canadian Comedy Awards Festival. The five-day festival, held from 13 to 17 October, featured live comedy performances by nominees at five Toronto venues including Yuk Yuk's, Second City, and Comedy Bar. Shaun Majumder hosted a showcase performance of the top stand-up acts at the Panasonic Theatre. The festival also included workshops by leading comedy professionals.
The CCA's parent organization, the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), had partnered with Canada's Walk of Fame to produce an evening of Canadian comedy as part of the three-day Walk of Fame Festival. Federal grant money went toward producing the event, which in turn had helped support and promote the CCA festival.
Winners and nominees
Nominees submitted to the Canadian Comedy Awards were considered by 170 jury members. The jury reduced the list of submissions to a top-five in each category which was announced on 9 June 2011 at Toronto's Second City theatre. Online voting was held from 15 June to 5 July. Six to seven thousand members of the public viewed brief performance clips on the website and voted for best TV show, the best film, best web clip, best radio program or clip, and comedy person of the year. The other categories were voted on by industry members from the Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists (ACTRA), Canadian Actors' Equity Association, the Directors Guild of Canada, the Writers Guild of Canada, and the Comedy Association. The jury's choices counted for 30% of the total marks.
Gigcity noted that Edmonton was well-represented at this year's CCAs, with three nominations to locally-produced Caution: May Contain Nuts, two nominees each for best male improvisor and for best improv troupe, and a nominee for best radio show. This was credited to the city's strong improv scene.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television
Film
Internet
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
Footnotes
Notes
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Michael Hecht is a communications professor at Penn State University.
Michael Hecht may also refer to:
Michael Howard or Michael Hecht (born 1941), British politician
Michael H. Hecht (fl. 1980s–2020s), American astronomer and physicist
Michael Hecht (footballer) (born 1965), German footballer
Michael Leonard Hecht (born 1970), American economic developer
The National People's Congress Foreign Affairs Committee () is one of nine special committees of the National People's Congress (NPC), the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. The special committee was created during the first session of the 6th National People's Congress in June 1983, and has existed for every National People's Congress since.
Composed of a chairperson, a number of vice-chairpeople, and several members, the Foreign Affairs Committee is responsible for reviewing and deliberating on proposed legislation regarding foreign affairs including the signing or abrogation of treaties and agreements with other nations for delivery to the NPC, reviewing and replying to inquiries submitted by the NPC regarding foreign affairs, communicate with foreign counterparts, make statements for major issues related to Chinese foreign affairs, present briefings to relevant departments on international issues, and all other tasks given it by the National People's Congress.
Membership
References
Foreign Affairs Committee
Parliamentary committees on Foreign Affairs
Biston strataria, the oak beauty, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is native to Europe, the Balkan countries and the Black Sea region as far as Asia Minor and the Caucasus. The species was first described by Johann Siegfried Hufnagel in 1767. B. strataria is found in a variety of habitats, but is mostly found in woodlands where it rests on the bark of trees, camouflaged by its mottled black and grey wings. The male has feather-like antennae while those of the female are more thread-like. The moth has a wingspan of .
The larvae are mainly brown with three lumps near the end of the abdomen. They have evolved to resemble sticks which helps protect them from predators. The larvae feed on many species of trees, but the most commonly used host plants are oaks.
Morphology
The oak beauty has white forewings with two irregular broad brown bands along each wing. The first band is short, located near the base of the wing, and surrounded with a black border. The second band is located near the outer margin with a black border surrounding the inner edge. Between these two bands is a white space sprinkled with black dots as well as a crescent-shaped black mark near the middle. The overall appearance gives the oak beauty a mottled look. B. strataria‘s forewings are in diameter, while its wingspan ranges from . The oak beauty's hind wings are paler than its fore wings and have transverse black bands. The forehead and the front of the thorax are white while its sides are a white-grey blend. Its body is covered with many hairs. The back of the thorax and the body are a darker shade of brown.
The oak beauty exhibits melanism and comes in two different variations; a dark (melanic) form and light (typica) form. The melanic form is prevalent in the Netherlands, but this form has not been observed in Britain. Details explaining this discrepancy are not yet known. The closest relative to B. strataria is the peppered moth (Biston betularia), which also has two forms. The proportion of melanics is higher in B. betularia compared to B. strataria. This is unusual since, between the two species, it is B. strataria that should have a greater evolutionary selection for the prevalence of melanic individuals due to the higher pollution concentrations in the area.
Sex differentiation
Adult males possess feathered antennae and are frequently observed during the daytime. Such feathered antennae are thought to aid in sensing female pheromones from over a kilometre away (0.6 miles). This helps males locate females for mating.
Females are observed less often during the day than their male counterparts, and their antennae are thinner and more threadlike than the males'.
Distribution and habitat
It is common throughout Europe, with the exception of the far north and the far south. In the south, its range extends through the entire Mediterranean, the Balkan countries and the Black Sea region as far as Asia Minor and the Caucasus. In the north it reaches the southern Fennoscandia. It is found in the British Isles including Ireland.
In July and August, the larvae can be found feeding on various host plants. B. strataria is prevalent in wooded areas including parks, gardens, and other suburban habitats. It is usually found on the trunk of trees where it can blend with its surroundings
Behavior
Adults emerge in early spring. B. strataria begins its flight period from mid-March to April, which is an early flight period compared to other moth species. B. strataria usually flies at night and is readily attracted to light. Its mottled appearance aids in its concealment from predators when it rests on tree trunks during the day Although the adult camouflages well with its surroundings, predators may occasionally spot the moth. In these circumstances the moth has one last defense mechanism – its hindwings, which were previously hidden in the resting position, carries shocking markings which may warn off predators when suddenly exposed.
Larvae
The oak beauty caterpillar is brown, marbled with white, and has two small red lumps on the back of its eighth, ninth and twelfth segments and a small lump on the belly on the seventh, eighth and ninth segments. The caterpillar's head is slightly notched in the middle, possibly due to evolutionary pressures to resemble twigs in appearance.
The larvae are found from spring to fall feed on a variety of deciduous trees including oak (Quercus spp.), elm (Ulmus spp.), hazel (Corylus avellana), aspen (Populus tremula) and alder (Alnus glutinosa).
Evolution
Larvae
An experiment was carried out to discover whether caterpillars of B. strataria, Ennomos alniaria, and Lycia hirtaria were protected from Eurasian jays and common chaffinches by their resemblance to the sticks they resided upon. In this experiment, the larvae and twigs were scattered across an area while seven Garrulus glandarius were positioned to prey on the larvae. When the larvae were not confused as twigs, it took G. glandarius ten seconds to find their prey. When more twigs were present than caterpillars, it took the birds between one and forty minutes to find the larvae. After finding the first caterpillar, G. glandarius quickly increased its rate of attack on both the larvae and the twigs. This experiment concluded that these caterpillars' adaptation to their environment does not give them the best possible protection.
Tinbergen added on to de Ruiter's experiments and found that when caterpillars were more abundant than twigs, birds continued to hunt; when caterpillars seemed rare in comparison to twigs, birds stopped hunting altogether. Brower concludes that a bird's continuous quest for caterpillars after discovering larvae puts surrounding larvae in danger, despite how well these caterpillars blend in with their environment. Brower has speculated that bird behaviour is density-dependent as well as dependent upon finding surrounding larvae of the similar phenotypic properties to the one it just consumed. Although past theories have speculated that either Batesian mimicry or crypsis were at play to explain these circumstances, further studies by Skelhorn have proven neither are correct. Rather, this phenomenon is quite different from the former two and is now commonly recognized as masquerade.
Adult
B. strataria demonstrates coincident colouration. A cryptic disruptive pattern on the wings breaks up the outline, while the colouration blends well with the tree bark on which the oak beauty rests.
References
External links
Oak beauty on UKMoths
Lepiforum e.V.
De Vlinderstichting
Bistonini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Siegfried Hufnagel
Moths described in 1767
The 2016 Albanian Supercup was the 23rd edition of the Albanian Supercup, an annual Albanian football match. The teams were decided by taking the winner of the previous season's Albanian Superliga and the winner of the Albanian Cup.
The match was contested by Skënderbeu Korçë, champions of the 2015–16 Albanian Superliga, and Kukësi, the 2015–16 Albanian Cup winners. Due to the demolition of the Qemal Stafa Stadium, the game was scheduled to be played at the newly reconstructed Loro Boriçi Stadium in Shkodër but the inauguration of the stadium was postponed until the friendly between Albania and Morocco on 31 August. The venue for the game was the Selman Stërmasi Stadium in Tiranë, the home of Tirana, and Kukësi won the game 3–1. The game was broadcast through DigitAlb's SuperSport Albania.
Details
See also
2015–16 Albanian Superliga
2015–16 Albanian Cup
References
2016
Albanian Supercup, 2016
Albanian Supercup, 2016
Supercup
David Lee Carpenter (born September 1, 1987) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They have played for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and Atlanta Braves.
Professional career
Carpenter throws four pitches: a four-seam fastball and two-seam fastball 85–88 mph, a changeup and slider that average about 80 mph.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Carpenter was called up to the majors for the first time on April 13, 2012. They were outrighted off the Angels roster on September 22, 2013. They were called up on June 21, 2014 and designated for assignment on August 2. They were assigned outright to the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees on August 5. Carpenter elected free agency in October 2014.
Atlanta Braves
They signed with the Braves in January 2015. They were called up on July 6 by the Braves. They became a free agent on October 6, 2016.
References
External links
New Mexico Lobos bio
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Arlington, Texas
Baseball players from Texas
Major League Baseball pitchers
Los Angeles Angels players
Atlanta Braves players
New Mexico Lobos baseball players
NMJC Thunderbirds baseball players
Paris Dragons baseball players
Orem Owlz players
Cedar Rapids Kernels players
Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino players
Arkansas Travelers players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Salt Lake Bees players
Gwinnett Braves players
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1653.
Events
January 17 – John Evelyn begins to set out gardens at Sayes Court, Deptford, the house they have recently bought.
March 26 – James Shirley's masque Cupid and Death is performed before the Portuguese ambassador in London.
June – English actor Robert Cox is arrested at the Red Bull Theatre in London for performing a "droll" deemed to be a play (prohibited during the English Interregnum).
September 9 – London publisher Humphrey Moseley enters into the Stationers' Register the plays The History of Cardenio (1613), attributed posthumously to William Shakespeare and John Fletcher, and Henry I (1624) and Henry II, attributed to Shakespeare and Robert Davenport; none survive.
New books
Prose
Ralph Austen – A Treatise on Fruit-trees, showing the manner of grafting, setting, pruning, and ordering of them in all respects
Baltasar Gracián – El criticón (second part)
Blaise Pascal – Traité du triangle arithmétique
Jeremy Taylor – Twenty-five Sermons
Sir Thomas Urquhart
First English translation of Rabelais' Gargantua and Pantagruel, Books I and II
Logopandecteision
Izaak Walton -The Compleat Angler
Arthur Wilson – The History of Great Britain, being the Life and Reign of King James I
Drama
Richard Brome – Five New Plays, a collection of their dramas including A Mad Couple Well-Match'd, The Novella, The Court Beggar, The City Wit, and The Damoiselle
John Ford (attributed) – The Queen (published)
William Heminges – The Fatal Contract (published)
Henry Killigrew – Pallantus and Eudora (published; Killigrew's revision of their own The Conspiracy, 1638)
Philippe Quinault – Les Rivales
James Shirley – The Court Secret (published)
Lope de Vega – La discreta enamorada
Agustín Moreto – El lindo don Diego
Paul Scarron – Don Japhel d'Arménie
Poetry
Margaret Cavendish – Poems and Fancies
Births
January 13 – Philipp Jakob Spener, German theologian (died 1705)
March 8 – Goodwin Wharton, English autobiographer and politician (died 1704)
Unknown date – Chikamatsu Monzaemon (近松 門左衛門), Japanese dramatist (died 1725)
Probable year of birth – Nathaniel Lee, English dramatist (died 1692)
Deaths
May 26 – Robert Filmer, English political theorist (born 1558)
July 10 – Gabriel Naudé, French librarian and scholar (born 1600)
September 3 – Claudius Salmasius, French classical scholar (born 1588)
September 23 – Jacques Goar, French Hellenist (born 1601)
October 15 – Piaras Feiritéar, Irish-language poet and rebel (hanged; born c. 1600)
December – John Taylor, English poet and waterman (born 1578)
Unknown date
Zachary Boyd, Scottish poet (born 1585)
Lucrezia Marinella, Italian poet, writer and supporter of women's rights (born 1571)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Mynor Ramirez (born 25 July 1972) is a Guatemalan former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics as well as the 1991 and 1995 Pan American Games.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Guatemala
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games competitors for Guatemala
Wrestlers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Wrestlers at the 1995 Pan American Games
Guatemalan male sport wrestlers
Südwestpfalz is a district (Kreis or more precise Landkreis) in the south of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Saarpfalz, the district-free city Zweibrücken, the districts Kaiserslautern and Bad Dürkheim, the district-free city Landau (the Taubensuhl/Fassendeich forest part of the city), Südliche Weinstraße, and the French département Bas-Rhin. The district-free city Pirmasens is surrounded by the district.
History
The district was created 18 February 1818 as the Landkommisariat Pirmasens. During the communal reforms of 1968-72 several changes were made to the district. In 1969 the neighboring district Bad Bergzabern was dissolved and some part of it was added, while other municipalities were incorporated into the city Pirmasens. In 1972 the district Landkreis Zweibrücken was dissolved and added into the district Landkreis Pirmasens, which on 1 January 1997 renamed itself to Südwestpfalz.
Geography
The district is located in the hills of the Palatinate, the Palatinate forest. The river Lauter has its spring near the city of Pirmasens.
Coat of arms
The three red bars on golden ground in the left half is the coat of arms of Hanau-Lichtenberg, while the lion in the right half is the lion of the Electorate of the Palatinate. These mark the two historic states which were located on the district's area until the end of the 18th century.
Towns and municipalities
References
External links
(German)
Districts of Rhineland-Palatinate
The Minnesota Population Center (MPC) is a university-wide interdisciplinary research center at the University of Minnesota. MPC was established in 2000, absorbing two earlier population research organizations. The primary goals of the center are to foster large-scale cross-disciplinary research collaborations and to provide shared infrastructure for demographic research.
The center now has 100 faculty affiliates from 10 University of Minnesota Colleges, over 50 graduate student affiliates and 120 administrative and research staff.
Overview
The primary activity of MPC is demographic research; work at the center is divided into eight major themes:
Large-scale demographic data infrastructure
Work, family, and time-use
Historical demography
Education, labor, and the life-course
Healthcare access and health disparities
Census and survey methodology
Unions and sexuality
Population and environment
MPC is the producer and distributor of the world's largest demographic data collections. These data collections include the Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS), the National Historical Geographic Information System (NHGIS), the North Atlantic Population Project (NAPP), and the Integrated Health Interview Series (IHIS). Over 40,000 demographic researchers worldwide are registered to use these data collections.
See also
Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS)
References
External links
University of Minnesota
The Maja is a right tributary of the river Crasna in Romania. It discharges into the Crasna in Supur. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
Rivers of Satu Mare County
This is the list of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard in Helsinki, Finland, from yard number 401 onwards.
See also
List of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard (1–200)
List of ships built at Hietalahti shipyard (201–400)
References
Bibliography
Hietalahti 401
The Stop JJOO 2030 manifesto is a public statement of 2021 against the Pyrenees-Barcelona 2030 Winter Olympics candidacy. Promoted by a civil society organized by the coordinator of SOS Pyrenees platforms, it has the support of representatives of the rural, mountaineering, cultural and political worlds.
The campaign points out that promoting this candidacy in the context of global warming is severe irresponsibility. Additionally, it warns that the Pyrenees resorts are already largely dependent on artificial snow production and will not be viable mid-term. Hence, it will quickly become obsolete. Thus, the manifesto propounds withdrawing the project from the candidacy. Going further, it asks for the channeling of investments to promote the change of the socio-economic model: the economic diversification, fighting speculation and depopulation in the mountain counties, and the protection of natural and landscaping areas of interest.
History
In February 2022, 150 Catalan scientists published the "Independent Scientific Manifesto on the 2030 Winter Olympics candidacy in the Pyrenees". They state in 10 points why this project is unfeasible. The emphasis is on technical, environmental and socioeconomic factors, such as the lack of transparency in politics. The government of Pere Aragonès has been unable to make accessible to the citizens the environmental impact assessment document so far. The manifesto also argues the increase in mass tourism will have a devastating impact on the biodiversity of mountain areas. Moreover, the region's economic impact would be deficient, perpetuating the precariousness of the labor force. Also, there are a large number of archaeological sites in the Pyrenees which could be badly damaged. Finally, the increase in the demands for energy and water consumption, like the increment in pollution, is unacceptable in the context of a climate emergency.
On 2022 April 1st, the platform STOP Olympic Games Aragon was made public. This organization "brings together citizens and groups of people against the macro-project." Despite having its autonomy, it coordinates with the homologous Catalan platform. On April 7th, they released their first statement with the slogan Por un Pirineo vivo, Por nuestro futuro ¡STOP JJOO! (literally, For a living Pyrenees, For our future STOP Olympic Games!). The three focal points are clear —first, the withdrawal of the Olympic candidacy as a final decision. Secondly, the search for a compromise finishes off the future projects to widen the ski slopes of Canal Roya and the Vall de Castanesa. This would be linked to new economic investments focused on the needs of the territory and the Pyrenees' inhabitants. With this manifesto, the platform regretted that the government of Javier Lambán wanted to spend 85% of the Next Generation EU budget for sustainable tourism on improving ski resort facilities such as the connection between Candanchú and Astún or the gondola lift from Benasque to Cerler.
On 2022 May 3rd, musicians from across the country joined forces to sing "The Land to Sow" against the Winter Olympics. The project is led by the Aranese singer Alidé Sans. It had the collaboration of Clara Peya, Montse Castellà, Joina Canyet, Cesk Freixas, Francesc Ribera, Pirat's Sound Sistema, and Natxo Tarrés from the band Gossos, among others.
On 2022 May 15th, more than 2000 people in Puigcerdà demanded the government rethink their strategy and abandon this Olympic "nonsense". Their slogan was “For a living Pyrenees. Stop the Olympic Games"; the Assemblea Nacional Catalana and the Unió de Pagesos (Farmers Union) are among their supporters. Amid the climate variability and change, it is simply unthinkable. They are organizing a consultation called for July 24th in several cities of the Catalan counties. On May 27th, the government spokesperson, Laura Vilagrà, announced the postponement of the planned consultation due to the vagueness of the candidacy and the lack of a convincing "technical project".
On the occasion of World Environment Day, Ecologistes de Catalunya published a manifesto stating that the current government cannot respond to the recognized climate emergency. The government "insists on the old solutions from the past to support the snow tourism monoculture and cover up the inability to guarantee the future of the people living in the Pyrenees such as the Winter Olympics". Given that "Catalonia is in the European queue in environmental policies for the inaction of recent governments, at a time when the climate and environmental crisis calls for a green agenda capable of meeting the challenges of climate change, food insecurity, or the energy and resource crisis".
On June 20, 2022, the Spanish Olympic Committee definitively ruled out a candidacy for the 2030 Winter Olympics due to the impossibility of reaching an agreement between the governments of Javier Lambán and Pere Aragonès. Upon hearing the news, the Popular Unity Candidacy and En Comú Podem celebrated the abandonment of this "macro-project" and demanded a new investment plan for the Pyrenees. The Stop Olympic 2030 platform assured that it would continue to work "for another economic, territorial and country model", and that the candidacy would not be considered in the future.
References
External links
Manifesto Website
2022 in Catalonia
Environmentalism in Spain
Climate change
Pyrenees
Manifestos
2021 in Catalonia
2030 Winter Olympics
Helen Jameson (born 25 September 1963) is an English former competitive swimmer.
Swimming career
Jameson represented Great Britain at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. They were a member of the silver-medal-winning British women's team in the 4×100-metre medley relay, swimming the backstroke leg alongside teammates Margaret Kelly, Ann Osgerby and June Croft. They also competed in the individual 100-metre backstroke and 200-metre backstroke events.
Jameson represented England in the 100 and 200 metres backstroke, at the 1982 Commonwealth Games in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. They also won the ASA National Championship 100 metres backstroke title in 1980 and 1981.
Personal life
 They are the sister of Andy Jameson.
See also
Great Britain at the 1980 Summer Olympics
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (women)
References
External links
British Olympic Association athlete profile
1963 births
English female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medallists for Great Britain
English Olympic medallists
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Swimmers at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Living people
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists in swimming
Ode to Io is the first full-length album from Lowrider, released on Meteor City.
Controversial upon its release for its dangerous similarity to stoner rock godfathers Kyuss, it has since developed a strong cult following after the band disbanded in 2003. It is currently out of print.
Track listing
"Caravan" - 3:30 (Bergstrand)
"Flat Earth" - 5:35 (Bergstrand)
"Convoy V" - 5:14 (Bergstrand)
"Dust Settlin'" - 5:04 (Bergstrand)
"Sun Devil" - 1:15 (Hellquist)
"Anchor" - 5:38 (Bergstrand/Hellquist)
"Texas Pt I & II" - 7:34 (Bergstrand/Hellquist)
"Riding Shotgun" - 6:06 (Bergstrand)
"Saguaro" - 5:20 (Bergstrand/Hellquist)
"Ode to Io" - 7:15 (Bergstrand)
Personnel
Andreas Eriksson - Drums
Peder Bergstrand - Basses, Vocals
Niclas Stalfors - Guitars
Ola Hellquist - Lead Guitars, Vocals
Credits
Recorded at KM Studios Karlskoga Sweden
The 1st & 3rd week of November 1999
Mixed & Mastered at KM Studios by Andreas Eriksson 2000
Album Photos by Daniel Onnerlov
Cutout Illustrations by Anatol Bolanowski
Cover Concept & Layout by Karate Kommando
Lyrics: Bergstrand/Stalfors/Hellquist/Eriksson
Opening Riff on Track 2 by Felix Daneken Jr.
References
2000 debut albums
Lowrider (Swedish band) albums
MeteorCity albums
Tare Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 1.1 km2. The dam impounds about 24 ha of land when full and can store 1205 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1977 and completed in 1983.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1983 establishments in Japan
Rocco Barocco (born 26 March 1944 in Naples, Italy) is a fashion designer.
Their real name is Antonio Muscariello. After their first steps in the fashion industry they legally changed their name to Rocco Barocco.
During their childhood and youth, they lived on the island of Ischia in front of Naples, where they grew up with their eight brothers. Charmed by the fashion world, they decided to move to Rome in 1962, where they worked with Patrick de Barentzen and Giles. In 1964 they started a company with Giles, which lasted for over ten years.
In 1974 they opened their own showroom in Rome's piazza di Spagna and in 1979, after their success in haute couture, they presented their first prêt-à-porter collection.
External links
Official site
References
Living people
Italian fashion designers
Businesspeople from Naples
Watch manufacturing companies of Italy
1944 births
Pudding Lane is a small street in London, widely known as the location of Thomas Farriner's bakery, where the Great Fire of London started in 1666. It runs between Eastcheap and Thames Street in the historic City of London, and intersects Monument Street, the site of Christopher Wren's Monument to the Great Fire.
Farriner's bakery stood immediately opposite the Monument, on the eastern side of Pudding Lane. The site was paved over when Monument Street was built in 1886–7, but is marked by a plaque on the wall of nearby Farynors House, placed there by the Bakers' Company in 1986.
Pudding Lane was given its name by the butchers of Eastcheap Market, who used it to transport "pudding" or offal down to the river to be taken away by waste barges. There was a wharf at its lower end called Rothersgate (from the "rothers" or cattle that were landed there), and it was also known as Rother Lane. Another name for it was Red Rose Lane, from a shop sign that once hung in it.
Pudding Lane was one of the world's first one-way streets. An order restricting cart traffic to one-way travel on Pudding Lane and 16 other lanes around Thames Street was issued in 1617, an idea not copied until Albemarle Street became a one-way street in 1800.
The nearest Underground station to Pudding Lane is Monument, a short distance to the west. The closest main-line railway stations are Fenchurch Street and Cannon Street.
In popular culture
Tom Canty, the protagonist of Mark Twain's The Prince and the Pauper, lives on Pudding Lane.
Sarah Addington was the author of some children's books referring to the lane:
The Boy Who Lived in Pudding Lane: Being a True Account, If Only You Believe It, of the Life and Ways of Santa, The Oldest Son of Mr. & Mrs. Claus. Boston: Atlantic Monthly Press, 1922.
Pied Piper of Pudding Lane. Illustrated by Gertrude Alice Kay. Boston: Atlantic Monthly Press, 1923.
Round the Year in Pudding Lane. Illustrated by Gertrude Alice Kay. Boston: Little, Brown, and Company, 1924.
Pudding Lane People. Illustrated by Janet Laura Scott. Boston: Little, Brown, and Company, 1926.
Pudding Lane and Farriner's bakery feature prominently in the 2016 musical show Bumblescratch.
In the 1982 Doctor Who is a episode "The Visitation", aliens visit 17th century London and cause an explosion in Pudding Lane, which is revealed to be the true source of the Great Fire.
References
Bibliography
Streets in the City of London
History of the City of London
Great Fire of London
Sphinx was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy, lead ship of their class. They were designed by Pierre Salinoc from 1752 to 1755 and fought in several engagements of the Seven Years' War before being broken up in 1775 and replaced by another 64 gun ship of the same name.
References
Ships of the line of the French Navy
1755 ships
The Kharkov Trial was a war crimes trial held in front of a Soviet military tribunal in December 1943 in Kharkov, Soviet Union. Defendants included one Soviet collaborator, as well as German military, police, and SS personnel responsible for implementing the occupational policies during the German–Soviet War of 1941–45. The trial was the first time that German personnel had been tried for war crimes by the Allies during and after World War II.
Background
Units of the German Wehrmacht first occupied Kharkov on 23–24 October 1941. German forces, including the Einsatzgruppen (mobile death squads), killed tens of thousands of Jews, as well as Communists, Soviet prisoners of war, and other "undesirables". Shooting, hanging, and gas vans were used. Fifteen thousand Jews were murdered on 15 December 1941 in a mass shooting in Drobytsky Yar. The Gestapo also shot 435 patients, many of whom were elderly people and children, who were being treated at the local hospital. In March 1943, 800 wounded Red Army soldiers were shot and burned alive. Overall, the Soviets said that in the Kharkov region, the "German-fascist invaders had shot, hanged, burned alive, and poisoned by carbon monoxide gas more than 30,000 peaceful completely innocent citizens, including women, old people, and children."
The city was temporarily retaken by the Red Army in February 1943 and then by the Wehrmacht in April 1943. Already in the spring of 1943 Soviet authorities discovered mass graves of the victims, mostly Jews. By the time that Kharkov was liberated for good in August 1943, virtually no Jews survived in the city.
Proceedings
The tribunal heard the case against four defendants, Soviet collaborator, Mikhail Bulanov, 26, and three Germans, Wilhelm Langheld, 52, Reinhard Retzlaff, 36, and Hans Ritz, 24, members of the Wehrmacht, police, and SS forces, respectively. They were charged both under the Soviet and international law, the Moscow Declarations. Langheld, Retzlaff, and Ritz were accused in participating in the murders of Soviet citizens, while Bulanov was charged with treason. Prosecutors, defence counsel, and judges were military. A six-person forensic team provided expert testimony and a report concluding that the manner of killings was consistent with shootings and the use of gas.
All four men pleaded guilty, admitting to the crimes and describing them in detail, including the use of the gas vans, mass shootings, and murder of women and children, encouraged and rewarded by their superiors. Langheld admitted to personally killing approximately 100 Soviet citizens. Defence counsel's strategy amounted to arguing that the accused were following orders. The prosecution acknowledged that the men were indeed acting on superior orders, but rejected this as a sufficient defence, using the decision of the Leipzig War Crimes Trials as a precedent. The trial concluded on 18 December 1943 with guilty verdicts and death sentences.
The findings of the court:
Wilhelm Langheld personally fabricated a number of cases in which about 100 perfectly innocent Soviet war prisoners and civilians were shot.
Hans Ritz directed the shootings carried out by the S.D. Sonderkommando in Taganrog, and during the examination of prisoners beat them up with ramrods and rubber truncheons, thus trying to extort from them false statements.
Reinhard Retzlaff tried to extort from Soviet civilians false statements by means of torture—plucking out their hair and torturing them with needles, drew up fictitious reports in the case of 28 arrested Soviet citizens. They personally drove into the "murder van" Soviet citizens doomed to death, accompanied the "murder van" to the place of unloading and took part in the burning of bodies of asphyxiated people.
Mikhail Petrovich Bulanov, having betrayed the Socialist motherland, voluntarily sided with the enemy, joined the German service as a chauffeur with the Kharkov Gestapo branch, personally took part in the extermination of Soviet citizens by means of the "murder van", drove peaceful Soviet citizens to the place of shooting and took part in the shooting of sixty children.
The defendants were all hanged in the public square of Kharkov the next day."It was all over in a few moments. The defendants were hoisted into the back of four open trucks and stood on stools. Then the nooses were looped around their necks. There was no blindfolding. During the preliminaries three of the four prisoners had to be propped up. Bulanov had fainted; Ritz and Retzlaff had turned pasty white; they drooled at the mouths and their knees gave way. Only Langheld, the old soldier, remained stiff as a ramrod throughout, never once flinching. Once the nooses had been adjusted, at a signal the trucks pulled away and the four were left dangling and kicking in mid air."The proceedings were published in English for an international audience.
References
Bibliography
External links
"The people's verdict : a full report of the proceedings at the Krasnodar and Kharkov German atrocity trials"
1943 in law
1943 in the Soviet Union
Nazi war crimes trials
Trials in Ukraine
Holocaust trials
The Holocaust in Ukraine
Executed mass murderers
People executed for war crimes
People executed by the Soviet Union by hanging
War crimes trials in the Soviet Union
War crimes of the Wehrmacht
The 2004 Big Sky Conference men's basketball tournament was held March 6–10 at Reese Court at the University of Eastern Washington in Cheney, Washington.
Top-seeded defeated in the championship game, 71–59, to win their first Big Sky men's basketball tournament title. EWU had the lost the three previous conference championship games.
The Eagles, in turn, received an automatic bid to the 2004 NCAA Tournament, their first appearance in the Division I tournament. No other Big Sky members were invited this year.
Format
No new teams were added to the Big Sky prior to the 2003–04 season, leaving total membership at eight.
No changes were made to the existing tournament format. Only the top six teams from the regular season conference standings were invited to the tournament. The two top teams were given byes into the semifinals while the third- through sixth-seeded teams were placed and paired into the preliminary quarterfinal round. Following the quarterfinals, the two victorious teams were re-seeded in the semifinal round, with the lowest-seeded remaining team paired with the tournament's highest seed and vis-versa for the other.
Bracket
See also
Big Sky Conference women's basketball tournament
References
Big Sky Conference men's basketball tournament
Tournament
Big Sky Conference men's basketball tournament
Big Sky Conference men's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Washington (state)
is a Japanese manga artist.  They are best known as the creator of the manga series Beastars, for which they have won the 2018 Manga Taishō, a Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize, a Kodansha Manga Award, and a Japan Media Arts Festival Award.  They are the daughter of manga artist Keisuke Itagaki.
Biography
Itagaki began painting in kindergarten, and started drawing manga in the second grade. As a teenager they developed the character Legoshi, an anthropomorphic wolf who would later appear in their manga series Beastars. They cite Disney movies and the artists Nicolas de Crécy and Egon Schiele as among their early influences.
They later attended Musashino Art University, where they studied filmmaking. They continued to pursue manga as a hobby while in university, creating dōjinshi that they would sell at dōjinshi conventions. After being unable to find a job in the film industry, Itagaki submitted their dōjinshi to editors at the publishing company Akita Shoten, which began publishing their short story collection Beast Complex in Weekly Shōnen Champion in 2016. That same year, Weekly Shōnen Champion began serializing Itagaki's critically and commercially acclaimed series Beastars.
In September 2019, Itagaki's autobiographical manga series Paruno Graffiti began serialization in Kiss.
In 2021, Itagaki launched a new manga series, titled Sanda, in the 34th issue of Weekly Shōnen Champion on July 21.
Personal life
Itagaki is highly private about their personal life and wears a chicken mask to obscure their face at all public appearances. Japanese tabloids reported in 2018 that Itagaki is the daughter of Keisuke Itagaki, the creator of the manga series Baki the Grappler; the claim was repeated in April 2019 by Le Monde. Itagaki confirmed these reports in a joint interview with their father in the September 2019 issue of Weekly Shonen Champion, stating that they did not wish to disclose their parentage until they were established in the manga industry in order to avoid accusations of nepotism.
Works
Serializations
(serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion, 2016–2019; 2021)
(serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion, 2016–2020)
(serialized in Kiss, 2019–2020)
(serialized in Weekly Manga Goraku, 2020–2021)
Sanda (serialized in Weekly Shōnen Champion, 2021–present)
One-shots
(published in Weekly Manga Goraku, 2018)
(published in Monthly Comic Zenon, 2019)
Awards and nominations
|-
! rowspan="1" | 2017
| rowspan="6" |Beastars
| Male Readers
| Kono Manga ga Sugoi!
|
|
|
|-
! rowspan="4" | 2018
| New Face Award
| Japan Media Arts Festival Awards, Manga Division
| rowspan=4;
|
|
|-
| Grand Prize
| Manga Taishō
|
|
|-
| New Artist Prize
| Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize
|
|
|-
| Best Shōnen Manga
| Kodansha Manga Award
|
|
|-
! 2020
| Best U.S. Edition of International Material—Asia
| Eisner Award
|
|
|
References
External links
Paru Itagaki on Twitter
Paru Itagaki on Tumblr
1993 births
Living people
Manga artists
Women manga artists
Manga artists from Tokyo
Winner of Kodansha Manga Award (Shōnen)
Manga Taishō
Winner of Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize (New Artist Prize)
Japanese female comics artists
People from Tokyo
Female comics writers
The Mastery of John Coltrane, Vol. I: Feelin' Good is a compilation album by American saxophonist John Coltrane, the first of a series of four compilations released on Impulse! between 1978 and 1979, all sharing the same cover artwork designed by Stuart Kusher, Richard Germinaro and Vigon Nahas Vigon. It features pieces recorded in 1965, seven in studio and one live. All the tracks were previously unissued in these mixes ("Joy" and "Living Space" having previously appeared with orchestral overdubs arranged by Alice Coltrane on the 1972 album Infinity) at the time of release. At present, the availability of said tracks is as follows:
- "Feelin' Good" and "Nature Boy": The John Coltrane Quartet Plays CD reissue
- "Dusk Dawn": Kulu Sé Mama CD reissue and Living Space
- "Living Space", "Untitled 90320" and "Untitled 90314": Living Space
- "Joy": First Meditations CD reissue
- "My Favorite Things": CD reissue of New Thing at Newport and My Favorite Things: Coltrane at Newport
Track listing
"Feelin' Good" – 6:24
"My Favorite Things" – 14:43
"Living Space" - 10:20
"Untitled 90320" – 10:39
"Untitled 90314" – 14:43
"Dusk Dawn" – 10:44
"Nature Boy" [First Version] – 6:58
"Joy" – 12:14
Personnel
John Coltrane – tenor and soprano saxophone
McCoy Tyner – piano
Art Davis (1 and 7 only), Jimmy Garrison – bass
Elvin Jones – drums
References
Impulse! Records compilation albums
John Coltrane compilation albums
1978 compilation albums
Compilation albums published posthumously
South Hummocks is a locality in the Mid North of South Australia at the head of Gulf St Vincent adjacent to Yorke Peninsula on the southeastern slopes of the Hummock Range.
Most of South Hummocks is part of the Hundred of Kulpara in the District Council of Barunga West, but a strip along the northern and eastern sides is part of Hundred of Cameron and A Hundred of Goyder in the Wakefield Regional Council. For federal elections, it is in the federal Division of Grey. It is in the state electoral district of Narungga.
South Hummocks formerly had a government school and a church. The former South Hummocks railway station on the Port Wakefield–Moonta railway line was just over the southern boundary in the locality of Port Arthur. The school opened in 1882 and closed in 1945. The post office opened in 1869, closed 1917 to 1925, then finally closed again in 1952.
References
Further reading
Towns in South Australia
Theodore Otto Langerfeldt (1841-1906) was a German-American architectural renderer and painter.
Biography
Langerfeldt was born March 2, 1841 in Bückeburg, then capital of the German principality of Schaumburg-Lippe. They studied architecture at the Polytechnic School of Hanover. Circa 1863 Langerfeldt moved to England, where they studied and worked as a painter for five years. In 1868 they came to the United States, settling in Boston. They were first noted in the Boston directories in 1870 as an architect with an office in the Studio Building. From 1875 until their death they are instead noted as a watercolor artist.
Langerfeldt was best known for their architectural subjects, and was often employed by architects of Boston and New York to prepare watercolor perspective renderings for competition entries or exhibitions. These included Charles B. Atwood, George A. Clough, George Keller, McKim, Mead & White, Peabody & Stearns, William G. Preston and Frederick W. Stickney. Presenting a watercolor by Langerfeldt with a competition design was considered a great advantage. In 1876, at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, one of their drawings received an award.
They were one of the first artists to provide professional rendering services to architects, preceding a later generation which included E. Eldon Deane, David A. Gregg and Hughson Hawley, among others. They largely withdrew from work for architects in the 1890s, as their health worsened. Following an illness of ten years, Langerfeldt died September 7, 1906 in Boston.
Langerfeldt signed their drawings "T. O. L." In addition to their architectural work, Langerfeldt also painted landscapes, and had a solo show at the Boston Art Club in 1874. Two of their landscapes are in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.
References
1841 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
20th-century American painters
German emigrants to the United States
Artists from Boston
People from Bückeburg
20th-century American male artists
Francisc Forika (born 16 June 1954) is a Romanian biathlete. They competed in the 10 km sprint event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Romanian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Romania
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Harghita County
The slender chained gecko (Lepidodactylus pumilus) is a species of gecko. It is found in Queensland and Cape York Peninsula in Australia, the Torres Strait Islands, and Papua New Guinea.
References
Lepidodactylus
Geckos of Australia
Reptiles of Papua New Guinea
Reptiles described in 1885
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Geckos of New Guinea
The 2008 Brisbane Broncos season was the 21st in the club's history. They competed in the NRL's 2008 Telstra Premiership, the centenary season of rugby league football in Australia. The Broncos finished the regular season 5th (out of 16) but were knocked out of the finals by eventual grand finalists Melbourne Storm for the second consecutive year.
Season summary
The Broncos started the season winning their first three games. 48–12 against the Penrith Panthers in round 1, 20–14 against the Sydney Roosters in round 2 and 36-2 against the North Queensland Cowboys in round 3. Round 3 gave way to an attendance of 50,612 people, the biggest crowd at Suncorp Stadium. The Broncos suffered their first loss of the 2008 season with a 28–8 loss to reigning premiers the Melbourne Storm in round 4.
Round 5 saw the Broncos have a 34–22 win over the Newcastle Knights at Energy Australia Stadium. Justin Hodges starred with a two try effort with Michael Ennis also scoring two tries, while always looking dangerous. Round 6 was a disappointing 26–24 loss for the Broncos to the red hot Gold Coast Titans. The Titans burst out of the blocks with a 16–0 lead after 20 mins. However the Broncos fought back strongly, with a missed goal from the sideline from Michael Ennis late in the second half the difference. In round 9, the Broncos lost their first match of the season while leading at halftime when they led 12–6 at halftime to lose 30–12 against the Manly Sea Eagles, it was also Broncos first loss for the season at Suncorp Stadium. In round 10, the Broncos lost their first back-to-back losses for the season when they lost to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks 13-6 at Toyota Park. The Broncos returned to the winners list with a very thrilling 30–26 win against the Parramatta Eels at Suncorp Stadium in round 12. Also Denan Kemp equalled the record for the most tries in a match for the Broncos with 4 tries against the Eels in round 12. Karmichael Hunt kicked their first ever field goal when they won the game for the Broncos 19-18 against the Wests Tigers in round 15. Also Nick Kenny scored their first ever try in first grade against the Tigers. The Broncos played out their first draw since round 25, 2004 and the first draw of the season with a hard fought 12–12 draw with the Penrith Panthers at CUA Stadium in round 16. In round 20, the Broncos won their first back to back wins since round 8 with a hard fort 18–12 win over the Cronulla Sharks at Suncorp Stadium. Joel Clinton has scored their first try for the Broncos in the Broncos 25–21 win over the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in round 24. In round 25, the Broncos secured another finals campaign with a 36–22 win over the Canterbury Bulldogs at Suncorp Stadium. The Broncos will compete in their 17th straight finals series. The Broncos took on the Sydney Roosters in the Qualifying Final and the Broncos turned an 8-point halftime deficit into an 8-point win coming from 16–8 down to win 24–16 at the SFS. The Broncos season came to an end when Greg Inglis crossed the line with 1 minute to play as the Broncos led the Melbourne Storm 14-12 in the semi-final at Suncorp Stadium. They lost 16–14.
After the NRL season, Brisbane's Darius Boyd was selected to make their international debut for Australia in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Results
Ladder
Scorers
Honours
League
Nil
Club
Player of the year: Sam Thaiday
Rookie of the year: Denan Kemp
Back of the year: Karmichael Hunt
Forward of the year: Sam Thaiday
Club man of the year: Matt Middleton
Casualties
Suspended
Justin Hodges
Squad
Bold Players have played International or State any year
Full Backs
Australian Karmichael Hunt
Australian Rodney Davies
Australian Denan Kemp
Australian Josh Hoffman
Wingers
Australian Darius Boyd
Australian Reece Robinson
Australian Steve Michaels
Australian Craig Frawley
Australian Tom Hewitt
Australian Kaine Manihera
Centres
Australian Justin Hodges
Australian Nick Emmett
Australian Joel Moon
Halves
Australian Darren Lockyer (c)
Scotland Peter Wallace
Australian Shane Perry
Hookers
Australian Michael Ennis
Australian Michael Roberts
Australian PJ Marsh
Australian Andrew McCullough
Props
Australian Ben Hannant
Australian Nick Kenny
Australian Sam Thaiday
Australian Dave Taylor
Australian Joel Clinton
Second Rowers
Australian David Stagg
Australian Corey Parker
Fiji Ashton Sims
Australian Derrick Watkins
Locks
Australian Tonie Carroll
New Zealander Greg Eastwood
Player movements
Toyota Cup results
QF Sydney Roosters vs Brisbane Broncos venue SFS
SF Melbourne Storm vs Brisbane Broncos venue Suncorp Stadium
See also
NRL season 2008
History of the Brisbane Broncos
Footnotes
External links
Brisbane Broncos official site
Brisbane Broncos seasons
Brisbane Broncos season
1942 Meistaradeildin was the inaugural season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. It was performed in knockout rounds rather than in a league format. KÍ Klaksvík defeated TB Tvøroyri by 4–1 in the championship final.
Qualifying round
East
Preliminary
The first leg was played on 21 June and the second leg on 28 June.
|}
Final
The first leg was played on 5 July and the second leg on 19 July.
|}
West
Preliminary
The first leg was played on 14 June and the second leg on 28 June.
|}
Final
The first leg was played on 12 July and the second leg on 19 July.
|}
South
Preliminary
The match was played on 14 June. A second leg was planned to be played on 21 June, but SVB withdrew after the first leg.
|}
Final
The match was played on 28 June. A second leg was planned to be played on 5 July, but Royn withdrew.
|}
Semi-finals
Match played on 26 July.
|}
Final
The match was played on 29 July.
|}
References
External links
Faroe Islands Premier League at Faroe Soccer (choose 1942)
Faroe Islands League final tables 1942–1950 by webalice.it
Faroese champions list by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Blackwater Creek may refer to various riverine features including:
in Australia
Blackwater Creek (New South Wales)
in the United States of America
Blackwater Creek (Lake County, Florida)
Blackwater Creek (Hillsborough County, Florida)
Throne is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within the County of Paintearth No. 18, located on Highway 12, southeast of Camrose, and southeast of Coronation, Alberta.
Localities in the County of Paintearth No. 18
Vol. IV is the fourth studio album from Mexican hip hop group Cartel de Santa. It was released on February 20, 2008, by Sony BMG and Babilonia Music. The album has featured guests such as Mery Dee and El Rapero Fracasado.
Background
The album, in Babo's words, was supposed to record in jail but Mexican laws forbade it, Babo and their own record label Babilonia Music recorded the album for free for Sony Music, a lot of fans supports to pay the bail.
Track listing
Babo Regresa - contains a sample from "Nada De Tu Amor" by Los Solitarios
Cuando Babo Zumba
El Cabrón - contains a sample from "Summer Breeze" by The Main Ingredient
Filosofía Rítmica
Brillo Humillo
Puro Cartel Pa' Arriba (ft. Mery Dee)
De México El Auténtico
Hay Mamita
Vato Sencillo
Esa Nena Mueve El Culo
Por Atrás
Siente Los Graves (ft. El Rapero Fracasado)
Cosas De La Vida
References
2008 albums
Cartel de Santa albums
Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine is a third-person shooter hack-n-slash video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by THQ. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on September 6, 2011, in North America and September 9, 2011, in Europe. The game takes place in Games Workshop's Warhammer 40,000 universes and features the Ultramarines chapter. Its gameplay focuses on a hybrid shooting and melee combat model.
Gameplay
In Space Marine, the player engages enemies with both melee and ranged from a third-person point of view. The player character, Titus, has regenerative abilities. When their health gets low, performing some actions can allow Titus to regain a portion of their health. Titus is accompanied by the characters Sidonus and Leandros for most of the missions, though some missions are performed alone. The game features a fury meter that, when filled up, grants rapid health regeneration and stronger melee attacks. This ability can later be upgraded with purity seals to improve the duration, the rate at which it recharges and the effectiveness of ranged attacks (slow motion when zoomed, faster fire rate and increased damage).
The starting weapons include a combat knife and a bolt pistol, though the player can acquire other weapons. The game also includes a new weapon not featured in the table-top game known as the Vengeance Launcher, which can shoot sticky fusion grenades.
The game's main antagonists are the Orks and the Forces of Chaos. The Orks are an alien race of brutish warriors. The Forces of Chaos are an even greater threat, and can summon monsters that live in a parallel dimension known as The Warp. Portals conjured by the Traitor Legions allow daemons to enter the battlefield.
Synopsis
Setting and characters
The events of the story take place on Forge World Graia, a planet devoted to producing military weapons for the Imperium of Man which has been invaded by alien Orks.
The game follows a Command Squad of three Ultramarines, a group of genetically-engineered, cybernetically enhanced super soldiers referred to in-universe as "Space Marines" or "Adeptus Astartes". The main characters are 2nd Company Commander and playable character Captain Titus (voiced by Mark Strong), their immediate subordinate Veteran Sergeant Sidonus, and a relatively inexperienced and by-the-book Tactical Marine named Leandros. Other notable characters include Imperial Guard commander Second Lieutenant Miranda 'Mira' Nero and Ordo Xenos Inquisitor Drogan.
Plot
After the invasion of Forge World Graia by Orks, Imperial military commanders consider various methods to regain control of Graia, especially since the loss of Graia's industrial output has greatly affected local Imperial war-making capabilities. In the end, it is decided to deploy a group of Space Marines of the Ultramarines chapter to reinforce local Imperial forces.
Initially upon arrival, the squad provides assistance to the outnumbered and overrun Imperial Guard regiments fighting on the planet's surface, which after the loss in battle of all higher-ranking officers are now being led by the sole surviving junior officer, Second Lieutenant Miranda 'Mira' Nero; they inform Titus of the present situation and briefly accompanies the squad to their next engagement. Titus agrees to silence the captured planetary defense cannon, which has been preventing supply ships from reaching the beleaguered defenders. This done, Mira thanks the Space Marines and continues to help Titus however they can over the course of the game, amidst re-organizing the remaining Imperial Guard forces and attempting to hold the majority of the invading hordes at bay until the delayed reinforcement fleet arrives. The Space Marines then move on to continue with their own mission and, amidst securing the Titan Invictus (one of a class of giant, bipedal war machines that are produced primarily on Graia and the principal reason for the Ultramarines' deployment there), answer a distress call from the injured Imperial Inquisitor Drogan, from whom they learn of a weapon that can wipe out the Orks, but which needs a power source that is located in a reactor below the Manufactorum. Titus retrieves it and activates the Psychic Scourge, but the Orks are not killed. Instead, a Warp gate to the psychic realm of Chaos is opened, unleashing several daemons that massacre the surrounding Orks. Moments later, the Chaos Lord Nemeroth emerges from the portal. Using their Warp powers, they subdue the Space Marine squad as Inquisitor Drogan arrives via lift and approaches Nemeroth, revealing their allegiance to the Chaos Lord. It is then revealed that Drogan was killed at some point prior to meeting Titus and their corpse was possessed and used by Nemeroth as a sleeper agent. Titus gathers enough strength to grab the Power Source, which had been ejected from the Scourge, and Nemeroth is ambushed by Grimskull, the Ork Warboss in charge of their invasion of Graia, allowing the Space Marines to escape.
The Scourge opens a growing Warp portal around the Orbital Spire, allowing Chaos forces to pour in; seeing this, Titus forms a plan to destroy the portal and the Spire by using one of the Titans they had secured earlier (their original mission). On the way, Titus faces Grimskull again and finally ends their lives with a plasma shot to the head after a grueling battle. The Titan Invictus is supercharged by the Power Source and destroys the Spire. Realizing that the Power Source is too dangerous to be entrusted by anyone, even the Inquisition, Titus decides to bring it back to the Chapter Master of The Ultramarine and the Chief Librarian so they can seal it in the Chapter's armory. However, Sidonus is killed by Nemeroth, the Power Source is stolen and taken to the floating remains of the Spire.
The reinforcement fleet now having finally arrived, including a company of Blood Ravens Space Marines, the rest of Titus's company and large numbers of Imperial Guard, Titus leads them in an attack through the remaining Chaos forces to stop Nemeroth from performing a ritual to ascend to the status of a Daemon Prince using the power of the device. Nemeroth has partially ascended to Daemonhood when Titus finally faces them again; both are knocked off the spire in the struggle, and the Captain defeats them in single combat while falling towards the ground. They then breaks the experimental device in half with their hands. Titus survives the exposure to the raw Warp energy again, and is rescued by a Thunderhawk drop-ship before they can impact the ground.
The end scene of the game involves a new Imperial Inquisitor by the name of Thrax, accompanied by Leandros and escorted by several Black Templar Space Marines, who places Titus under arrest. Leandros believes that their Captain has been corrupted by Chaos based on Titus' resistance to warp energies. Titus denies accusations of heresy and is backed up in this by Lieutenant Mira who also protests the accusation, but Titus warns them to back down, knowing the extent of the Inquisition's wrath. Titus is willing to find the cause of their own mysterious resistance to Chaos, and voluntarily goes with Inquisitor Thrax on the condition that the Inquisition leaves the planet, its inhabitants (including Mira) and their fellow Ultramarines alone. Before taking off from the planet, Titus chastises Leandros for their singleminded following of the Codex Astartes, and their inability to see past it and think for themselves - something Titus believes is the true test of a Space Marine.
A computerised report in Imperial records shows that the threat on Graia has been contained. The planet is under quarantine by order of Inquisitor Thrax, and Titus is under investigation by the Inquisition on charges of heresy.
Development and release
Developer Relic Entertainment recruited staff with experience of working on console titles to assist in the creation of the game. This included people who had worked on the Gears of War, God of War and Far Cry series.
THQ released a playable demo for Xbox 360 and PC on August 23, 2011 and for PlayStation 3 on August 24, 2011.
Two sequels were planned but were cancelled due to the closure of THQ.
On September 23, 2021, SEGA announced and released an Anniversary Edition of the game on PC with it being a free update to owners of the original game. The Anniversary Edition includes all of the officially released DLC as well as other digital items such as the soundtrack, strategy guide, art book, cards, ringtone, wallpapers, and the game's launch trailer.
On December 10, 2021 at the Game awards, its sequel titled Space Marine 2 was finally announced for PC, PS5 and Xbox Series S|X.
Downloadable content
Several character skins and models for Space Marine and Chaos Marine chapters have been released, along with content that was originally reserved for those who preordered the game. A new wave based game mode called "Exterminatus" was also made available for free download.
A downloadable content (DLC) package titled "Chaos Unleashed" was released on December 20, 2011. It adds a new mode to Exterminatus where players can take on the role of Chaos Space Marines as they fight both the Ork horde and Imperial Guard forces. The pack also includes three new multiplayer maps: Habs Ablaze, Station Tertius, and Aquila Canyon, which can be played in all multiplayer game modes, and ten new achievements and trophies.
An additional DLC package, "The Dreadnought", was released on January 24, 2012. This premium add-on added a new multiplayer mode called "Dreadnought Assault", in which two teams battle to capture a central location on the map and the winners spawn a player-controlled Dreadnought. The Dreadnought is armed with an Assault Cannon / Autocannon, a Meltagun and a Power Fist / Power Claw and the team must capture points across the map to score points. The Dreadnought DLC also includes three new multiplayer maps: Desolation, Dome Mechanicus, and Chem Refinery.
Music
The soundtrack for Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine was composed by Cris Velasco and Sascha Dikiciyan.
Reception
Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine has received "mixed or average" reviews for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 3, and "generally favorable" reviews for Xbox 360, according to review aggregator Metacritic. IGN praised the re-creation of the Warhammer 40,000 universes and the variety in the enemy encounters. GamePro complimented the visuals of the game and the blending of hack-and-slash and shooter gameplay, but criticized the campaign, claiming that it was linear and that some of the environments were uninspired.
Sequel
On December 9, 2021 Saber Interactive and Focus Entertainment announced Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine 2 with a cinematic trailer. It is confirmed that Captain Titus is making their return and has become a Primaris Space Marine. The trailer features Tyranids as enemies. It was also announced that the role of Titus had been recast, and they will now be voiced by Clive Standen.
References
External links
Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine at MobyGames
2011 video games
PlayStation 3 games
Third-person shooters
Hack and slash games
THQ games
Video games developed in Canada
S
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Relic Entertainment games
Video games about demons
Video games scored by Cris Velasco
Video games scored by Sascha Dikiciyan
Video games set on fictional planets
Ory Dessau (Hebrew: אורי דסאו) is an art curator and critic, working and living in Tel Aviv, Israel.
One of their renowned works, "Guess who died" , explored the image and physiognomy of Palestinian late president Yasser Arafat.
From 2003 Dessau is working as an independent curator with different art institutes in Israel, such as Tel-Aviv Museum of Art, Ein Harod Museum of Art and Herzliya Museum for contemporary Art. In July 2007 Dessau was chosen to curate the annual "Omanut Haaretz" ("Art of the Country") exhibition at the Sukkot holiday in September .
External links
Ory Dessau interview on CNN.
"Yasir, The Icon" Story from the Jewish Week magazine.
"Guess Who Died" Exhibition on Dvir Gallery Tel Aviv.
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Israeli art critics
Israeli curators
Israeli Jews
Anthony DeWayne "Tony" Woodruff (born November 12, 1958 in Hazen, Arkansas) is a former American football wide receiver who played for three seasons in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1982–1984. They were a member of the San Francisco 49ers during training camp in 1986. They were drafted by the Eagles in the ninth round of the 1982 NFL Draft. They played college football at Fresno State.
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
Woodruff was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the ninth round of the 1982 NFL Draft. They played in only one game in 1982. On July 17, 1983, Woodruff broke their collarbone while attempting a diving catch during the first practice session of training camp, and missed the next eight weeks. They were waived on September 2, 1985.
San Francisco 49ers
Woodruff signed with the San Francisco 49ers on June 25, 1986, but was released on August 16 during training camp.
Arrest
Woodruff was arrested on a cocaine possession charge on May 9, 1986 when police found six grams of cocaine in the car they were driving, shortly before they were signed by the 49ers. They were ordered to stand trial on January 8, 1987. They were placed in a drug diversion program in their hometown of Fresno, California to avoid prosecution.
References
1958 births
Living people
Players of American football from Arkansas
American football wide receivers
Los Angeles Harbor Seahawks football players
Fresno State Bulldogs football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
San Francisco 49ers players
People from Hazen, Arkansas
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
Abdulrasheed Umaru Ibrahim (, born 12 August 1999), is a Qatari professional footballer who plays as a forward for Qatar Stars League side Al Ahli.
Renowned for specific ability of shooting, marksmanship and physical strength, and hailed as a super-sub, Abdulrasheed Umaru is widely regarded to be one of the most promising talents of the Qatari football.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Individual
AFC U-19 Championship Top Goalscorer: 2018 (7 goals)
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Qatari footballers
Qatari expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Aspire Academy (Qatar) players
K.A.S. Eupen players
Al Ahli SC (Doha) players
Qatar Stars League players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Qatari expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Qatar under-20 international footballers
Qatar youth international footballers
Columbus Circle, also known as Union Station Plaza or Columbus Plaza, is a traffic circle at the intersection of Delaware, Louisiana and Massachusetts Avenues and E and First Streets, Northeast in Washington, D.C. It is located in front of Union Station right next to the grounds of the United States Capitol. Union Station and its access roads interrupt this circle on one side, forming an arc.
The Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building is located on the eastern side and the National Postal Museum is on the western side of the plaza next to Union Station. Both buildings are on the northern side of Massachusetts Avenue NE.
History
In 1907, Union Station opened on the site of what was once a poor Irish neighborhood called Swampoodle. Most of the land around it had been leveled and all the houses razed. The area in front of the Station originally was called Union Station Plaza or the Plaza of Union Station.
The plaza was put through a massive renovation between 2011 and 2013.
Structures
The centerpiece of the circle is the Columbus Fountain, flanked by three flagpoles, designed by Daniel Burnham and sculpted by Lorado Taft. It was unveiled on June 8, 1912 in a three-day celebration involving tens of thousands of people (including the US Army, Navy and Marines) and several dignitaries including President William H. Taft and the Italian Ambassador to the United States. Parades, concerts and fireworks drow citizens of the city and many Knights of Columbus from around the country. It was not part of the original design of the Circle or of Union Station. This is when the plaza started to be called Columbus Circle due to the monument present in its center.
Two small fountains on each side of the Columbus Fountain frame the circle along with several stone balustrades. These fountains are accessible by the two staircases located on both sides of the central fountain.
The circle is ringed by flags of each of the 50 U.S. states in order of admission to the Union plus the flags of the U.S. territories and the District of Columbia. The flag poles are located on the southern side of the road.
Access
Columbus Circle being located in front of Union Station is very accessible with various means of transportation.
Two streetcars lines used to circle on Columbus sharing tracks: the Capitol Traction Company and the Washington Railway & Electric Company. The Capitol Traction Company went down New Jersey Avenue NW, turning on Massachusetts Avenue NW and exiting on the opposite side of the Circle to F Street NE. Today the streetcar stops on the opposite side of the station.
Cars were always present but the traffic patterns changed over the years. In the early days, cars could park around the plaza. As cars started taking over, other alternatives had to be found and parking on or near the plaza was no longer possible. Union Station struggled with parking until the 1980s when a parking lot was built on the back of station. Today, cars can drive around the circle to continue on Massachusetts Avenue but parking or stopping is forbidden. Cars can drive between the station and the Columbus Fountain on two access roads but they can only drop off or pickup passengers from the station.
Today, Columbus Plaza is mainly pedestrian with large walkways and several crosswalks providing access. On the station side, the crosswalk do not have lights due to the low speed of vehicles but on Southside, traffic lights offer a safer access for pedestrians.
A Capital Bikeshare station is located on the side of Union Station off of F Street NE. Bike racks are available in front of Union Station and in 2009, DDOT announced the construction of the Bikestation on the west side of Union Station right off the plaza where the bike lane ends.
References
External links
http://www.hmdb.org/marker.asp?marker=8442
Squares, plazas, and circles in Washington, D.C.
Capitol Hill
Northeast (Washington, D.C.)
Mark Lee (born 29 March 1959 in Mildura, Victoria), known affectionately as "The General" is a former Australian rules football player for the Richmond Football Club. Recruited from Richmond's country zone in Mildura, Lee played a couple of games in 1977 but took off the following year as the team's regular ruckman, allowing David Cloke to become a centre-half-forward and solving a problem the team had had since the loss of Michael Green and Brian Roberts a few years beforehand. They remained static in 1979, but the following year Lee moved into the elite of Australian Rules as their ability as a knock ruckman combined with the running power of fellow Mildura recruit Dale Weightman, Robert Wiley, Geoff Raines and Bryan Wood to give one of the most potent forward lines in Australian Rules history an abundance of ball.
The Tigers won eleven successive matches early in the 1980 VFL season and, after a slump as injuries took toll late on the home-and-away rounds, returned to their most devastating form in the finals. They easily beat in the Qualifying Final, withstood a powerful defence in the Second Semi, and set a record winning margin against a jaded side in the Grand Final. Although Kevin Bartlett unanimously won the Norm Smith Medal, Lee's form in annihilating reigning Brownlow Medallist Peter Moore in the ruck was widely praised and Lee was seen as a "superstar" for the 1980s.
However, as it turned out Lee never lived up to what was expected of them during the 1980s. 1981 was a mediocre season, and 1982 began with Lee hit by a succession of injuries. They broke their wrist in a practice match and did not play until the eighth round, then hamstring trouble kept them idle after one match until the thirteenth round. When Lee did return for good, Michael Roach had been so successful in the ruck that Lee was used initially at full forward; but though they kicked nine goals against in Round 17 that experiment did not last. In the 1982 VFL Grand Final against Carlton Lee's nullification by Warren "Wow" Jones was a decisive factor in Richmond's loss.
1983 and 1984 saw Lee back to their 1980 form as unchallenged Number One ruckman for the Tigers, in spite of the club declining to near the bottom of the ladder with only seven wins in 1983 and ten in 1984. Lee was regarded as a leading candidate for the Brownlow in both seasons and in 1984 won their club's best-and-fairest by a record margin, in the process being listed as one of the VFL "Players of the Year". However, 1985 saw a succession of major injuries begin to decimate the remainder of Mark Lee's career: they missed the second half of 1985 with medial ligament damage to their left knee and from 1986 to 1991 played just eighty-seven senior games. After two games in 1991, Lee was dropped to the reserves and they retired officially mid-season. Lee then switched to Burnie Tigers in Tasmania as captain-coach for two seasons in 1992 and 1993 and continued as non-playing coach for one more year after merging with Burnie Hawks.
 They are now a Senior Constable within Victoria Police and is currently based in their home town of Mildura.
References
Hogan P: The Tigers of Old, Richmond FC, Melbourne 1996
External links
Living people
Richmond Football Club players
Richmond Football Club Premiership players
Burnie Football Club players
Victorian State of Origin players
Jack Dyer Medal winners
All-Australians (1953–1988)
1959 births
People educated at Melbourne High School
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australia international rules football team players
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
The Dubs Star Football and Hurling Challenge is an annual exhibition match played on New Year's Day between Dublin and a select Dub Stars team in both codes of Gaelic football and hurling.
2017
Football
Hurling
References
Sport in County Dublin
Weston Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,336 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the western part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Washington Township - North
Plain Township - East
Liberty Township - South-Eastern corner
Milton Township - South
Richfield Township, Henry County - South-Western corner
Damascus Township, Henry County - West
Grand Rapids Township - Northwest
Part of the village of Weston is located in southeastern Weston Township.
Name and history
Weston Township was established in 1830. It is the only Weston Township statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
The Weston Township Hall is located at the intersection of Euler and Van Tassel roads, just north of Weston.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Goleníshchev-Kutúzov () may refer to
Arseny Golenishchev-Kutuzov (1848–1913), Russian poet
Ilya Golenishchev-Kutuzov (1904–1969), Russian philologist, poet and translator
Mikhail Illarionovich Golenishchev-Kutuzov (1745–1813), Russian field marshal and prince
See also
Kutuzov (surname)
Kutuzov (disambiguation)
A hyperbaric stretcher is a lightweight pressure vessel for human occupancy (PVHO) designed to accommodate one person undergoing initial hyperbaric treatment during or while awaiting transport or transfer to a treatment chamber.
Originally developed as advanced diving equipment, it has since been used for other medical conditions such as altitude sickness, carbon monoxide poisoning and smoke inhalation, air and gas embolism and is viewed as potentially important equipment for the early treatment of blast related injuries within the combat zone with the anticipated benefit that traumatic brain injury may not develop in the ensuing months.
There is currently only one unit approved under the US National Standard - ASME PVHO-1 (2007) and Case 12. This unit, known as the SOS Hyperlite or by the US military as the EEHS (Emergency Evacuation Hyperbaric Stretcher) is, or has been, in service with the US Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, NOAA and NASA as well as being supplied to other Government Agencies. The EEHS has a length of 2.26 metres (89 inches) and a diameter of 59 cm. (23.5 inches) and operates at a pressure of up to 2.3 bar (33 psi) above ambient pressure with a built-in safety factor of over 6:1. It is pressurised with air and the occupant breathes oxygen or air through a demand mask (BIBS) during treatment.
References
External links
SOS Hyperlite
Pressure vessels
Melvin Earl Cummings (August 13, 1876 – July 21, 1936), also known as M. Earl Cummings, was an American sculptor active in San Francisco, California.
Biography
Melvin Earl Cummings was born on August 13, 1876 in Salt Lake City, Utah. At the age of 20, their entire family moved to San Francisco. They studied sculpture first at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in San Francisco, under Arthur Mathews and later Douglas Tilden, and subsequently from 1900 to 1903 at the École des Beaux-Arts, Paris, under Louis Noël and Antonin Mercié.
After their return to San Francisco, they became professor of sculpture at the Mark Hopkins Institute (now San Francisco Art Institute), which position they retained to 1915. In addition, in 1906 they were appointed instructor in modeling (and later promoted to assistant professor) in the University of California, Berkeley's School of Architecture, which position they held until their death. They were succeeded in their role at U.C. Berkeley by Jacques Schnier.
Cummings also served on San Francisco's Golden Gate Park Board of Park Commissioners from 1904 until their death, and several of their works are located in the park. Their son, Ramy Ramsdale Cummings, was the model for their father's "Indian Boy" statue in the Pool of Enchantment grouping, and a Bohemian Club photographer.
Selected works
Statue of John McLaren at the John McLaren Memorial Rhododendron Dell, Golden Gate Park.
The Doughboy at the Grove of Memory, Golden Gate Park.
Statue of Robert Burns, Golden Gate Park.
Pool of Enchantment, M. H. deYoung Memorial Museum, Golden Gate Park.Neptune's Daughter, Golden Gate Park.
Sun Dial, Golden Gate Park.
Becker Fountain, Golden Gate Park.
Rideout Fountain, Golden Gate Park.
Le Soif Fountain, Washington Square, San Francisco.
Bas-relief of George Hearst, Mining Building, University of California.
Portrait of General Richard W. Young'', Capitol, Salt Lake City, Utah.
References
External links
Calisphere article
San Francisco Public Library blog post about Cummings' work, Part 1.
San Francisco Public Library blog post about Cummings' work, Part 2.
1876 births
1936 deaths
20th-century American sculptors
Artists from San Francisco
UC Berkeley College of Environmental Design faculty
Sebastián Zurita Bach (born 22 November 1986) is a Mexican actor.
Biography
The eldest son of actors Humberto Zurita and Christian Bach, Sebastián Zurita Bach made their acting debut as a child, appearing in Cañaveral de Pasiones (1996) as young Pablo Montero. After several years, the then 21-year-old actor made their television return in En Nombre del Amor (2008) as Emiliano Saenz. A year later, Zurita joined the cast of the 2009 remake of the telenovela Corazón Salvaje inspired by the original 1956 novel by Caridad Bravo Adams. They also starred in the 2010 film Ángel Caído, along with their father and younger brother Emiliano Zurita.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1986 births
Mexican male child actors
Mexican male telenovela actors
Mexican male film actors
Male actors from Mexico City
Living people
Mexican people of Argentine descent
Mexican people of German descent
Mexican people of Italian descent
21st-century Mexican male actors
KYKR (95.1 FM, "Kicker 95.1") is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Beaumont, Texas, it serves the Beaumont/Port Arthur metropolitan area, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. The "Kicker" branding and country format were first broadcast on 93.3 FM (now KQBU-FM) under the current call sign in 1980, owned and operated by Steve Hicks. Its studios are located southeast of the I-10/US 69 interchange in Beaumont, and its transmitter is located in Vidor, Texas.
History
The FCC allocated 95.1 facility in Beaumont received an initial License to Cover on November 27, 1961 as KHGM, owned by Gerald Proctor under the entity of Woodland Broadcasting Company. The facility is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.
For many years, KYKR was located at 93.3 FM, which had first begun as KCAW-FM, the FM companion to 1510 KCAW Port Arthur and owned by Jimmie Joynt. Jimmie sold the station when they moved to Dallas to start Superior Broadcast Products. The KYKR call was issued to 93.3 in 1980 and was owned by the Hicks family of Beaumont (Steve Hicks most notably of CapStar; their father, John Hicks, had owned 560 KLVI since the 1960s) and was moved to the 2000 ft. tower in Devers in 1991 after Steve Hicks had purchased this facility. 93.3 was then sold to Tichenor Media, now Univision, resulting in the KYKR calls and format being permanently moved to this frequency.
This was possible as a result of then Top 40/CHR station "B95" KZZB going silent at 7 p.m. on November 26, 1991, prompting Gulfstar to purchase the 95.1 signal and ultimately place KYKR's country format on it, and then selling 93.3 to Tichenor Media, which began targeting Houston with the new signal that had just been rebuilt in Devers. 93.3 and 95.1 simulcasts briefly before the latter frequency became KYKR's full-time home in the summer of 1992.
KYKR achieved some of its greatest ratings and revenue success from 1999 to 2009 under the direction of program director Mickey Ashworth. During this decade, the lineup included Big D & Bubba in the mornings, Mickey Ashworth mid-days, Jim King of the Road afternoons, and Lia nights.
References
External links
Kicker 95.1 Website
Country radio stations in the United States
YKR
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Texas
IHeartMedia radio stations
The puna thistletail (Asthenes helleri) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
References
puna thistletail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
puna thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fibiger is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the northern pole. The nearest major feature is the Byrd crater. The crater was adopted and named after Danish pathologist Johannes Andreas Grib Fibiger in 2009 by the IAU. Located just north of Fibiger are craters Erlanger and Peary, which are 9.9 km and 73 km in diameter, respectively.
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
LQ01 quadrangle
Impact craters on the Moon
"Nadia's Theme", originally titled "Cotton's Dream", is a piece of music composed by Barry De Vorzon and Perry Botkin Jr. in 1971. It was originally used as incidental music for the 1971 film Bless the Beasts and Children, and is better known as the theme music to the television soap opera The Young and the Restless since the series premiered in 1973. "Cotton's Dream" was renamed "Nadia's Theme" after it became associated with Olympic gymnast Nadia Comăneci during and after the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The piece was originally released on the original 1971 Bless the Beasts and Children soundtrack, then a 1974 cover version by easy listening group Sounds of Sunshine was produced. After it became associated with Comăneci during the 1976 Olympics, the piece was later released as a single in August of that year. Other versions of "Nadia's Theme" have since been recorded. The piece has also been sampled by other artists, and has been used regularly by other radio and television programs.
Origins
De Vorzon and Botkin Jr. composed this piece of music, originally titled "Cotton's Dream", as incidental music for the 1971 feature film Bless the Beasts and Children. The instrumental version was commercially released on that film's soundtrack album on A&M Records. The soundtrack also included "Lost", a song set to this melody, performed by Renée Armand. The single release, under the new title, was electronically patched to extend the song by almost a minute for commercial airplay.
Botkin Jr. later composed a rearranged version of the instrumental theme for the long-running television soap opera The Young and the Restless, which premiered on March 26, 1973, on CBS. Although a soundtrack album for the television series was released by P.I.P. Records in 1974, the LP only contained a cover version by easy listening group Sounds of Sunshine, rather than the original recording by De Vorzon and Botkin.
Association with Nadia Comăneci
In late July or early August 1976, ABC's sports anthology program Wide World of Sports produced a montage of Romanian gymnast Nadia Comăneci's routines during the 1976 Summer Olympics and used "Cotton's Dream" as the background music. It was this national television montage that cemented the association of the tune with Comăneci in the public mind. (Comăneci themselves never performed their floor exercises using this piece of music, however. They used a piano arrangement of a medley of the songs "Yes Sir, That's My Baby" and "Jump in the Line".)
On May 18, 1997, Nadia Comaneci and Bart Conner guest-starred in the Season 3 finale of Touched by an Angel (titled "A Delicate Balance"), during which they performed a brief floor exercise within a montage scene to "Nadia's Theme".
1976 releases
Viewer inquiries about the music from the Wide World of Sports montage prompted a commercial release of the 1971 version of the song as a single through A&M Records on August 28, 1976. This recording was identical to "Cotton's Dream," with a repeat from the bridge to the end edited in to lengthen the piece. The single was titled "Nadia's Theme" and was a commercial success, charting for 22 weeks and peaking at No. 8 in the Billboard Hot 100 on the week ending December 11, 1976. A&M Records failed to credit De Vorzon as the co-writer on the first pressings of the single. They successfully sued the record label for $241,000.
In October 1976, as the De Vorzon–Botkin version released by A&M climbed the charts, P.I.P. Records released a single containing the Sounds of Sunshine's vocal and instrumental versions under the title "Nadia's Theme". The label also re-released the 1974 soundtrack LP, now stickered to say it contained "Nadia's Theme", although it still only contained the cover version. That same month, Barry De Vorzon capitalized on the success of the song by releasing it on their first album, Nadia's Theme. Soon after, Sounds of Sunshine released their own Nadia's Theme album.
On November 23, 1976, CBS further entrenched the song's association with Comăneci by using the melody in its broadcast of "Nadia—From Romania with Love", a one-hour television special hosted by Flip Wilson, co-produced by CBS and Televiziunea Romana. The De Vorzon & Botkin version of the song was not released on CD until Eric Records included it on the 2003 compilation Hard to Find Orchestral Instrumentals II. An extract from the tune is used regularly as a jingle by BBC Radio 2 disk jockey Steve Wright on their Steve Wright's Sunday Love Songs.
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Alternate versions
Other versions of "Nadia's Theme" have been recorded, including easy listening renditions by such artists as Ronnie Aldrich, Ray Conniff, Ferrante & Teicher, the orchestra of The Lawrence Welk Show, Roger Williams and James Galway; a semi-rock version by The Ventures; and David Hasselhoff's vocal rendition, which incorporated De Vorzon's and Botkin Jr.'s lyrics, for their 1987 album Lovin' Feelings. There was also a vocal version by The Sounds Of Sunshine released as a single on p.i.p.(Pickwick International Production) records.
The Young and the Restless began using a light remix of "Nadia's Theme" in 1988, then switched to a jazz arrangement during a three-year stint in the early 2000s before returning to the 1988 version.
The song was sampled in a piece of music from the 1993 video game, Aero the Acro-Bat.
Cuban Link samples Nadia's Theme in their song Flowers For The Dead.
R&B musician Mary J. Blige included the instrumental version as a backdrop in their 2001 single, "No More Drama". Botkin, who had never heard of Blige prior to this was delighted to get a writing credit, saying: "I woke up one morning and I'm on the cutting edge of R&B,” says the composer, who now specializes in electronic music. ”These days, I'm completely removed from pop music — except when [royalty] checks arrive.".
Sonshine Media Network International in the Philippines used the piece as background music following a series of montages for the Glory Mountain in Mt. Apo, Davao City.
A alternate arrangement was used for the series premiere promo in 1973.
Awards
Grammy Awards:
Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement, 1978
References
External links
"Rings ‘n' Things: 10 Best Facts About the Olympics in Pop Culture." Time, August 2, 2012
"Did Nadia Comaneci compete to 'Nadia's Theme' in the 1976 Olympics?." Los Angeles Times, July 23, 2012.
1973 songs
1976 singles
A&M Records singles
1970s instrumentals
Television drama theme songs
The Young and the Restless
Songs written for films
Songs written by Barry De Vorzon
Songs written by Perry Botkin Jr.
This is a list of cleft lip and palate organisations around the world.
Seitebogo Peta Cleft Palate Foundation
Canada
Transforming Faces Worldwide
AboutFace
China
Smile Angel Foundation
India
Smile Train India
United Kingdom
Cleft Lip and Palate Association
Facing the World
Project Harar
United States
American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association
Smile Train
Operation Smile
ReSurge International
Shriners Hospitals for Children
Smile Network International
A Thousand Smiles Foundation
Alliance for Smiles
References
Dental organizations
Cleft
Oral and maxillofacial surgery organizations
Electroslag welding (ESW) is a highly productive, single pass welding process for thick (greater than 25 mm up to about 300 mm) materials in a vertical or close to vertical position. (ESW) is similar to electrogas welding, but the main difference is the arc starts in a different location. An electric arc is initially struck by wire that is fed into the desired weld location and then flux is added. Additional flux is added until the molten slag, reaching the tip of the electrode, extinguishes the arc. The wire is then continuously fed through a consumable guide tube (can oscillate if desired) into the surfaces of the metal workpieces and the filler metal are then melted using the electrical resistance of the molten slag to cause coalescence. The wire and tube then move up along the workpiece while a copper retaining shoe that was put into place before starting (can be water-cooled if desired) is used to keep the weld between the plates that are being welded. Electroslag welding is used mainly to join low carbon steel plates and/or sections that are very thick. It can also be used on structural steel if certain precautions are observed, and for large cross-section aluminium busbars. This process uses a direct current (DC) voltage usually ranging from about 600 A and 40-50 V, higher currents are needed for thicker materials. Because the arc is extinguished, this is not an arc process.
History
The process was patented by Robert K Hopkins in the United States in February 1940 (patent 2191481) and developed and refined at the Paton Institute, Kiev, USSR during the 1940s. The Paton method was released to the west at the Bruxelles Trade Fair of 1950. The first widespread use in the U.S. was in 1959, by General Motors Electromotive Division, Chicago, for the fabrication of traction motor frames. In 1968 Hobart Brothers of Troy, Ohio, released a range of machines for use in the shipbuilding, bridge construction and large structural fabrication industries.
Between the late 1960s and late 1980s, it is estimated that in California alone over a million stiffeners were welded with the electroslag welding process. Two of the tallest buildings in California were welded, using the electroslag welding process - The Bank of America building in San Francisco, and the twin tower Security Pacific buildings in Los Angeles.
The Northridge earthquake and the Loma Prieta earthquakes provided a "real world" test to compare all of the welding processes. After the Northridge earthquake, one billion dollars were needed to repair weld cracks propagated in welds made with the gasless flux cored wire process, while no failures or crack propagations were initiated in any of the hundreds of thousands of welds made on continuity plates welded with the Electroslag welding process.
However the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) monitored the new process and found that electroslag welding, because of the very large amounts of confined heat used, produced a coarse-grained and brittle weld and in 1977 banned the use of the process for many applications. The FHWA commissioned research from universities and industry and Narrow Gap Improved Electro Slag Welding (NGI-ESW) was developed as a replacement. The FHWA moratorium was rescinded in 2000.
Benefits
Benefits of the process include its high metal deposition rates—it can lay metal at a rate between 15 and 20 kg per hour (35 and 45 lb/h) per electrode—and its ability to weld thick materials. Many welding processes require more than one pass for welding thick workpieces, but often a single pass is sufficient for electroslag welding. The process is also very efficient, since joint preparation and materials handling are minimized while filler metal utilization is high. The process is also safe and clean, with no arc flash and low weld splatter or distortion. Electroslag welding easily lends itself to mechanization, thus reducing the requirement for skilled manual welders.
One electrode is commonly used to make welds on materials with a thickness of 25 to 75 mm (1 to 3 in), and thicker pieces generally require more electrodes. The maximum workpiece thickness that has ever been successfully welded was a 0.91 m (36 in) piece that required the simultaneous use of six electrodes to complete.
References
Further reading
Cary, Howard B. and Scott C. Helzer (2005). Modern Welding Technology. Upper Saddle River, New Jersey: Pearson Education. .
Serope Kalpakjan and Steven R. Schmid. Manufacturing Engineering and Technology. Fifth Edition. Upper Saddle River, New Jersey.
<Practical Welding Letter></Issue #007>. Feb 29, 2004.
Arc welding
New Song may refer to:
"A New Song", a pamphlet of poems, chants, ballads and songs published by the International Workers Order in 1938
Music
Songs
"New Song" (Howard Jones song), a 1983 song
"New Song" (Warpaint song), a 2016 song
"New Song" (The Who song), a 1978 song
"New Song", a song by Avail from their 2000 album One Wrench
"New Song" a song by UK Pop-Punk band Son of Dork
"New Song", a song by Sublime on their debut album 40 Oz. to Freedom
Other
NewSong, a contemporary Christian music group
New Song, a music ministry and recording group sponsored by Geneva College
The New Song movement, Nueva canción, an Ibero-American movement and musical genre whose lyrics focus on social justice issues, originating in the 2016
The New Song, La Nova Cançó, a Catalan music movement during francoism
Churches
New Song Church, a church in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, United States
Newsong Church, a church in Santa Ana, California, United States, which was formerly a megachurch with several global locations
See also
, for a listing of songs titled "New"
Bedabrata Pyne(; born 27 March 1963) is an Indian scientist turned film director, producer and screenwriter. Bedabrata Pain was also a member of the team that invented the CMOS image sensor. Bedabrata Pyne has also won National Film Award for Best Debut Film of a Director for Chittagong.
Biography
Early life and education
Bedabrata's father was born in Dhaka and their mother came from Faridpur. Bedabrata Pyne did their schooling in St. Lawrence High School in Calcutta & South Point High School and ranked 3rd in Madhyamik Exam (West Bengal State Board - 10th Standard Exam) and 5th in Higher Secondary Exam (West Bengal State Board - 12th Standard Exam). They then studied Electronics & Electrical Comm. Engg. (ECE) in IIT Kharagpur (1982–1986), They got an Ivy League scholarship. Later they went to Columbia University, New York and received their M.S and PhD in Applied physics in 1992. Their future wife Shonali Bose also did their master's degree in Political Science from Columbia University.
Academic career
In 1993, Bedabrata Pyne joined the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology and later managed JPL's image sensor and focal-plane technology research and advanced development. Since 1993, they were associated with NASA. Concurrent with their NASA work, they taught courses on CMOS imaging at UCLA, chaired international conferences, and was the invited speaker at several conferences. They have published over 150 technical papers, and won several awards, including the Lew-Allen Award for Excellence.
Invention
In the 1990s, Bedabrata Pyne was part of a team that invented the active pixel sensor technology that produced the world's smallest camera and has been inducted to the US Space Technology Hall of Fame. Now it is used from cell-phone cameras to movie cameras (such as those used by RED) to those in space telescopes.
Achievements and awards
Bedabrata Pyne had worked for NASA for 15 years as senior research scientist before quitting NASA in December 2008. Pain has 87 invention patents to their credit.
Personal life
Bedabrata Pyne was married to Shonali Bose. Now they are based in Los Angeles. Bedabrata and Shonali had two sons - Ishan and Vivan. They lost their son Ishan, who died at a young age in an accident on 3 September 2010.
Film career
Bedabrata was the executive producer of the award-winning film Amu in 2005. They were the principal researcher for the documentary called Lifting the Veil on the impact of globalisation in India, and the writer of the book titled 'Behind the events in Kashmir'. They directed critically acclaimed film Chittagong starring Manoj Bajpai, Vega Tamotia, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Barry John and Dibyendu Bhattacharya. Bedabrata, shot the film Chittagong with the same digital imaging technology that they with other NASA scientists had invented.
Bedabrata undertook a 10,000 km journey, alongside young physicists Rajashik Tarafder and Sristy Agrawal, to Mid-West USA to document the lives of farmers for their upcoming film Déjà vu.
Filmography
See also
Active pixel sensor
California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Center for Detectors
Space Technology Hall of Fame
References
External links
Living people
Columbia University alumni
IIT Kharagpur alumni
Indian Institutes of Technology alumni
Film directors from West Bengal
Indian male screenwriters
Hindi-language film directors
Film producers from West Bengal
1963 births
Hindi film producers
21st-century Indian film directors
Director whose film won the Best Debut Feature Film National Film Award
Producers who won the Best Debut Feature Film of a Director National Film Award
Adolph Theodore Laudenberg (June 13, 1926 – June 26, 2015), known as The Santa Strangler, was an American serial killer who murdered three women in the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles and one in San Francisco during the 1970s, and is the prime suspect for another two similar murders. Despite confessing to the killings to two daughters-in-law decades apart, they were only arrested in 2002, after DNA evidence connected them to the crimes. They were convicted of one murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with the possibility of parole.
Early life
Adolph Laudenberg was born in Lexington, Kentucky in 1926, to a German immigrant butcher and their wife, who died a few years after their birth. At some point, they took up whittling unique walking canes, made from salvaged wood and manzanita shrubs, which they would either give away or sell for $10 on the street. While serving in the naval construction battalion in Trinidad, British West Indies in 1944, Laudenberg met their future wife, Annelle. They adopted their son, Steve, and the couple then moved to California permanently, after Adolph left the service. They then got a job as a security guard at a steel plant, before turning towards being a cab driver in the San Pedro area in the late 1960s.
According to neighbors, the Laudenbergs were an odd fit - Annelle worked at a dance studio, was outgoing and health conscious, while Adolph was a generous, but reclusive man who mostly kept to himself. Despite their differences, their marriage lasted 30 years before the couple separated, as Annelle, who didn't return their husband's feelings of love, outed themselves as a stripper. Adolph remarried, but divorced again. At some point, they travelled for a short time to New Orleans, before returning to San Pedro.
Murders
Using their job as a cabby, Laudenberg's modus operandi consisted of picking up lonely, alcoholic or ill women who reminded them of their ex-wife, whom they would then bind, rape and strangle, either in Los Angeles or San Francisco. They were questioned by police during the initial investigations, but denied everything, and since the perpetrator left barely any clues behind, they were let off.
Proven
Lois Petrie (43) - an alcoholic whose husband had recently died from cancer, Petrie was last seen at a San Pedro bar on Christmas, 1972. The following day, they were found strangled in their apartment's bedroom, partially nude and with signs of sexual assault.
Catherine Medina (50) - on August 18, 1974, Medina was discovered in a local San Pedro bar by their husband, who forced them out after an argument. As the couple walked home, the drunk Catherine ran away and jumped into the van of an unidentified man, which sped off. They aren't found until the following day, when their nude body was found beside some bushes in Harbor Lake Recreational Park.
Anna Felch (54) - about a month after the Medina killing, on September 4, the killer struck again. Felch, who worked at a hot dog stand on Cabrillo Beach, disappeared after leaving a San Pedro bar in the dead of night, inebriated. A few hours later, a construction worker found their body a few blocks away. Felch had been sexually assaulted and thereafter, strangled to death.
Leah Griffin (60) - a legal secretary and heavy drinker who had recently been diagnosed with breast cancer, Griffin was bound, raped and strangled at a residential hotel in San Francisco in April 1975.
Suspected
Irene Hind (55) - owner of a San Francisco bar on Larkin Street, named "Irene's Domar Club". A generous woman who helped the people who frequented their place, they were found raped and strangled on March 12, 1974.
Maude Burgess (83) - a retiree who helped with the management of their San Francisco apartment building, the elderly Burgess was found raped and strangled in their apartment in November 1974. A partial fingerprint was located at the scene, but it was found to not match Laudenberg.
Arrest, trial and imprisonment
In 1975, Laudenberg confessed to their future daughter-in-law that they had killed four women, three in San Pedro and one in San Francisco, which they called their 'four sins'. The woman believed their story and told the authorities, and despite their efforts, they couldn't prove the veracity of the claims. In 2002, however, they did the same to their son's ex-wife Renee, explaining what they did in far greater detail. They notified the San Luis Obispo police, who, now armed with advances in DNA, began re-examining the cold cases. Since Laudenberg had no criminal record, they had to find a way to obtain their DNA through other means.
An undercover officer invited Adolph over some coffee in a Torrance restaurant, to which the latter agreed. After discussing various topics, and almost getting caught in the act, Laudenberg walked away without throwing out their coffee cup. The other officer then swept in and got the cup, from which DNA samples were extracted and sent for testing - they matched seminal fluid found on Lois Petrie's corpse. Armed with this evidence, authorities tracked down Laudenberg's camper van and arrested him, holding them on a $1,000,000 bail. They were charged with Petrie's murder, but denied them and the others' murders. Nonetheless, they were found guilty of the Petrie killing, and sentenced to life imprisonment.
The circumstances surrounding how the officers obtained the DNA sample raised some privacy issues, with the police officers arguing that discarded items were considered public property and therefore, no legal permission was required to get a sample. The appellate court upheld the conviction, rejecting Laudenberg's argument that the expectation was that a restaurant employee should've thrown the cup out.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
External links
Dateline NBC article with interviews from both daughters-in-law
References
1926 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American criminals
Male serial killers
American serial killers
American rapists
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by California
People convicted of murder by California
American people convicted of murder
People from Lexington, Kentucky
American people of German descent
American male criminals
Crimes in California
Violence against women in the United States
Granulinopsis is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Granulinidae.
Species
Granulinopsis atlantidea (Boyer, 2016)
Granulinopsis cylindrata (Boyer & Rolán, 2004)
Granulinopsis zanclea (Bogi, Boyer, Renda & Giacobbe, 2016)
References
Boyer F. (2017). Révision de l'organisation supra-spécifique des gastéropodes granuliniformes. Xenophora Taxonomy. 16: 25-38
Granulinidae
Slightly Married, also known as Strange Marriage, is a 1932 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Evalyn Knapp, Walter Byron and Marie Prevost.
Plot
Drunk upper-class Jimmy Martin saves complete stranger Mary Smith from being sent to jail by backing up their story that they were waiting for a man who was going to marry them when they were arrested at a street corner. The suspicious judge offers to unite them on the spot, but Jimmy takes them up on it. When they sober up, they fall in love with her, despite already having a fiancée. When their mother finds out, they threaten to have their income cut off (he will not gain control of their fortune for two years). This causes a misunderstanding. Jimmy comes to believe that Mary was interested only in their money when Mary offers to let them out of the marriage, whereas they have really fallen in love with them and merely has their best interests at heart.
Cast
Evalyn Knapp as Mary Smith
Walter Byron as Jimmy Martin
Marie Prevost as Nellie Gordon
Jason Robards Sr. as Jack Haines
Dorothy Christy as Marjorie Reynolds
Clarissa Selwynne as Mrs. Martin
Phillips Smalley as Mr. Martin
Herbert Evans as Hodges
Robert Ellis as Brandon
Lloyd Ingraham as Judge
Mary Foy as Landlady
Al Bridge as Tenant
Bobby Burns as Minister
Allan Cavan as Banker
Jack Pennick as Sailor
References
Bibliography
Pitts, Michael R. Poverty Row Studios, 1929-1940. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1932 films
1932 romantic comedy films
1930s English-language films
American romantic comedy films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
American black-and-white films
Chesterfield Pictures films
1930s American films
Imma torophracta is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1935. It is found in Hunan, China.
References
Moths described in 1935
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Gilberto Gil (also commonly referred to as Gilberto Gil (Frevo Rasgado) to differentiate it from Gil's other self-titled releases) is the second studio album by Gilberto Gil, originally released in early 1968. The album features a blending of traditional Brazilian styles such as samba and bossa nova with American rock and roll. It also mixes Rogério Duprat's orchestral arrangements with the electric guitars of Brazilian rock group Os Mutantes.
Critical reception
The album is number 78 on Rolling Stone Brasil's List of 100 greatest Brazilian albums of all time. The magazine also voted the track "Domingo no Parque" as the 11th greatest Brazilian song.
In 2017, Pitchfork placed it at number 99 on the "200 Best Albums of the 1960s" list.
Track listing
Personnel
Gilberto Gil – vocals, acoustic guitar
Os Mutantes – backing vocals, instrumental backing
Rogério Duprat – arrangement
References
External links
Gilberto Gil albums
1968 albums
Philips Records albums
Lionel Francis Blackman is an English solicitor advocate and senior partner of an Epsom criminal litigation practice. They have written and co-authored investigative reports in civil and political human rights, and is the current Director of the Solicitors' International Human Rights Group (SIHRG), a group they co-founded in 2005 and chaired between 2009–15.
Career
Blackman qualified as a lawyer in 1986, opening their own criminal defence practice three years later. They were among the first solicitors, along with Sir David Napley, to take part in higher court advocacy after the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 was passed. In 1999 they were the second solicitor, after Laurence Collins of Herbert Smith LLP who represented the Chilean government against Pinochet in 1998, to appear and the first to lead and win a case in the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords (then the seniormost court). They have been lead defence counsel in several homicide trials at the Old Bailey and elsewhere.
In December 2009 they defended Paul Clarke who was charged after handing in to the police a shotgun they found in their garden. Clarke was found guilty because strict liability applies to possession of a gun, intention is not important. Clarke received a twelve-month suspended sentence. The legal team made statements to and had meetings with influential parts of the media to highlight the then inflexibility of the law on illegal gun possession.
In October 2010 they submitted to the Chilcot Inquiry into the Legality of the War in Iraq a submission on the lack of a humanitarian justification for the intervention alongside other legal submissions from the Solicitors International Human Rights Group.
In November 2012 they authored a trial observation report on the politically controversial trial of opposition figure Vladimir Kozlov that took place in Aktau, Kazakhstan between August and October 2012.
In July 2015 their report on the trial of Egyptian civil society activist Alaa Abd El-Fattah was published ("the face of the Tahir Square revolution")
In March 2016 their report on the trial of two Myanmar migrant workers accused of the murders of David Miller and Hannah Witheridge on the Thai island of Koh Tao was issued. Several recommendations were made for improvements to the Thai criminal justice system.
In April 2019 their joint report on the trial of Egyptian rights activist Amal Fathy was launched at a press conference in the European Parliament.
In 2020 the Columbia Law School Human Rights Clinic in collaboration with TrialWatch and the Clooney Foundation for Justice Initiative published a report on the trial of two environmental activists in Thailand. Blackman was the expert contributor to the Report.
In 2021 their observation report on the mass trial in Turkey against the religious movement led by controversial figure Adnan Oktar was published.
Blackman is a visiting fellow at London South Bank University in Criminal Litigation at Masters level and lectures internationally on various aspects of the English legal system and the use of high technology in criminal trials.
Political activities
In 2005 Blackman was elected as a councillor in the ward of Woodcote, in Epsom and Ewell, representing the Liberal Democrats. They stood down in 2009.
At the 2010 general election they stood as that party's candidate for Westminster's Esher and Walton seat (one of eleven that are in Surrey). This has equated to a Conservative seat in Westminster for generations and Blackman attracted just under 25% of the vote.
Blackman stood as an independent candidate for the Epsom and Ewell constituency in Surrey in the 2015 General Election. Their candidature drew attention to comments from the incumbent MP, Justice Secretary Chris Grayling, who stated that they want to "scrap the Human Rights Act." This became a promised commitment in the Conservative Manifesto for the 2015 General Election. As a result, Blackman explained in an article for the Solicitor's Journal, they felt compelled to stand against the Lord Chancellor as an independent candidate. Whilst the article chose the title "independent menace" they took 1.1% of the vote; Grayling took 58.3%.
References
1960 births
Living people
Liberal Democrats (UK) councillors
Councillors in Surrey
English solicitor advocates
Liberal Democrats (UK) parliamentary candidates
Wilson Inlet is a shallow, seasonally open estuary located on the coast of the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
Description
The inlet receives water from the two main rivers: the Denmark River and the Hay River and some smaller rivers and streams such as the Sleeman River, Little River and Cuppup Creek. It is located south east of the town of Denmark.
The inlet is a wave dominated estuary with an opening mouth that has a width of with a bar blocking it from late January to August. The inlet is separated into two basins, the eastern and western basin.
The estuary is situated on a narrow coastal plain between granite hills to the north and the west and the coastal dunes to the south. The area of the inlet is and it has an average depth of ; its deepest point is . The inlet is long from east to west and has a width of
The inlet has a total catchment area of covering parts of the Shire of Plantagenet, the Shire of Denmark and the City of Albany.
The inlet discharges through Nullaki Point at the eastern end of Ocean Beach into the Southern Ocean at Ratcliffe Bay when the sandbar is open. The Wilson Inlet bar is sometimes breached by the Water Corporation at Ocean Beach near Denmark. The low lying land adjacent to the inlet consists of swamps with lakes to the east. The silt beds in the area indicate that it was of recent estuarine origin.
The majority of the catchment is contained within the Albany-Fraser geological province with the original granite overlaid with sands and laterite deposited in the Quaternary period.
History
The inlet was formed 6000–8000 years ago when rising sea levels led to an ancient river valley being flooded.
The original human inhabitants of the inlet and surrounds were Aboriginal Australian people, the Noongar. Many Aboriginal artefacts have been found in the area, including fish traps, corroboree sites, ochre excavation site and campsites.
The Noongar name for the inlet is Koorabup, which means Place of the Black Swan.
The area was visited by Dr Thomas Wilson in their 1829 expedition from King George Sound. The inlet was named after Wilson by Governor Stirling.
The first Europeans to settle in the catchment area were the Randall and Young families in the 1890s. Timber mills were constructed in 1895, land clearing began in the 1920s, and by 1982 46% of the catchment was privately owned.
In total 44% of the catchment has been cleared and 38% remains as forest and national parks.
In 1911 a local farmer William Leonard Smeed and six members of their family (four adults and three children), were drowned when their small yacht Little Wonder was knocked down in a squall while sailing on the inlet near Pelican Island.
The inlet is breached at Ocean Beach near Denmark at times to reduce the chances of flooding around the local river systems. The bar was breached in 2014, 2017, 2018 and again in 2020.
Flora
The mouth of the inlet is dominated by stands of rushes (Juncaceae) of a single species, the South African Juncus kraussi. Melaleuca cuticularis, a salt tolerant paperbark, also fringes the inlet and follows the channels, and is present in the tidal parts of the rivers. The salt marsh is predominantly made up of Juncus kraussi, Sarcocornia quinqueflora, and Samolus repens.
Fauna
Recreational fishing is popular within the inlet, which many species of fish inhabit, including cobbler, King George whiting, tailor, mullet, salmon trout and flathead. Other fish found in the estuary include sandy sprat, yellow eye mullet, sea mullet and blue mackerel.
Wilson Inlet is a key nursery for many juvenile fish species especially pink snapper that migrate from the inlet to mature in the greater oceanic breeding stock. Because of this the size of pink snapper that could be removed from the inlet was raised from to in July 2007.
Many waterbird species inhabit the inlet and its surrounds, including the silver gull, Australian pelican, black swan, little black cormorant, red-necked stint, little pied cormorant, grey teal, red-necked avocet, blue-billed duck and the Australasian shoveller. 22 species of migratory shorebird have been recorded.
The inlet is home to a mussel and oyster farm that was established in 2002. The farm operates on a lease on the south side of the inlet and completed its first harvest in 2005–2006. Blue mussels are produced using a longline cultivation technique. Belon oysters are cultivated using a similar technique. An earlier operation had attempted to commercially produce blue mussels in the 1970s, but the small scale raft culture was destroyed by Cyclone Alby just prior to harvest.
External links
Wilson Inlet Tourism
References
Great Southern (Western Australia)
Inlets of Western Australia
South coast of Western Australia
The Ophthalmological Hospital is an Ophthalmology hospital in northeastern Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located to the northeast of the Presidential Palace.
References
Nouakchott
Hospitals in Mauritania
Anthony Ronald (Tony) Wilds (born 4 October 1943) was the Archdeacon of Plymouth from 2001 until 2010.
Ellis was educated at Durham University and Bishops' College, Cheshunt; and ordained deacon in 1966, and priest in 1967. After a curacy at Newport Pagnell they were Priest in charge of Chipili from 1972 to 1975. They were Vicar of Chandlers Ford from 1975 to 1985; and of Andover from 1985 to 1997. They were Rector of Solihull before their time as Archdeacon; and Priest in charge of Marnhull afterwards.
References
1943 births
Alumni of Durham University
Archdeacons of Plymouth
Alumni of Bishops' College, Cheshunt
Living people
Rose is a female given name. It is a late Latin name derived from rosa, meaning "rose". Variants are Rosa, Rosario, Rosie, Rosalie, Rosalia, Rosina, Rosaria and Rosalina. Similar names are Rosanna, Roseanne and Rosamunde. It may be a short form of Rosemary.
History
Rose was originally a Norman form of a German name Hrodheid, composed of the words Hrod ("fame") and Heid ("kind", "type"). It was originally spelled (by the Normans) Roese or Rohese. It was used in England, Italy, and France throughout the Middle Ages, and its popularity increased during the 19th century while still regarded as being a flower name. The name of the flower has the etymology of Old English rōse from the Latin rosa; phonetically linked to the Greek rhódon, which is independent of the etymology of the surname Rose. Distinctions can sometimes be made between individuals who derive this given name after the surname and those who are named after the flower.
Rhoda, as in Acts 12:12-15, is the Greek equivalent. St. Rose of Lima was the first person born in the Americas to be canonized.
Other language variants
Czech: Rosalie, Rosarie, Růžena
Danish: Rosalie
Dutch: Roos, Rosa, Rosalie
French: Rose, Rosalie
Galician: Rosalía
Greek: Rhodē ˁΡόδη
Hungarian: Rozália
Irish: Róisín
Italian: Rosalia, Rosaria, Rusalia
Latvian: Roze, Roza, Rozālija, Rozīte (diminutive)
Portuguese: Rosa, Rosália, Rosária, Rosy , Rose (mainly in Brazil, e.g. Rose de Freitas), Rosinha (pet form)
Polish: Rozalia, Róża
Serbo-Croatian: Ruža, Ružica, Rozalija
Slovak: Rozália, Remmie, Ružena
Spanish: Rosalía, Rosa, Rosario
People with the given name
Mary Tudor, Queen of France (1496–1533), sister of King Henry VIII of England, known as "Mary Rose"
Rose of Viterbo (1233–1251), Italian saint
Rose (French singer) (born 1978), French singer-songwriter
Rose-Alexandrine Barreau (1773–1843), French soldier
Rose Byrne (born 1979), Australian actor, best known for their role on the American television series Damages
Rose Chen Aijie, Chinese saint
Rose Cleveland (1846–1918), acting First Lady of the United States from 1885 to 1886
Rose Combe (1883–1932), French writer
Rose Philippine Duchesne (1769–1852), French-American saint
Rose Dugdale (born 1941), English heiress who joined the Provisional Irish Republican Army
Rose Fan Hui, Chinese saint
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy (1890–1995), mother of American president John F. Kennedy and their brothers, Robert F. Kennedy and Senator Ted Kennedy
Rose Gaffney (1895–1979), American environmental activist
Lady Rose Gilman, member of the British Royal Family
Rose Goldblatt (1913–1997), Canadian administrator, pianist and teacher
Rose Hart (born 1942), Ghanaian track and field athlete
Rose Henderson (1871–1937), Canadian political and social activist
Rose Hill (actor) (1914–2003), British actor
Rose Hill (athlete), British wheelchair athlete
Rose Hilton (1931–2019), English painter
Rose Hobart (1906–2000), American actor
Rose Kennedy (1890-1995), American philanthropist, socialite, and a member of the Kennedy family
Rose Marie "Rosemary" Kennedy (1918-2005), a member of the Kennedy family.
Rose Kim (given name also spelled "Rosa" or "Nosa"), Korean saint
Rose Laurens (1953–2018), French singer-songwriter
Rose Leslie (born 1987), Scottish actor
Rose Leveson-Gower (1890–1967), British aristocrat
Rose Marie (1923–2017), American actor
Rose McGowan (born 1973), American actor
Rose McIver (born 1988), New Zealand actor
Rose Mooney-Slater (1902–1981), American physicist
Rose Mortem, American musician and fashion designer
Rose Nabinger, German singer-songwriter
Rose Napoli, Canadian playwright and actor
Roseline Osipitan, Nigerian business person and Yoruban princess
Rose Pacatte, American film critic and Catholic nun
Rose Pere (1937–2020), Māori New Zealand educationalist and spiritual leader
Moriah Rose Pereira, American singer, songwriter, musician, and YouTuber known as Poppy
Roseanne Park, stage name Rosé, New Zealand-born K-pop singer of Blackpink
Rose Porteous (born 1948), Filipino-born Australian socialite
Rose Rollins (born 1981), American actor
Rose Schneiderman (1882–1972), Polish-born American labor organizer and socialist
Rose Stone (born 1945), African-American singer and keyboardist for Sly & the Family Stone
Rose Venkatesan, Indian transgender talk show host
Rose Wilder Lane (1886–1968), American journalist and political theorist, daughter of Laura Ingalls Wilder
Rose Zhao, Chinese saint
Rose Zhang, American golfer
Darcy Rose Byrnes (born 1998), American actor
Pernille Rose Grønkjær (born 1973), Danish director
Julianna Rose Mauriello, American actor
Kathleen Rose Perkins (born 1974), American actor
Amber Rose Revah (born 1968), American actor
Rose, stylist and cast member on Love & Hip Hop: New York
Fictional characters
Rose (Keeping Up Appearances)
Rose (Two and a Half Men)
Rose (Titans character)
Rose (Marvel Comics), a persona used by several characters in Marvel Comics
The Rose (comics) or Richard Fisk, a character in Marvel Comics
Rose, in the Japanese anime Dragon Crisis!
Rose, one of the main characters in the role-playing video game Legend of Dragoon
Chairman Rose, from the game Pokémon Sword and Shield
Laterose, known as simply Rose, a fictional character from Redwall
Rose/Huntsgirl, a supporting character and Jake Long's main romantic interest, sweetheart, and official girlfriend in American Dragon: Jake Long
Rose (Street Fighter), from the Street Fighter video game series
Rose DeWitt Bukater, one of two main characters in 1997 film Titanic
Rose Cameron, a recurring character in Netflix series Outer Banks (TV series)
Rose Canton of Rose and Thorn, a Golden Age DC Comics villainess
Rose Da Silva, from the 2006 film Silent Hill
Rose Granger-Weasley, daughter of Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter books
Rose Hathaway, the main character of the Vampire Academy series
Rose Henderson (Rose Nadler), from ABC TV show Lost
Rose Kaminski, a character in 1998 American comedy movie My Giant
Rose Lalonde, from the webcomic Homestuck
Rose Lavillant, in Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir
Rose Nylund, in the TV series The Golden Girls
Rose O'Reilly, a character played Jennifer Aniston by in the 2013 American crime comedy movie We're the Millers
Rose Ortiz, the pink ranger from Power Rangers Operation Overdrive
Rose Quartz, from the animated series Steven Universe
Rose Sargent, from the musical Rose of Washington Square
Rose Taylor, a character from the TV show 7th Heaven
Rosé Thomas, in the Japanese anime and manga series Fullmetal Alchemist
Rose Tico, in Star Wars: The Last Jedi
Rose Tyler, a companion of the Doctor in the BBC series Doctor Who
Rose Walker, in the Sandman comics series
Rose Wilson, daughter of Deathstroke (Slade) in the DC Comics universe
Rose Zsigmond, a character in the 1994 American coming-of-age comedy-drama movie My Girl 2
See also
Roser (name), given name and surname
Rose (surname)
References
English feminine given names
Scottish feminine given names
Welsh feminine given names
cs:Růžena
de:Rosa (Vorname)
fr:Rosalie (prénom)
it:Rosalia
hu:Rozália
pl:Rozalia
ru:Розалия
sk:Rozália
sk:Ružena
sl:Rozalia
fi:Rosa (nimi)
sv:Rosa (namn)
Goodwood is a suburban community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Jabari Miles Evans, better known by their stage name Naledge, is an American rapper and one half of the hip-hop group Kidz in the Hall.  They are also an assistant professor of Race and Media at the University of South Carolina in School of Journalism and Mass Communication.
Life and career
Early life
Evans grew up in the South Side neighborhood of Chicago. The son of mental health experts, Dr. Robert Evans and Dr. Helen Evans, Naledge displayed lyrical ability at an early age and by fourteen they had become a member of a local Chicago-based rap group called FFC (Famous From the Chi). In addition to their early musical accomplishments, they demonstrated an interest in academics, writing and publishing a book entitled “The Straight Jab” at the age of 16. Upon their graduation from Luther High School South, they attended the University of Pennsylvania, where they majored in Communications with a minor in Sociology. At Penn, Naledge became a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. While attending college they met classmate Michael Aguilar, a hip-hop producer now known as Double-O. The two began working together and formed the hip-hop group Kidz in the Hall.
Kidz in the Hall
Upon Naledge's graduation from the University of Pennsylvania in 2004, they and Double-O signed with Rawkus Records and in 2006 released their first album, School Was My Hustle.
In early 2007, Kidz in the Hall created a song entitled "Work To Do" in support of democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama, who has ties to Naledge's hometown of Chicago. They were among the first artists to support Obama in their music. The song features a sample from The Main Ingredient's version of the Isley Brothers original of the same name.
In November 2007, Kidz in the Hall were officially signed to Duck Down Records, an independent label started by founding members of the Boot Camp Clik. The duo's second album, The In Crowd, was released in May 2008, with the lead single "Drivin' Down the Block," which samples Masta Ace's song "Born to Roll" for the hook and contains an interpolation of Outkast's "Elevators (Me & You)" on the bridge. Many other tracks on the album use samples and interpolations of early 1990s hip hop, including their song "Snob Hop" featuring Camp Lo which uses the hook from Black Sheep's song "Flava of the Month" for the chorus. Their song "Blackout" was featured on the soundtrack of Madden '09. The group's most recent album Land of Make Believe was released on March 9, 2010, and features guests MC Lyte, Just Blaze, Chip tha Ripper, Donnis, Amanda Diva and co-production by Just Blaze and Picnic Tyme. The album was declared the most "commercially viable" album the group has made thus far and received an XL rating in XXL Magazine.
Solo career
Naledge is also planning to come out with a solo album in the near future. They were quoted by rap website Hiphopdx, "My solo album is still in the process of being put together. I've been busy with shows, but I have some tracks in the works," says the rising MC. "I got beats from 9th Wonder, Black Milk, Double-O, Pete Rock and [two or three from] Just Blaze. Just Blaze has been my ‘yes man,' okaying tracks for the album."
Naledge has released solo work in the past, having dropped the mixtape Chicago Picasso on June 30, 2009. The mixtape was in anticipation of the release of their solo album. It was hosted by Mick Boogie RTC and DJ Timbuck2, and featured guest artists include Chip Tha Ripper, Jay Electronica, Mickey Factz, Bun B, Curren$y, with production by Double-O, Analogic, Picnic Tyme, Nez & Rio, and many others. The first single off the mixtape, entitled “Star Struck” (produced by Sa-Ra and featuring Rus Soul), was released on May 6, 2009.
In June 2009, Naledge was featured in Chicago Magazine as one of the city's top singles.
In September 2010, Naledge announced on their Facebook Page and Twitter account the release of their second upcoming mixtape " Twentysomething LP" hosted by DJ Moondawg on September 10, 2010. They also announced an exclusive preview of their mixtape on iTunes on September 7.
In 2012, Naledge has created their company (Brainiac Society), with hope of helping local artists have a creative outlet to have their work heard. Additionally, in 2014 Naledge received their master's degree from the University of Southern California's School of Social Work. (link) Aside from music, Naledge frequently speaks as guest lecturer at high schools, colleges and universities in the Chicago area and they are committed to doing community service within around the South Side area where they were raised.(link)
Discography
(with Kidz in the Hall)
Studio albums
School Was My Hustle (2006), Rawkus Records
The In Crowd (2008), Duck Down Records
Land of Make Believe (2010), Duck Down Records
Occasion (2011), Duck Down Records
Mixtapes
Detention (2007), Major League Entertainment
Geniuses Need Love Too (2008)
"The Professional Leisure Tour" (2009) LRG
Semester Abroad (2011)
Singles
"Wheelz Fall Off ('06 'Til...)" (2006), Rawkus Records
"Drivin' Down the Block" (2008), Duck Down Records
"Love Hangover" (2008)
"Take Over The World ft Colin Munroe and Just Blaze" (2010)
"Jukebox" (2010)
Music videos
"Wheelz Fall Off ('06 Til...)" (2006)
"Drivin' Down The Block" (2008)
"Love Hangover (feat. Estelle)" (2008)
"I Got It Made (Reebok Classic)" (2009)
"Jukebox" (2010)
Solo Discography
Mixtapes
"Will Rap For Food: The Mixtape" (2006)
"The Crown Jewel" (2007)
"Chicago Picasso" (June 30, 2009)
"Naledge Is Twenty Something" (September 10, 2010)
"Night At The Elysian (With Tony Baines)" (2012)
"Chicago Picasso 2" (2012)
"Brain Power" (2013)
"Brain Power 2" (2014)
Chicago Picasso 3 (2017)
Twenty Something 2 With DJ Moondwag
Guest appearances
2004: "Love Me" (Just Blaze Remix)
2012: "Stand Up"
2012: "The Sandlot"
2012: "Nah Mean?"
2016 Yung Berg That N***** Ain't do nothing Featuring Naledge
References
External links
Kidz in the Hall Website
http://www.kidzinthehall.com/
Naledge's website
University faculty website
1983 births
African-American male rappers
Living people
Rappers from Chicago
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Lulianos and Paphos (alt. sp. Julianus and Pappus) (2nd-century CE) were two wealthy Jewish brothers who lived in Laodicea in Asia Minor, contemporaries with Rabbi Yehoshua ben Hananiah, and who suffered martyrdom at the hands of the Roman legate.
An anecdote about the lives of these two illustrious Grecian-Jewish citizens has come down in the Midrashic literature stating that, during the days of Hadrian, the emperor mulled over the thought of rebuilding Israel's Temple. When the news reached Lulianos and Paphos who were very wealthy, they set-up tables from Acco to Antioch, hoping thereby to allow Jewish pilgrims to exchange their local currency for coins in specie, or else provide other basic needs for the people before proceeding on to Jerusalem.
In the Babylonian Talmud is mentioned the "slain of Lydia" (another name for Laodicea) and which Talmudic commentators have explained to be referring to two Jewish brothers with Hellenized names, Julian (Lulianos) of Alexandria and Paphos, the son of Judah, who willingly made themselves martyrs to save the entire Jewish population of Laodicea from annihilation. Their real names were Shamayah and Ahiyah. According to ancient Jewish accounts, a non Jewish child had been found slain in their city. The blame for the child's murder was laid upon the Jews of that city. The governor intervened by threatening to kill all the Jews of the city, unless the perpetrator of the vile act would deliver themselves up to be punished. When no one could be found to take responsibility for the act and the governor was insistent on punishing all the Jews, Lulianos and Paphos, being "wholly righteous men," willingly took responsibility for the death of the child and were duly executed. Their deaths on the 5th day of the lunar month Adar were marked by public fasting among Jews, each year on the anniversary of their deaths.
Account of martyrdom
According to the Talmud and Midrash, Lulianos' and Paphos' executioner was a man named Trajanus (Turyannos). When Trajanus desired to kill Lulianos and Paphos, elsewhere described as being on account of their confessing to the murder of a young gentile girl, the daughter of a king, who was found slain in the city –– for the gentiles of that city had laid the blame upon the Jews of the city, and they were about to take vengeance upon the entire Jewish population until Lulianos and their brother, Paphos, confessed to the murder (which they had not committed, but only confessed to save the lives of their fellow countrymen), the two men were summoned before Trajanus for questioning. Trajanus began their trial by mocking them, saying to them: "If you are from the nation of Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, let your God come and save you from my hand, just as They saved Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah from the hand of Nebuchadnezzar." To this they replied: "Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah were full-fledged righteous people, and they were worthy that a miracle should be performed for them, and Nebuchadnezzar was a worthy king, and it was fitting that a miracle be performed through him, but you are merely an unjust commoner, and one who is not fitting that a miracle be performed through him, seeing that we have been condemned to destruction by the Omnipresent [for our misdeeds]. And if you do not kill us, the Omnipresent has many other executioners. And if men do not kill us, the Omnipresent has many bears and lions in Their world that can hurt us and kill us. Instead, the Holy One, Blessed be He, placed us into your hands only so that They will avenge our blood in the future."
No sooner had they killed them than dispatches (tabula) arrived from Rome (others say two officials, or two emissaries, carrying orders against their execution), but since the act had already been done by the Roman soldier, he, himself, was sentenced to die by way of "cudgeling" (fustuarium), a form of capital punishment inflicted upon Roman soldiers for the highest military offenses.
Some scholars ascribe these events to Lusius Quietus of Lysia, when they were appointed Roman governor of Judaea by Trajan, and who was later punished by Hadrian the emperor. The difficulty, however, with this assumption is that the primary sources all place these events in Laodicea, a place in Asia Minor and far away from the jurisdiction of Lusius Quietus.
Reaction
The deliverance of the city's Jewish community was received with relief by world's Jewry, and the day on which their executioner had been killed himself, the 12th day of the lunar month Adar, was transcribed in the Jewish record books and in the Scroll of Fasting as a day of public celebration, and one whereon it was forbidden for Jews to fast. Later, the day of celebration was cancelled, since two great rabbis, Abtalion and Shemaiah, were known to have been executed some years earlier on the same day.
Further reading
Graetz, Heinrich (1893; 1888). Geschichte der Juden von den ältesten Zeiten bis auf die Gegenwart ("History of the Jews from the earliest times to the present"). 3d ed., iv. 413; 4th ed., iii. 837, Leipzig
References
Jews and Judaism in the Roman Republic and the Roman Empire
Hellenistic Jews
Israel in the Roman era
2nd-century executions
Jewish martyrs
People executed by the Roman Empire
Wrongful executions
Blood libel
Lydia
Brother duos
Nathan Nata Spira (; 1585 – 20 July 1633) was a Polish rabbi and kabbalist, who served as Chief Rabbi of Kraków. A student of Meir Lublin, Spira played an important role in spreading Isaac Luria's teachings throughout Poland. Spira was the author of a number of works, most notably the Megaleh Amukot.
Biography
Spira descended from a rabbinical family, which traced its lineage as far back to Rashi, the noted 11th-century French commentator. They were named after their grandfather Nathan Nata Spira, who was rabbi in Hrodna and author of Mevo Shearim (1575) and Imrei shefer (1597). Their father was Solomon Spira.
Spira had seven children, three sons and four daughters.
While serving as Chief Rabbi of Kraków, Spira refused a salary.
 They are buried in the Old Jewish cemetery in Kazimierz, Krakow.
Notes
References
External links
Nathan Nata Shapiro, Chief Rabbi of Cracow, 1585-1633
1585 births
1633 deaths
Rabbis from Kraków
Kabbalists
16th-century Polish rabbis
17th-century Polish rabbis
Chief rabbis of cities
Early life
Ashley Denise Smiley was born in Nashville, Tennessee on January 20, 1989.
Smiley studied Psychology at the The University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa , Alabama, and at the Alabama A&M University in Huntsville, Alabama.
Career
After college, Graham moved to New York City to pursue a career as a French-language high school teacher.
In 1969, Graham met model agency owner Eileen Ford via a chance encounter while shopping at Bonwit Teller in Manhattan. Ford suggested to Graham that they become a model and shared their business card. This interaction would launch Graham's modelling career.
Graham's early work as a model included a photo shoot for Irving Penn. Penn saw potential in Graham and wanted to include them in a shoot for Vogue. The photographer insisted that the model be featured in the fashion spread, despite resistance from Vogue's editor-in-chief at the time, Diana Vreeland, due to Graham's small stature. Following this, Graham was featured on the cover of Vogue magazine 20 times between 1970 and 1975.
The "Estee Lauder Woman" (1970-1985)
Them status as a model was set, with the Estee Lauder advertising campaign. The company began employing them intermittently during 1970 and 1971 to appear in their print ads. They worked with Chicago photographer Victor Skrebneski. By 1973, they had become Estee Lauder's exclusive spokesmodel. It was a job they would do for the rest of the decade, appearing in print and television ads that presented them in tasteful, elegant, generously appointed tableaux - a parlor, a drawing room, a veranda - to represent the image the Estee Lauder company created for itself.
In these ads, Graham was never identified by name, which Estee Lauder themselves frankly admitted was deliberate. Mrs. Lauder did not want to dilute attention on the product by focusing more attention on the model in the ads. Many people, unfamiliar with the fashion and modeling world, thought Graham was, in fact, Mrs. Lauder. Ironically, the ads were a reflection of Mrs. Lauder's own idea of a woman of taste and sophistication. Skrebneski was happy to oblige, decorating their sets with Chinese vases, Pablo Picasso ceramics, and well-stocked bookshelves. Because the Lauder company aimed its products at upper-income women, at expensive prices, the ads had to project luxury. Various props were used - dolls, horses, and, curiously, a framed photograph of Nicholas II, the last czar of Russia, in a 1981 ad. The ad campaigns were meant to project traditional, Old World elegance. An exception was an ad campaign for the Lauder company's "Swiss age-controlling skincare program," in which Skrebneski photographed Graham standing among edged cylinders in a futuristic tableau and wearing their hair back, adorned with what looked like a plastic stereo headset and worn as if it were a space-age tiara.
Karen Graham was joined by model Shaun Casey in the Estee Lauder campaign in 1981, and for the next four years the Lauder company was thus represented by two spokesmodels. Graham quit in 1985, when they turned 40; as they told People magazine in 2000, they decided to leave modeling while they were still on top. Casey only briefly appeared in magazine advertisements before being fired and replaced with future news anchor Willow Bay.
Fly fishing and more modeling
Graham remained in New York City for another six years before they moved to Rosendale, New York, where they pursued their hobby, fly fishing. They had taken up the sport in the seventies, after their brother had given everyone in their family a fly rod. Them passion for fly fishing led to a second career as a fly-fishing school operator and instructor, when they co-founded, with veteran fisherman Bert Darrow, Fly Fishing With Bert and Karen. The school offers two-day instructional courses, and furnishes all equipment.
In 1999, they returned to modeling for Estee Lauder's "Resilience Lift" face cream, aimed at older women and designed to help female skin reproduce the skin nutrients that prevent wrinkles. Graham was happy to return to modeling for the campaign, which lasted for a few years, and Victor Skrebneski returned to shoot the print ads for the Lauder company after leaving in 1993. Graham also did a few seasons of ESPN2's fishing series "In Search of Fly Water," and now lives in the foothills of North Carolina. In addition to fly fishing, they take a great interest in horseback riding.
Personal life
In 1974, Graham was engaged to David Frost. In 1974, Graham married Chicagoan, Delbert W. Coleman, casino owner, who ran the Stardust Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In Mississippi, they had a son, Graham Douglas Mavar, after Graham's maiden name, with Sam Mavar.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
Female models from Mississippi
American television personalities
American women television personalities
People from Gulfport, Mississippi
People from Rosendale, New York
21st-century American women
Azimiyeh (, also Romanized as ʿAẓīmīyeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 556, in 162 families.
References
Populated places in Tonekabon County
The Ben and Harriet Schulein House is a historic building located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States. Built in 1913 for a locally prominent Jewish business person and their wife, the two-story frame structure was designed by local architect William L. Steele. Its significance is derived from being one of the first successful Prairie School designs by Steele in the Sioux City. It was designed at the midpoint of their career and in the last decade of the Prairie style's popularity. As such, this house may mark a turning point in Steele's career. They began to abandon other architectural styles in favor of the Prairie style whenever the client and their budget would accommodate it.
The Schulein House features a brick foundation, clapboard siding, and a hipped roof. The strong horizontal lines of the Prairie School style is found in the substantial overhang of the roofline, the wide attic dormers, the wide front porch and attached porte-cochere. It is also found in the window sills on the first floor that are tied to the foundation by way of the water table, and the lintels of the second floor windows that are tied to the fascia. The water table continues onto the front porch as its coping, which also contributes the horizontal nature of the design.
There is a small garage on the property that shares the same roofline and construction with the house. The house and garage were listed together on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
References
William L. Steele buildings
Prairie School architecture in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sioux City, Iowa
Houses completed in 1913
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Houses in Sioux City, Iowa
1913 establishments in Iowa
Storm Eva (also called Chuck, Staffan and other names) was the fifth named storm of the Met Office and Met Éireann's Name our Storms project. Heavy rainfall from Eva occurred around three weeks after Storm Desmond had brought severe flooding to parts of Northern England, exacerbating the ongoing situation. The low pressure was named Chuck by the Free University of Berlin and Staffan by the Swedish Meteorological Institute.
Meteorological history
Forecasts
Eva was the fifth storm to be officially named by Met Éireann on 22 December 2015. An orange wind warning was issued for counties Clare, Galway, Mayo, Sligo and Donegal on the same day. Gales were also expected in the northwest of the United Kingdom, with storm force winds over parts of the Outer Hebrides. There were fears that the storm could cause further disruption to Cumbria in England, where areas were already dealing with the aftermath of flooding from Storm Desmond and in some cases had been flooded twice already. The army and Environment Agency staff were called in to be on stand-by to bolster flood defences.
Impact
Rain associated with the passage of Eva caused disruption when rivers burst their banks in the Cumbrian towns of Appleby, Keswick and Kendal on the 22 December. Appleby received three to four feet of flood water. The village of Glenridding was flooded for the third time in the month. Six thousand houses in Ireland were left without power. In London, Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Liz Truss convened a COBRA meeting to decide on emergency measures, which included the deployment of soldiers from the 2nd Battalion, Duke of Lancaster's Regiment to the affected areas. On 24 December, flood defence gates were closed in Carlisle, Keswick and Cockermouth to limit the damage expected from rainfall and 20 water pumps and of temporary flood barriers were transported to northern England. Ferries operating between Dublin and Holyhead were cancelled due to bad weather on the Irish Sea.
Notes
References
2015 floods
Events in England
Eva
2015 disasters in the United Kingdom
Eva
2015 meteorology
December 2015 events in Europe
Ernst Löfström (31 May 1865 – 5 January 1937) was a Finnish general in World War I and the Finnish Civil War. They fought on the side of the whites. They died in Helsinki.
References
1865 births
1937 deaths
People from Vyborg District
People from Viipuri Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Finnish generals
Imperial Russian major generals
Russian military personnel of World War I
People of the Finnish Civil War (White side)
Waitabit Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1900 after Waitabit Creek.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Tony Makes It Happen is an album by American singer Tony Bennett, originally released in 1967 on Columbia as CL 2653.
Track listing
"On the Sunny Side of the Street" (Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields) - 2:21
"A Beautiful Friendship" (Donald Kahn, Stanley Styne) - 2:28
"Don't Get Around Much Anymore" (Duke Ellington, Bob Russell) - 2:02
"What Makes It Happen" (Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn) - 2:54
"The Lady's in Love with You" (Burton Lane, Frank Loesser) - 1:43
"Can't Get Out of This Mood" (Jimmy McHugh, Frank Loesser) - 3:40
"I Don't Know Why (I Just Do)" (Fred E. Ahlert, Roy Turk) - 3:24
"I Let a Song Go Out of My Heart" (Duke Ellington, Irving Mills) - 2:00
"Country Girl" (Robert Farnon) - 3:37
"Old Devil Moon" (Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg - 3:00
"She's Funny That Way" (Neil Moret, Richard A. Whiting) - 3:11
Personnel
Tony Bennett – vocals
Marion Evans - conductor, arranger
Bobby Tricarico - tenor sax
Joe Newman, Joe Wilder - trumpet
Urbie Green - trombone
Joe Soldo - flute
John Bunch - piano
Corky Hale - harp
Milt Hinton - bass
Sol Gubin - drums
Unidentified strings
References
1967 albums
Tony Bennett albums
Columbia Records albums
"Florida" is the tenth episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 135th overall episode of the series. It was directed by Claire Cowperthwaite and written by Tom Ceraulo and Matt Hubbard. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 17, 2013.
The episode received generally positive critical reviews and was watched by 3.44 million viewers.
Plot
Liz and Jack are both torturing themselves. Liz because a conversation with Tracy has made them feel like they aren't exciting and spontaneous enough, and Jack over their mother's sarcastic and condescending final words, that they only wanted them to be "happy". The pair travel to Florida to settle their mother's estate, but receive a shock when their live-in nurse Martha (Lynda Gravatt) speaks of what a kind and loving person they are. This is something that contradicts everything Jack knew about them Jack asks Liz to poke around. They discover that the pair had shared a bedroom and had the walls adorned with pictures of the two of them together, which indicates that they were in a lesbian relationship. However, when Liz attempts to relay this to Jack, they refuse to believe them They dismiss their bed-sharing as being perfectly normal between two friends.
Meanwhile, Tracy and Jenna have been left in charge of TGS and quickly run into trouble when a lawyer, Martin Lutherking (Tim Meadows), arrives to tell them that Hazel (Kristen Schaal) has filed a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the show. The suit cites inappropriate behavior by most of the staff. They explain that Hazel regularly sues shows that they have been sacked from, therefore, all they need to do is get everybody on the crew to sign an affidavit to deny that there has been any inappropriate behavior. The only holdout is Kenneth, who, having already lost their page job and their girlfriend in the past year, doesn't want to also lose their integrity by lying. Tracy and Jenna are uninterested and tell them to sign anyway, which they reluctantly do.
In Florida, Martha makes up a double bed for Liz and Jack, having mistaken them for a married couple. Liz sees an opportunity and challenges Jack to share the bed with her, as they are so determined that it had been perfectly ordinary between their mother and Martha. While the pair lie together, Liz wonders aloud why nothing has ever happened between them and Jack, as they have spent so much time together and there had been occasions in the past when they'd both gotten drunk together. Moreover, there were times where they were both on the rebound. They question whether it was because they are uninteresting and unspontaneous, but Jack dismisses her, explaining that their half-friendship, half-mentorship is more interesting than a relationship would have been. The pair then get into an argument when Jack criticizes Liz for having made a visit to their late mother's house about herself.
At TGS, Kenneth begins acting strangely as a result of being forced to sell out their soul. Tracy and Jenna soon start to feel guilty. Eventually, they let them tell the truth. Kenneth explains to Lutherking all of the inappropriate things that have gone on at the show. Back in Florida, Jack rescues Liz from the police station at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, where they get into trouble trying to be spontaneous. They resign themselves to the fact that she'll never change. Jack counters this, admitting that their mother had been in a lesbian relationship with Martha. They say that if somebody like them could have a complete turnaround at eighty-five, so could Liz. Jack then realizes that their mother's last words, that they should be "happy", were not meant sarcastically, but wonders if they have fulfilled them. Liz reminds them that they have, as he's finally achieved their goal to become CEO, which was what they had always wanted.
Liz arrives back at TGS and receives a phone call from Bev (Megan Mullally) at the adoption agency.  They are told that they can have two children right away, a brother and sister. Having wanted only one, Liz is taken aback. Ultimately, they decide to be spontaneous and agrees to adopt both of them. At that moment, Hank Hooper (Ken Howard) arrives at their office door. They inform Liz that as a result of the controversy Hazel's lawsuit has stirred up, their last act as CEO is to cancel TGS.
Reception
"Florida" was watched by 3.44 million viewers and earned a 1.3 rating/4 share in the 18–49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 1.3 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 4 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
"Florida" received generally positive reviews from critics. Alan Sepinwall, writing for HitFix, opined that "[it] wasn't necessarily one of the strongest episodes of this victory lap season of 30 Rock, in that I think there was probably an entire episode's worth of material in both stories, and having to split time made both feel only partially baked." However, they concluded that "the episode was packed with so many great throwaway jokes that I could just spend this review listing them all." Pilot Viruet of The A.V. Club gave the episode an A- and particularly enjoyed the scene with Liz and Jack in bed, commenting: "For many viewers, the sight of these two in bed together has been a long time coming, and 30 Rock plays it off flawlessly and with a few meta winks to the audience. Liz asks Jack "why didn't anything ever happen between us?" [...] Jack puts it best, both to Liz and the audience, when they respond that their current relationship is more interesting than them dating." Roth Cornet of IGN scored the episode an 8.0 out of 10 and summarised "The show continues to deliver the wacky antics we desire, yet stay streamlined and propel the plot forward. What sometimes felt like an overly kinetic series of sketches and subplots in the early part of the season, has nicely coalesced into a push toward the sad, but inevitable, end."
Whitney Pastorek of Vulture was less favorable, giving the episode a 2/5 and commenting: "tonight's 30 Rock served two purposes: to satisfy the shippers who always wanted Jack and Liz to sleep together, and to explain why TGS — and thereby this entire series — would soon be coming to an end. Truthfully, neither resolution was entirely satisfying. After last week's volley of one-liners and intrigue, this week's [episode] landed like a lead balloon". Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic was positive, scoring the episode a 3.5/5 and commenting: "There were a few good Tracy bits along the way - asking Tim Meadows what kind of dinosaur their grandfather was, and saying that because they were a lawyer in a movie they know all about winning your son's love back thanks to a magic camera come to mind - but it wasn't a laugh-heavy episode overall. That doesn't mean that it wasn't a good installment. They didn't try very hard for guffaws, which is surprising for 30 Rock, but is also better than attempting and failing all half hour long."
References
External links
2013 American television episodes
30 Rock (season 7) episodes
Television episodes set in Florida
pt:Florida
Three Lions (The Official England Team Game), released in North America as Alexi Lalas International Soccer, is a video game developed by Z-Axis and published by Take-Two Interactive, based on European football (soccer). It was released for the PC, PlayStation and Game Boy Color on 17 April 1998 and in 1999 as the official video game of the English Football Association. Originally announced under the title "Major League Soccer", it was also marketed under other names in other regions, including Golden Goal 98, Bomba:98 All Champions Challenge, Mundial:98 and Pro:Foot Contest 98.
Cover Stars
Editions of the game in different regions feature native international footballers. In France, Pro:Foot Contest 98 features Didier Deschamps, in Italy, Bomba:98 All Champions Challenge features Roberto Di Matteo, in North America, Alexi Lalas International Soccer features Alexi Lalas.
Reception
The PlayStation version received unfavorable reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings.
Next Generation said, "If you're looking for speedy, no-nonsense physical play, you could do a lot worse than Alexi Lalas International Soccer."
Extreme Playstation rated the game an 85 of 100 stating that " Three Lions doesn't boast great graphics and has a few niggling flaws(like the omission of any type analog control), but there's enough innovation and gameplay here to give the other World Cup bandwagon games a run for their money
References
External links
1998 video games
Association football video games
Game Boy Color games
PlayStation (console) games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Take-Two Interactive games
Video games scored by Allister Brimble
Harakeli Nataka is a Sanskrit drama written by the Chahamana (Chauhan) king Vigraharaja IV alias Visaladeva, who ruled from 1150 to 1164 CE. This drama is based on Kiratarjuniya of writer Bharavi.The play is also called Lalita Vigraharaja Nataka.
The only extant parts of Harakeli Nataka were found inscribed in the ruined Sanskrit college and Sarasvati temple at Ajmer, which was converted into the Adhai Din Ka Jhonpra mosque by Qutb al-Din Aibak, the first sultan of Delhi. It tells of their love with princess Desaldevi, and their war preparations against a Turushka (Turkic) king named Hammir.
Plot
The plot of Harkeli Nataka involves Vigraharaja's preparations against a Turushka ruler named Hammira (Emir). In the story, their minister Shridhara tells them not to risk a battle with a powerful adversary. Nevertheless, Vigraharaja is determined to fight the Turushka king. They send a message to their lover Desaladevi, informing them that the upcoming battle would soon give them an opportunity to meet them The play describes Desaladevi as the daughter of prince Vasantapala of Indrapura. The play is available only in fragments, so the details of the ensuing battle are not known.
Historicity
Historian Dasharatha Sharma identified Hammira with Khusrau Shah of Ghazna, and assumed that Vigraharaja repulsed their invasion.
Historian R. B. Singh, on the other hand, theorizes that no actual battle place between Vigraharaja and Hammira. According to Singh's theory, the "Hammira" on the play might have been Bahram Shah, who fled to India after the Ghurids defeated them at the Battle of Ghazni (1151). Bahram Shah invaded the Tomara territory of Delhi after coming to India. Vasantapala might have been a Tomara ruler, possibly Anangapala. Indrapura may refer to Indraprastha, that is, Delhi. Vigraharaja probably decided to send an army in support of the Tomara king. But before an actual battle could take place, Bahram Shah returned to Ghazna as the Ghurids had departed from that city.
References
Bibliography
Indian literature
Sanskrit plays
Toledo Esporte Clube, commonly known as Toledo, is a Brazilian professional association football club based in Toledo, Paraná, that competes in the Série D, the fourth tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Paranaense, the top division of the Paraná state football league.
History
The club was founded on 10 February 2004. They won the Campeonato Paranaense Second Level in 2007, when they beat Real Brasil, Auritânia and Francisco Beltrão in the final stage of the competition. Toledo competed in the Série C in 2008, when they were eliminated in the Second Stage.
The club won the 2019 Taça Barcímio Sicupira, its first Campeonato Paranaense title.
Achievements
Campeonato Paranaense Second Level:
Winners (1): 2007
Stadium
Toledo Colônia Work play their home games at Estádio Municipal 14 de Dezembro. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 20,280 people.
References
Football clubs in Paraná (state)
Association football clubs established in 2004
2004 establishments in Brazil
Wu Zao (; 1799 – 1862) was a Chinese poet. They were also known as Wu Pinxiang
() and Yucenzi ().
Background and career
The daughter of a merchant, they were born in the town of Renhe (now Hangzhou) in Zhejiang province. They married a merchant named Huang. Them contemporaries were wont to point out that their husband and father had "never even glanced at a book".
They were famous as a lyrics (ci) writer, in which they were considered one of the best of the Qing dynasty. They also wrote poetry in the sanqu form. They were said to be a good player of the qin, a stringed instrument. Wu wrote an opera (zaju) Yinjiu du Sao (Reading the "Li Sao" While Drinking), also known as Qiaoying (The Fake Image). Two collections of their works were published: Hualian ci (Flower curtain lyrics) and Xiangnan xuebei ci (Lyrics from South of the Fragrance and North of the Snows). They became a student of the poet Chen Wenshu.
They were one of a number of early nineteenth-century women poets who wrote about the novel Dream of the Red Chamber.
Wu converted to Buddhism later in life.
Translations
Several of their works have been translated into English, notably by Anthony Yu.
References
External links
Some of their poems can be found on the Ming Qing Women Writers database.
1799 births
1862 deaths
Qing dynasty poets
Chinese women poets
Chinese Buddhists
Writers from Hangzhou
Poets from Zhejiang
19th-century Chinese poets
19th-century women writers
Sharda Sinha (1 October 1952) is a Maithili Singer.She is known for their Maithili version of the Chhath Puja themed song "Ho Dinanath". Sinha was awarded Padma Bhushan, India's third highest civilian award, on the eve of Republic Day, 2018. In 1991, they received the Padma Shri award for their contribution to music.
Background
Sinha was born in Hulas, Raghopur, Supaul district of Bihar. Them in-laws home is in Sihma village in Begusarai district. They started their career by singing Maithili folk songs. Sinha sings only in Maithili. Prayag Sangeet Samiti organised Basant Mahotsava at Allahabad where Sinha presented numerous songs based on the theme of spring season, where the advent of spring was narrated through folk songs. They regularly perform during Chhath Puja festivities. They performed when the Prime Minister of Mauritius Navin Ramgoolam came to Bihar.
Sinha performed at Pragati Maidan in the Bihar Utsav, 2010, New Delhi.
Sinha also sang the song "Kahe Toh Se Sajna" in the hit movie Maine Pyar Kia (1989), "Taar Bijli" from Bollywood film Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2 and "Kaun Si Nagaria" from Bollywood film Chaarfutiya Chhokare.
Sharda Sinha and Chhath
Sharda Sinha, a folk singer synonymous with Chhath, has come out with two new songs on Chhath after a decade in 2016. Them last album of devotional songs was released in 2006.
In the songs - with lyrics like Supawo Naa Mile Maai and Pahile Pahil Chhathi Maiya - Sharda is urging people to come to Bihar during Chhath. Other Chhath songs played during the festival include Kelwa Ke Paat Par Ugalan Suraj Mal Jhake Jhuke, Hey Chhathi Maiya, Ho Dinanath, Bahangi Lachakat Jaaye, Roje Roje Ugelaa, Suna Chhathi Maai, Jode Jode Supawa and Patna Ke Ghat Par. Though old, the songs are relevant and devotees play them every year.
"High-handedness of music companies and lack of good lyrics had kept me away all this while," Sharda told The Telegraph on 3 November 2016. "As these issues got addressed this year, I rendered my voice to the songs." It took 20 days to shoot the songs, which were released on Diwali.
The lyricist for Supawo Naa Mile Maai (5.57 minutes) is Hriday Narayan Jha and for Pahile Pahil Chhathi Maiya (6.57 minutes) both Shanti Jain and Sharda. Pahile Pahil... - produced by Neetu Chandra, Nitin Neera Chandra and Anshuman Sinha - has been released under the banners of Swar Sharda (Sharda Sinha Music Foundation), Champaran Talkies and Neo Bihar. Supawo Na Mile Maai has been released under the banner of Swar Sharda and produced by Anshuman.
Sharda's last album on Chhath, Arag, had eight songs. In their entire career, they have sung 62 Chhath songs in nine albums released by T-Series, HMV and Tips.
"Through these songs, I have tried my level best to save our rich culture and tradition," Sharda said. "There is a urban contemporary feel so that people can relate to it."
Sharda has also lent their voice to some Hindi film songs, like Kahe Toh Se Sajna in Maine Pyar Kiya, the movie in which Salman Khan made their debut. There are other songs by them in Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, Anurag Kashyap's critically acclaimed Gangs of Wasseypur (part II), Char Footiya Chokre and Nitin Neera Chandra's Deswa.
References
External links
Living people
Hindustani singers
Indian women classical singers
Indian women folk singers
Indian folk singers
Women musicians from Bihar
Singers from Bihar
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
People from Supaul district
Women Hindustani musicians
20th-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in arts
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
1952 births
Trictena atripalpis, also known as bardee (bardy, bardi) grub, rain moth or waikerie is a moth of the family Hepialidae. It is found in the whole southern half of Australia.
Habitat
The rain moth is found right across southern Australia in woodland areas alongside creeks and gullies, especially near eucalyptus trees.
Larvae
The caterpillar is used extensively by fishermen as bait. This is where the common name "bardee", "bardi", "badee", or "bargi grub" is derived from. This name is also used for the larva of the beetle Bardistus cibarius (Cerambycidae), as well as various ground dwelling and wood boring moth larvae.
The larvae live in tunnels, feeding on Casuarina pauper and Eucalyptus species, especially Eucalyptus camaldulensis. They are herbivores.
Moth
The other common name, "rain moth", stems from the fact that adults often emerge after rain, typically in autumn, leaving the empty pupal cases sticking up out of the ground.
The wingspan is up to for males and for females. The moths have fawned coloured wings with two silver flash markings across each fore wing. They can be the same size as a small insectivorous bat, and owls often prey on them. The body reaches a length of 120 mm.
The adult females produce a great number (up to 40,000) of eggs, which are scattered while flying. Their flight months are in Autumn (April to June).
References
Hepialidae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1856
This page details statistics and records regarding the North Wales Crusaders Rugby League club. This includes competitive matches following their inception in 2012.
Team Records
Seasons
As of 02/09/12. Round is the round reached in the competition.
Wins & Losses
As of 2/9/12
Opposition
As of 02/9/12
Attendance
Highest Attendance: 1,513 V Barrow Raiders (11 March 2012)
As of 12/8/12
Player Records
For a list of North Wales Crusaders players,
Player summary
As of 2/9/12
Appearances
As of 10/4/18
Points
As of 10/4/18
Tries
As of 2/9/12
Goals
As of 2/9/12
Firsts
Games
First game: Friendly V Leigh East at Leigh Sports Village on 20/1/12. Won 12-34
First competitive game: Championship 1 game V Barrow Raiders at Racecourse Ground on 11/3/12. Lost 24-26
First Challenge Cup game: V Toulouse Olympique at Racecourse Ground on 24/3/12. Won 28-10
First win: Challenge Cup game V Toulouse Olympique at Racecourse Ground on 34/3/12. Won 28-10
Players
First Try: Lee Hudson v Leigh East on 20/1/12.
First competitive Try: Andy Moulsdale v Barrow Raiders on 11/3/12.
Most Try's in a Game: 3 Leon Brennan V Oldham, Andy Moulsdale V Gateshead Thunder & Billy Sheen V Gateshead Thunder
Oldest player: Christiaan Roets 31 years, 11 months, 28 days - V Whitehaven 2/9/2012
Youngest player: Lewys Weaver 18 years, 10 months, 29 days - V London Skolars 12/8/2012
Awards, honours and nominations
End-of-season awards
Awards are presented at the end of season dinner.
Nominations for 'Try of the year' were on the Official website after the final game.
Nominations for 'Smash of the year' were on the Official website after the final game.
Voted for by coaching staff.
Voted for on the official website
Voted for by the playing staff
Voted for by members of the Crusaders Rugby League Supporters Club.
Internationals
Players who have won international caps whilst playing for the Crusaders. Stats also include total caps during their career.
Updated 22 October 2012.
References
Statistics and records
In the Russian Empire, a colony () was a type of settlement, typically agricultural, created under government encouragement in sparsely populated territories. Most commonly they were created by foreigners invited to resettle to Russia but there were also efforts to create Jewish colonies for resettling Jews from other areas within the Pale of settlement. The settlers were called colonists ().
For example, this was done in newly acquired lands, such as Novorossiya and Bessarabia.
See also
Military settlement
Volga Germans
Slavo-Serbia
New Serbia
Jewish agricultural colonies of Bessarabia
References
Types of populated places
Russification
Settlement schemes
History of colonialism
Social history of Russia
Geographic history of Russia
Territorial evolution of Russia
Jewish Russian and Soviet history
Former populated places in Russia
Satahovci (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
Name
Satahovci was attested in written sources as Zetekolcz in 1365. The Slovene name Satahovci (like the Hungarian name Muraszentes and older Szvetahócz or Szvetehócz) is derived from the adjective *svętъ 'holy, sacred', referring to a consecrated place. In older sources, Satahovci is also attested in Slovene as Setovci, Svetovci, and Svetahovci.
Cultural heritage
There is a small chapel in the settlement dedicated to the Holy Spirit. It was built in 1852 and has a belfry with an onion-domed copper-covered roof.
References
External links
Satahovci at Geopedia.si
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Lee Ki-ho (Hangul: 이기호, born 17 August 1984) is a South Korean speed skater. They competed for South Korea at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Personal records
500m – 34.59 (16 November 2007, Calgary)
1000m – 1:08.36 (18 November 2007, Calgary)
1500m – 1:59.09 (28 December 2002, Seoul)
External links
skateresults
Living people
1984 births
South Korean male speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of South Korea
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade silver medalists for South Korea
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
The 23rd Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 23වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1994 Sinhala cinema on August 12, 1995, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Them Excellency The President Chandrika Kumaratunga was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Nomiyena Minisun won the six prestigious awards including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1995 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Melanie James is a Zimbabwean international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
James was selected as part of the five woman team by Zimbabwe for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
They won a fours bronze medal (with Allyson Dale, Heather Singleton and Kerry Craven), at the 2019 Atlantic Bowls Championships.
References
Zimbabwean female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Riot on Sunset Strip is a 1967 counterculture-era exploitation movie, released by American International Pictures. It was filmed and released within four months of the late-1966 Sunset Strip curfew riots.
The film stars Frank Alesia, Aldo Ray, Mimsy Farmer, Michael Evans, Anna Strasberg, Laurie Mock, Gene Kirkwood, Tim Rooney, and features musical appearances by The Standells and The Chocolate Watch Band. Earlier that year, Farmer, Mock and Kirkwood appeared in Hot Rods to Hell, where Farmer portrayed the bad girl and Mock a vulnerable virgin. In this film, they switched characters.
The film attempts to capture the essence of the period around the Sunset Strip riot, and also adds a subplot that revolves around a young girl's troubled relationship with their divorced parents. Them dosage with LSD by a would-be seducer, the subsequent 'acid trip' they experience, and their later discovery by a police sergeant as the victim of gang rape, are among the movie's peak moments.
The film is now available on DVD through the MGM Limited Edition Collection.
Production notes
"Riot on Sunset Strip", a classic song in the genre of garage punk, was written for the film by Tony Valentino and John Fleck of the Standells.
The film was made for MGM but they could not move fast enough to release it so Katzman sold it to American International Pictures.
Cast
Aldo Ray as Walt Lorimer
Mimsy Farmer as Andrea Dollier
Michael Evans as Frank Tweedy
Laurie Mock as Liz-Ann Barbrey
Tim Rooney as Grady Toss
Bill Baldwin as Stokes
Anna Strasberg as Helen Tweedy (credited as Anna Mizrahi)
Hortense Petra as Margie
Schuyler Hayden as Herbie
Gene Kirkwood as Flip
Pat Renella as Perry
Forrest Lewis as Aynsley
George E. Carey as Arnow
John Hart as Pritchard
Dick Winslow as Curtis
See also
List of American films of 1967
Hippie exploitation films
Captivity narratives
Rape and revenge films
References
External links
Review by Dennis Schwartz
DVD available
American International Pictures films
1967 films
1967 drama films
American drama films
Films about hallucinogens
Films directed by Arthur Dreifuss
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Ultimate Custom Night is a point-and-click survival horror video game developed and published by Scott Cawthon. It is the second spinoff game in the Five Nights at Freddy's series and the eighth game overall. Featuring over 50 characters from the previous games to fend off against, players can customize each antagonist's difficulty level to either facilitate or hinder survival. They can also customize their office room, and complete various challenges presented by the game.
Originally announced as DLC for 2017's Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator, the game was later turned into a standalone release due to its size. It was released for free on Microsoft Windows on June 27, 2018 via Steam and Game Jolt. A mobile port for iOS and Android was released on April 28, 2020, and a console port for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch was released on April 30, 2021. A sequel, Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted, was released on May 28, 2019.
Gameplay
The game allows the player to choose from 50 characters from the first six main Five Nights at Freddy's games and FNaF World, and set their difficulty levels for the night from a minimum of "0" to a maximum of "20". During the night, the player must keep track of several mechanics, such as doors, ventilation systems, and air duct systems to avoid being attacked by the animatronics. The player can earn "Faz-Coins" to buy power-ups, plushies to stop certain animatronics, and a "Death Coin" to eliminate an animatronic of the player's choice from the current night. The player is also able to select the office setting, choose power-ups that may help them during the night, and select 16 challenges available to them. The objective is to survive from 12 a.m. to 6 a.m., with each hour in-game lasting 45 seconds. In the final release, 59 characters from the franchise were included, with some appearing without the player's choice. Of these extra nine, Dee Dee from FNaF World has the ability to randomly spawn and summon either a character that isn't currently active or one of six that are unavailable to the player, with a new form of their named XOR being able to summon all of the extra six. An Easter egg involving using the Death Coin on Golden Freddy when he's the only active character on a night and set to "1" difficulty triggers a jumpscare from Fredbear, the earlier incarnation of Golden Freddy who had previously only appeared in minigames.
Plot
While it's unclear if the game is canon to the franchise, players have come up with theories as to how the game might fit into the series' timeline. As such, the following is speculation.
Taking place after the previous installment, the player assumes the role of series antagonist William Afton, who was killed in a fire at the end of the sixth game and is now trapped in a purgatory-like state, tortured by various animatronics as consequences of their actions. Some of the speaking antagonists mention an unknown entity, referred to as "the one you should not have killed", who is thought to stay with Afton to torture him. The entity is widely regarded to be the spirit living inside Golden Freddy because, after unlocking every intermission cutscene, a cutscene of Golden Freddy, twitching and surrounded by darkness, is shown. Golden Freddy is also the only character that will kill the player upon attempting to use the death coin on them (only if they are set to "1" and is the sole active animatronic). A rare screen also shows an obscured face of a small, grinning child thought to be the "vengeful spirit", whose voice is rarely heard through a few of the characters. During the night, if Old Man Consequences is set to "1" and all other characters are inactive, then, after catching a fish, a scene from FNaF World will be shown. The player takes control of a bear sprite (possibly Golden Freddy) and speaks with Old Man Consequences, who tells them to leave the "demon" (Afton) to their own demons and rest their own soul. The only way of returning to the main menu from here is to close the game or drown in the lake, which will cause the game to crash.
Despite the game's apparent non-canonicity, the anthology novel series Fazbear Frights contains several references to it. This mainly comes from a story called "The Man in Room 1280" featured in the fifth book, Bunny Call, which tells of a burned man who is kept alive by a shadow child despite the fact that they should be dead and suffers nightmares. In the following book, Blackbird, the epilogue confirms that this man is actually William Afton; implying that Afton did not end up in purgatory as players have speculated, but was kept alive and tortured with nightmares by the vengeful spirit inside Golden Freddy. Although Cawthon did not confirm whether the Fazbear Frights series is canon or not, they said that it's supposed to reveal mysteries from the previous games.
Development
In February 2018, after the release of Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator, Cawthon announced in a Steam post that they would think about gaining help from larger publishers in making future games. In an edited version of the same post, they added that they would be developing an "ultimate custom night" add-on for Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator, which, as revealed on their website, would have more than 50 animatronics from the entire series attacking the player. After realizing the size of the update, Cawthon decided to make it its own separate game. As they were programming the characters in the game, they would update the "progress bar" on their website, along with a brief description of the characters on a Steam post. The game was due for release on June 29, 2018. However, on June 22, in a Steam post by Cawthon, they revealed that they had planned to release the game on that day, but they had promised YouTuber Lewis Dawkins (a.k.a. "Dawko") that they would not release it before they came back from a cruise vacation, so they would wait until Dawkins returned from vacation on June 27 to release the game.
Reception
Ultimate Custom Night received mostly positive reviews. Rock Paper Shotgun deemed the game "an intriguing mess", with PC Gamer calling it "a neat, customisable take on the classic survival horror formula".
References
External links
2018 video games
Five Nights at Freddy's
Indie video games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Single-player video games
Clickteam Fusion games
Android (operating system) games
IOS games
PlayStation 4 games
Xbox One games
Nintendo Switch games
Horror video games
Point-and-click adventure games
Video games about robots
Works about missing people
Video games set in hell
Mitunduruni is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,905.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Interferon alpha-5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IFNA5 gene.
References
Further reading
Dark Is the Night may refer to:
Dark Is the Night (1945 film), Soviet film
Dark Is the Night (2017 film)
"Dark Is the Night" (Soviet song), a song originally performed by Mark Bernes in the 1943 war film Two Soldiers
"Dark Is the Night for All", a 1993 song by A-ha
MACS J0025.4-1222 is a galaxy cluster created by the collision of two galaxy clusters, and is part of the MAssive Cluster Survey (MACS). Like the earlier discovered Bullet Cluster, this cluster shows a clear separation between the centroid of the intergalactic gas (of the majority of the normal, or baryonic, mass) and the colliding clusters.
In the image, intergalactic gas is shown in pink and the mass centroids of the colliding clusters in blue, showing the separation of the two, similar to the Bullet Cluster. It provides independent, direct evidence for dark matter and supports the view that dark matter particles interact with each other only very weakly.
Details
The shown image is a composite of separate exposures made by Hubble Space Telescope ACS and WFPC2 detectors and the Chandra ACIS detector. The Hubble images were taken on November 5, 2006, and June 6, 2007. The visible light images from Hubble showed gravitational lensing which allowed astronomers to infer the distribution of total mass (both dark matter and normal matter)(colored in blue). The distribution of normal matter is mostly in the form of hot gas glowing brightly in X-rays (shown pink). Its distribution was accurately mapped from Chandra data. From these it was possible to tell that most of the mass in the two blue regions was dark matter.
The international team of astronomers in this study was led by Marusa Bradac of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and Steve Allen of the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology at Stanford University and the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC).
The two clusters that formed MACS J0025 are each almost a million billion times the mass of the Sun. They merged at speeds of millions of miles per hour, and as they did so the hot gas in each cluster collided with the hot gas in the other and slowed down. The dark matter (which interacts weakly) did not. The separation between the normal matter (pink) and dark matter (blue) therefore provides direct evidence for dark matter and supports the view that dark matter particles interact with each other almost entirely through gravity.
References
External links
Galaxy clusters
The National Committee of the Chinese Aviation Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Aviation trade unions
Transport trade unions in China
Karig (, also Romanized as Kārīg; also known as Gārīk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
2001
General elections due for early 2001 were postponed in Februaryof that year due to the insecurity caused by the civil war. In May 2001, sanctions were imposed on Liberia for its support for the rebels, and U.N. peacekeepers began to make headway in disarming the various factions. Although disarmament of rebel and progovernment militias proceeded slowly and fighting continued to occur, by January 2002 most of the estimated 45,000 fighters had surrendered their weapons. In a ceremony that month, government and rebel leaders declared the civil war to have ended. An estimated 50,000 persons died in the conflict.
2002
Elections were finally held in May 2002. President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah was reelected, and their Sierra Leone People's Party won a 83 of the 112 parliamentary seats.
2003
In June 2003, the UN ban on the sale of Sierra Leone diamonds expired and was not renewed.
2004
The UN disarmament and rehabilitation program for Sierra Leone's fighters was completed in February 2004, by which time more 70,000 former combatants had been helped. UN forces returned primary responsibility for security in the area around the capital to Sierra Leone's police and armed forces in September 2004. It was the last part of the country to be turned over.
2005
Some UN peacekeepers remained to assist the Sierra Leone government until the end of 2005.
Truth and Reconciliation Commission
The 1999 Lomé Accord called for the establishment of a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to provide a forum for both victims and perpetrators of human rights violations during the conflict to tell their stories and facilitate genuine reconciliation. Subsequently, the Sierra Leonean Government and the UN agreed to set up the Special Court for Sierra Leone to try those who "bear the greatest responsibility for the commission of crimes against humanity, war crimes and serious violations of international humanitarian law, as well as crimes under relevant Sierra Leonean law within the territory of Sierra Leone since November 30, 1996." Both the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court began operating in the summer of 2002. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission released its final Report to the government in October 2004. In June 2005, the Government of Sierra Leone issued a White Paper on the Commission's final report which accepted some but not all of the Commission's recommendations. Members of civil society groups dismissed the government's response as too vague and continued to criticize the government for its failure to follow up on the report's recommendations.|
Special Court
In March 2003 the Special Court for Sierra Leone issued its first indictments. Foday Sankoh, already in custody, was indicted, along with notorious RUF field commander Sam Bockarie, Johnny Paul Koroma, and Samuel Hinga Norman, the Minister of Interior and former head of the Civil Defence Forces, among several others. Norman was arrested when the indictments were announced, while Bockarie and Koroma remained in hiding. On May 5, 2003 Bockarie was killed in Liberia. Johnny Paul Koroma was also rumored to have been killed, though their death remains unconfirmed. Two of the accused, Sankoh and Norman, have died while incarcerated. On March 25, 2006, with the election of Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo permitted transfer of Charles Taylor, who had been living in exile in the Nigerian town of Calabar, to Sierra Leone for prosecution. Two days later, Taylor attempted to flee Nigeria, but they were apprehended by Nigerian authorities and transferred to Freetown under UN guard.
2007
Elections held on August 11, 2007 had a good turnout and were initially judged by official observers to be "free, fair and credible".
References
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone
A Few Days with Me (original title: Quelques jours avec moi) is a 1988 French film directed by Claude Sautet. It received three César Award nominations at the 1989 César Awards.
Plot
Martial (Daniel Auteuil) is discharged from a mental institution where they spent a few years due to a serious nervous breakdown. During their hospitalization, they cease to speak with everyone, including their wife Régine (Thérèse Liotard), whom they had encouraged to find a new partner soon after entering the clinic. Upon their return, they find their mother (Danielle Darrieux), a busy businesswoman who owns a supermarket chain.  They are convinced that their son, who by now hardly talks to anyone after their experience, will be able to find themselves again if tasked with some responsibilities.
Soon enough, Martial is sent to Limoges on a business trip to check on one of their stores in the hope of reinvigorating its failing business. Once they arrive, Martial is faced with responsibilities they had never imagined, including dealing with the store's personnel. Due to their lack of people skills, this job is a difficult task. Meantime, as instructed by their mother, they check on the accounting handled by the manager, Mr. Fonfrin (Jean-Pierre Marielle), and they soon realizes that the reason for the branch's close-to-failure status is that Fonfrin is padding the books. Due to their inability to take charge for anything in life, Martial fails to perform their duties and instead befriends the crooked manager, who invites the naive heir to join them and their wife (Dominique Lavanant) for dinner one night. They immediately falls in love with Francine (Sandrine Bonnaire), the maid, an eccentric young woman with whom they have a brief relationship.
Martial unconditionally showers Francine with many gifts, as this is the first time in several years that they feel close to someone; it is a short episode that makes their dejected life momentarily look brighter. They let their work fall behind for them but, unfortunately, the romance does not last long and, upon their return to Paris, they are deemed incompetent and re-admitted to the hospital.
Cast
Daniel Auteuil as Martial Pasquier
Sandrine Bonnaire as Francine
Danielle Darrieux as Madame Pasquier — Martial's mother
Jean-Pierre Marielle as Mr. Fonfier
Dominique Lavanant as Mrs. Fonfier
Thérèse Liotard as Régine — Martial's wife
Vincent Lindon as Fernand
Jean-Pierre Castaldi as Max
Gérard Ismaël as Rocky
Tanya Lopert as Madame Maillotte
Philippe Laudenbach as Monsieur Maillotte
Dominique Blanc as Georgette
Élisa Servier
Reception
New York Times' Vincent Canby described Claude Sautet as an artist who often uses their films to lambast bourgeoisie's hypocrisy, a trait that is seen in this and other movies they directed. In Quelques jours avec moi, they use Martial's character to counter the above, as they represent its antithesis. In Le Figaro, Nicolas Jouenne notes their perception of the film as a comedy at first, rather hilarious, that swerves onto a tragedy toward the end.
Accolades
References
External links
1988 films
Films directed by Claude Sautet
Films scored by Philippe Sarde
French comedy-drama films
1980s French-language films
1980s French films
The Allpahuayo antbird (Percnostola arenarum) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to northeastern Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
References
Antbird, Allpahuayo
Percnostola
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds described in 2001
Traf-O-Data was a business partnership between Bill Gates, Paul Allen and Paul Gilbert that existed in the 1970s. The objective was to read the raw data from roadway traffic counters and create reports for traffic engineers. The company had only modest success but the experience was instrumental in the creation of Microsoft Corporation a few years later.
Traffic counting
State and local governments frequently perform traffic surveys with a pneumatic road tube traffic counter. Rubber hoses are stretched across a road and wheels of passing vehicles create air pulses that are recorded by a roadside counter. In the 1970s the counts were mechanically recorded on a roll of paper tape. The time and number of axles were punched as a 16-bit pattern into the paper tape. (The common Teletype paper tape uses only 7 bits.) Cities would hire private companies to translate the data into reports that traffic engineers could use to adjust traffic lights or improve roads.
Bill Gates and Paul Allen were high school students at Lakeside School in Seattle. The Lakeside Programmers Group got free computer time on various computers in exchange for writing computer programs. Gates and Allen thought they could process the traffic data cheaper and faster than the local companies. They recruited classmates to manually read the hole-patterns in the paper tape and transcribe the data onto computer cards. Gates then used a computer at the University of Washington to produce the traffic flow charts. (Paul Allen's father was a librarian at UW.) This was the beginning of Traf-O-Data.
Traf-O-Data hardware
The next step was to build a device to read the traffic tapes directly and eliminate the tedious manual work. The Intel 8008 microprocessor was announced in 1972 and they realized it could read the tapes and process the data. Allen had graduated and was enrolled at Washington State University. Since neither Gates nor Allen had any hardware design experience, they were initially stumped.
Gates and Allen had a friend, Paul Wennberg, who, like them, loitered at Control Data Corporation near the University of Washington, cadging open time on the mainframe computer. Wennberg, later the founder of the Triakis Corporation, was an electrical engineering student at the University of Washington. In the course of events Gates and Allen mentioned they were looking for somebody to build them a computer for free. They needed somebody good enough to build a computer from parts and the diagrams found in a computer magazine. Wennberg talked to their friend, Wes Prichard, who suggested to Wennberg that Gates and Allen head over to the UW Physics building, now known as Mary Gates Hall, to talk to Paul Gilbert, another electrical engineering student, who worked in the high-energy tracking laboratory. It was there that Paul Gilbert was approached by the duo to become a partner in Traf-O-Data.
That year Gilbert, piece by piece, wire-wrapped, soldered, and assembled from electrical components the working microcomputer. Miles Gilbert, Paul Gilbert's brother, a graphic designer and draftsman, helped the fledgling company by designing the company's logo. Gates and Allen started writing the software. To test the software while the computer was being designed, Paul Allen wrote a computer program on WSU's IBM System/360 that would emulate the 8008 microprocessor.
Although the plan had been to manufacture and sell the machines:
Later, the State of Washington offered free traffic processing services to cities, ending the need for private contractors, and all three principals moved on to other projects. The real contribution of Traf-O-Data was the experience that Gates and Allen gained, skills they used to write Altair BASIC for the MITS Altair 8800 computer:
References
1972 establishments in Washington (state)
1975 disestablishments in Washington (state)
Bill Gates
Companies based in Seattle
Computer companies established in 1972
Computer companies disestablished in 1975
Transport companies established in 1972
Transport companies disestablished in 1975
Transportation engineering
Proliniscus is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae, found in Africa. Most of its species were originally placed in Liniscus (now known as Zohranus) or Syagrus.
Species
Proliniscus antennatus (Jacoby, 1900)
Proliniscus cylindriformis (Jacoby, 1897)
Proliniscus dombeyae (Bryant, 1941)
Proliniscus garambaensis Selman, 1972
Proliniscus natalensis (Lefèvre, 1891)
Proliniscus parvulus (Jacoby, 1899)
Proliniscus puncticollis (Jacoby, 1900)
Proliniscus viridis Selman, 1973
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Africa
Kurt Stern (1907 in Berlin – 1989) was a screenwriter who worked for the DEFA film studio in East Germany. They worked in partnership with their wife Jeanne (née Machin). In 1953, together with director Martin Hellberg, the Sterns were awarded the Gold Medal of the World Peace Council for the film Das verurteilte Dorf ("The condemned village").
References
External links
1907 births
1989 deaths
Writers from Berlin
Communist Party of Germany politicians
Socialist Unity Party of Germany politicians
German male screenwriters
East German writers
International Brigades personnel
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
German male writers
Film people from Berlin
20th-century German screenwriters
Michelle Meera Katyal (November 24, 1978 – January 7, 2016) was a Canadian children's author who wrote under the pen name Jewel Kats. Katyal wrote over ten books and was the inspiration for Dan Parent to create the first Archie Comics character with a disability in 2014.
Early life and education
When Katyal was nine years old, they broke their leg in a car accident and resulted in having to using a wheelchair for transportation. After graduating from Milliken Mills High School, they went to the University of Toronto Mississauga and George Brown College for post-secondary studies.
Career
Katyal began their career as an advice columnist for six years and resulted in a scholarship by Harlequin Enterprises. After the divorce of their first husband, Katyal became a children's author.
After publishing their first book titled Reena's Bollywood Dream: A Story of Sexual Abuse, Katyal began an eight-book series named Fairy Ability Tales which reinterpreted fairy tales to include characters with disabilities. In 2016, Katyal's final two books Jenny & Them Dog Both Fight Cancer: A Tale of Chemotherapy and Caring and Prince Preemie were posthumously published by Loving Healing Press.
Works
Reena's Bollywood Dream: A Story About Sexual Abuse (2010)
What Do You Use To Help Your Body?: Maggie Explores the World of Disabilities (2011)
Cinderella's Magical Wheelchair: An Empowering Fairy Tale (2011)
Word Search Divas (2011)
Teddy Bear Princess: A Story about Sharing and Caring (2012)
DitzAbled Princess: A Comical Diary Inspired by Real Life (2013)
The Princess and the Ruby: An Autism Fairy Tale (2013)
Snow White's Seven Patches: A Vitiligo Fairy Tale (2013)
The Princess Panda Tea Party: A Cerebral Palsy Fairy Tale (2014)
Miss Popular Steals the Show: Girls in Wheelchairs Rule! (2014)
Hansel and Gretel: A Fairy Tale with a Down Syndrome Twist (2014)
Jenny & Them Dog Both Fight Cancer: A Tale of Chemotherapy and Caring (2016)
Prince Preemie: A Tale of a Tiny Puppy who Arrives Early (2016)
Death
Katal died on January 7, 2016, from surgical complications.
Personal life
Katyal was married to their first husband in 1998 and divorced in 2008. They married their second husband in 2013 and remained married until their death.
Awards and honours
After meeting Archie Comics artist Dan Parent, Katyal was the basis for the first Archie character to have a disability in 2014. The following year, Katyal took part in the 2015 Pan American Games opening ceremony.
In 2017, Loving Healing Press created the Jewel Kats Special Needs Award to honor the memory of Jewel Kats. The contest is administered by Reader Views and entrants must submit books that feature a story about a child overcoming a mental or physical disability.
References
1978 births
2016 deaths
21st-century Canadian women writers
Canadian people with disabilities
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
Canadian women children's writers
Canadian women non-fiction writers
Admiral Joseph Strauss (16 November 1861 – 30 December 1948) was an officer of the United States Navy, who served in World War I, and later commanded the Asiatic Fleet.
Biography
Born in Mount Morris, New York, Strauss was commissioned as an ensign on 1 July 1887. They attended the United States Naval Academy and became admiral in the United States Navy. They began a distinguished career as specialist in ordnance in June 1893 when they reported to the Bureau of Ordnance in Washington, D.C. During the Spanish–American War they served in the sloop blockading the Cuban coast, then returned to the Bureau of Ordnance. They established the Naval Proving Ground at Indian Head, Maryland, from 1900 to 1902; served on a Special Board of Naval Ordnance in 1906; and was a member of the Joint Army-Navy Board on Smokeless Powders the following year. They conducted experimental work with torpedoes while commanding the cruiser from 1909 to 1911; commanded the pre-dreadnought battleship in 1912; then became Chief of Bureau of Ordnance on 21 October 1913.
Strauss assumed command of the super-dreadnought on 30 December 1916 and remained in command as the United States entered World War I. Detached from the battleship in February 1918, they were designated Commander, Mine Force, Atlantic Fleet. They were awarded the Distinguished Service Medal both for directing the laying of the North Sea Mine Barrage and for the hazardous task of clearing it after peace came.
In October 1919 they returned to the Navy Department to serve as a member of the General Board until March 1921 when they became commander-in-chief of the Asiatic Fleet with the rank of admiral. They resumed duty with the General Board in October 1922. The following year they also worked with Congress on the budget and appropriations. They transferred to the Retired List on 16 November 1925, but returned briefly to active duty from 8 October 1937 to 8 February 1938 to serve the Advisory Board on Battleship Plans.
They died on 30 December 1948 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Other activities
Admiral Strauss was a founder of the Naval Historical Society and a longtime financial adviser of the Navy Relief Society. Among their inventions were the superimposed system of mounting guns; the first spring recoil gun mount, the first disappearing mount for deck guns of submarines, and the 12-inch gun, the fore-runner of the mighty guns for capital ships' main batteries. They received a special letter of appreciation from Secretary of the Navy Charles F. Adams in 1929 for their work on safety devices of submarines and the salvaging of sunken submarines.
Namesakes
The Navy guided-missile destroyer was named after him.
References
United States Navy admirals
1861 births
1948 deaths
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Navy personnel of World War I
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
People from Mount Morris, New York
Honorary Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Général Bonaparte was a passenger ship that was built in 1922 by Chantiers & Ateliers de Provence for the Compagnie Marseillaise de Navires à Vapeur. They were torpedoed and sunk by on 19 May 1943 with the loss of 130 lives.
Description
Général Bonaparte was long, with a beam of and a depth of . They were assessed at , . The ship was powered by a four-cylinder triple-expansion steam engine. There were two cylinders of the largest diameter. The engine was built by Chantiers & Ateliers de Provence. It was rated at 484NHP.
History
Général Bonaparte was built in 1922 by Chantiers & Ateliers de Provence, Port-de-Bouc, Bouches-du-Rhône, France for the Compagnie Marseillaise de Navires à Vapeur. They were launched on 1 January 1923. The ship was operated under the management of the Compagnie de Navigation Fraissinet. Them port of registry was Marseille and the Code Letters OVSM were allocated. In 1934, their Code Letters were changed to LOGW.
On 23 October 1937 whilst on board Général Bonaparte, César Campinchi, the Minister of Marine, remarked that they thought war with Italy was "not only inevitable but necessary". They also said that new air bases would need to be established in Corsica, from which an offensive would be launched that would "bring Fascism to its knees". The Italian press were reported to have reacted "violently" to these remarks, although there were not official protests from the Italian Government.
On 19 May 1943, Général Bonaparte was torpedoed and sunk in the Mediterranean Sea by british convoy off Nice, Alpes Maritimes by . They were on a voyage from Ajaccio, Corsica to Nice. There were 68 crew and 199 passengers on board. One hundred and thirty-seven survivors were rescued by the Kriegsmarine torpedo boats and .
References
External links
Report of the loss of Général Bonaparte in La Jeune Corse newspaper
Newspaper account of the loss of Général Bonaparte by a survivor
Photo of Général Bonaparte
1923 ships
Ships built in France
Passenger ships of France
World War II merchant ships of France
Maritime incidents in May 1943
Ships sunk by British submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Northgate is an unorganized hamlet in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada, within the rural municipality of Enniskillen No. 3. This hamlet is located along the Canada–United States border across from the community of Northgate, North Dakota.
Almost all of the remaining town was razed in 2013/2014 to make room for an extension of the Canadian National Railway.
References
Enniskillen No. 3, Saskatchewan
Unincorporated communities in Saskatchewan
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = Allmusic
| rev1Score = <ref name=""allmusic"">{{cite web|url=https://www.allmusic.com/album/mw0000619572|title=Spanish Angel (Recorded Live in Spain)|work=Allmusic|accessdate=2022-04-24}}</ref>}}Spanish Angel'' is a live album by Paul Winter Consort, released in 1993 through the record label Living Music. In 1994, the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
Track listing
"Fare Well" (Halley) – 7:02
"Spanish Angel" (Friesen) – 6:48
"Suite from the Man Who Planted Trees: Ballad of the Forest/The Planter" (Halley) – 5:36
"Oak Theme/To-do Mundo" (Halley) – 6:27
"Winter's Dream" (Halley) – 4:53
"River Run" (Castro-Neves, Friesen, Halley, Velez, Winter) – 5:59
"Almería Duet" (Friesen, Halley) – 8:25
"Montana" (Halley) – 4:19
"Music for a Sunday Night in Salamanca" (Friesen, Halley, Larson, Velez, Wadopian, Winter) – 8:49
"Appalachian Morning" (Halley) – 4:54
"Dancing Particles" (Halley, Velez, Winter) – 5:01
"Blues for Cádiz" (Friesen, Halley, Larson, Velez) – 1:50
Personnel
Paul Winter — soprano saxophone
Rhonda Larson — flute
Paul Halley — piano
Eugene Friesen — cello
Eliot Wadopian — bass
Glen Velez — percussion
References
1993 live albums
Grammy Award for Best New Age Album
Paul Winter Consort albums
Maraunenhof was a suburban quarter of northern Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Leningradsky District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
The estate Maraunenhof, originally Maraunen, was located in the forest west of the Oberteich and north of Tragheim since 1571. It was named after an Old Prussian farmer named Maraun, who acquired the land from Löbenicht in 1605. In 1651 it was reacquired by Löbenicht. In 1798 it was documented as the Gasthaus Maraunenhof.
Part of the estate of Maraunenhof was transferred from the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.) into the city of Königsberg (Stadtkreis Königsberg i. Pr) on 1 April 1905, with the remainder following on 10 June 1927. A break was made in Königsberg's city walls near the Wrangel Tower (Wrangelturm) in 1906 to allow construction of a road north through Tragheimsdorf to Maraunenhof. The Königsberger Terrain-Aktiengesellschaft Oberteich-Marauenhof, a private development company, built Maraunenhof into a suburb of upper class villas along the northern shore of the Oberteich ca. 1911. Parks in Maraunenhof included Max-Aschmann-Park, named after the merchant Max Aschmann, and the scenic Stadtgärtnerei, established by Garden Inspector Paul Käber (1869-1919).
The quarter's mostly Protestant residents attended the Herzog-Albrecht-Gedächtniskirche at König-Ottokar-platz, named after King Ottokar II of Bohemia; in 1934 the square was renamed Herzog-Albrecht-Platz after Albert, Duke of Prussia. In 1935 a military hospital was opened near Max-Aschmann-Park for Königsberg's garrison. The quarter Tragheimer Palve developed just west of Maraunenhof.
The football club VfB Königsberg played its home games at the Sportplatz des Vereins für Bewegungs Spiele near the Stadtgärtnerei, aside from 1940-41 when they played at the Sportplatz am Friedländer Tor between Haberberg and Rosenau. The women's athletic club Königsberger Damen Sportverein also played along Aschmannallee in Maraunenhof.
While most of Königsberg was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg, Maraunenhof was relatively unscathed by World War II.
Notes
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Populated places established in 1911
Josh Gardner (born September 4, 1982 in Freeport, Texas) is former American soccer player.
Career
College and amateur
Gardner played college soccer at the University of Cincinnati a starter as a first-year student in 2001 to 2003. In 2002, was named second team All-Conference USA, they were tied for team lead with five assists. In 2003, Gardner led the team in points, tied for Bearcats' team lead with six goals and led the team with six assists. Gardner earned All C-USA first team honors, second team All-Region after leading the Bearcats to the NCAA Tournament for only the second time in school history, and first team All-Ohio. They also played for the Houston Toros in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional
On the strength Gardner's single exceptional game for the United States U-20 national team in 2003, Gardner was offered a Project-40 contract before the 2004 season, which they signed. They were drafted 13th overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft by Los Angeles Galaxy, but saw very little playing time with the team, appearing in only two games, playing 25 minutes.
Their stock rose prior to the 2006 season, as they turned in a strong performance in the CONCACAF Champions' Cup and started two of the first three games of the MLS season. Unfortunately, they soon fell out of favor with then-coach Steve Sampson and would not see much playing time until Sampson was fired and replaced by Frank Yallop. After Yallop's arrival, Gardner started every Galaxy game and was even mentioned as a replacement at left-back when the Galaxy traded Todd Dunivant. Gardner scored their first MLS goal on July 8, 2006, against Real Salt Lake. The Galaxy eventually released Gardner on March 23, 2007. During their three years with the Galaxy, Gardner played 1,096 minutes in 21 games and was a member of the Galaxy team that won both the MLS Cup and the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup in 2005.
Gardner signed with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division in 2007, and quickly became their starting left midfielder, helping them win the USL1 Championship in their first year with the team.
When the USL Sounders were replaced by the MLS expansion team Seattle Sounders FC at the end of the 2008 season Gardner signed with the Carolina RailHawks in January 2009. They played 47 regular season games for Carolina over the next two seasons, helping them to a divisional title and the final of the USSF Division 2 Pro League playoffs in 2010.
Gardner made a return to Major League Soccer in 2011 when they signed with the Columbus Crew. They made their Black & Gold debut on February 22, 2011 in leg 1 of the Crew's CONCACAF Champions League quarter-final series against Real Salt Lake. On August 27, 2011, Gardner set an MLS record for fastest time between a goal and an own goal against the Seattle Sounders, scoring in the 73rd minute, and scoring an own goal in the 74th.
Gardner was left exposed by Columbus in the 2011 MLS Expansion Draft and was selected by expansion side Montreal Impact. They stayed with Montreal through the 2012 season, but the club announced in November 2012 that they would not return in 2013. Their rights were traded to Sporting Kansas City in exchange for a second-round 2013 MLS SuperDraft pick.
Gardner was waived by Sporting on March 25, 2014.
International
In 2003 Gardner was invited to play in the US Soccer Festival with the United States U-20 national team. They assisted on the game's only goal.
Honors
Sporting Kansas City
MLS Cup: 2013
Los Angeles Galaxy
MLS Cup: 2005
Seattle Sounders
USL First Division Championship (1): 2007
USL First Division Commissioner's Cup (1): 2007
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Association football defenders
Cincinnati Bearcats men's soccer players
Columbus Crew players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Houston Toros players
LA Galaxy draft picks
LA Galaxy players
Major League Soccer players
CF Montréal players
North Carolina FC players
People from Freeport, Texas
Seattle Sounders (1994–2008) players
Sporting Kansas City non-playing staff
Sporting Kansas City players
Sportspeople from the Houston metropolitan area
Soccer players from Texas
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
USL First Division players
USL League Two players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
Bridget Namiotka (born January 3, 1990) is an American former pair skater. They teamed up with John Coughlin in late 2004. They won three medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series, including gold in Croatia, and placed fourth at the 2006 and 2007 World Junior Championships. They announced the end of their partnership on July 3, 2007.
Programs
(with Coughlin)
Competitive highlights
With Merrit
With Coughlin
Accusations against John Coughlin
When Namiotka was between the ages of 14 and 17, their skating partner was John Coughlin, who was four years their senior. Coughlin committed suicide in January 2019, while under investigation for sexual abuse, and suspended, by the United States Center for SafeSport.
In May 2019, Namiotka identified themselves on Facebook as a victim of Coughlin, becoming the first skater to go public. In the same posting, Namiotka said that Coughlin had "hurt a lot of people" and "had hurt at least 10 girls".
References
External links
American female pair skaters
1990 births
Living people
People from West Chester, Pennsylvania
21st-century American women
20th-century American women
Lovely Difficult is the fourth album by Mayra Andrade, released on November 11, 2013 in Cape Verde, Brazil, and much of western Europe. Compared to their first three albums, Lovely Difficult is less traditional and more pop, with collaborations with artists from the United States, Israel, France, and England and songs in Portuguese, Cape Verdean creole, French, and English. The first single, "We Used to Call It Love", was released in September 2013.
Reception
The album was nominated in the Best World Music Album category at the 2014 Victoires de la Musique.
Track listing
References
External links
Mayra Andrade albums
2013 albums
Orilathanalil is a 2021 Malayalam-language social drama film from India. It was produced by Sandeep. R under the banner Sahasrara Cinemas and directed by Asok. R. Nath who previously directed movies like Saphalam, December, Mizhikal Sakshi, Ven Shankhu Pol etc. Orilathanalil was one of the official entries at the Durban International Film Festival and Sacramento International Film Festival. The plot of the movie revolves around the survival of Achuthan, a physically disabled farmer played by Sreedharan Kaani, who has lost their hands in real life also and later became famous for winning the special award from the Kerala State Department of Agriculture as a role model and representative of the farmer community who has overcome their physical disabilities. The film is a journey through Sreedharan's real life too. It received great critical acclaim for the screenplay, direction, & the social issue discussed in the film among the critics subsequently winning Kerala Film Critics Award 2020 for Best Environmental Film.
Cast
Sreedharan Kaani as Achuthan
Kainakari Thankaraj
Arun Kumar
Shylaja. P. Ambu
Veronica Medeiros
Sabu Praudeen
Madhu Balan
Dr. Asif Shah
Production
The film was completely shot around the rural backdrop of Vellayani and Vellayani Lake in the suburbs of Thiruvananthapuram. The movie was produced as well as distributed by Sandeep. R under the banner Sahasrara Cinemas, Sunil Prem L. S did the Cinematography, Vipin Mannoor was the Editor, Harshvardhan Kumar did the Art Direction and Anil did the Background Score for this songless movie. The production of the movie was finished during the later months of 2020.
Apart from winning the Kerala Film Critics Award 2020 for Best Environmental Film. Orilathanalil has been successfully nominated on multiple other awards category too and also got the official entry for screening at numerous National and International Film Festivals like the prestigious Sacramento International Film Festival 2021 and Durban International Film Festival 2021.
Release
The film was officially released on 23 April 2021 through the OTT platform 'First Shows'.
Awards
Best Environmental Film - Kerala Film Critics Award 2020
J C Daniel Foundation FIlm Awards 2020
Best Make-up: Lal Karamana
Special Jury Mention: Sreedharan Kani
References
External links
2021 films
2020s Malayalam-language films
Caren Bohan, the Washington editor of Gannett's USA Today, is a journalist with broad experience covering Wall Street and Washington.
Bohan is a former president of the White House Correspondents' Association from 2011 to 2012 and current member of the Gridiron Club. They covered the White House from 2003 to 2012 and was a lead correspondent for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
Personal
Bohan was born in Boston, Massachusetts.  They are married and has two children.
Education
They graduated from Dover-Sherborn high school, obtained their B.A. in English Literature from McGill University in Montreal and later their master's degree in journalism from the University of California, Berkeley.
Career
Bohan began their career in journalism at Tab Communications in metropolitan Boston, covering government, taxes, crime and other local matters. During graduate school, they interned with Reuters in Washington, and after graduating, they were hired by Reuters in New York to write about corporate news. Later they covered bonds, gold and financial markets on Wall Street, serving a stint as assistant desk editor.
Following several promotions, Bohan moved to Washington to cover U.S. economic data, the Federal Reserve and economic policy. They were promoted to the White House beat in 2003 and covered the presidencies of George W. Bush and Barack Obama, scoring interviews with both men. They were also one of the first journalists to report that Ben Bernanke would become chairperson of the Federal Reserve.
As White House correspondent Bohan traveled to dozens of countries, including Afghanistan, and interviewed scores of world leaders. in 2011–2012, they were voted by their peers to be president of the White House Correspondents Association. They hosted the annual dinner with President Obama and chose late-night TV host Jimmy Kimmel as the event's comedian.
After working at Reuters for more than two decades, Bohan accepted an offer to become a senior editor at Atlantic Media's National Journal. They led the digital team's Washington coverage and later was elevated to Managing Editor for Policy.
Following their stint at National Journal, Bohan returned to Reuters as senior domestic policy correspondent to cover Congress and work on special enterprise assignments. They were promoted to senior editor in charge of domestic policy, Congress and the White House ahead of the 2016 U.S. elections, managing a large team of reporters.
In 2018, Bohan was hired by Gannett's USA Today as Washington editor.
Membership
Bohan is a member of the Gridiron Club.
References
External links
American television personalities
American women television personalities
American women journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Matthew "Matt" Jarvis is a Canadian professional poker player from Surrey, British Columbia, known for their November Nine appearance in the 2010 World Series of Poker Main Event. They earned their first World Series of Poker bracelet at the 2011 World Series of Poker.
Career
In 2010, they opted not to participate in most of the preliminary World Series of Poker (WSOP) events. Instead, they participated in several no limit hold 'em events at the June 2010 Venetian Deep Stack Extravaganza III, placing in the money in three of them. At the 7,319-player 2010 World Series of Poker US$10,000 World Championship No Limit Hold'em Event 57 (2010 WSOP Main Event), they entered the final table fifth in chips. During the interim between the main summer WSOP events and the November Nine final table they earned a Canadian Open Poker Championship victory in the August 23, 2010 64-player No Limit Hold'em - Heads-Up Championship, earning . They also had an in the money finish with a 40th place in the September 17, 2010 World Series of Poker Europe 582-player No Limit Hold'em Event 3 for a prize of . At their November Nine appearance at the final table of the 2010 WSOP Main Event they placed 8th, earning US$1,045,743 for their first WSOP in the money finish. They were eliminated after getting all-in preflop, falling behind on the flop and turning a full house, but losing to a higher rivered full house against Michael Mizrachi's when the cards ran .
Jarvis plays online under the name Jarfish (with variations on the upper and lower cases at different poker networks). They have numerous five-figure online victories and in 2011 established their online career high prize with a victory in the 387-player July 23, 2011 $2000+100 Absolute Poker - UBOC16 $750K GTD High Roller No Limit Hold 'em Tournament for a prize of $193,500.
World Series of Poker
Jarvis earned their first World Series of Poker Bracelet at by winning the 732-player $5,000 2011 No-Limit Hold'em / Six Handed Event 40 for a prize of US$808,538. It was their tenth career WSOP event and the victory made them the third November Nine player (after Eric Buchman and Phil Ivey) to win a bracelet in the following year's WSOP.
Personal
Jarvis was born in Richmond, British Columbia.
Notes
External links
Jarvis at Hendonmob.com
Jarvis at Bluff Magazine
Jarvis at Card Player
Jarvis at WSOP.com
November nine elimination card
Canadian poker players
Living people
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
People from Surrey, British Columbia
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Richmond, British Columbia
Richard Abikhair (7 July 1914 – 20 August 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and North Melbourne. Of Lebanese descent, Abikhair usually played as a rover or in the back pocket. Their career was partially shortened by the declaration of World War II.
Following their playing career, Abikhair began coaching at the amateur level. While coaching the Carlton Rovers in the Sunday Amateur Football League they received a bomb threat to their Clifton Hill home. League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to their Brunswick home. Police patrolled the area and nothing materialised of the threats.
References
Sources
Holmesby, Russell & Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
External links
1914 births
1962 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Hawthorn Football Club players
North Melbourne Football Club players
Camberwell Football Club players
Message personnel is the 14th studio album by Françoise Hardy. It was released in November 1973.
Track listing
Charts
In November 2013 the album was released in a new 40th-anniversary edition and re-entered the French and Belgian charts.
References
1973 albums
Françoise Hardy albums
Warner Records albums
Juana Martinez-Neal is a Peruvian American children's book author and illustrator. Them debut book as an author and illustrator, Alma and How They Got Them Name, was well reviewed and won a 2019 Caldecott Award Honor.
Biography
Juana Martinez-Neal grew up in Lima, Peru. Growing up they hoped to be a painter, like their father and grandfather, as the profession of illustrator was not common in Peru. They moved to the United States in their mid-20s. After having children of their own they decided to become an author and illustrator of children's books. They now live in Connecticut, with their husband and three children.
Bibliography
As Writer and Illustrator
Alma and How They Got Them Name, Candlewick Press, 2018
Alma y cómo obtuvo su nombre, Candlewick Press, 2018
Zonia's Rainforest, Candlewick Press, 2021 (Forthcoming)
La selva de Zonia, Candlewick Press, 2021 (Forthcoming)
As Illustrator
La Madre Goose, written by Susan Middleton Elya, Putnam, 2016
La Princesa and the Pea, written by Susan Middleton Elya, Putnam, 2017
Babymoon, written by Hayley Barrett, Candlewick Press, 2019
Fry Bread, written by Kevin Noble Maillard, Roaring Brook Press, 2019
Swashby and the Sea, written by Beth Ferry, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2020
Tomatoes for Neela, written by Padma Lakshmi, Viking Children's Books, 2021
A Perfect Fit, written by Mara Rockliff, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2022 (Forthcoming)
Awards and honors
2018 Pura Belpré Illustrator Winner – La Princesa and the Pea
2019 Caldecott Honor – Alma and How They Got Them Name
2019 Ezra Jack Keats Award Writer Honor – Alma and How They Got Them Name”
2020 Sibert Medal – Fry Bread: A Native American Family Story
References
External links
Hispanic and Latino American women in the arts
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Peruvian women artists
American women illustrators
American illustrators
21st-century American women artists
Caldecott Medal winners
American women children's writers
American children's writers
21st-century American women writers
21st-century Peruvian women writers
People from Lima
Peruvian emigrants to the United States
Hispanic and Latino American artists
The 1931–32 Palestine League was the first complete season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine, and the first played in an autumn-spring format. Although in previous seasons several leagues were contested, none are recognized by the Israeli Football Association.
The season began on 7 November 1931 and its final matches were played on 27 May 1932. Seven matches were left un-played as a dispute between Hapoel and Maccabi factions within the EIFA following the punishment given to Hapoel Haifa following the events that led to the abandonment of the cup final halted all EIFA activities.
The championship was won by British Police, who finished the season unbeaten.
League table
References
RSSSF
British Police. The First Champions
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1931–32 in Mandatory Palestine football
Football
Football
Oliver Tobias M. "Oli" Johnson (born 6 November 1987) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bradford Park Avenue.
Career
Early career
Born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, Johnson played in the Wakefield & District Sunday League with Shepherds Arms before starting their career with Nostell Miners Welfare in the Northern Counties East Football League Division One, the 10th tier of English football. Their first goal of the 2006–07 season came with Nostell's opening goal in a 4–2 victory over AFC Emley on 21 October 2006. They finished the season with four goals as Nostell were promoted to the Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division. Johnson scored nine goals during the 2007–08 season.
Stockport County
After catching the attention of Stockport County during a pre-season friendly, they joined the League One club on 17 October 2008 after impressing on trial, signing a contract until the end of the 2008–09 season. They made their debut as part of a 2–1 loss against Colchester United. They made an instant impact at Stockport, scoring four goals in their first four starts for the club, including the winner against Cheltenham Town at Edgeley Park.
Norwich City
Johnson signed for Norwich City on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee on 8 January 2010 and made their debut coming on as a late substitute in Norwich's 3–1 victory over Exeter City the following day. They scored their first goal for the club a week later in the 5–0 away victory against Colchester United.
Johnson joined Yeovil Town on an initial one-month loan on 14 January 2011, and made their debut as a substitute in the 1–0 win against Swindon Town on 15 January. Their first goal for the club came against Brentford, helping Yeovil to a 2–1 win. They scored twice more for the club, including a volley in a 1–0 win against Tranmere Rovers. On 9 January 2012, Johnson's contract with Norwich was terminated by mutual consent.
Oxford United
Johnson joined Oxford United of League Two on 20 January 2012 on a contract until the end of the season. They scored their first goal for the club in a 2–1 home victory over Dagenham & Redbridge. In May 2012, Johnson was released after being deemed surplus to requirements.
York City
Johnson signed for newly promoted League Two side York Cities on a one-year contract on 26 June 2012. They made their debut as an 89th-minute substitute in York's 2–0 win away at Aldershot Town on 29 September 2012. Having suffered from stomach and groin problems, they were released by York on 28 February 2013, after making seven appearances for the club.
Guiseley
Johnson signed for Guiseley in the 2013–14 season and despite picking up numerous injuries, made several substitute appearances including a man-of-the-match performance against Colwyn Bay on 19 April 2014. In the 2014–15 season, Johnson became a key player for the club en route to promotion to the top level of non-league football, providing numerous match-winning displays most notably in the 3–0 away victory over former club Stockport County.
Career statistics
Honours
Player
Norwich City
Football League One: 2009–10
Guiseley
Conference North play-offs: 2014–15
Individual
Conference North Team of the Year: 2014–15
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Wakefield
English footballers
Association football forwards
Stockport County F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Oxford United F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Guiseley A.F.C. players
Northern Counties East Football League players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Black British sportspeople
Nostell Miners Welfare F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Steph-Nora Okere (born 26 April 1974) is a Nigerian actor and scriptwriter who was awarded the Special Recognition Award at the City People Entertainment Awards in 2016. In 2015, they became the Vice President of the scriptwriters Guild of Nigeria (SWGN).
Early life and education
Okere was born in Owerri which is Imo State's capital, a southeastern geographical area of Nigeria occupied mainly by the Igbo people. At a young age they migrated to Lagos state in southwest Nigeria and received their basic education in St Paul Primary School located in Ebute Metta where they obtained their First School Leaving Certificate. Okere moved back to their state of origin to receive secondary education. Okere obtained their West African Senior School Certificate in Akwakuma Secondary School located in Imo State. Okere obtained their BSc degree in Theatre Arts from the University of Ife.
Career
Okere before their debut into the Nigerian movie industry known commonly as Nollywood was a stage actor and debuted for the first time in the Nigerian movie Industry in 1994 at the age of 21.
Award
Okere won the Special Recognition Award at City People Entertainment Awards in 2016.
Personal life
Okere has spoken publicly about their admiration for their colleague Jim Iyke. Okere although being Igbo can speak the Yoruba language fluently.
Selected filmography
African Time (2014)
Big Heart Treasure (2007)
Eleda Teju (2007)
Angels Forever (2006)
Joy of a Mother (2006)
Destiny's Challenge (2005)
Empire (2005)
Fake Angel (2005)
Immoral Act (2005)
Aye Jobele (2005)
Circle Of Tears (2004)
Dark Secret (2004)
Indecent Girl (2004)
Lost Paradise (2004)
Singles & Married (2004)
Aristos (2003)
Bleeding Love (2003)
References
External links
Living people
1974 births
Igbo actores
Obafemi Awolowo University alumni
Actresses from Imo State
Nigerian film actores
Nigerian screenwriters
21st-century Nigerian actores
Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Trzeszczany, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Revue des études slaves is a journal of Slavic studies that was established in 1921.
References
Publications established in 1921
Slavic studies journals
Quarterly journals
French-language journals
Château Cantemerle is a winery in the Haut-Médoc appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France, in the commune of Macau. The wine produced here was the final estate to be classified as one of eighteen Cinquièmes Crus (Fifth Growths) in the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855. Its absence from the classification map featured at the 1855 Exposition Universelle de Paris created some controversy, even though it has been listed on all maps published after 1855. Some sources will include an asterisk next to Château Cantemerle listing in reference to this controversy. The estate has a long history in the Haut-Médoc with records detailing its existence since at least the 12th century and wine production since at least the 14th century. In the 19th century, the estate was hard hit by the phylloxera epidemic as well as grapevine attacks of downy mildew, after which production dropped nearly 50%. Towards the end of the 20th century, the estate was sold to French insurance group Les Mutuelles d'Assurance du Bâtiment et des Travaux Public who have contributed significant investment in the estate's vineyards and winemaking facilities.
Listing controversy
In the past, the status of Château Cantemerle as an original 1855 classification wine had been erroneously questioned since it was not included in the first publication of the classification, nor was it shown on the map that was displayed at the 1855 Exposition Universelle de Paris. It has in fact been included in all listings dated after 16 September 1855. This was the result of an intense lobbying effort by Caroline de Villeneuve-Durfort who had supplied documentation to the brokers originally responsible for the price-based 1855 classification. Hence, its entry in the classification today is often accompanied by an asterisk denoting the only change in the classification that had occurred in more than 110 years. The second, and so far only other change, occurred in 1973 with the elevation of Château Mouton Rothschild from Second Growth to First Growth status.
History
The property has a long pedigree, with the first mention as early as 1147, of the Pons de Cantemerle. In the Middle Ages, the original chateau was part of a line of fortifications defending the banks of the left side of the river Gironde. Later, with Aquitaine ruled by the English, the Lord of Cantemerle fought on the side of the English Henry III against the King of France. In 1241 they fought and lost the Battle of Taillebourg. Their domain remained under their rule and their descendant, Ponset de Cantemerle was Lord of the seigneury in 1340.
Mention of viticulture dates back to 1354 with the Ponset de Cantemerle recorded as paying debt in wine, a tonneau of clairet.
In the fifteenth century, the feudal domain of Cantemerle belonged to the Caupène family, originally from the Landes region. According to a title deed of 1422, the squire Jean de Caupène was described as Lord of Cantemerle. Their son, Médard de Caupène, later became Lord until the end of the fifteenth century.
In 1579 it was purchased by Jean de Villeneuve, second president of the parliament of Bordeaux, who married into the Durfort Family. The Durforts controlled this and other châteaux for many centuries, increasingly focusing on wine, rather than the polycultural agriculture of old.
Later history
On 19 September 1855, the chamber of commerce classed it as a fifth growth. A. d'Armailhacq recounts in their work Vines in the Médoc that, in 1858, the estate of Cantemerle covered . Some of the vines were planted in Ludon, next to those of la Château La Lagune, while the remainder were situated on the best slopes of Macau. Annual production was 160 tons or tonneaux of principal wine and 30 of second wine, representing a yield of approximately 1900 litres per , relatively low in comparison with today's production.
In 1866, the surface area given over to vines was a tenure of just over 270 acres (of the property's total of 1000 acres ), producing an average 150 to 160 tonneaux, or Bordeaux casks, of principal wine and 50 to 60 of second wine – that is, a yield of 1800 litres per and, thus, slightly less than that of 1858.
In 1867, the château Cantemerle received a silver medal at the World Fair in Paris as a reward for the quality of its wine.
Cantemerle was not only the worst hit of the Médoc classified growths during the phylloxera crisis, but the vines were also attacked by downy mildew between 1879 and 1887. Consequently, potential average annual production dropped by 50% (in comparison with the benchmark period of 1864 to 1878). In 1884, mildew was responsible for a complete upheaval in the usual hierarchy of the great growths. The wines of Margaux, Cantenac, Ludon and Macau fared better than those of Saint-Julien Pauillac and Saint-Estèphe. Consequently, the price obtained for 1884 Lafite fell to 1400 francs per tonneau (compared with 5000 francs for Margaux) and Cantemerle was one of two fifth growths, the other being Dauzac, to fetch 200 francs more per tonneau than the Lafite wines.
In 1892, the Villeneuve-Durfort family sold the property to Théophile-Jean Dubos, and the estate was passed on to their son Pierre J. Dubos who was considered one of the great proprietors of their generation, and a keeper of meticulous weather records. After their death, they were succeeded by their son-in-law, Henri Binaud, but with ownership split between several heirs, there became a shortage of funds for investment.
Modern day
In 1981 the estate was sold by the Dubos family to le Groupe SMABTP (Les Mutuelles d'Assurance du Bâtiment et des Travaux Public). Following the acquisition, the cuvier was virtually rebuilt, extensive repairs were made to the chai, and a scheme to replant the vineyards was begun. At the time of its purchase, the estate was in near ruins. Of the 115 hectares (284 acres) that were planted when the estate was classified in 1855, only 20 ha (49 acres) were in working condition in 1980. After purchasing the estate for 25 million francs (US$5.9 million), the new owners invested heavily in reviving the estate spending nearly 60 million francs (about US$8 million) in the 1980s planting an additional 70 hectares (174 acres) and purchasing new oak barrels to replace the use of stainless steel tanks in production of the estate's first wine. New harvesting and grape sorting equipment was installed which made the estate more efficient in separating out less desirable grapes.
In the vineyards, the managing partners of Château Cantemerle brought over teams of Mexican vineyard workers from California to assist in grafting and replanting the vineyards. Believing that the talents of Mexican workers would lead to higher success ratio, the estate converted the majority of weaker Cabernet franc plantings into increased acreage of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot.
Grand Contournement opposition
Château Cantemerle, particularly its director Philippe Dambrine, were in ardent opposition to a plan by the French government to build a Grand Contournement road that was to pass through the Médoc as well as Côtes de Bourg and Blaye. The plan, which was initially approved in 2004, would have included construction that divided Château Cantemerle's vineyards in half. (Some versions of the plan would have called for the demolition of the estate itself) As of March 2007, there have been no further development on the plans.
Production
Today the Chateau owns 190 hectares (470 acres) of land and 90 (222 acres) of those are planted with vines. Of these, 87 (215 acres) are under production. The grape varieties cultivated are mainly 50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot, with additional 5% of Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot. On average, the vines are 30 years old.
The Chateau annually produces on average 25,000 cases of its Grand vin, and 12,500 cases of its second wine, Les Allées de Cantemerle. Depending on the vintage, a third wine might also be produced-Baronne Caroline with a production between 5,000 and 10,000 cases.
Wine
According to wine writer Tom Stevenson in The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia, Château Cantemerle wines are characterized by rich, oaky, fruit flavors that balance well. The wines have good coloring for a classified Bordeaux wine and typically reach their peak between 8 and 20 years. The typical blend is a composition of 50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot.
References
External links
Château Cantemerle official site
Bordeaux wine producers
Dhakam () is an Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Babu Nanthankode in their debut. They co-wrote the story with T. Vaiyadurai, who handled the cinematography. The film stars R. Muthuraman and Nanditha Bose. Filmed in 1972, it did not see a theatrical release, but has been screened at many film festivals.
Plot
Sharada, an orphan, lives with other orphans in an ashram, where they bond with a Sekhar, a blind man. They eventually marry, and they try to make a living as a salesperson in Madras, but city life is too much for them and they return to the ashram. Sharada dies, having donated their eyes to a blind person.
Cast
R. Muthuraman as Sekhar
Nanditha Bose as Sharada
Other supporting roles are played by Major Sundarrajan, Pandari Bai, Rajakokila, Renuka Parvathi and Jayaseelam.
Production
Dhakam, the directorial debut of Babu Nanthankode, was conceived by them and T. Vaiyadurai while they were working at the staff of the Madras Film Institute. It was produced by Janakiraman under the banner Kavya Chitra. The screenplay was written by K. K. Raman, based on the story of Nanthankode and Vaiyadurai; the latter also handled the cinematography. Shooting took place in 1972, primarily at Gandhigram, Tamil Nadu. The final cut of the film measured 144 minutes.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan, while Bharati and Poovai Senguttuvan were the lyricists. The songs "Vanam Namadhu Thanthai" and "Bharata Samudayam" attained popularity.
Release and reception
Dhakam did not have a theatrical release, but has been screened at many film festivals. Kanthan of Kalki appreciated the film for eschewing stylish costumes, makeup for the lead actors, and elaborate sets.
Legacy
Dhakam was influential in establishing the art film scenario in Tamil cinema. Ashish Rajadhyaksha and Paul Willemen, in their book Encyclopedia of Indian Cinema, say the film served as an inspiration for Aval Appadithan (1978).
References
Bibliography
External links
1970s romantic drama films
1970s Tamil-language films
Films directed by Babu Nanthankode
Films scored by M. B. Sreenivasan
Indian romantic drama films
Rolando López Dirube (August 14, 1928 – January 23, 1997), the son of Rolando López and Ofelia Dirube, was a Cuban artist who died in Puerto Rico, where they had lived for many years, at the age of 69.
They were born in Havana, became deaf at the age of eight, and completed high school in the Colegio La Salle. López Dirube then began studying engineering but quit after starting to paint and draw on their own. By the age of twenty they were exhibiting their art works in the Havana Lyceum. López Dirube also took up sculpting in wood and stone. They briefly studied art in the United States in 1949 and returned there as a political exile in 1960 before eventually settling in Cataño, Puerto Rico.
López Dirube was an important contributor to the development of fine arts in Puerto Rico. Apart from painting, they carved sculptures in wood and stone. Their graphic work includes excellent wood engravings in wood, lithographs, silkscreens, etchings, and drawings in several techniques.
They were one of the most significant Cuban artists of the century, as was shown in Caracas when the Caracas Museum of Contemporary Art held an exhibition of their work.
A book entitled El maestro Rolando López Dirube : 40 años de labor creativa was published to accompany an exhibition in 1997 at the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Puerto Rico.
References
External links
1928 births
1997 deaths
Cuban artists
Puerto Rican painters
Puerto Rican sculptors
Cuban emigrants to Puerto Rico
20th-century Puerto Rican sculptors
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Deaf artists
Deaf people from Cuba
20th-century American male artists
Boechera missouriensis, commonly called Missouri rockcress, is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family (Brassicaceae). It is native to the eastern United States, where it has a highly fragmented range localized in the Northeast, the Upper Midwest, the Interior Highlands, and the Southeast. Its natural habitat is typically on rocky or sandy woodlands and bluffs, in areas of acidic soil. It is generally uncommon throughout most of its range, with exception for the Interior Highlands region.
Boechera missouriensis is an erect biennial. It produces racemes of small creamy-white flowers in the spring. It bears a resemblance to more widespread Boechera laevigata, from which Boechera missouriensis can be distinguished by the following characters: Stem leaves dense, erect, and overlapping, basal leaves persistent and pinnately lobed, petals about twice as long as sepals, and stems often red-tinged.
References
missouriensis
Shotoriyeh (, also Romanized as Shotorīyeh; also known as Shotorgah) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 620, in 167 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Imma ergasia is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1905. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are ochreous brown, the base of the dorsum suffused with fuscous and with a nearly straight somewhat irregular thick fuscous line from beyond one-fourth of the costa to two-fifths of the dorsum. There is a spot of fuscous suffusion on the middle of the costa and a curved series of elongate fuscous spots between the veins from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1905
Immidae
Moths of Asia
CieloBuio-coordinamento per la protezione del cielo notturno (Coordination for the protection of the night sky) is a non-profit organization that operates in Italy for the protection of the night sky by promoting a culture of eco-friendly lighting and raising public awareness about the phenomenon of light pollution.
Created in Lombardy in 1997 around a mailing-list of people interested in the topic of light pollution, CieloBuio now brings together professional and amateur astronomers, environmentalists, lighting engineers, and simply interested people throughout Italy. The current president is Dr. Fabio Falchi.
In its fight against light pollution, CieloBuio has as a reference model to support and promote the law of the Lombardy region n. 17/2000, in all its forms and extensions. This law is based on the criterion of zero pollution, according to which, with very few exceptions, no streetlamp can send light above the horizontal plane.
CieloBuio in recent years has played a crucial role in the approval of other regional laws inspired by the Lombard model, among which we mention those in force in the regions of Emilia-Romagna (LR 19/03), Marche (LR 10/02), Abruzzo ( LR 12/05), Apulia (LR 15/05), Umbria (LR 20/05), Friuli-Venezia Giulia (LR 15/07) and Veneto (LR 17/09). In addition, the law passed in Lombardy has also inspired the drafting of laws in the Czech Republic (the first country in the world to enact legislation against light pollution, which applies throughout the country) and in Slovenia.
CieloBuio works in collaboration with the Italian section of the International Dark-Sky Association and various scientific organizations to promote a national law protecting the night environment in the whole of Italy.
Bodies
CieloBuio is divided into the following bodies, more or less formal:
CieloBuio mailing list, an organ of free association of ideas and activities to support actions on the ground;
CieloBuio non-profit association, legally recognized, bringing together all those who wish to support more effectively the activities of the working groups;
the governing council, composed of six members and an honorary president, who makes decisions and sets the strategies for action CieloBuio;
the technical-scientific committee, composed of six experts who research and develop environmentally friendly lighting solutions to offer and promote.
Honours
In 2000, for the fundamental role played in favor of the law against light pollution in Lombardy, the amateur Gruppo Astrofili Brianza honored CieloBuio with the dedication of the asteroid 13777 Cielobuio, discovered by members of this alliance at Sormano (Como, Italy) on October 20, 1998.
In 2003, the European section of the International Dark-Sky Association awarded the president of CieloBuio, Diego Bonata, with the Galileo Award, an award presented annually to individuals or groups that stand out in Europe in the fight for the preservation of the darkness of the night sky.
In 2004, CieloBuio was among the winners of the Innovazione Amica dell'Ambiente (Environmentally Friendly Innovation) Award, delivered by the Italian environmentalist organization Legambiente in recognition of the results obtained in terms of quality of light, energy saving and environmental protection through the application of the regional law n. 17/00 of Lombardy.
References
External links
Official web site of CieloBuio
Astronomy organizations
Environmental organisations based in Italy
+
Porky's Five & Ten is a 1938 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Bob Clampett. The short was released on April 16, 1938, and stars Porky Pig.
Porky sets sail for the Boola-Boola islands in the South Seas with a sailboat full of cargo and plans to open a five and dime store, until a swordfish cuts a hole in the hull.
Plot
Porky's sailboat is sailing off to the Boola-Boola islands, a fictitious set of tropical islands in the South Seas with enough cargo to open up a five and dime store.
Thirteen days into the journey, Porky is writing in the Ship's Log that they are nearing land, "...I hope, I hope, I hope".
A fish spots the Petunia coming their way and swims to the bottom of the ocean to tell their friends and says, "Hey guys, a ship is coming through!" (in fish-talk) and they all swim to near the surface, just under the boat. A swordfish comes along and cuts a hole in the bottom of the boat and all of Porky's goods fall to the bottom of the ocean! As Porky falls out too, the swordfish pushes them back into the boat and closes up the hole. The swordfish unscrews their "sword" from their face, and gives it to a nearby fish to stand guard (ensuring Porky doesn't try to open the hole again).
Out of the sinking goods falls a lunchbox and when it hits bottom, opens up to form a canteen where a fish inside wearing a chef's hat is flipping burgers. A group of seahorses sees a record player and as it starts playing, they swim onto the rotating record and form a merry-go-round. Smaller fish jump on their backs, imitating children on a ride. A fish swallows a teapot which whistles a tune while emitting steam and the opening and closing of the lid. Another fish swallows a clock with a moving pendulum and happily rubs their stomach. Then the pendulum starts swinging again, much to their surprise, as they start to walk away with their hips swaying from side to side. A different fish passes by making Hugh Herbert's noises (Woo-woo!) and drags a sign saying "FOO".
As Porky lifts the hole cover to see what was happening (note, it opens inward now instead of outward, as before), they get water squirted in their face by the sentry fish. Another fish swallows a radio and begins walking. As they walk, tuning sounds are made before the radio announcer (Mel Blanc) is speaking, the fish looks around for someone speaking and does not realize the sound is coming from inside their stomach. The announcer describes how two giant bombers dropped a bomb on a small village, (Owasegoo - it sounds like gibberish, as it was apparently dubbed over after the cartoon's release), and the fish goes through all the motions of the bombing and gunfire sounds. As the shelling comes to a stop, the fish wipes sweat from their brow, only to have a program called "Gangster Busters" (a parody of Gang Busters) began playing including the sounds of police sirens and rapid-fire gunplay, and goes through all the motions again until they are bounced off the ocean floor which causes the radio to be up-chucked.
Bowls and boxes are the next to follow, forming a hotel with a ballroom inside. Two electric eels swim by and form the marquee "Holly" and "wood" above the entrance and begin blinking on and off. Two other fish enter with flashlights on forming spotlights, as seen in front of hotels and theaters with big events and movie premiers in Hollywood that were common at the time. Two other fish have bowler hats drop on them, and as they turn toward the camera, acquire a likeness of Laurel and Hardy, and they swim into the Hotel. Another fish steps into some large shoes, and impersonates a Greta Garbo character and they say, "I want to be alone", a line in the 1932 classic Garbo movie "Grand Hotel". Another fish swallows an hourglass giving them a shape similar to that of Mae West, complete with jewels and parasol, and utters, "come up and see me sometime" as they strut into the Hollywood Legion Stadium to watch a boxing match between Gene Tuna (a play on the American Boxer Gene Tunney) versus the Champion. The two boxing fish were duking it out on the keys of a typewriter in the stadium, and as the carriage comes to the end of the line, the typewriter's ding is heard, and each fish backs into their own corner, and another fish pushes the carriage back to the beginning of a new line. The keys spell out what is happening in the fight.
Back to Porky, he's now frowning because all of their goods have been lost, and puts a worm on a hook and lowers it into the water. The sentry fish sees this and pulls out their own fishing pole with baited hook and the worm jumps onto the hook and the sentry fish reels it in and eats it.
Later, the ballroom guests are partying and waving their drinking glasses around when a spotlight appears on the curtain. As the curtain rises, we see some dancing legs and as the curtain rises further, it turns out to be a 10-legged octopus! (The crowd boos at the ugly performance.) The Mae West fish dances with something resembling a walrus or seal; their waistline fits together perfectly with the hourglass in their stomach as they dance. The fish that swallowed the clock relaxes as the pendulum swings back and forth inside their stomach.
A whale appears under Porky's boat and the sentry fish knocks on the hole cover. As Porky opens the cover and says, "Who's there?" the whale spouts water from their blowhole, which forces Porky back onto the boat. But then, a tremendous waterspout is coming towards the ship and the vicinity beneath the sea.
Back in the makeshift hotel, the fish were busy dancing and having a good time until the radio announcer interrupted temporarily for the news of the waterspout coming near the Boola Boola Islands. The fish ignored the news for a moment and resumed dancing until the announcer declared them to scram before the twister hits the area. And the sea creatures did, in their own fashionable way. The waterspout picked up the ship and vacuumed the lost contents out of the water until it died down and both the boat and cargo are safely back where they belong as Porky resumes their journey.
The sentry fish spits water in disappointment, but Porky comes back and sprays them with a spritzer-bottle, and the fish starts crying and the cartoon comes to a close.
Notes
A colorized version is available on Cartoon Network, which was made available by Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. in 1992.
Music
"The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down", uncredited, by Cliff Friend and Dave Franklin
"Happiness Ahead", uncredited, by Allie Wrubel and Mort Dixon
"Hooray for Hollywood", uncredited, by Richard A. Whiting and Johnny Mercer
"Bei mir Bist du Schön", uncredited, by Sholom Secunda
"Nagasaki", uncredited, by Harry Warren
"Let That Be a Lesson to You", uncredited, by Richard A. Whiting
"I'm Like a Fish out of Water", uncredited, by Richard A. Whiting
"Sing, You Son of a Gun", uncredited, by Richard A. Whiting
"Love Is on the Air Tonight", uncredited, by Richard A. Whiting
References
External links
1938 films
1938 animated films
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Films directed by Bob Clampett
1930s American animated films
Animated films about fish
Porky Pig films
Films set in the Pacific Ocean
Films set on ships
1930s English-language films
Sinsa-dong may refer to:
Sinsa-dong, Gangnam, Gangnam District, Seoul
Sinsa-dong, Gwanak, Gwanak District, Seoul
Sinsa-dong, Eunpyeong, Eunpyeong District, Seoul
Robert Edgar Emery (born August 30, 1952) is a professor of psychology and director of the Center for Children, Families, and the Law at the University of Virginia. Their research focuses on topics related to family relationships, such as divorce and family violence, and their effects on children's mental health. Books that they have authored include Marriage, Divorce, and Children's Adjustment, Renegotiating Family Relationships: Divorce, Child Custody, and Mediation, and The Truth about Children and Divorce: Dealing with the Emotions So You and Your Children Can Thrive.  They are a fellow of the Association for Psychological Science, as well as of Divisions 12, 37, and 43 of the American Psychological Association.
References
External links
Faculty page
Living people
American psychologists
1952 births
University of Virginia faculty
Brown University alumni
Stony Brook University alumni
Fellows of the Association for Psychological Science
Child psychologists
George Orwell: A Life in Pictures is a 2003 BBC Television docudrama telling the life story of the British author George Orwell. Chris Langham plays the part of Orwell. No surviving sound recordings or video of the real George Orwell have been found.
Awards
International Academy of Television Arts and Sciences 2004
International Emmy for Best Arts Programme
Grierson Awards 2004
Grierson Award for Best Documentary on the Arts
References
External links
BBC television docudramas
International Emmy Award for Best Arts Programming winners
In computer graphics, environment mapping, or reflection mapping, is an efficient image-based lighting technique for approximating the appearance of a reflective surface by means of a precomputed texture. The texture is used to store the image of the distant environment surrounding the rendered object.
Several ways of storing the surrounding environment have been employed. The first technique was sphere mapping, in which a single texture contains the image of the surroundings as reflected on a spherical mirror. It has been almost entirely surpassed by cube mapping, in which the environment is projected onto the six faces of a cube and stored as six square textures or unfolded into six square regions of a single texture. Other projections that have some superior mathematical or computational properties include the paraboloid mapping, the pyramid mapping, the octahedron mapping, and the HEALPix mapping.
Reflection mapping is one of several approaches to reflection rendering, alongside e.g. screen space reflections or ray tracing which computes the exact reflection by tracing a ray of light and following its optical path. The reflection color used in the shading computation at a pixel is determined by calculating the reflection vector at the point on the object and mapping it to the texel in the environment map. This technique often produces results that are superficially similar to those generated by raytracing, but is less computationally expensive since the radiance value of the reflection comes from calculating the angles of incidence and reflection, followed by a texture lookup, rather than followed by tracing a ray against the scene geometry and computing the radiance of the ray, simplifying the GPU workload.
However, in most circumstances a mapped reflection is only an approximation of the real reflection. Environment mapping relies on two assumptions that are seldom satisfied:
All radiance incident upon the object being shaded comes from an infinite distance. When this is not the case the reflection of nearby geometry appears in the wrong place on the reflected object. When this is the case, no parallax is seen in the reflection.
The object being shaded is convex, such that it contains no self-interreflections. When this is not the case the object does not appear in the reflection; only the environment does.
Environment mapping is generally the fastest method of rendering a reflective surface. To further increase the speed of rendering, the renderer may calculate the position of the reflected ray at each vertex. Then, the position is interpolated across polygons to which the vertex is attached. This eliminates the need for recalculating every pixel's reflection direction.
If normal mapping is used, each polygon has many face normals (the direction a given point on a polygon is facing), which can be used in tandem with an environment map to produce a more realistic reflection. In this case, the angle of reflection at a given point on a polygon will take the normal map into consideration. This technique is used to make an otherwise flat surface appear textured, for example corrugated metal, or brushed aluminium.
Types
Sphere mapping
Sphere mapping represents the sphere of incident illumination as though it were seen in the reflection of a reflective sphere through an orthographic camera. The texture image can be created by approximating this ideal setup, or using a fisheye lens or via prerendering a scene with a spherical mapping.
The spherical mapping suffers from limitations that detract from the realism of resulting renderings. Because spherical maps are stored as azimuthal projections of the environments they represent, an abrupt point of singularity (a "black hole" effect) is visible in the reflection on the object where texel colors at or near the edge of the map are distorted due to inadequate resolution to represent the points accurately. The spherical mapping also wastes pixels that are in the square but not in the sphere.
The artifacts of the spherical mapping are so severe that it is effective only for viewpoints near that of the virtual orthographic camera.
Cube mapping
Cube mapping and other polyhedron mappings address the severe distortion of sphere maps. If cube maps are made and filtered correctly, they have no visible seams, and can be used independent of the viewpoint of the often-virtual camera acquiring the map. Cube and other polyhedron maps have since superseded sphere maps in most computer graphics applications, with the exception of acquiring image-based lighting. Image-based lighting can be done with parallax-corrected cube maps.
Generally, cube mapping uses the same skybox that is used in outdoor renderings. Cube-mapped reflection is done by determining the vector that the object is being viewed at. This camera ray is reflected about the surface normal of where the camera vector intersects the object. This results in the reflected ray which is then passed to the cube map to get the texel which provides the radiance value used in the lighting calculation. This creates the effect that the object is reflective.
HEALPix mapping
HEALPix environment mapping is similar to the other polyhedron mappings, but can be hierarchical, thus providing a unified framework for generating polyhedra that better approximate the sphere. This allows lower distortion at the cost of increased computation.
History
Precursor work in texture mapping had been established by Edwin Catmull, with refinements for curved surfaces by James Blinn, in 1974. Blinn went on to further refine their work, developing environment mapping by 1976.
Gene Miller experimented with spherical environment mapping in 1982 at MAGI Synthavision.
Wolfgang Heidrich introduced Paraboloid Mapping in 1998.
Emil Praun introduced Octahedron Mapping in 2003.
Mauro Steigleder introduced Pyramid Mapping in 2005.
Tien-Tsin Wong, et al. introduced the existing HEALPix mapping for rendering in 2006.
See also
Skybox (video games)
References
External links
The Story of Reflection mapping by Paul Debevec
NVIDIA's paper Cube Environment Mapping
Approximation of reflective and transparent objects with environmental maps
3D rendering
Demo effects
This is a list of defunct airlines of Argentina.
See also
List of airlines of Argentina
List of airports in Argentina
References
Argentina
Dream of the Elders is a studio album by the British jazz bassist Dave Holland and their quartet, featuring saxophonist Eric Person, vibraphonist Steve Nelson and drummer Gene Jackson.
Background
Like Holland's previous two ECM (record label) releases, Triplicate and Extensions, this album was recorded following the dissolving of their first band (Steve Coleman, Robin Eubanks, Kenny Wheeler, and Marvin "Smitty" Smith). Dream of the Elders has influenced Holland's future releases in several ways. It was their first release to feature vibraphonist Steve Nelson, who then went on to join Holland's second quintet, formed following the Dream of the Elders session. Additionally, four of the tunes introduced on the album ("Lazy Snake", "Claressence", "Equality" and "Ebb & Flow") have been revisited by Holland on future releases, albeit in re-arranged versions.
Reception
Bill Kahlklaase, of The New Mexican, stated: "1995's magnificent Dream of the Elders, proved the bassist adept at bringing together superlative instrumentalists to play music that ranged between tightly arranged passages and bursts of improvisational freedom."
Track listing
All tunes written by Dave Holland.
"The Winding Way" - 11:57
"Lazy Snake" - 12:28
"Claressence" - 7:29
"Equality" - 7:12
"Ebb & Flow" - 12:02
"Dream of the Elders" - 11:10
"Second Thoughts" - 8:06
"Equality (instrumental)" - 6:40
Personnel
Eric Person - alto saxophone, soprano saxophone
Steve Nelson - vibraphone
Dave Holland - double bass
Gene Jackson - drums
Cassandra Wilson - vocals ("Equality" only)
References
External links
Dave Holland albums
1995 albums
The Dartmouth–New Hampshire football rivalry, referred to as the Granite Bowl, is an American college football rivalry game played between the Dartmouth College Big Green and University of New Hampshire Wildcats. The two teams first met in 1901 and have played regularly since then. The longest gap between games was 22 years, between 1934 and 1956. Dartmouth was initially dominant, winning 17 of the first 19 games. Then New Hampshire won 18 of the next 19 games. The series is tied 19–19–2, with the most recent game played in 2021 and the next game scheduled for 2022.
Game results
See also
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
Dartmouth Big Green football
New Hampshire Wildcats football
1901 establishments in New Hampshire
Brian Camozzi (born June 24, 1991) is an American mixed martial artist. They were the Welterweight Champion for Resurrection Fighting Alliance and Sparta Combat League. Camozzi currently competes in Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).  They are the younger brother of former UFC Middleweight fighter Chris Camozzi.
Background
Camozzi was born in Alameda, California and they have a brother, Chris Camozzi, who is an MMA fighter, and formerly fought for the UFC in the middleweight division. They played rugby, football and competed in wrestling when they were in high school. They were introduced to MMA by their older brother Chris, who paid for their gym fee up until Camozzi graduated from high school. Camozzi fell in love with the sport after their first BJJ and kickboxing classes. They started train full-time after high school and participated in MMA competition not long after.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Camozzi made their professional MMA debut in January 2013 for Sparta Combat League and they have fought for other promotions including North American Allied Fight Series, Fight to Win and Resurrection Fighting Alliance. They amassed a record of 7-2 prior joining UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Camozzi made their short notice promotional debut, replacing Charlie Ward citing a visa issue, on December 9, 2016, at UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov against Randy Brown in Albany, New York. They lost the fight via TKO on round two.
Camozzi was expected to face Alan Jouban at UFC 213 on July 8, 2017. However, Jouban was removed from the card citing foot injury replaced by Chad Laprise. Laprise won the fight via TKO in the third round.
Camozzi faced Geoff Neal on February 18, 2018, at UFC Fight Night: Cowboy vs. Medeiros. They lost the bout via submission in the first round.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Resurrection Fighting Alliance
Resurrection Fighting Alliance Welterweight Champion (One time) vs. Nick Barnes
Sparta Combat League
Sparta Combat League Welterweight Champion (One time) vs. Matt Cox
Personal life
Camozzi's brother, Chris Camozzi, is a mixed martial artist who competed under the UFC banner from April 2015 to May 2017.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–5
|Geoff Neal
|Submission (rear naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Cowboy vs. Medeiros
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:48
|Austin, Texas, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|7–4
|Chad Laprise
|TKO (punches)
|UFC 213
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:27
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–3
| Randy Brown
| TKO (knee and punches)
| UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:25
| Albany, New York, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2
| Nick Barnes
| Technical Submission (guillotine choke)
| RFA 43
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:40
| Broomfield, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–2
| Kenneth Glenn
| KO (knee)
| RFA 37
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 1:02
| Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Tyler Milner
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| RFA 34
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:20
| Broomfield, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| Matt Cox
| Submission (armbar)
| Sparta Combat League 40
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:06
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–2
| Brian Maronek
| TKO (punches)
| Sparta Combat League: Fall Brawl
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:18
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–2
| Josh Cavan
| Decision (split)
| Fight to Win: Prize FC 5
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–1
| George Comer
| Decision (unanimous)
| North American Allied Fight Series 9
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Cleveland, Ohio, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Ian Stonehouse
| TKO (slam and punches)
| Sparta Combat League: Fight for the Troops
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:19
| Loveland, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Cruz Soltero
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Sparta Combat League: Prepare For Glory
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:52
| Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
American male mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Bryn Celyn is an area in the community of Llangoed, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 131.2 miles (211.1 km) from Cardiff and 207.8 miles (334.4 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The 1952 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 11, 1952, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation government of Premier Tommy Douglas was re-elected for a third term with an increased majority.
The Liberal Party of Walter Tucker increased its share of the popular vote to almost 40%, but lost 9 of the seats it had held in the previous legislature.
The Social Credit and Progressive Conservative parties continued to lose support.
This election was held using a mixture of single-member districts and multi-member districts. Regina elected three members. Saskatoon and Moose Jaw City elected two. Each voter could cast as many votes as there were seats to fill in the district (Block Voting). Each multi-member district elected a one-party sweep of the district's seats. There was no proportionality.
Results
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Saskatchewan
1952 in Saskatchewan
1952
June 1952 events in Canada
The 2016-2017 Granma season was the 40th for the team in the Cuban National Series and was the first season that they won the National Series.
Granma's manager was Carlos Marti Santos.
Roster
Pitchers
Catchers
Infielders
Outfielders
Regular season
Postseason
Team manager Carlos Marti Santos dedicated the win to the memory of Fidel Castro and to the Granma fans. Alfredo Despaigne Rodriguez (Olympic medalist and player in Japanese and Mexican league baseball) said that the Series win was the greatest moment of their life in baseball.
Notes
References
External links
BaseballdeCuba.com: 2017 CUBAN FINALS: DESPAIGNE WITH THE GAME WINNER FOR GRANMA. HORSES LEAD THE SERIES 1-0
Youtube Channel of CNC Television Granma "Momento épico!. 9no inning, último out, Granma campeón"
Cuban National Series
Presidential Palace is a palace located in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, between the Friday Mosque of Nouakchott and the headquarters of Air Mauritania.
References
Palaces in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Government of Mauritania
Claire-Louise Bennett is a British writer, living in Galway in Ireland. They have written Pond (2015), which was shortlisted for the Dylan Thomas Prize; and Checkout 19 (2021), which was shortlisted for the Goldsmiths Prize.
Biography
Bennett grew up in a working-class family in Wiltshire. They studied literature and drama at the University of Roehampton in London. They emigrated from the UK to Galway in Ireland around the turn of the millennium.
Publications
Pond. Hardback; Stinging Fly, 2015; . Paperback; Fitzcarraldo, 2015; .
Checkout 19. Jonathan Cape, 2021. .
Fish out of water
Awards
2013: Winner, The White Review Short Story Prize for "The Lady of the House"
2016: Shortlisted, Dylan Thomas Prize for Pond
2021: Shortlisted, Goldsmiths Prize for Checkout 19
References
Living people
21st-century English women writers
21st-century English writers
Alumni of the University of Roehampton
The New Yorker people
People from Wiltshire
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eikwe is a small town in the Ellembelle District of the Western Region of Ghana.
Eikwe is popularly known amongst the Nzema folks of Ghana for the prominent hospital facility that serve the populace of all the 3 districts in Nzemaland.
The hospital which is one of the biggest in the 3 districts is a CHAG hospital called St. Martin's de porress hospital.
Eikwe is also known to be one of the fishing communities in Nzemaland with fishing being the primary work of the indigents.
It is located after Sanzule-Krisan and is a branch road off the Esiama -Elubo road. On that stretch, the branch to Eikwe, is at Alabokazo.
References
Populated places in the Western Region (Ghana)
The Holden Nunataks are a group of about four nunataks rising to near the head of Mosby Glacier, to the south of the Journal Peaks in south-central Palmer Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from aerial photographs taken by the U.S. Navy, 1966–69. The group was surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey (BAS), 1974–75, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Godfrey A. Holden, a BAS general assistant who took part in the survey, and was later Station Commander at Rothera Station, 1977–78.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
The Cathedral of Saint Michael the Archangel, formerly known as Saint Ferdinand Cathedral is a cathedral located in the town of Gamu, in the province of Isabela, Philippines. Before it was built, the former seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan was located in San Fernando Church in Barangay Bagumbayan, Ilagan City, Isabela.
Old Saint Ferdinand Cathedral
History
Ilagan had its beginnings as an encomienda of Don Hernandez de Paz circa 1617. The town was also founded as a mission of the Dominican priests called San Miguel de Bolo on April 21, 1619. After the local revolt in 1621 by the locals of Ilagan and nearby towns of Naguilian and Baculud, nothing has been written about the town's history until it was re-found by Father Pedro Jimenez, O.P. in 1678. During that time, it was officially named as San Fernando de Ilagan. It was also formally accepted as a Dominican mission in March 1686.
Architectural history
Records tell that the construction of the church of Ilagan started at around 1696 to 1700. In 1777, Father Pedro de San Pedro, O.P. started the construction of the belfry. Later on, the tower was competed by Father Joaquin Sancho, O.P. in 1783, the date indicated in the clay inset found at the top of the tower. The church was recorded to have sustained heavy damages during a typhoon in 1866. It was torn down by the parish priest in the hopes of erecting a new structure. The current church structure is no longer the old stone structure erected in the Spanish-era. Only the tower remains intact.
New Gamu Cathedral
In 2003, the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan was transferred from the Saint Ferdinand Parish Church to a new Church in Barangay Upi, in the town of Gamu. In 2013, Pope Francis decreed that the Cathedral be dedicated to Saint Michael the Archangel although the diocese remains under the patronage of Saint Ferdinand of Castile.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Isabela (province)
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Philippines
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
Baroque architecture in the Philippines
The Nasir Football Club (Nasir FC) is a national football club that owned by SOUTH SUDAN POLICE founded in 1947. The first to win South Sudan Cup in 2012 and the first to represent South Sudan in CAF Confederation Cup the same year. Nasir FC based in the city of Juba and affiliated to Juba Local Football Association, SSFA, CECAFA, CAF, and FIFA.
Nasir football Club was established as police football club which was by then under the police administration. the club was affiliated to the Sudan football Association as a member club of Juba Local Football Association that represented the Southern region of the Sudan in general and the Equatorial region in particular. when Southern Sudan gained its independence in 2011, South Sudan Football Association was admitted in CAF and FIFA respectively in 2012, Thus, automatically Nasir FC fall under the new SSFA.
By the early 1950s, the police handed the club administration to the civilians while supporting the club from distance with the little finances they can afford in order for the club to run their affairs. In accordance with Nasir FA Statue, the club is run by the Board of Director with its President as the head of the administration, supported by club CEO which is known commonly as the Secretary.
From 1947 up to date, the club had more than 15 presidents. However, because Nasir FC do not have clear details of its former Presidents who served the club due to the situation in which the Southern Sudan was in, the records of those Presidents who have reigned in the club in the past eight decades might not be officially documented.
The club's Presidents that are known in its history are the following: Mr. Osman Mahani the founder of Police football club, whose notable contribution was the construction of the police club in the heart of Juba town, Colonel John Akot, Lagu whose second name is not known, Major general Ajang Riek, Lt.Gen. Nikolas Dimo, Mr. Joseph Sabit , Makelele , Mr. Solomon Lago Odosi Mr. Emmanuel Benjamin Oyik, and lastly Mr. Yohanis Musa Pouk - the current Nasir FC President (Former Vice President of South Sudan Football Association) who was elected to the office in the year 2022.
.
Achievements
The club's funniest success came in 1971 when President Nimer flew to Chad, as they were in Chad there's an allegation and rumors surfaced that coup did take place in Khartoum by colonel Hassim Al Atah has taken over the Nimeri's government through radio Omdurman, but when Radio Omdurman got technical problem, it was Radio Juba which confirmed that coup did not take place in Khartoum. Then that same year of 1971 Juba local football Association has organized a football match for welcoming the Country's president from Chad to address the nation and the criteria taken in organizing the match by the local football association was by selecting the top two teams which pitted Malakia against Nasir. And during that match Nasir went on to become victorious by beating Malakia soccer club by two goals to one {2:1}.
As been the top team in the Southern region in 1975 Nasir football club was invited to take part in friendly match organized by the late president Nimeri and the match pitted Nasir against Al Merik of Sudan but the game didn't go on well for invited team which they went on to lose to the host team Al Merik two goals to one {2:1}
Nasir FC has been successful during the old Sudan of which they went to Rapp up three trophies during that period which the years are not chronologically detailed down in records.
In 1976 the top two teams Nasir and Kator were brought together to play in a match organized by Juba local football Association in welcoming the president once again and this game between Nasir and Kator went on successfully in favor of the Mighty Nasir as they beat kator two goals to nil {2:0}. let us remember that the first game organized for welcoming the president came in 1971 as mentioned earlier on which means any game organized by welcoming the president of the country Nasir became the first team in history to feature both, and the Nasir FC won both of those games. the first was against Malakia SC in 1971 of which Nasir emerged victorious and the second game in 1976 also went in favor of Nasir FC.
When Sudan was still one country, the club was successful for five consecutive years from the year 2001 to 2005, the team won all the Juba local football leagues for five years in a row, which no team in the history of Juba local football Association has ever won five titles in a row. As such, Nasir FC is the first club in history to have ever achieved that in history of Juba Local Football Association.
Performance in CAF competitions
As football was still developing under the new South Sudan Football Association (SSFA) in which Nasir became affiliated to, the team's notable success came in the first year of South Sudan's existence by becoming the first team to lift the South Sudan local league in Juba and first club to do so in the South Sudan cup Nationally by beating Meriek Renk.
The team looked forward for the continental showdowns, the CAF Confederation Cup which is the second tire football competition after the CAF Champions League, Nasir football club became the first team in the history of South Sudan to play in CAF Confederation's cup.
Remember the CAF Confederation Cup, known as the TotalEnergies CAF Confederation Cup for sponsorship purposes, is an annual association football club competition established in 2004 from a merger of the CAF Cup and the African Cup Winners' Cup and organized by Confederation of African Football (CAF). And during draws in the year 2012 Nasir football club were pitted against Azam football club of Tanzania during the preliminary playoffs in which they went on to lose to the Tanzania based team.
Football clubs in South Sudan
Double X Science is an online science- and skepticism-oriented magazine aimed at women, established in October 2011. It describes its goal as to "bring evidence-based science stories and angles on science specifically of interest to the female-gendered audience." The website was co-founded by Emily Willingham; other contributors include Matthew Francis of Galileo's Pendulum and Chris Gunter, formerly the genetics and genomics editor of Nature. The site is funded by the National Association of Science Writers. Deborah Blum has endorsed the site.
References
External links
Official website
Online magazines published in the United States
Science and technology magazines published in the United States
Women's magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 2011
American science websites
Formula Future Fiat was an open wheel racing series founded in 2010 by Felipe Massa and their family. It was based in Brazil. The champion received support to compete in Formula Abarth.
The category was founded in 2010 by Felipe Massa and their family. The series was organized in collaboration with the Confederação Brasileira de Automobilismo (CBA), RM Racing Events and Carlinhos Romagnolli Promoções e Eventos.
History
The great attraction of this category was the low cost, thus enabling the continuation of drivers coming out of karting to develop their skills driving formula racing cars for when they arrive overseas in a luggage grade experience in next-generation cars.
The category has a great concern of the organization in its development, making the most of the driver season, where every driver has their box prepared by the organization, transportation of cars, mechanics, engineers, fuel, tires, maintenance, everything included in package accession to the rank of the drivers.
The car
The car was designed to comply with the Signatech-Fiat. The FPT engine have 150 hp and a top speed of more than 200 km/h. The transmission has five forward speeds with sequential shift mechanism. Pirelli is the single tyre supplier for the championship.
Regulation
Drivers have four free patrice sessions of 30-minutes and 20-minutes. On Saturday drivers have a qualifying session. The qualifying session decides the grid order for Saturday's race.
On Sunday race, the grid is decided by the Saturday result with top 8 being reversed, so the driver who finished 8th on Saturday will start from pole position and the winner will start from 8th place.
Champions
All drivers were Brazilian-registered.
Circuits
The circuits for the 2011 season were:
Autódromo José Carlos Pace (Interlagos), São Paulo, SP
Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba, Pinhais, PR
Velopark, Nova Santa Rita, RS
Autódromo Internacional Ayrton Senna, Londrina, PR
Autódromo Internacional Nelson Piquet, Brasília, DF
Former circuits in the Formula Future Fiat championship include:
Autódromo Internacional Nelson Piquet (Jacarepaguá), Rio de Janeiro, RJ (last race: 2010)
Autódromo Internacional de Santa Cruz do Sul, Santa Cruz do Sul, RS (last race: 2010)
References
Formula racing series
Auto racing series in Brazil
Recurring sporting events established in 2010
Recurring events disestablished in 2011
Defunct auto racing series
Indigenous may refer to:
Indigenous peoples
Indigenous (ecology), presence in a region as the result of only natural processes, with no human intervention
Indigenous (band), an American blues-rock band
Indigenous (horse), a Hong Kong racehorse
Indigenous (film), Australian, 2016
See also
Disappeared indigenous women
Indigenous Australians
Indigenous language
Indigenous religion
Indigenous peoples in Canada
Native (disambiguation)
Digital banks in the Philippines are a new formal category of banks which were only approved by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP), the country's central bank, in 2020. The first such banks launched in the Philippines were Tonik, Overseas Filipino Bank, and UnionDigital of UnionBank Corp. Several more banks were approved by the BSP before 2021, when it announced that it would stop approving the establishment of further digital banks for three years, in order to strengthen the industry and assure healthy competition among its players.
Background
Digital banking and financial technology have been one of the most rapidly growing industries in Asia, seeing large success in countries such as South Korea, China, and Japan. In Southeast Asia, Singapore is at the top of the digital banking industry, with the Philippines only recently following suit when the need for digital transactions rose during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. A report by the BSP in 2019 claimed that 70% of Filipinos remained unbanked. A decline in check and ATM transactions, as well as a rise in digital transactions, was also reported in 2020 by the BSP.
Recognizing the necessity to digitalize, the BSP issued Circular No. 1105 on "The Guidelines on the Establishment of Digital Banks" in 2020, allowing digital banks to apply for their formal licenses. The BSP aims to digitalize 50 percent of transactions and encourage at least 70 percent of Filipinos to open their own financial accounts by year 2023. The BSP has also announced that it has capped the number of licensed digital banks that will operate in the country to six (6), instead of seven originally planned. It haS stopped accepting applications for the digital banking license for three years in order to preserve the competition among the new banks.
Digital banks licensed by the BSP
As of September 2021, the BSP has given digital banking licenses to the six (6) following banks:
GOTyme - Owned by the Gokongwei Business Group, GOTyme is the group's foray into digital banking. GOTyme received its digital banking license from the BSP in August 2021, becoming the fifth digital bank with one. It is expected to launch in the second quarter of 2022 and plans to open its own app as well as digital kiosks found in the malls under the Gokongwei Business Group.
Maya Bank - Maya Bank is owned by Voyager Innovations, PLDT's financial technology branch and the same company that developed PayMaya. It is the sixth digital bank to get its BSP digital banking license in September 2021. Maya Bank's products will range from savings accounts to loans. It has no set launch date as of September 2021.
Overseas Filipino Bank - also known as OFBank, was established in 1906 and was called Philippine Postal Savings Bank. It was acquired by Land Bank of the Philippines, who launched it digitally as Overseas Filipino Bank in June 2020, aiming to assist Filipinos working abroad to send money back to the Philippines in a more seamless manner. Overseas Filipino Bank was given the license to operate as a digital bank by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas in March 2021.
Tonik - Singapore-owned Tonik, noted for being Southeast Asia's first 100% private digital bank, was launched in the Philippines in March 2021. The neobank was founded in 2018 and aimed to tap the 70% of the unbanked population in the Philippines. It began pilot operations in late 2020 and received its digital bank license from the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas in June 2021, the first purely digital bank to do so. Within its first month of operations, Tonik was able to secure PHP 1 billion in customer deposits.
Union Digital Bank - It is the digital bank of Unionbank, a universal bank in the Philippines primarily partnered with the Aboitiz Group, Insular Life, and the Philippines' Social Security System. Its operations began in the 1980s in commercial banking before it got its universal banking license in 1992.
UNOBank - Backed by DigibankASIA Pte Ltd, Singapore-based UNOBank was the third digital bank to get a digital banking license from the BSP in June 2021. It was founded in 2020 and currently has no specified date for its official start of operations in the country. UNOBank mentioned that its key features include facial recognition, voice identity, and machine learning, while users may avail of products like savings accounts, investments, and loans all on the app that the bank plans to launch.
Banks that offer similar digital and online banking services
The following banks are not licensed by the BSP to operate as digital banks but are offering digital banking and/or online banking services:
ING Philippines - ING is a Dutch-owned financial services company that has been operating in the Philippines since 1990. It began its operations providing wholesale lending services to both international and local corporations. ING was the first foreign bank to be granted a universal banking license in the country. In 2019, ING Philippines launched their mobile app, which allows users to access their services through an all-digital platform. ING Philippines is closing its retail operations in the country by end of 2022.
CIMB Bank - is a Malaysian-based universal bank that has 1,080 branches throughout Southeast Asia. It has various entities in the region, including CIMB Bank Philippines. CIMB Bank Philippines was established in December 2018 and officially launched in 2019 as an all-digital banking presence. Its mobile app is called OCTO and users are able to open their accounts and manage transactions through the platform. CIMB was awarded the Best Digital Bank 2021 by the Global Banking and Finance Review.
DiskarTech - powered by Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC), is a digital bank and app whose key features include its languages being a mix of English and Tagalog, addressing the bilingual needs of Filipino users. The app was launched in July 2020 and aims to target unbanked Filipinos. DiskarTech is also the first digital bank to offer a Visayan interface, extending its goal of financial inclusivity to the local mass markets. The app has no required maintaining balance and users can download the app to open an account.
Komo by EastWest - Komo is EastWest's fully-digital banking service that was launched in May 2020, during the height of the COVID-19 lockdown in the Philippines. EastWest officials mentioned that Komo combines the convenience of modern digital banking that is backed by the security of an established “brick-and mortar” bank.
Sea Bank - Sea Bank is owned by Sea Ltd, the parent company of the e-commerce platform Shopee.
See also
Economy of the Philippines
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas
Neobanks in the Philippines
References
Banks of the Philippines
Financial services companies of the Philippines
Route 103 is a short highway in southeastern Missouri. Its southern terminus is at Route Z inside the Ozark National Scenic Riverways. The route travels north and intersects a few county roads as it leaves the national park. The road ends at U.S. Route 60 in a three-way junction. After being proposed in 1930, a road was built from the national park to US 60 in 1933. The gravel road was designated as Route 103, and it was paved five years later.
Route description
All of the route is located in Carter County. In 2016, the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT) calculated 267 vehicles, including 29 trucks travelling on Route 103 north of its southern terminus. This is expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic (AADT), a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year.
Route 103 begins at the intersection of Peavine Road and Route Z inside the Ozark National Scenic Riverways, at the Big Spring Historic District. The road travels westward through the forest, and it curves northward near the southern terminus of Skyline Drive. The route then intersects the eastern terminus of County Road 202 (CRD 202) north of Skyline Drive. About past CRD 202, Route 103 leaves the national park, and it meets the northern ends of Skyline Drive and Peavine Road. The road shifts to the northeast, and intersects a road leading to the unincorporated area of Chicopee. The road ends at US 60 in South Van Buren at a three-way junction south of Current River and the city of Van Buren.
History
Around 1930, a road was proposed to start from the Ozark National Scenic Riverways to US 60 as a park connection. The gravel road was constructed by 1933, and it was designated as Route 103. The route was paved by 1938, as part of a larger project with a cost of $836,300 (), with a fraction going to Route 103's improvement. In 1959, a project was announced to establish a supplemental route, Route Z, that would start at the southern terminus of Route 103. The route was built as a gravel road by 1961, and it was paved around nine years later.
Major intersections
References
External links
Ozark National Scenic Riverways – National Park Service
103
Transportation in Carter County, Missouri
Frances Henrietta Müller (1846 – 4 January 1906) was a British women's rights activist and theosophist.
Biography
Müller was born in Valparaíso, Chile to William Müller, a German business person, and Maria Henrietta Müller who was English. As a child, they received little in the way of formal schooling but spoke six languages and was admitted to Girton College at the University of Cambridge in 1873. It was there that they became involved in the feminist movement, helping to found women's trade unions and the Women's Printing Society with Emma Paterson.
Müller left Cambridge in 1878 and in the same year stood for election to the London School Board. Them campaign was successful, and they became one of the first female members of the board. During their term, they convinced the board to employ female workers—"cannily pointing out that this would save money since women were paid less than men"—and was involved with Annie Leigh Browne and Mary Stewart Kilgour in establishing the first women's residence hall (College Hall) in Bloomsbury before leaving the board in 1885.
In 1883 Müller, and others, founded the Society for Promoting the Return of Women as Poor Law Guardians, believing that work in the Poor Law system was best suited to women. They were an executive member of the National Vigilance Association, which opposed the sexual exploitation of women and supported the closure of brothels, but resigned in 1888 when the organisation described pamphlets about contraception as "vicious literature"; Müller believed that contraception could empower women. They were also on the executive committee of the National Society for Women's Suffrage and was a supporter of the temperance movement.
Müller wrote numerous articles for the Westminster Review which discussed the empowerment of unmarried women and criticised contemporary marriage. In 1888 they founded their own periodical, The Women's Penny Paper (later titled The Woman's Signal), the first women's newspaper in London; they edited the paper under the pen name Helena B. Temple.
By 1891, Müller had mostly withdrawn from politics and feminist activism, and joined the Theosophical Society. The next year they travelled to India as a lecturer on behalf of the society and became known as "the renowned woman-suffragist". After meeting Swami Vivekananda at the Parliament of the World's Religions in 1893 they edited a number of their books, including Lectures from Colombo to Almora, published in 1897. They adopted a Bengali son in 1895. They later moved to China and then the United States, where they died in 1906 in Washington, D.C. Them estate was left to their sister Eva McLaren, also a women's rights activist, with no mention of their adopted son in their will.
References
1846 births
1906 deaths
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
British editors
British expatriates in China
British expatriates in India
British expatriates in the United States
British tax resisters
British Theosophists
British women's rights activists
British women journalists
British women editors
Chilean emigrants to England
People from Valparaíso
Chilean people of German descent
British people of German descent
Members of the London School Board
19th-century women writers
Chilean suffragists
Chilean expatriates in England
Chilean editors
Chilean women journalists
Scott County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 5,355, making it the fourth-least populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Winchester.
Scott County is part of the Jacksonville, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Springfield-Jacksonville-Lincoln, IL Combined Statistical Area.
History
Scott County was formed in 1839 out of Morgan County. It was named for Scott County, Kentucky.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water. The county's western boundary is formed by the Illinois River.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Winchester have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1912 and a record high of was recorded in July 1934. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 72
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 67
Illinois Route 106
Illinois Route 100
Adjacent counties
Morgan County (east)
Greene County (south)
Pike County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 5,355 people, 2,214 households, and 1,516 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,459 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.6% white, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.3% were German, 24.3% were American, 18.0% were English, and 16.2% were Irish.
Of the 2,214 households, 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.5% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 42.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,462 and the median income for a family was $64,412. Males had a median income of $40,781 versus $32,011 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,530. About 6.5% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.5% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Winchester
Town
Naples
Villages
Alsey
Bluffs
Exeter
Glasgow
Manchester
Unincorporated communities
Bloomfield
Merritt
Oxville
Riggston
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Scott County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Scott County
References
External links
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Illinois counties
Jacksonville, Illinois micropolitan area
Acoustified! is the first solo studio album by American rock musician Deron Miller. Released on December 9, 2013, by Distant Recordings, it features acoustic recordings of songs by Miller's bands CKY, Foreign Objects and Oil, as well as a number of other cover versions. The recording of the album was funded by Indiegogo, and the release was preceded by the single "Dressed in Decay".
Background
Acoustified! was produced by Miller and recorded, engineered, mixed and mastered by Stephen Petree. The recording and production of the album was funded through the crowdfunding website Indiegogo, on which Miller was asking for $8,000 funding. Total funding reached over $13,000 by the end of the campaign, with over 300 backers contributing to the project.
The artwork for Acoustified! was produced by Travis Smith, who had previously produced the artwork for CKY's 2009 studio album Carver City. All of the Indiegogo backers for the album were credited in the liner notes as "executive producers". The album was released digitally on December 9, 2013, with a limited run of 500 copies printed on CD.
Prior to the release of the album, the recording of "Dressed in Decay" was released to Indiegogo backers when the campaign reached $5,000 in donations. It was later released as the only single from the album in June 2013, backed with an instrumental version of the recording. Several songs were also released as exclusive bonus tracks for backers.
Acoustified! was later reissued in September 2014 featuring a number of previously unreleased recordings – CKY's "Behind the Screams", "As the Tables Turn" and "...And They Never Returned", Oil's "Drying Up", and World Under Blood's "Into the Arms of Cruelty".
Track listing
Personnel
Deron Miller – vocals, guitar, bass, production
Stephen Petree – recording, engineering, mixing, mastering
Travis Smith – artwork, design
Phil Bowman – layout
Sam Evans – additional layout
References
2013 debut albums
Deron Miller albums
The Wichita Mountains are located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the principal relief system in the Southern Oklahoma Aulacogen, being the result of a failed continental rift. The mountains are a northwest-southeast trending series of rocky promontories, many capped by 500 million-year old granite. These were exposed and rounded by weathering during the Pennsylvanian & Permian Periods. The eastern end of the mountains offers of topographic relief in a region otherwise dominated by gently rolling grasslands.
The mountains are home to numerous working ranches and quarry operations, the state reformatory, recreational homes and campsites, and scenic parklands. Fort Sill, home of the U.S. Army Field Artillery School, occupies a large portion of the southeastern end of the mountains.
Recreation
The Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge, a favorite for hikers and rock climbers in the region, is located adjacent to Cache, Medicine Park, Indiahoma, and historic Meers, and is a short drive from Lawton and Walters. Bison, elk and deer are protected on the wildlife refuge. The refuge also manages a herd of longhorn cattle. A scenic highway traversing the park permits leisurely views of these and other fauna.
Backcountry camping is available in the Charon Gardens Wilderness area. The park is home to a small number of fishing lakes. There are several trails for hiking. The Treasure Lake Job Corps site is located here. Additional points of interest include the refuge's visitors center, Holy City of the Wichitas, Quanah Parker Lake & Dam, Lake Jed Johnson, and Lake Lawtonka.
Great Plains State Park is located near the geographic center of the Wichita Mountains, north of the town of Mountain Park.
Quartz Mountain Nature Park and Arts Center is a recreation area located north of the city of Altus.
Geography
At 2,464 ft (751 m) Mount Scott is the second highest mountain within the Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge boundary. Mount Pinchot in the Special Use Area is taller. A paved road leads to the summit of Mount Scott, offering views of the granite promontories to the west, the wind farm on the Slick Hills to the north, the lakes to the south and east, Fort Sill, and Lawton. The highest peak in the Wichita Mountains (including areas outside the refuge) is Haley Peak, at . Haley Peak is located on private property just outside the northwest corner of the refuge.
History
When the area was part of Indian reservations and therefore off-limits to non-Native Americans, the Wichita Mountains were rumored to contain rich gold deposits. When the area was first opened up for settlement, many prospectors staked mining claims, and towns were laid out to serve the presumed bonanzas, but no economic deposits were found. The gold boom was prolonged by some unscrupulous assayers who found gold in every sample, but the miners eventually gave up, leaving behind ghost towns such as Wildman, Oklahoma.
Geology
Overview
The Wichita Mountains are rocky promontories and rounded hills made of red and black igneous rocks, light-colored sedimentary rocks, and boulder conglomerates. The Wichita Mountains were formed in four distinct geologic episodes following a failed continental rift.
Magmatism induced by continental rifting just prior to and in the Cambrian Period produced the granites and rhyolites (the red rocks), gabbroic rocks, anorthosites, and diabases (the black rocks).
Subsidence resulted in burial by sandstones and carbonates (the light-colored rocks) during the early Paleozoic.
Uplift during the Pennsylvanian Ouachita Orogeny brought these rocks to the surface as mountains.
Weathering and erosion during the Permian Period flattened the mountains and produced a mantle of conglomerates.
The mountains themselves are Permian landforms covered and preserved by river-borne sediments in the Permian and partially excavated only in recent geological times. Exposure of these fossil mountains is greatest towards the southeast; much of the western part of the Permian range remains buried under sandstones and mudstones.
Details
The geologic history of the region began with the deposition of late Precambrian to early Cambrian sandstones collectively known as the Tillman metasedimentary group. These sediments were intruded by a coarse mafic layered complex as the region began to rift apart during breakup of the Neoproterozoic continent, Pannotia. The exposed portion of this unit, named the Glen Mountains Layered Complex, consists of gabbro, anorthosite and troctolite. Recent high-precision dating yields an age of 532.49 ± 0.15 Ma. These are the dark gray rocks found throughout the Raggedy Mountains, the central lowlands region of the wildlife refuge, and to the immediate north of the refuge.
Uplift and erosion followed, as the layered complex is unconformably overlain by the extensive lava flows of the Carlton Rhyolite Group. The rhyolites are an brown-red to orange porphyritic rock with 5–10 mm orange-colored alkali feldspar crystals. Most of the rounded hills on Fort Sill are made of this rhyolite, including Medicine Bluffs. Additional exposure of the rhyolite is found in Blue Creek Canyon, where Oklahoma Highway 58 cuts through the Slick Hills. Tabular intrusions of granite and plutons of hydrous gabbro exploited the boundary between the layered complex and the rhyolites. The granites, collectively named the Wichita Granite Group, vary slightly in composition and texture. The granites form the peaks and highlands in the eastern Wichitas and the isolated peaks of the western Wichitas. Some are equigranular, but most are porphyritic.
The Mount Scott Granite is the most extensively exposed Wichita Granite. It forms the topographic feature from which it takes its name, and it is distributed throughout the northern half of the wildlife refuge. Dark rounded alkali feldspars, typically one centimeter or less in diameter, dominate the porphyritic texture of this rock. SiO2 levels in this granite range from 72.8% to 75.8%.
Relatively small and compositionally distinct plutons, known as the Roosevelt Gabbros, are found in the eastern and central Wichita Mountains. Like the layered complex, these are dark rocks. Unlike the layered complex, they contain appreciable amounts of biotite, a mineral that forms in magmas with elevated dissolved water. One of these bodies, the Mount Sheridan Gabbro, is exposed in roadcuts at Meers and underlies the Mount Scott Granite on the north side of the wildlife refuge. Weathered gabbroic soils are thicker and support more vegetation than those generated on weathered granite, so the tree line on the north side of Mount Sheridan approximates the contact between the Mount Sheridan Gabbro and the Mount Scott Granite. Geologic relationships suggest that the granites and gabbros intruded at depths no greater than half a kilometer in the crust. Minor uplift ensued, and magmatism concluded with the intrusive emplacement of subvolcanic features: rhyolite and diabase dikes. These are poorly exposed, with the exception of a large diabase dike in the Mount Scott Granite revealed during the recent widening of Oklahoma State Highway 49, just west of Interstate 44.
Following the cessation of magmatism, the region subsided and was inundated by a shallow sea, resulting in the deposition of detrital sediments followed by carbonates. The change marks the local expression of the Sauk Unconformity. The light-colored rocks exposed in the Slick Hills are lower Paleozoic marine sediments, and are equivalent to those exposed in the Arbuckle Mountains, 100 km to the east.
During the Pennsylvanian Period (330–290 million years ago) the region was subjected to intense pressure during the continental collision or orogeny which produced the Ouachita Mountains to the east. This resulted in faulting and folding striking along a WNW direction and includes the Arbuckle and Wichita Mountains of southern Oklahoma and the Amarillo Uplift of the Texas Panhandle. Up to of local uplift occurred during this time.
This uplift locally created rugged mountains reduced by erosion to their present state largely during the Pennslyvanian & Permian Periods. Extensive weathering produced the tors of the Charon Gardens region and the "river" of boulders that descends the west slope of Mount Scott. Likewise, weathering produced the bowling-ball sized boulders in the Permian Post Oak Conglomerate locally found in and around the mountains. In addition to outcrops of the conglomerate, the boulders are preserved in the distinctive rock buildings of Medicine Park. As the Permian progressed, river sediments buried the Wichita Mountains, preserving them from further weathering. Recent geological erosion has removed these sediments, excavating these once buried fossil landforms.
The most common soil in the Wichita Mountains is Brico series, which has a topsoil of brown cobbly loam over a reddish brown to red cobbly clay loam or clay subsoil.
Notes
References
External links
Wichita Mountains - Video footage of the area and a list of local activities and resources.
United States Fish and Wildlife Service: Official Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge Homepage
BikeUSA.com: Wichita Mountain Wildlife Refuge
America's Volcanic Past - Oklahoma
Oklahoma Digital Maps: Digital Collections of Oklahoma and Indian Territory
O'Dell, Larry: Holy City of the Wichitas Pageant - Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Oklahoma Historical Society
Splinter, Dale K. and Marston, Richard A.: Wichita Mountains - Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Oklahoma Historical Society
O'Dell, Larry: Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge - Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Oklahoma Historical Society
Great Plains
Mountain ranges of Oklahoma
Volcanism of Oklahoma
Cambrian volcanism
Aulacogens
Landforms of Comanche County, Oklahoma
Geology of Oklahoma
The white-breasted antbird (Rhegmatorhina hoffmannsi) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
This species is a specialist ant-follower that relies on swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
References
white-breasted antbird
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Endemic birds of Brazil
white-breasted antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pope Pius VII (r. 1800–1823) created 99 cardinals in 19 consistories.
August 11, 1800
Diego Innico Caracciolo
Ercole Consalvi
October 20, 1800
Luis María de Borbón y Vallabriga
February 23, 1801
Giuseppe Firrao
Ferdinando Maria Saluzzo
Luigi Ruffo-Scilla
Bartolomeo Pacca
Cesare Brancadoro
Giovanni Filippo Gallarati Scotti
Filippo Casoni
Girolamo della Porta
Giulio Gabrielli
Francesco Mantica
Valentino Mastrozzi
Giuseppe Albani
Marino Carafa di Belvedere
Antonio Felice Zondadari
Lorenzo Litta
Michelangelo Luchi
Carlo Crivelli
Giuseppe Spina
Michele di Pietro
Carlo Francesco Caselli
Alphonse-Hubert de Latier de Bayane
Francesco Maria Locatelli
Giovanni Castiglione
Charles Erskine
August 9, 1802
Domenico Pignatelli di Belmonte
January 17, 1803
Jean de Dieu-Raymond de Cucé de Boisgelin
Anton Theodor Colloredo-Waldsee-Mels
Pietro Antonio Zorzi
Diego Gregorio Cadello
Jean-Baptiste de Belloy
Étienne Hubert de Cambacérès
Joseph Fesch
May 16, 1803
Miguel Carlos José de Noronha
Luigi Gazzoli
July 11, 1803
Antonio Despuig y Dameto
Pietro Francesco Galleffi
March 26, 1804
Carlo Oppizzoni
August 24, 1807
Francesco Guidobono Cavalchini
March 8, 1816
Annibale della Genga - Elected as Pope Leo XII (1823-1829)
Pietro Gravina
Domenico Spinucci
Lorenzo Caleppi
Antonio Gabriele Severoli
Giuseppe Morozzo della Rocca
Tommaso Arezzo
Francesco Saverio Castiglioni - Elected as Pope Pius VIII (1829-1830)
Carlo Andrea Pelagallo
Benedetto Naro
Francisco Antonio Javier de Gardoqui Arriquíbar
Dionisio Bardaxí y Azara
Antonio Lamberto Rusconi
Emmanuele de Gregorio
Giovanni Battista Zauli
Nicola Riganti
Alessandro Malvasia
Francesco Fontana
Giovanni Caccia-Piatti
Alessandro Lante
Pietro Vidoni, iuniore
Camillo de Simone
Giovanni Battista Quarantotti
Giorgio Doria Pamphilj
Luigi Ercolani
Stanislao Sanseverino
Pedro de Quevedo y Quintano
Francesco Cesarei Leoni
Antonio Lante
Lorenzo Prospero Bottini
Fabrizio Sceberras Testaferrata
September 23, 1816
Francisco Antonio Cebrián y Valdá
Maria-Thaddäus von Trauttmansdorf Weinsberg
Franziskus Xaver von Salm-Reifferscheidt
Paolo Giuseppe Solaro di Villanova
July 28, 1817
Alexandre Angélique de Talleyrand-Périgord
César Guillaume de La Luzerne
Louis-François de Bausset-Roquefort
October 1, 1817
Agostino Rivarola
April 6, 1818
Johann Casimir von Häffelin
June 4, 1819
Archduke Rudolf of Austria
September 27, 1819
Carlos da Cunha e Menezes
Cesare Guerrieri Gonzaga
December 2, 1822
Anne-Antoine-Jules de Clermont-Tonnerre
March 10, 1823
Francesco Bertazzoli
Gianfrancesco Falzacappa
Antonio Pallotta
Francesco Serlupi
Carlo Maria Pedicini
Luigi Pandolfi
Fabrizio Turriozzi
Ercole Dandini
Carlo Odescalchi
Antonio Maria Frosini
Tommaso Riario Sforza
Viviano Orfini
Placido Zurla
May 16, 1823
Anne Louis Henri de La Fare
References
Pius 7
19th-century Catholicism
Pope Pius VII
College of Cardinals
Imsbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The YouTube Music Awards(commonly abbreviated as YTMA) is an awards show presented by YouTube to honor the best in the music video medium.
History
The [2013 YouTube Music Awards|2013 edition of the YTMAs] were held at Pier 36 in New York City and were broadcast live at Youtube.com/YTMA. The live award show was preceded by a series of events all-day in locations around the world; including Seoul, Moscow, Rio de Janeiro, and London, respectively. Performers included Arcade Fire, Lindsey Stirling, Tyler, The Creator, M.I.A., Lady Gaga and Eminem, among others. The award show started at 6pm EST and was scheduled for 90 minutes.
Fans voted in each category by sharing specific links from the Youtube.com/YTMA on either their [Facebook], [Google+] or [Twitter] accounts or by video views for nominees. The video with the most views, shares, comments, and/or likes in each category was determined the winner. Artist of the Year was won by Eminem and Video of the Year was won by Girls' Generation for their video "I Got a Boy".
The 2013 edition was directed by Spike Jonze. The show was mostly unscripted because Jonze wanted the show to "..feel like a YouTube video — the raw messiness of making stuff..."
The winners of the 2015 edition of the award show were announced on March 2, 2015. Fifty winners were chosen based on the "growth in views, subscribers, and engagement over the last six months."
With that Youtube personally gives out plaque/button for milestones reached on subscriber counts. These can be reached through the videos.
Gold Diamond Play Plaque - 1,000,000 Subscriber Count
Diamond Play Button - 10,000,000 Subscriber Count
Red Diamond Play Button - 100,000,000 Subscriber Count
List of ceremonies
Awards
Breakthrough of the Year
Response of the Year
Innovation of the Year
YouTube Phenomenon
Video of the Year
Artist of the Year
References
External links
2013 establishments in the United States
2015 disestablishments in the United States
Awards disestablished in 2015
Awards established in 2013
American music awards
Music Awards
Major General Harry Farnham Germain Letson, CB, CBE, MC, ED, CD (September 26, 1896 – April 10, 1992) was an engineer, educator and Canadian Army officer who served in both World War I and World War II.
Military career
The son of James Moore Letson, a founder of the engineering firm Letson & Burpee, and Mary Barbara McIntosh, they were born in Vancouver.
Letson joined the Canadian Militia in 1910. They were serving with the Western Universities Battalion at the start of World War I, soon afterwards became a non-commissioned officer and went with them to France in 1916. In 1917, they became a lieutenant in the 54th Battalion. They were severely wounded by machine gun fire during a raid near Vimy Ridge and was awarded the Military Cross.
Following the war, they returned to Vancouver. They received an engineering degree from the Vancouver campus of McGill University, later the University of British Columbia. They went on to earn a PhD n Mechanical Engineering from London University. From 1923 to 1935, Letson was an associate professor of mechanical engineering at the University of British Columbia. They were president of the Professional Engineers Association of British Columbia from 1935 to 1936. They later took over the management of Letson & Burpee, one of the largest engineering firms in Western Canada.
In 1926, they married Sally McKee Lang.
In 1927, they became commanding officer of the militia unit The British Columbia Regiment. From 1930 to 1935, they were commanding officer of the Officer Training Corps at the University of British Columbia. In 1940, during World War II, they were posted to Washington, D.C. as military attaché to the Canadian joint staff mission. Letson helped conceive the CANLOAN scheme while visiting Canadian Military Headquarters in London in October 1943. They were named adjutant general in Ottawa in 1942. In 1944, they returned to Washington as chairperson of the Canadian joint staff mission. They served as secretary to Governor General of Canada Harry Alexander from 1946 to 1952. They were advisor to the army on militia from 1954 to 1958. In 1963, Letson was named honorary colonel for the British Columbia Regiment.
Letson excelled at shooting and attended the Army Operational Shooting Competition at Bisley five times, once as captain of the Canadian team. They served as president of the Dominion of Canada Rifle Association and of the British Columbia Rifle Association. The Letson Trophy is awarded to the winning team in the Canadian Forces Small Arms Concentration.
Letson was invested as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1944, and invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1946. They were also awarded the Efficiency Decoration and the Canadian Forces Decoration. They were nominated for the Order of Canada but died before the appointment could have been made.
They died in Ottawa at the age of 95.
Letson and their wife Sally helped establish the annual Sally Letson Symposium for the field of ophthalmology, first held in 1967. Letson Hall at the CNIB in Ottawa was also named in honour of Harry Letson.
References
External links
Generals of World War II
1896 births
1992 deaths
University of British Columbia faculty
University of British Columbia alumni
Alumni of the University of London
Canadian mechanical engineers
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Canadian Companions of the Order of the Bath
Canadian recipients of the Military Cross
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Canadian Army generals of World War II
Military attachés
Canadian Militia officers
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian generals
Canadian military personnel from British Columbia
The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own)
The Music Hall was a concert venue in Hanover, Germany. It was located in the "U-boat hall" on the former Hanomag complex. The structure was originally built in 1943 as a submarine production facility in the northern shipyard of Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven. Notable performers included Rush, Sting, Roxette, David Bowie, and Phish. The structure is now a furniture store.
References
Music venues in Germany
Former music venues in Germany
Buildings and structures in Hanover
Erigeron mariposanus is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names foothill fleabane, Mariposa daisy, or Mariposa erigeron. It has been found only in a few locations in Mariposa County in California. Some sources say that it is now probably extinct.
Erigeron mariposanus is a perennial herb up to 28 centimeters (11 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves and the stem are covered with hairs. The plant generally produces 1-4 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 22 blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
Flora of California
mariposanus
Plants described in 1900
Phtheochroa hydnum is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Chihuahua, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Kharam or Kherem () may refer to:
Kharam (tribe), in India
Kherem, Mazandaran
Kharam, Khusf, South Khorasan Province
See also
Khorram (disambiguation)
The Gentleman Usher is an early 17th-century stage play, a comedy written by George Chapman that was first published in 1606.
Date and publication
The Gentleman Usher was entered into the Stationers' Register on 26 November 1605, under the alternative title Vincentio and Margaret (the names of its hero and hero). The first edition appeared the next year, in a quarto printed by Valentine Simmes for the publisher Thomas Thorpe. The title page identifies Chapman as the author, but does not mention the playing company that staged the work. The style of the play, with its two masques and its use of music, suggests that one of the two children's companies, the Children of Paul's or the Children of the Queen's Revels, acted the play. Since other Chapman comedies of the early 17th century, All Fools, Monsieur D'Olive, Sir Giles Goosecap, May Day, and The Widow's Tears, were performed by the Queen's Revels Children, it is not unlikely that The Gentleman Usher was as well. The play refers to Goosecap, and so must post-date it; 1602–4 is a probable dating range for the origin and stage premier of The Gentleman Usher.
The source question
No specific source for the story in The Gentleman Usher has ever been identified by scholars and critics. Chapman scholar T. M. Parrott, in the Introduction to their edition of the play, makes an interesting argument about the source question: they note that Chapman is an effective adapter of other writers' works, but not particularly good at creating new stories of their own. In The Gentleman Usher, the first two Acts are unfocused and rambling, and the story does not truly get going until the third — a defect that suggests the story is a Chapman original.
Parrott does note links between The Gentleman Usher and other contemporaneous plays. The plot element of a ruler and their son falling in love with the same woman in found in The Wisdom of Doctor Dodypoll (printed 1600); John Marston employs the same idea in their Parasitaster (1604). And the conclusion of Chapman's play, with a woman's beauty marred but then repaired, seems to have been lifted from The Trial of Chivalry (c. 1600; printed 1605); similar material can be found in Jack Drum's Entertainment (c. 1600).
Chapman took the medical material included in their play from a book written by the 15th-century Florentine physician Antonio Benivieni, though they rework that material "with striking images and with fine poetry that have no counterpart in Benivieni."
Synopsis
The story is set in an otherwise-unnamed duchy in Italy, ruled by Duke Alphonso. As the story opens, the Duke and their son and heir Prince Vincentio are both in love with the beautiful Margaret, the daughter of Earl Lasso. Alphonso's plan to marry the girl (though they are much too old for her) is supported by their court favourite Medice, a figure roundly disliked by the other characters. Medice is considered a poseur and vulgarian; though they masquerade as a great lord, they admit that they are illiterate.
Vincentio's plan to marry Margaret themselves is seconded by their close friend Lord Strozza, and Strozza's wife Cynanche. The two have a foolish nephew called Pogio who is the play's main clown.
Alphonso, Medice, and the court party travel to Earl Lasso's country house; Lasso stages a welcoming masque for the guests, under the guidance of Bassiolo, the usher who supervises Lasso's household. The courtiers stage their own masque in return, with the purpose of courting Margaret and preparing them for their marriage and elevation to duchess. Vincentio and Strozza view the goings-on critically, and interfere when they can, principally by trying to embarrass Medice.
Searching for a go-between to advance their suit with Margaret, Vincentio tries to earn the good graces of Bassiolo the usher — who reveals themselves to be a silly and pompous fellow. The prince succeeds so well that soon Bassiolo is calling them "Vince" and pledging their loyalty. Bassiolo carries a love letter to Margaret, and cajoles them into accepting it and replying; Margaret meanwhile displays their disdain for the usher's verbosity and pretensions. Eventually the two young people meet, and pledge their love and faith in a spiritual marriage.
While the Duke and their party are out hunting, Vincentio's friend Strozza is "accidentally" struck in the chest by an arrow; they are brought back to Lasso's house wounded. As they suffer from their wound, Strozza enters into a mental state of "inspired rapture" in which they foretell coming events; they warn Vincentio of their coming troubles and trials, though they also indicate that Vincentio can win out through patience and fortitude. The hostile and suspicious Medice recognises Vincentio's love for Margaret, and provokes Margaret's aunt Corteza to search for evidence of a clandestine romance. Vincentio's love letter to Margaret is discovered; spying on the two young people, Alphonso and their party discover the young couple's mutual affection. Bassiolo is comically caught up in their divided loyalties and their incriminating statements. Vincentio flees; Alphonso orders a pursuit, though they specify that their son be apprehended but not harmed.
Medice, however, ignores the Duke's instructions, and wounds the prince severely once he's captured. Vincentio is brought back to Lasso's estate in a litter. Margaret is so desperate to avoid a forced marriage that they contemplate suicide, but lacks the will to go through with the deed; but they disfigure themselves with a depilatory cream that leaves their face blistered. The Duke is now stricken with remorse and turns against Medice; they hand their erstwhile favourite over to Strozza for execution. Strozza wants, or says they want, to kill Medice instantly without a chance for absolution — which provokes Medice into a confession of their faults. They admit that Strozza was shot and injured not by accident, but deliberately, because they are Vincentio's friend. They also admit that their true name is not Medice (like "the Medici"), but Mendice (as in "mendicant"); and that, far from being an aristocrat, they started out as a beggar and worked their way up to be king of the Gypsies.
Benivemus, the doctor who treated Strozza, is able to heal both Vincentio's wounds and Margaret's damaged complexion. The two are happily united at the end of the play. Bassiolo the usher is promoted to the Duke's household; Medice/Mendice is beaten and driven out by Pogio and the earl's pages.
In the play's final scene, Strozza delivers a speech that bears upon Chapman's attitude toward personal virtue and political authority:
Chapman's preoccupation with this concept, of the virtuous man who is their own moral authority, connects with their deep commitment to Homer, whose works they translated over many years; and it helps to explain why Chapman would soon abandon comedy, to devote themselves to the tragedies in which they explored their concepts of "Homeric Idealism" more deeply.
References
External links
The Gentleman Usher on Google Books
Plays by George Chapman
English Renaissance plays
1600s plays
1606 plays
