Rosen Peak () is a peak rising to 1220 m in the south part of Gross Hills, Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (2004) after Lawrence C. Rosen, a geologist on the United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) Ellsworth Mountains expedition of 1979–80.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Jorge Nicolás Mazzina (born 31 January 1979), known as Nicolás Mazzina, is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Mazzina made their way through the youth system at Boca Juniors, but after failing to make it into the first team they joined Kimberley in August 2000. After playing 29 games and scoring eight goals for the side, they joined Welsh side Swansea City in July 2001 after playing for them on trial. They were later told they were allowed to leave the club and in December they joined Motherwell of the Scottish Premier League on a one-week trial. They later had trials with Walsal and Livingston. They were released by Swansea in February 2002 after making four appearances for the club.
They went on trial with York City during pre-season in 2002, and despite picking up an injury was signed on by the club in August. Their short-term contract was extended for a further month in September, but was released in October after making three appearances for the side. They resumed their career in regional Spanish football after joining Parador in 2004, and here they made 45 appearances and scored five goals in all competitions in five seasons. They then spent the 2009–10 season with Las Norias, where they made seven appearances.
Career statistics
Footnotes
A. The "League" column constitutes appearances and goals (including those as a substitute) in the Football League and Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Andalusia.
B. The "Other" column constitutes appearances and goals (including those as a substitute) in the play-offs.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Boca Juniors footballers
Swansea City A.F.C. players
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
Expatriate footballers in England
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in England
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Sungai Pakning is the central town of Bukit Batu, Bengkalis, Indonesia.
Sei Pakning Airport is no longer in operation. The populants usually travel to and fro Bengkalis via local ferry service at Pelabuhan Roro Sungai Pakning.
There is only one local wet market in Sungai Pakning. However, the market only opens on certain days.
Populated places in Riau
Bulgaria–Yugoslavia relations were historical foreign relations between Bulgaria (both Kingdom of Bulgaria 1908-1946 and the People's Republic of Bulgaria 1946–1990) and now broken up Yugoslavia (Kingdom of Yugoslavia 1918-1941 and Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia 1945–1992). Despite some substantial unification proposals in the aftermath of the World War II, Bulgarians were the only South Slavic nation which did not join the Yugoslav () federation.
History
Interwar period
While there were close ethnic, historic, linguistic and religious links between population of Yugoslavia and Bulgaria two states found themselves on the opposing sides in the period after the end of World War I. After the creation of Yugoslavia the newly formed Kingdom of Yugoslavia was a status quo state which sought to consolidate success of the South Slavic unification movement while Bulgaria was revisionist state whose leaders believed that their country had a right to some parts of Yugoslava - particularly Vardar Banovina. Relations were further strained by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization's nationalist terrorist attacks against Yugoslav rule in Macedonia from Bulgaria with government assistance. When Bulgaria tried to suppress the IMRO in 1923, it responded by helping stage a coup d'état against Bulgarian Prime Minister Aleksandar Stamboliyski and continuing to operate as a state-within-a-state based in Petrich until 1934. Similarly to the situation with Kingdom of Serbia in the Second Balkan War, Yugoslavia joined forces with Kingdom of Greece, Kingdom of Romania and Turkey in establishing the Balkan Pact aimed at maintaining the geopolitical status quo and presenting a united front against Bulgarian designs on their territories.
World War II
During World War II in Yugoslavia, Bulgaria was an ally of Nazi Germany while Bulgarian Armed Forces occupied parts of Yugoslavia which Bulgarian irredentism claimed on the basis of the 1878 Treaty of San Stefano.
Cold War period
After the interwar kingdom was only partially successful in creation of Yugoslav nation, post-war communist authorities dismissed the idea in an effort to create federal state which will enable national emancipation of all ethnic groups. The new socialist federation enabled creation of 6 constituent republics one of which was the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. In that period Bulgarian state itself promoted identity of ethnic Macedonians in Bulgaria. Yugoslavia and Bulgaria developed close cooperation with an idea of creation of the Greater Yugoslavia and ultimately the Balkan Federation. The first formal step in that direction was made by the signing of the Bled Agreement on August 1, 1947. The initiative, however, was terminated by Joseph Stalin who perceived it as a threat to their authority.
Relations after 1948 Tito-Stalin split
While the Bulgarian Communist Party needed Soviet support to gain the power in the country, the League of Communists of Yugoslavia was in a position to independently establish effective control over the country already in 1945. This led new Yugoslav authorities to expect the status of an ally instead of a satellite state within the Eastern Bloc. Situation escalated in 1948 Tito–Stalin split after which Yugoslav relations with all Eastern Bloc countries, including Bulgaria, were either suspended or significantly strained. Yugoslavia then reoriented its policy towards the close cooperation with Non-Aligned countries.
At the end of the 1970s and the beginning of 1980s popular culture from Yugoslavia, and particularly from the Socialist Republic of Serbia served Bulgarian citizens as an window to the West through which entertainers and other cultural content entered the country.
See also
Bulgaria–Croatia relations
Bulgaria–Kosovo relations
Bulgaria–Montenegro relations
Bulgaria–North Macedonia relations
Bulgaria–Serbia relations
Bulgaria–Slovenia relations
First Balkan War
Dissolution of the Ottoman Empire
Dissolution of Austria-Hungary
Serbo-Bulgarian War
Bulgaria at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Group of Nine
References
Bulgaria–Yugoslavia relations
Bulgaria
Yugoslavia
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Bulgaria relations
Bulgaria–Croatia relations
Bulgaria–Kosovo relations
Bulgaria–Montenegro relations
Bulgaria–North Macedonia relations
Bulgaria–Serbia relations
Bulgaria–Slovenia relations
Brandon Colliery railway station served the village of Brandon, County Durham, England from 1861 to 1964 on the Durham to Bishop Auckland Line.
History
The station opened as Brandon Siding in July 1861 by the North Eastern Railway. It was situated on the west side of Station Road. The station's name was changed to Brandon Colliery after a full service was introduced on 1 March 1878. The station gets its name from the nearby Brandon Colliery which closed in 1968. The station itself closed to passengers on 4 May 1964 and to goods traffic on 10 August 1964.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in County Durham
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1861
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
1861 establishments in England
1964 disestablishments in England
Beeching closures in England
Bundu Khan (1880 – 1955) was an Indian sarangi player.
Early life and career
Bundu Khan was born in Delhi in a family of musicians. They received their early training in sarangi from their father Ali Jan Khan starting at 8 years of age, and later from their uncle Mamman Khan, a veteran Sarangi and Sursagar Player who belonged to the Patiala gharana (House of Patiala) of classical musicians. Bundu Khan played the sarangi from All India Radio, Delhi Station, when it first started broadcasting in 1935. They served the princely court of Indore for 27 years as a court-musician. They studied Sanskrit in order to have access to the classical music of ancient India. They introduced what is known as Meendh Soot Ki Sargam in which the musician, in the midst of recurring melody, shifts from one note to another. They had mastered more than 500 Ragas. "He had great mastery over Raga system, Taan-palta, various traditional compositions – especially Ragas such as Malkauns, Malhar, Bhairav."
"Bundu Khan's sarangi was smaller in size than the usual one, with some metal strings instead of gut strings and so it sounded much different."
Bundu Khan was also a musical theorist or a musicologist. Their book on music, Jauhar-i-Mausiqi in Urdu, known as Sangeet Vivek Darpan in Hindi, was published simultaneously in Urdu and Hindi in June 1934.
Death and legacy
They migrated to Pakistan and lived in Karachi until their death on 13 January 1955. "After migrating to Pakistan after the independence of Pakistan in 1947, Khan continued to play the sarangi from all the radio stations of Pakistan until their death in 1955. Their sons Umrao Bundu Khan and Bulund Iqbal Khan have continued their musical tradition.
Awards and recognition
Pride of Performance Award by the President of Pakistan in 1985.
References
External links
Description of Sarangi (musical instrument) on Encyclopedia Britannica
Ustad Bundu Khan recordings available on www.sarangi.info
1880 births
1955 deaths
Hindustani instrumentalists
People from Delhi
People from Karachi
Muhajir people
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Sarangi players
Pakistani musicians
Primetime Balita () was a late evening news broadcast of Radio Philippines Network (RPN), aired from July 3, 2000 to August 10, 2001. It was RPN's first and only late-night news program in Filipino language.
Anchors
Buddy Lopa (2000-2001)
Angelique Lazo (2000-2001)
Marigold Haber-Dunca (2001)
See also
RPN News and Public Affairs
List of programs previously broadcast by Radio Philippines Network
Philippine television news shows
2000s Philippine television series
2000 Philippine television series debuts
2001 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
Radio Philippines Network news shows
RPN News and Public Affairs shows
Flagship evening news shows
The 2007–08 season in the Honduran Liga Nacional was the 42nd season in the top fight in Honduran football; it ran from August 2007 to May 2008. The season was split into two tournaments (Apertura and Clausura) which defined the 51st and 52nd national champions in the history of the league. C.D. Marathón and Club Deportivo Olimpia as winners of each tournament qualified to the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League.
2007–08 teams
Deportes Savio from Santa Rosa de Copán was promoted from the 2006–07 Liga de Ascenso.
Atletico Olanchano
Deportes Savio
Hispano F.C.
C.D. Marathón
C.D. Motagua
C.D. Olimpia
C.D. Platense
Real C.D. España
C.D. Victoria
C.D.S. Vida
Apertura
The Apertura tournament was played from 11 August to 22 December 2007. C.D. Marathón captured its 6th domestic league.
Regular season
Standings
Results
As of 25 November 2007
Final round
Semifinals
Marathón vs Olimpia
Marathón 2–2 Olimpia on aggregate score; Marathón advanced on better regular season performance.
Motagua vs Victoria
Motagua won 3–1 on aggregate score.
Final
Marathón vs Motagua
Marathón won 2–0 on aggregate score.
Top goalscorers
As of 22 December 2007
10 goals
Emil Martínez (Marathón)
7 goals
Mitchel Brown (Marathón)
Abidán Solís (Victoria)
6 goals
Amado Guevara (Motagua)
Luis Rodas (Motagua)
5 goals
Edilson Pereira (Deportes Savio)
Jocimar Nascimento (Motagua)
Milton Núñez (Olimpia)
Marcelo dos Santos (Platense)
4 goals
Carlos Salinas (Atlético Olanchano)
Sergio Diduch (Hispano)
Henry Jiménez (Hispano)
Allan do Santos (Olimpia)
José Dias (Real España)
Everaldo Ferreira (Real España)
Carlos Fretes (Real España)
Héctor Flores (Victoria)
Johnny Calderón (Vida)
3 goals
Wilmer Ramos (Atlético Olanchano)
Harrison Róches (Deportes Savio)
José Güity (Hispano)
Carlos Oliva (Marathón)
Óscar Torlacoff (Motagua)
Reynaldo Tilguath (Olimpia)
2 goals
Denilson Costa (Atlético Olanchano)
Walter Hernández (Hispano)
Rigoberto Padilla (Hispano)
Milton Palacios (Marathón)
Pedro Santana (Motagua)
Danilo Turcios (Olimpia)
Wilmer Velásquez (Olimpia)
Quiarol Arzú (Platense)
Bani Lozano (Platense)
Marvin Sánchez (Platense)
Douglas Caetano (Real España)
Marlon Peña (Real España)
Melvin Valladares (Real España)
Marvin Chávez (Victoria)
Jaime Rosales (Victoria)
Jerry Bengtson (Vida)
Ney Costa (Vida)
Richard Pérez (Vida)
1 goal
Jorge Lozano (Atlético Olanchano)
Elmer Marín (Atlético Olanchano)
Merlyn Membreño (Atlético Olanchano)
Edgar Núñez (Atlético Olanchano)
Guillermo Ramírez (Atlético Olanchano)
Mario Euceda (Deportes Savio)
Johny Galdámez (Deportes Savio)
Edgar Mejía (Deportes Savio)
Óscar Zepeda (Deportes Savio)
Diktmar Hernández (Hispano)
Mario Berríos (Marathon)
Edmilson da Silva (Marathón)
Astor Henríquez (Marathón)
Luis López (Marathón)
Erick Norales (Marathon)
Luis Santamaría (Marathón)
Erick Scott (Marathon)
Víctor Bernárdez (Motagua)
Fernando Castillo (Motagua)
Walter López (Motagua)
Rubén Matamoros (Motagua)
Maynor Figueroa (Olimpia)
Jerry Palacios (Olimpia)
Hendry Thomas (Olimpia)
David Meza (Platense)
César Zelaya (Platense)
Eddy Vega (Platense)
Elkin González (Real España)
Allan Lalín (Real España)
Carlos Palacios (Real España)
Fernando Cardozo (Victoria)
Mario Gómez (Victoria)
Júnior Izaguirre (Victoria)
Ninrrol Medina (Victoria)
Mauricio Weber (Victoria)
Darian Álvarez (Vida)
Borghi Arbizú (Vida)
Miguel Farrera (Vida)
Ángel Hill (Vida)
Clifford Laing (Vida)
Modesto Rodas (Vida)
Clausura
The Clausura tournament was played from 12 January to 24 May 2008. C.D. Olimpia captured its 21st domestic league.
Regular season
Standings
Results
As of 3 May 2008
Final round
Semifinals
Olimpia vs Motagua
Olimpia won 7–2 on aggregate score.
Marathón vs Real España
Marathón 5–5 Real España on aggregate score; Marathón advanced on better regular season performance.
Final
Olimpia vs Marathón
Olimpia won 2–1 on aggregate score.
Top goalscorers
10 goals
Wilmer Velásquez (Olimpia)
9 goals
Jocimar Nascimento (Motagua)
8 goals
Edmilson da Silva (Marathón)
Douglas Caetano (Real España)
Claudio Cardozo (Vida)
6 goals
Ney Costa (Deportes Savio)
5 goals
Carlos Pavón (Real España)
Eduardo Bennett (Atlético Olanchano)
Oscar Torlacoff (Motagua)
Andy Furtado (Marathón)
4 goals
Marcelo Cabrita (Platense)
Orvin Paz (Deportes Savio)
Walter Hernández (Olimpia)
Danilo Turcios (Olimpia)
José Güity (Marathón)
Henry Jiménez (Hispano)
3 goals
Marcelo Ferreira (Marathón)
Marvin Chávez (Victoria)
Júnior Izaguirre (Victoria)
Sergio Diduch (Hispano)
Javier Portillo (Hispano)
Marcelo Segales (Hispano)
Johnny Calderón (Vida)
Edgar Nuñez (Atlético Olanchano)
Ramón Núñez (Olimpia)
Ramiro Bruschi (Olimpia)
Carlos Días (Real España)
Allan Lalín (Real España)
Carlos Will Mejía (Platense)
Bani Lozano (Platense)
2 goals
Elmer Marín (Atlético Olanchano)
Henry Córdoba (Platense)
Mario Berríos (Marathón)
Carlos Oliva (Marathón)
Astor Henríquez (Marathón)
Eberso Amaral (Marathón)
Rigoberto Padilla (Hispano)
Milton Ruíz (Hispano)
Avidán Solís (Victoria)
Luis Rodas (Motagua)
Fernando Castillo (Motagua)
Víctor Bernárdez (Motagua)
Rubén Matamoros (Motagua)
Elkin González (Real España)
Erick Vallecillo (Real España)
Mario César Rodríguez (Real España)
Allan Kardeck (Olimpia)
Carlos Alberto Salinas (Atlético Olanchano)
Richard Pérez (Atlético Olanchano)
Dicktmar Hernández (Vida)
José Luis Grant (Vida)
Lenín Suárez (Deportes Savio)
1 goal
José Regalado (Hispano)
Jairo Mosquera (Hispano)
Leonardo Morales (Hispano)
Eliu Membreño (Hispano)
Leonardo Isaula (Hispano)
Samir Arzú (Atlético Olanchano)
Wilmer Ramos (Atlético Olanchano)
José Mario Navarro (Atlético Olanchano)
José Valladares (Motagua)
Emilio Izaguirre (Motagua)
Amado Guevara (Motagua)
Misael Ruíz (Platense)
Adán Ramírez (Platense)
Erick Norales (Marathón)
Emil Martínez (Marathón)
Nilberto da Silva (Marathón)
Óscar Bonilla (Marathón)
Reinieri Mayorquín (Marathón)
Oscar Vargas (Marathón)
Edilson Pereira (Deportes Savio)
Harrison Róchez (Deportes Savio)
Onán García (Deportes Savio)
Víctor Ramírez (Deportes Savio)
Juliano de Andrade (Deportes Savio)
Carlos Morán (Victoria)
Juan Pablo Montes (Victoria)
Mauricio Weber (Victoria)
Derrick Hulse (Victoria)
Ninrrol Medina (Victoria)
Carin Adipe (Victoria)
Wilmer Crisanto (Victoria)
Héctor Flores (Real España)
Nery Medina (Real España)
Carlos Fretes (Real España)
Elder Valladares (Real España)
Everaldo Ferreira (Real España)ç
Nahún Ávila (Olimpia)
Sergio Mendoza (Olimpia)
Erick Andino (Olimpia)
Carlos Discua (Olimpia)
Boniek García (Olimpia)
Juan Manuel Cárcamo (Olimpia)
Hendry Thomas (Olimpia)
Milton Núñez (Olimpia)
Jerry Bengtson (Vida)
Modesto Rodas (Vida)
Angel Hill (Vida)
Aggregate table
Atlético Olanchano made the fewest points in the aggregated table from both Apertura and Clausura regular seasons, thereby were relegated to the Liga de Ascenso.
References
External links
Official website
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras seasons
1
Honduras
or is a valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway. The valley is located on the eastern side of the Svartisen glacier, and partly within the Saltfjellet–Svartisen National Park. The Blakkåga river flows through the valley.
References
Valleys of Nordland
Rana, Norway
Rambhai is a social networking site founded by a small group of students of 2000 batch of Indian Institute of Management of Ahmedabad, India in 2006.
This newslink sharing website was created based on two basic principles; of free expression and of user moderation. It has been a growing community since it started.
Initially a community based predominantly on India related news it has evolved over the months to include content from all around the world.
Members refer to themselves as Rambhaiyyas.
Site description
Rambhai functions on a simple concept. It brings readers out of the shackles of editors's choices and gives them the freedom to decide what they read and what is published on the site's frontpage.
When Rambhaiyyas find any news that could be of interest to Indians, they submit it to the site. The current categories for submissions are news, business, technology, sports, cricket, movies, India shining, Masti, lets' discuss, travel and miscellaneous. Submissions often leads to discussions. Every member is invited to join in as they come and go. Reader vote for links they like. A topic makes it to the homepage only after it has received a certain number of votes.
Rambhai operates a karma point system. Individual members get a score on scale of 1 to 10 based on their level of contribution to Rambhai. The score is based on posting good stories, commenting on other stories, voting for links and duration of membership. The score adds weight to the member's vote.
Rambhai.com is powered by Pligg , an open-source social networking content management system (CMS). It combines social bookmarking, blogging, web syndication and a democratic editorial system that enables users to collaboratively submit and promote articles.
Use of Rambhai is free.
History
The website was started by a 2000-batch student of IIM-A in 2006. Rambhai.com is now maintained by a group of individuals.
Rambhai Kori is an owner of a tea stall outside the campus of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad. Kori was an electrician before they opened their 'chai' joint, where they have been supplying tea for the last 25 years.
For years they have been the first point of contact outside the campus for students new to the city, and provides them with necessary information. Students also meet Kori for getting real examples for their case studies and feedback on the dynamics of the local market. After classes, they gather in their shop to discuss any topic.
Kori found many of their customers did not come just for the tea, they also preferred to stand around and talk. They would sometimes join the discussions and exchanged their views and opinions. Their chai shop gradually transformed into a venue for discussions and debate on wide-ranging topics. Along with the tea they served topics and issues to think and talk about.
It was decided to start a website to bring Kori's chai-time discussions online for the world to share. The spirit that led to starting Rambhai.com is the same behind every involved discussions at every neighbourhood chai-waalas.
Name
Rambhai.com was named after Rambhai Kori, a tea vendor outside IIM Ahmedabad,
Kori believes, the name Rambhai symbolises the neighborhood chaiwallas; in colleges, outside workplaces, anywhere one can take a break to have a cup of chai or coffee and discuss anything and everything. Rambhai.com aspires to be such a place on the Internet.
The punchline, as explained by Rambhai himself, represents what their website stands for; news and views that are Zara Hatke News (news with a little difference).
The logo shows the steaming teacup of Rambhai with the promise of news with a difference.
References
External links
Rambhai.com
Pligg
The Silly Point - Blogger Friend of Rambhai
IndiaSphere - Indian Social Aggregator similar to Rambhai
Indian social networking websites
The Doły Jasielsko-Sanockie, (Jasielsko–Sanockie Valleys, Jasło and Sanok Valleys, the Jasło-Sanok Basin or Jasielsko-Sanockie Pits) is a mountain range stretching between the Wisłoka and San Rivers in the West Carpathian Plateau and Central Beskidian Piedmont in Poland.
Geography
The mountains reach up to 250–500 meters above sea level. The range is situated in the southern part of the Subcarpathian Voivodeship. It is the lowest mountain range of the Polish Carpathians.
They can be divided into: Gorlickie Depression, Jasielskie Plateau, Jasielsko – Krośnieńska Valley and Bukowskie Plateau. They stretch along a 100 km long and 18 km wide strip of land between Low Beskids in the south and heights of plateau in the north.
From the tourist point of view the region of Doły (Pits) is limited from the west by the valley of Ropa River, from the east by the Wisłok and San rivers, from the south by the Low Beskids line and from the north by a Dynowskie Plateau enclosed by the route of the national road No 28 ( from Zator to the national border in Medyka) on the section between Gorlice - Grybów - Biecz - Jasło - Krosno - Rymanów - Sanok.
The highest summit on the side is Dział (678 m. high, above the sea level) in the Tabor and Czarny Potok rivers. In general mountains of the Doły are low with gentle slopes and long ridges with a flattened top and domed summits, and only in some places are characterized by sharp downcasts. The height of summits varies from 350 to 650 m. above the sea level.
Settlements
Important cities of this region include Biecz, Gorlice, Jasło, Krosno, Lesko, Brzozów, Jaćmierz, Rymanów, Brzozów, and Sanok.
History
Historical names for the region include Doły Sanockie (Sanockie Pits) and Podole Sanockie (Sanockie Podolia); it stretches between powiat Krosno, powiat Sanok and Brzozów in Galicia.
In 1854 the first oil field in the world started producing oil in village of Bóbrka near Krosno.
Division
Since there exist many variants of divisions of the mountain ranges and names for the Doły (Pits), several divisions are given in the following:
Obniżenie Gorlickie
Kotlina Jasielsko-Krośnieńską
Pogórze Jasielskie
Pogórze Bukowskie
Hiking trails
European walking route E8
Iwonicz-Zdrój – Rymanów-Zdrój - Puławy – Tokarnia (778 m) – Przybyszów – Kamień (717 m) – Komańcza (Główny Szlak Beskidzki)
Pasmo Bukowicy - Kanasiówka (823 m) – Wisłok Wielki – Tokarnia (778 m), 1 km – Wola Piotrowa
Ethnic groups
Poles
See also
The Petroleum Trail International Tourist Trail
Muzeum Budownictwa Ludowego w Sanoku
References
Tourism in Poland
Landforms of Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Mountain ranges of the Eastern Carpathians
Mountain ranges of Poland
Bommanahal is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the headquarters of Bommanahal mandal in Kalyandurg revenue division.
Demographics
census, the village had a population of 4,952. The total population constitutes, 2,508 males and 2,444 females —a sex ratio of 975 females per 1000 males. 582 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 283 are boys and 299 are girls —a ratio of 1057 per 1000. The average literacy rate stands at 66.61% with 2,911 literates, lower than the state average of 67.41%.
References
Villages in Anantapur district
Mandal headquarters in Anantapur district
Reinhold Wilhelm Buchholz (2 October 1837, Frankfurt an der Oder – 17 April 1876) was a German zoologist who made contributions in the fields of herpetology, carcinology and ichthyology.
They studied medicine at the University of Königsberg, and in 1872 became an associate professor of zoology at the University of Greifswald. In 1876 they were appointed a full professor and director of the zoological museum at Greifswald, but died soon afterwards.
In 1869–70 they participated as a scientist on the Second German North Polar Expedition, aboard the schooner Hansa. From 1872, with Anton Reichenow, they were stationed in western equatorial Africa, where they conducted zoological research in Kamerun, Gabon and Fernando Pó.
They were the taxonomic authority or co-authority of numerous zoological taxa. With naturalist Wilhelm Peters, they described the African toad genus Nectophryne as well as several herpetological species. They also have a number of species named after him; two examples being Raiamas buchholzi and Pantodon buchholzi. While in West Africa, they also collected botanical specimens, and in 1886, Adolf Engler named the plant genus Buchholzia (family Capparaceae) after him.
Buchholzbukta, a bight on the eastern coast of Spitzbergen is named in their honor.
Associated writings
"Anatomische Untersuchungen über den Bau der Araneiden". In: Archiv für Anatomie, Physiologie und wissenschaftliche Medizin, Jg. 1868, S. 240-255; with Leonard Landois – Anatomical studies on the construction of orb-weaver spiders.
Bemerkungen über die Arten der Gattung "Dermaleichus" Koch., 1869 – Remarks on species within the genus Dermaleichus (a genus of crustaceans).
"Beiträge zur Kenntniss der innerhalb der Ascidien lebenden parasitischen Crustaceen des Mittelmeeres". In: Zeitschrift für wissenschaftliche Zoologie, Band. 19. W. Engelmann, Leipzig 1869.
They were the author of the section on Crustacea in Die zweite deutsche Nordpolarfahrt in den Jahren 1869 und 1870; (1874).
Land und Leute in Westafrika. Vortrag, 1876 – The land and people of West Africa.
Über die von Professor Dr. Reinhold Buchholz in Westafrica gesammelten Fische, 1876 MB S. 244-252 mit 1 Tafel. 217. by Wilhelm Peters – On Buchholz' fish collection from West Africa.
Reinhold Buchholz' Reisen in West-Afrika nach seinen hinterlassenen Tagebüchern und Briefen, 1880 (published by Karl Heinersdorff) – Reinhold Buchholz' journey in West Africa according to their posthumous diaries and letters.
References
1837 births
1876 deaths
University of Greifswald faculty
People from Frankfurt (Oder)
University of Königsberg alumni
19th-century German zoologists
German carcinologists
German ichthyologists
German herpetologists
German polar explorers
Shirley Timm-Rudolph is a former politician in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. They were a city councillor from 1986 to 1992 and again from 1995 to 2002, and served on the city's Executive Policy Committee from 1997 to 1998. Timm-Rudolph ran for the House of Commons of Canada in the 1988 federal election, and for Mayor of Winnipeg in a 2004 by-election.
Early life and private career
Timm-Rudolph was raised in north-end Winnipeg, and was an interior designer before entering public life. They became a salesperson after leaving council in 1992, and established a consulting business in 2002. In 2004, they organized the charity Gold Spike Golf Tournament.
Councillor
Timm-Rudolph first ran for Winnipeg City Council in the 1983 municipal election as a New Democrat in the Springfield Heights division, and narrowly lost to Jim Ragsdill. They ran again in 1986 as an independent, and was elected in a crowded field . They ran for the Canadian House of Commons in 1988 as a Liberal, and finished second against New Democratic Party incumbent Bill Blaikie in Winnipeg—Transcona.
Re-elected to a second term in 1989, Timm-Rudolph lost to fellow councillor Rick Boychuk in 1992 after redistribution forced the two incumbents to face one another. The 1992 contest was marked by extreme bitterness, with Boychuk accusing Timm-Rudolph of being in a conflict of interest situation. They were later cleared by a provincial investigation.
Timm-Rudolph served on the provincial Municipal Board after their 1992 defeat. They ran for re-election in 1995, and defeated Boychuk in a rematch. During this campaign, they proposed the creation of an auxiliary police force that would take care of simple tasks and allow officers to focus on more important matters. When asked about their political ideology, they responded "dead centre". A subsequent survey of voting patterns in early 1997 found them to be one of council's most independent members, voting with or against Mayor Susan Thompson's governing coalition depending on the issue.
Thompson appointed Timm-Rudolph as acting deputy mayor in November 1995, and named them to the executive policy committee (i.e. the municipal cabinet) in March 1997. They were initially the chair of the planning and services committee, and was reassigned as chair of the public works committee in November 1997. They voted against a bus fare reduction in 1998, arguing that it would lead to higher property taxes.
Timm-Rudolph was expected to face a difficult re-election contest in 1998, but instead won without difficulty after Russ Wyatt, their main opponent, decided to withdraw at the last minute. After the election, they became a prominent figure in the council's unofficial opposition to new mayor Glen Murray. They served on the board of the Winnipeg Convention Centre and remained a member of the public works committee, but was no longer its chair. Timm-Rudolph also served on several national boards in this period, including those of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and the Yellowhead Highway. They were a critic of Winnipeg's restrictive anti-smoking legislation, and was one of only two councillors to vote against the 2001 operating budget.
Timm-Rudolph decided not to seek re-election in 2002, saying that they found it difficult to work with Glen Murray. They indicated that they wanted to start a consulting business and write children's books. They later said that their greatest accomplishment in office was facilitating the construction of a storm water retention basin in southeast Transcona, an area often plagued by flooding.
Mayoral campaign
Timm-Rudolph was one of the first declared candidates for a 2004 mayoral by-election, which was called after Murray resigned to run for the House of Commons. They were initially considered a viable candidate, but did not establish a strong campaign organization. They finished a distant seventh against Sam Katz.
Electoral record
Footnotes
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Candidates in the 1988 Canadian federal election
Winnipeg city councillors
Women municipal councillors in Canada
Women in Manitoba politics
20th-century Canadian women politicians
Liberal Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
The Bahamas Great Abaco Classic is a golf tournament on the Korn Ferry Tour, played at the Abaco Club on Winding Bay in the Bahamas. It is one of two Korn Ferry Tour events in the Bahamas, along with The Bahamas Great Exuma Classic. Both events were first played in January 2017 starting on a Sunday and finishing on a Wednesday, rather than the standard Thursday–Sunday schedule. Due to the ongoing recovery efforts on the island from Hurricane Dorian, the 2020 edition was temporarily moved to Baha Mar in Nassau, and retained the Abaco Classic name in its title.
Winners
Bolded golfers graduated to the PGA Tour via the Korn Ferry Tour regular-season money list.
References
External links
Coverage on the Korn Ferry Tour's official site
Korn Ferry Tour events
Golf tournaments in the Bahamas
Recurring sporting events established in 2017
2017 establishments in the Bahamas
Jean Condom (born 15 August 1960 in Saint-André-de-Seignanx) is a retired French international rugby union player. They played as a lock.
They played for Boucau, from 1980/81 to 1985/86, for Biarritz Olympique, from 1986/87 to 1995/96. Their final team was Aviron Bayonnais in 1996/97.
They had 61 caps for France, from 1982 to 1990, without ever scoring. They earned their first cap on 31 October 1982 against Romania at Bucharest in 13–9 loss. They were called for the 1987 Rugby World Cup, playing in five games, including the final where France was runners-up to New Zealand.
They played in eight editions of the Five Nations Championship, from 1983 to 1990, being a winner in 1983, 1986, 1987, 1988 and 1989.
They had their last cap at the 29-18 win over Australia, on 30 June 1990, in a tour.
References
External links
1960 births
French rugby union players
Living people
France international rugby union players
Biarritz Olympique players
Rugby union locks
Sportspeople from Landes (department)
Aviron Bayonnais players
Vinicius "Vini" Helder dos Anjos Dantas (born 14 September 1989) is a Brazilian football striker who plays for the Baltimore Blast of the Major Arena Soccer League.
Career
Dantas grew up in São Paulo in Brazil, predominantly playing futsal. They moved to the United States at age 18 to attend Azusa Pacific University on a football scholarship. In 2011, they were spotted by former Liverpool player Jason McAteer who took them to Tranmere Rovers, where they were offered a contract. However, they were not granted a work permit in England, and the contract could not be fulfilled.
In August 2011, they signed for the Norwegian club Molde FK, and on 17 September 2011 they made their Tippeligaen debut when they replaced Daniel Chima in the 65th minute against Fredrikstad FK. Dantas scored their first goal for Molde in the club's 3-1 victory over Sarpsborg 08 on 20 November 2011. Molde won the league title in their first season, qualifying for the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League in the process. Dantas made one appearance for Molde during its qualifying rounds, coming on as a 72nd-minute substitute against FK Ventspils on 24 July 2012. During the 2012 season, Dantas played only one match for Molde but played regularly for Molde's reserve team in the Second Division where they scored 15 goals in 12 matches in 2012. In total, Dantas made six first team league appearances for Molde, scoring one goal.
On 31 August 2012, Dantas joined the First Division side Bodø/Glimt of the Tippeligaen on a free transfer. Dantas stayed at the club for one season, scoring six goals in 13 matches. In March 2013, Dantas left Norway and signed a 1-year contract for Finnish team FC Lahti of the Veikkausliiga, the top flight of Finnish football.
In 2014, Dantas joined the Canadian club Ottawa Fury FC in the NASL, and made history by scoring the first-ever goal in franchise history. Dantas went on to score two goals for Ottawa in 26 matches during the 2014 season. However, it was announced on November 26, 2014 that they would not be resigned by the club. Following their release from Ottawa, Dantas began playing indoor soccer for the Baltimore Blast of the Major Arena Soccer League. Following the season, they were named a part of the All-Rookie Team after scoring 16 goals for the team and advancing to the championship series.
On March 16, 2015, Dantas signed with United Soccer League club Pittsburgh Riverhounds. Dantas debuted for the Riverhounds on 28 March 2015 in the club's opening match of the 2015 season, a 5-2 victory over the Harrisburg City Islanders. Dantas came on as a substitute for Miroslav Čabrilo at the start of the second half and provided an assist on Rob Vincent's second goal in the 90th minute. Dantas scored their first goal for the club on the third matchday of the season, the game-tying goal of a 1–1 draw with Saint Louis FC on 11 April 2015.
Career statistics
Honours
Molde
Tippeligaen: 2012
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Brazilian footballers
Molde FK players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
FC Lahti players
Ottawa Fury FC players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Veikkausliiga players
North American Soccer League players
USL Championship players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Major Arena Soccer League players
Baltimore Blast players
Footballers from São Paulo
"Qui est l'exemple?" is a 2001 song recorded by French artists Rohff & Kayliah. It was the third single from their debut album, La Vie avant la mort, and was released in late 2001 in a CD maxi, then in February 2002 in a CD single. It achieved huge success in Belgium (Wallonia), Switzerland and particularly in France where it topped the chart. To date, it is the singer's biggest hit and can be considered as their signature song.
The refrain of the song is sung by Kayliah and contains a sampling of 1981 hit single "Your love" of the band Lime, but plays lower.
As of August 2014, it was the 56th best-selling single of the 21st century in France, with 379,000 units sold.
Track listings
CD single
"Qui est l'exemple?" — 3:50
"Miroir, miroir" — 4:30
"Qui est l'exemple?" (instrumental) — 3:21
"Miroir, miroir" - Video
CD single
"Qui est l'exemple?" — 3:50
"Miroir, miroir" — 4:30
"Qui est l'exemple?" (instrumental) — 3:21
"Miroir, miroir" (video)
CD maxi
"Qui est l'exemple?" — 4:03
"Miroir, miroir" — 4:34
"Creuset 2 voyous" — 5:29
"Qui est l'exemple?" (instrumental) — 3:22
"Miroir, miroir" (video)
12" maxi
"Qui est l'exemple?" — 3:50
"Qui est l'exemple?" (instrumental) — 3:18
"Qui est l'exemple?" (a cappella) — 3:50
"TDSI" — 3:50
"TDSI" (instrumental) — 3:50
Credits
Produced by Kore & Skalp
Vocals by Kayliah
Charts and sales
Peak positions
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2001 songs
2002 singles
Rohff songs
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
was a Japanese variety show hosted by KAT-TUN, a Japanese boy band formed by Johnny & Associates. The show began airing on April 4, 2007, and ended on March 24, 2010. It aired every Wednesday from 11:55 pm to 12:26 am on NTV for 3 years. The theme song for the first season of the show was "Girlfriend" by Avril Lavigne, Shelter by Corrinne May for the second season and Come On Eileen by Dexy's Midnight Runners for the third season.
Season 1 Segments
100Q
This is the main segment of the show where the guest fills out a questionnaire with 100 questions before the show. The questions and answers are displayed on a rotating ring in front of KAT-TUN and the guest during the show. When any of the members have an interest in any of the questions, they simply "touch" the ring and it momentarily stops so the guest can elaborate on their answer. At the official website, under 100Q, all of the question and answers that the guest filled out are there.
Mini Stage
Mini Stage is where KAT-TUN performs their songs live. They usually do so when they recently released a single.
DAT-TUN5
It's a game of bingo-darts where they use a five by five square dart board. The first team with five darts in a row (in any direction) wins. If the guest wins, they receive a golden dart, but if KAT-TUN loses five times consecutively they receive a punishment game.
Half and Half
Guests must ask KAT-TUN a Yes or No question that splits the group in half in order to receive a delicious food prize. The guests have 3 chances but usually KAT-TUN is lenient and splits in half so the guest can receive their present.
Smile Athlete No.1 Decision Battle
This corner is the punishment game received when KAT-TUN loses five consecutive DAT-TUN5 games. They have to complete a series of athletic games while maintaining their smiles. Whoever stops smiling will be punished by the Tickling Guan Yin. When this happens, they are strapped to a board decorated to look like Guan Yin, and their multiple hands from behind the board mercilessly tickles them.
Dangerous Present Exchange
A corner where KAT-TUN and their guest pretend to be smuggling illegal goods, which are actually presents for each other. They come up with special code words, and the gifts are custom made (designed, produced) by KAT-TUN and their guest.
♥disk
♥disk is a part of the show where they invite various artists to come and talk about their favorite songs. They ask question such as "Do you have any songs in which the lyrics touch you?" and "Which artist influences you the most?".
Season 2
What is Love?
The show's format was completely revamped in June 2008 in favour of a six-month-long special in which each KAT-TUN member is given the task to find out the true definition of love by their own means. KAT-TUN is seen seemingly living in an underground bunker where they host guests on the show in each respective member's room. Most conversations revolve around the topics of love and relationships in lieu with the theme though new episodes have not strictly followed the format. A good majority of the new format have also seen KAT-TUN venturing out of the studio to do various activities with guests.
Season 3
Lessons of Life
KAT-TUN members get sent to various locations to learn different lessons of life. For the first time the show had a live audience in the studio which allowed them to connect with their fans and made for a livelier atmosphere. For the majority of the show they were split into two filming teams of three KAT-TUN members; Kamenashi, Tanaka, Ueda on one team and Akanishi, Taguchi, Nakamaru on the other. When the teams arrived at their destined location they would be surprised by guests (usually comedians) to join them on their trip. Each team rotated creating film for the show and a lot of times each trip would span two episodes. Film is watched in the studio with all six members and at the very end of the show an "Omiyage" or souvenir is brought back to the studio for the rest of the members to enjoy.
Episodes
Season 1
Season 2
In search of "What is Love?"
Season 3
mission... members of KAT-TUN learn various things.
External links
Official Website
Japanese Wikipedia - カートゥンKAT-TUN
References
2000s variety television series
2010s variety television series
Japanese variety television shows
David Narcomey is a member of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma and an activist who was the regional director of the North Florida chapter of the American Indian Movement or AIM.
Narcomey opposes colleges or universities that use American Indian symbols or representations as sports mascots or other sports related imagery.
David Narcomey was perhaps the principal member of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma who supported the proposed NCAA ban on the use of Seminole Tribe symbolism by Florida State University. Narcomey was, in the FSU matter, considered to be a leading tribe member in consultation with the NCAA while a proposed ban on the use of Seminole imagery by FSU was reviewed.
Later, Narcomey was supported by the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma but a much smaller band of the tribe with promises of financial reward agreed and consequently the NCAA excluded Florida State from the nationwide ban.
Narcomey's stance has been supported by a majority of American Indian tribe members at other universities that use American Indian imagery and research done by Dr. Stephanie Fryberg has found the harm exposure to Native Mascots to be measurable on Native youth. In the same area of activism David Narcomey has publicly stated that any use of American Indian imagery by non-Indians harms American Indian children and this is also supported by the American Psychological Association who in 2005 called for the immediate retirement of all American Indian mascots, symbols, images and personalities by schools, colleges, universities, athletic teams and organizations. Their position has been controversial but is supported by the majority of American Indian tribes as exemplified by the campaign begun in 1968 of the National Congress of American Indians, the oldest and largest representative body of Native American tribes to eliminate the use of Native people as mascots in sports.
Narcomey was instrumental in the YMCA abandoning the 76-year-old tradition of Y-Indian Guides, which they believe traumatizes American Indian children.
Mr. Narcomey is a retired LCDR, US Navy, Retired RN, practicing Private investigator.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Native Americans' rights activists
Seminole Nation of Oklahoma people
21st-century Native Americans
Richard Krajicek was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Karol Kučera won the tournament, beating Anders Järryd in the final, 7–6(9–7), 7–6(7–4).
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
1995 ATP Tour
David Matthew Rose (born May 9, 1991) is an American soccer player who last played for Tampa Bay Rowdies 2 of the National Premier Soccer League.
Career
College and Amateur
Rose began their college career at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. After redshirting their first-year student year, Rose made 19 appearances for the Tar Heels in 2010 and tallied one goal and one assist. After leaving the team for unspecified reasons, they decided to finish their college soccer career at Point Loma Nazarene University, in San Diego, CA.
After redshirting in 2013 due to transfer rules, Rose made 16 appearances for the Sea Lions in 2014. They finished the year with five goals and three assists.
Rose also played in the Premier Development League for Portland Timbers U23s.
Professional
On March 26, 2015, Rose signed a professional contract with USL club Portland Timbers 2. They made their professional debut three days later in a 3–1 victory over Real Monarchs SLC.
Rose was announced on April 14, 2016, as a member of the initial roster for the Tampa Bay Rowdies' NPSL reserve side Rowdies 2.
References
External links
T2 bio
Point Loma Nazarene Sea Lions bio
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
North Carolina Tar Heels men's soccer players
Portland Timbers U23s players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from North Carolina
USL League Two players
National Premier Soccer League players
USL Championship players
Tampa Bay Rowdies 2 players
José Lázaro Fuerte Advíncula, Jr. (born March 30, 1952) is a Filipino prelate of the Catholic Church and a professed member of the Dominican Order who became 33rd Archbishop of Manila on June 24, 2021. They became a cardinal in November 2020. They previously served as bishop of San Carlos from 2001 to 2011 and Archbishop of Cápiz from 2011 to 2021. On December 16, 2020, Pope Francis appointed Cardinal Advincula as a member of the Dicastery for Clergy.
Early life and studies
Advíncula was born on March 30, 1952, in Dumalag, Capiz to José Firmalino Advíncula and Carmen Falsis Fuerte. They studied at Saint Pius X Seminary High School in Roxas City, and stayed on after graduating to study philosophy. They then attended theology courses at the University of Santo Tomas in Manila.
They later studied Master of Arts in Education major in Guidance and Counseling at the De La Salle University and then canon law at the University of Santo Tomás and at the Angelicum in Rome, where they earned a licentiate in canon law. During these studies they joined the Priestly Fraternity of St. Dominic.
Priesthood
They were ordained a priest of the archdiocese of Cápiz on April 4, 1976. They worked as spiritual director of the St. Pius X Seminary while also Professor and Dean of Studies.
After finishing their studies abroad, they returned to the Philippines and worked at the seminary of Nueva Segovia in Vigan City, Ilocos Sur, and in the regional seminary of Jaro. In 1995, they became rector of the St. Pius X Seminary of Cápiz; they also held positions in the administration of the archdiocese as defender of the bond, promoter of justice, and judicial vicar. In 1999, they became parish priest of Santo Tomás de Villanueva Parish in Dao, Capiz.
Bishop of San Carlos
Pope John Paul II appointed them bishop of San Carlos on July 25, 2001, and they received their episcopal consecration on September 8, 2001.
Archbishop of Capiz
On November 9, 2011, Pope Benedict XVI named them archbishop of Cápiz. Within the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines, they have been a member of the Commission for the Doctrine of the Faith and Commission for Indigenous Peoples.
Elevation to the cardinalate
Pope Francis created them as a cardinal in a consistory on November 28, 2020, assigning them as a cardinal priest to San Vigilio in Via Paolo Di Dono. They were not able to attend the consistory because of COVID-19 pandemic risks and restrictions. On December 16, they were named a member of the Congregation for the Clergy.
In lieu of the November 2020 consistory, Advincula received their 'red hat' (biretta) and ring from Charles John Brown, the Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, on June 18, 2021, at the Immaculate Conception Cathedral in Roxas City.
Tumandok killings
On January 15, 2021, all eight bishops in the ecclesiastical provinces of Capiz and Jaro (Cardinal Advincula of Capiz, Archbishop Jose Romeo Lazo of Jaro, Bishops Jose Corazon Tala-oc of Kalibo, Narciso Abellana of Romblon, Marvyn Maceda of San Jose de Antique, Patricio Buzon of Bacolod, Gerardo Alminaza of San Carlos, and Louie Galbines of Kabankalan) issued a joint pastoral letter calling for an investigation to the December 30, 2021 joint military and police operation in the towns of Tapaz in Capiz and Calinog in Iloilo that killed nine leaders of the Tumandok indigenous people's group that opposes the Jalaur mega dam project. The families of the victims claimed that they are victims of red-tagging and that firearms and explosives were planted. The pastoral letter was read on January 24.
However, the task force to end local communist armed conflict in Western Visayas region believe that the bishops have been misinformed and were prone to commit errors. The bishops were cautioned by the task force from making 'hasty, false and presumptuous conclusions' and criticized them for not issuing statements when government forces and civilians are killed in rebel attacks. The military and the police maintained that those who were killed and arrested were leaders of the Communist Party of the Philippines and New People's Army.
Archbishop of Manila
On March 25, 2021, Pope Francis appointed them Archbishop of Manila, to succeed Luis Antonio Tagle, who vacated the post on February 9, 2020 after being appointed as prefect of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.  They are the first archbishop of Manila to be already a cardinal when appointed to the see. Past archbishops (Rufino Santos, Jaime Sin, Gaudencio Rosales, and Luis Antonio Tagle) were made cardinals after their installation.
They were installed on June 24, 2021, by Archbishop Charles John Brown, Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines together with Cardinal Gaudencio Rosales and Cardinal Orlando Quevedo.  They are the 33rd Archbishop of Manila, and the sixth native Filipino to hold the post, following centuries of Spanish, American, and Irish prelates.
The event coincided with the death of former President Benigno Aquino III which led them to offer prayers towards the end of the mass. On the next day, they went to Aquino's wake and blessed theirs remains.
They received the pallium as metropolitan archbishop of the ecclesiastical province of Manila from Pope Francis, through Archbishop Charles John Brown, the Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, on December 8, 2021.
Advincula made their solemn profession as a professed member of the Order of Preachers on December 11, 2021. Making their solemn profession to the prior provincial of the order in the Philippines, Filemon dela Cruz, Advincula received the white religious habit of the order.
On April 30, 2022, Advincula was named Cardinal-Priest of Parrocchia San Vigilio in Rome, Italy.
On 13 July 2022, Pope Francis named them a member of the Dicastery for Bishops.
Coat of Arms
On May 23, 2021, the Archdiocese of Manila - Office of Communications and the Manila Cathedral Facebook pages showed Advíncula's coat of arms as archbishop of Manila for the first time. It has the coat of arms of the Archdiocese of Manila combined with Advíncula's personal coat of arms, under an ecclesiastical hat with tassels knotted in a different way than their coat of arms as archbishop of Capiz.
The coat of arms was released by the Chancery of the Archdiocese of Manila on June 6, 2021.
See also
Cardinals created by Pope Francis
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
People from Capiz
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in the Philippines
Roman Catholic archbishops of Manila
Dominican cardinals
Dominican bishops
Filipino cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Francis
De La Salle University alumni
University of Santo Tomas alumni
Visayan people
Roman Catholic archbishops of Capiz
Filipino Dominicans
Chamoy may refer to:
Chamoy (sauce), a Mexican condiment
Chamoy, Aube, France
Chamoy Thipyaso (born 1940), Thai prisoner
See also
Chamois (disambiguation)
Circe is a 2018 novel by American writer Madeline Miller. Set during the Greek Heroic Age, it is an adaptation of various Greek myths, most notably the Odyssey, as told from the perspective of the witch Circe. The novel explores Circe's origin story and narrates Circe's encounters with mythological figures such as Hermes, the Minotaur, Jason, and Medea, and ultimately their romance with Odysseus and their son, Telemachus.
Plot
Circe is the divine daughter of the titan Helios and naiad Perse. Deemed unattractive and powerless from birth, Circe's early life is lonely until they fall in love with the mortal fisherman Glaucos. Devastated by their mortality, Circe discovers a way to make them a god: they transform them into their 'true form' using the sap of magical flowers, grown in soil that was once soaked with the blood of the titan Kronos. Arrogant in their divinity, however, Glaucos rejects Circe in favor of the nymph Scylla. Circe's jealousy causes them to use the flowers' magic again, accidentally transforming Scylla into a bloodthirsty six-headed monster. Remorseful, Circe confesses their deeds to Helios, who realizes all of their children with Perse are witches capable of extracting power from herbs and draughts.
As punishment for admitting their witchcraft, Circe is banished by Zeus to eternal exile on the island of Aiaia. They use the beginning of their exile to study and hone their witchcraft, tending gardens and experimenting with draughts. Over the centuries they spend on Aiaia, Circe interacts with many mythic figures. They receive visits from the Olympian god Hermes, whom they take as a lover.  They are once escorted off the island by the mortal Daedalus, at the request of Circe's sister and the Queen of Crete, Pasiphaë. During the brief visit to Crete, Circe helps their sister birth the Minotaur and uses their witchcraft to help tame the monster. Many years later, the hero Jason and their wife the witch Medea (Circe's niece) arrive on Aiaia after having stolen the Golden Fleece from Circe's brother Aeëtes, murdering Medea's brother Absyrtus in the process. Circe cleanses them of the crime and warns Medea of Jason's waning interest, but is rebuffed.
Circe enters a period of loneliness after their confrontation with Medea, and is excited to host a group of forlorn sailors who arrive one night on Aiaia in search of food and rest. However, once the sailors realize that Circe lives alone on the island with no men to protect her, the ship captain rapes them Circe then uses their witchcraft to transform the men into pigs.
Circe bestows the same fate upon hundreds more sailors who come to their island over the coming years. One particular ship arrives led by the hero Odysseus, who charms Circe into sparing their crew and hosting them on their island over the winter. Odysseus and their crew ultimately stay on Aiaia for one year, during which a romance grows between Circe and Odysseus. After Odysseus leaves to continue their journey back to Ithaca, Circe gives birth to a son, Telegonus.
Raising the infant Telegonus, Circe quickly realizes that something is amiss and learns that the goddess Athena threatens their son. Circe casts a spell to protect the island while Telegonus grows. When the teenage Telegonus begs to leave the island to meet their father, Circe acquires the tail of the stingray god Trygon and begrudgingly sends their son off, armed with the tail atop a spear. When Telegonus meets their father, however, Odysseus attacks them and is accidentally killed by the poisoned spear. Guilty, Telegonus returns home with Odysseus' wife Penelope and son Telemachus.
Having lost their hero Odysseus, Athena visits Aiaia to offer their patronage to Telemachus, who refuses them Telegonus accepts in their stead, and embarks on their own heroic journey. Forlorn by the loss of their son, Circe bargains with Helios to negotiate an end to their exile. With Telemachus' help, Circe uses the poison spear to turn Scylla to stone and collects more of the flowers they once used on Glaucos. Finding love with Telemachus, Circe uses the flowers' magic on themselves with the intention of becoming mortal and living out their days traveling with Telemachus.
Critical reception
In a review for the New York Times, Claire Messud describes Miller's Circe as "pleasurable," approving of its feminist themes and its "highly psychologized, redemptive and ultimately exculpatory account" of Circe's familiar tale. A Washington Post review by Ron Charles contextualizes Miller's novel within the Me Too movement and praises their reimagining of Circe's story as "harrowing and unexpected", casting a "feminist light" on timeless tales that "illuminates details we hadn't noticed before." The Guardians Aida Edemariam also praises Miller for finding novelty and "narrative propulsion" by anchoring their retelling around the "emotional life of a woman."
In 2018, Circe was named the Best Fantasy novel in the Goodreads Choice Awards, received the Red Tentacle Kitschie Award for best novel, and was an Athenaeum Literary Award winner. In 2019, the novel was shortlisted for the Women's Prize for Fiction and the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award.
Adaptations
In 2019, HBO Max announced an upcoming 8-part miniseries dramatic adaptation of the novel, to be written and produced by Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver.
See also
Circe
Circe in popular culture
The Song of Achilles
References
2018 American novels
Novels set in ancient Greece
Novels based on the Iliad
Novels based on the Odyssey
American romance novels
American fantasy novels
Romantic fantasy novels
Greek and Roman deities in fiction
Little, Brown and Company books
Feminist novels
Circe
Grape ice cream is ice cream with a grape flavor. Some recipes use grape juice in its preparation. Dishes and variations include grape ice cream sandwiches and grape ice cream soda. Grape ice cream is sometimes offered at grape festivals. For example, the Naples Grape Festival has offered grape ice cream. Grape ice cream is not a commonly made flavor in the US. It is one of the more common flavors in Japan.
See also
Ice cream float – Purple cow
List of grape dishes
List of ice cream flavors
References
Flavors of ice cream
Grape dishes
Jozef Geirnaert, also known as Jozef Lodewijk Geirnaert, Théodore-Joseph-Louis Geirnaert and Joseph Louis Geirnaert (27 August 1790, in Eeklo – 20 March 1859, in Ghent), was a 19th-century painter and draughtsman from Belgium.  They are known for their genre scenes, portraits as well as their historical, religious and mythological paintings. They were first influenced by the Neoclassical style of Jacques-Louis David and later by the version of Romanticism that was in vogue in Belgium from the 1830s.
Life
Jozef Geirnaert was born in Eeklo. They studied at the Ghent Fine Arts Academy. After the school year 1813-1814, Geirnaert became a student of Willem Jacob Herreyns in Antwerp. After their studies in Antwerp, they returned to Ghent and worked there in the workshop of Joseph Paelinck.
Geirnaert started exhibiting religious and genre works in the prestigious Salons from 1817. They got to know the work of the Neoclassical French painter Jacques-Louis David, was then living and working as an exile in Brussels. Geirnaert submitted in 1818 a work for a competition organised by the fine arts academy of Brussels. Their genre scene won them the First Prize. The same year's submission to the Salon 1818 of Brussels entitled "Belgian Officer Introducing to their Family a Comrade in Arms who Ssaved their Life" was also distinguished by a prize. The young artist's success was celebrated in Eeklo and Ghent. There was a triumphal procession from Ghent to Eeklo. In 1820 Geirnaert obtained a medal at the Salon of Ghent for their portraits.
They were also in demand in Paris and obtained a gold medal at the Paris salon of 1835 with their Wedding proposal. Geirnaert was for a while a painter who was very much in demand. However, artistic preferences were changing in Belgium with the advent of the historical Romantic school represented by figures of the Academy of Antwerp such as Gustaf Wappers. After the Belgian Revolution of 1830 when Belgium became independent from The Netherlands, the artist moved to The Hague as they were a supporter of Dutch rule over Belgium. In some of their paintings from that time they provided a clear commentary on the events: in "Election in Ghent in 1830" they showed a priest agitating on the street against the Dutch regime. After a self-imposed exile of six years, the artist returned to Belgium in 1836. They remained faithful to their themes but also occasionally carried out religious commissions including for the Saint Salvator church in Eeklo and the Saint Nicholas church in Ghent.
In November 1856 they were appointed as a teacher of painting at the Ghent Academy. They dedicated also much time to their educational role. They received official recognition from the Belgian government when they were made a knight in the Order of Leopold.
Geirnaert was married to Theresia Pinnoy. They were the teacher of, amongst others, Joseph Pinnoy (his brother in law, 1808-1866), Eduard Wallays, Theodore-Bernard De Heuvel (1817-1906), Henri De Nobele (1820-1870), Serafien De Vliegher (1806-1848), and Jacques Louis Godineau (1811-1873).
Work
Geirnaert is known for their genre scenes, portraits as well as historical, religious and mythological paintings. Their style was initially influenced by the Neoclassical style of Jacques-Louis David. This style was characterised by its limited palette and strict composition. Examples of work in this style are the Phaedra and Hippolytus (Bowes Museum) and the Finding of Moses (At Lempertz auction in Cologne of 25 May 2017, lot 1502), both dated 1819. The figures in these compositions are wearing garments from Classical antiquity. In the Finding of Moses the drapery is depicted in lively colours and the figures are set in an Italianate landscape offering in the background a view on an ancient city. The scene is bathed in a subtle light. The faces of the women are softly modelled and two of the faces appear in profile, as in Renaissance medallions.
They later painted historical scenes such as Godmaert in prison. This reflected the rise of the historical-Romanticism that was in vogue in Belgium from the 1830s which attempted to depict key episodes of Belgian history in a heroic manner. Geirnaert never embraced the flamboyant, Baroque expression this movement took in the works of Gustaf Wappers.
Geirnaert painted figures in a few landscapes by Adolphe Engel and in a Poultry seller by Jules Joos (Salon 1849 Antwerp).
References
External links
1790 births
1859 deaths
Belgian painters
Flemish portrait painters
Flemish genre painters
People from Eeklo
Crescent School is an Independent preparatory coeducational day School for pupils aged 3 – 11. It is located in the Bilton area of Rugby, Warwickshire, England. It was informally started in 1946, and founded in 1948 as a school for the children of Rugby School masters. It was housed in Rugby School buildings. Having opened its doors to children living in Rugby and the surrounding district, it out–grew its premises and, in 1988, purchased a purpose-built school in Bilton, a leafy, residential suburb approximately 2 miles south of Rugby town centre.
There are currently 167 pupils on role including 19 children aged 3–4 in the very successful Pathfinders Nursery . Since 2017, the school has been a part of the Princethorpe Foundation, alongside secondary school Princethorpe College, fellow primary school Crackley Hall and nursery Little Crackers. The principal, Joe Thackway is a member of Independent Association of Preparatory Schools and the school is an accredited member of Independent Schools Council, having undergone Independent Schools Inspectorate and Ofsted inspections.
References
External links
School website
Independent schools in Warwickshire
Schools in Rugby, Warwickshire
The following units and commanders of the U.S. and Mexican armed forces fought in the battle of Cerro Gordo from April 17–18, 1847 during the Mexican–American War. The U.S. 1st Division and 1st Brigade, 3rd Division remained in the rear at Veracruz.
United States
Army of Invasion: MG Winfield Scott
Headquarters
Acting Inspector General: Lt. Colonel Ethan Allen Hitchock
Chief of Engineers: Major Smith
Chief Topographical Engineer: Major William Turnbull
Chief Quartermaster: Captain Allen
Mexico
Gen. div. Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna
As actually deployed
Right – Gen. L. Pinzon – 5th Infantry, Atlixco Battalion (total 500 men) and one artillery battery (7 guns)
Center – Navy Capt. B. Araujo – Libertad (400 men),and Zacapoastla (300 men) battalions and one artillery battery (8 guns)
Left – Col. Badilo – Jalapa, Coatepec and Teusitlan National Guard companies (250 men) and one artillery battery (9 guns)
Camp of Matamoros – Gen. Jarero – Matamoros and Tepeaca Battalions (450 men) and one gun
Battery on the road – Gen.br. R. Diaz de la Vega-6th Infantry (900 men), Grenaderos Battalion (460 men) and one Art. Battery (7 guns)
el Telegrafo (hill) – Gen.br. C. Vasquez, Col. Lopez Uraga, Col R.Palacios (artillery) – 3d Infantry (Col. Azpeitia 100 men) and one artillery battery (6 guns)
Reserve in Camp at Cerro Gordo- Gen.div. A. Lopez de Santa Ana – 1st, 2d, 3d (Gen. Banenili) & 4th Light (Ligero) (1,700 men), and 4th (Col. Lopez Uraga) & 11th Line (780 men). Artillery reserve (probably one battery of 5 guns),general park, hospital, baggage etc.
Cavalry at Coral Falso – Gen. V. Canalizo -Hussars Squadron, 5th & 9th Line Cavalry, Morelia & Coraceros Regiments, Jalapa, Chalchicomula and Orizava Squadrons. (Juvera and Canalizo Brigades?)
Notes:
Manuel Balbontin, a Mexican artillery officer during the war (La Invasion Americana 1888) does not cover the battle.
Mexican Artillery batteries usually had 4 guns. Batteries with larger guns had fewer than this. Guns were grouped together by size, i.e. a battery of 4 four pounders ( 4-4 lbs.), or a battery of 3 twelve pounders (3-12 lbs.) A total of 43 guns would indicate about 11 batteries. Col. L. Palacios was killed while commanding artillery. Naval Capt P. Ruiz y Baranda, Naval Lt. F. Fernandez, and Capt. V. Arguelles and Lts. M. Camacho, B. Arnable & J. R. Cobarrubias were all captured commanding artillery. Naval Capt. Godinez and artillery officers Malagon and Olzinger were also present. Battery commanders? Naval Capt. Araujo, above was probably a battery commander also. Or, about ten battery commanders.
GMT Games (unsure of sources) posits Pinzon with 7 guns (1- 12 lbs., 2-8 lbs. and 4- 4 lbs. about two batteries), Araujo with 8 guns (4- 8 lbs. and 4- 4 lbs. about two batteries), Badillo with 9 guns (3- 8 lbs. and 6- 4 lbs. about two batteries), Diaz with 7 guns (4- 16 lbs. and 3- 8 lbs. about two batteries) Vasques with 4 guns (4- 4 lobs. one battery), Jarero with 5 guns (1- 8 lbs. and 4- 4 lbs. about one battery). Or about ten batteries.
References
Mexican–American War orders of battle
Zelenomorsk () is a rural locality (a selo) in Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,005 as of 2010. There are 21 streets.
Geography
Zelenomorsk is located 17 km northeast of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Manaskent and Manas are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins and Kumyks live there.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
"Ça ira" is a song by French singer Joyce Jonathan. It was originally released by them as a single in early 2013. Then the song was included on their studio album Caractère, which appeared in June of the same year.
Writing and composition
The song was written by Joyce Jonathan and Fabien Nataf. The recording was produced by Jo Francken.
Track listing
Digital promo single (February 1, 2013) – Polydor (UMG)
"Ça ira" (3:45)
Digital promo single (July 8, 2013) – Polydor (UMG)
"Ça ira (Remix)" (3:44)
Charts
References
2013 songs
2013 singles
French pop songs
Polydor Records singles
Level II is an album by Eru, a singer from South Korea. The singles "까만안경" (Black Glasses) and "흰눈" (White Snow) performed really well, making this album more successful than their first. Their promotional schedule for the album ended sometime in March 2007.
Track listing
까만안경 (Black Glasses) (feat. Daylight) (3:46)
돌아와 내게 (Come Back To Me) (3:45)
늦지 않기를 (Not To Be Late) (4:18)
I'll Promise (4:26)
떠나가 (Leave) (4:07)
With You (3:21)
가슴앓이 (3:51)
흰눈 (White Snow) (3:56)
사랑하니까 (Because I Love You) (3:59)
옥경이 (feat. Tae Jin Ah) (3:36)
External links
Eru's Official Site
2006 albums
Eru (singer) albums
Daniele Balducci (born 10 September 1970) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Biography
Originally from the Tuscan town of Monsummano Terme, Balducci had the highest ranking on tour of 191.
Balducci made their ATP Tour main draw debut at the 1990 Sanremo Open, where they featured in both the singles and doubles events. Their other two ATP Tour appearances came at the Austrian Open Kitzbühel, as a qualifier for back to back tournaments in 1995 and 1996, making second round in the latter year by beating Olivier Delaître
They have a win over Roger Federer to their name, defeating the future world number one at a satellite tournament in Switzerland in 1997.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Italian male tennis players
Sportspeople from the Province of Pistoia
Louis Delcon was a Belgian archer. They competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics, winning three medals, two gold and a silver.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Belgian male archers
Olympic archers of Belgium
Archers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Olympic gold medalists for Belgium
Olympic silver medalists for Belgium
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Amitoze Singh (born 14 February 1989) is an Indian cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Punjab. Amitoze is a right-hand batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler. They were one of the domestic signings of Mumbai Indians in 2012. In June 2021, they were selected to take part in the Minor League Cricket tournament in the United States following the players' draft.
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Indian cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
Mumbai Indians cricketers
In enzymology, a limonene-1,2-epoxide hydrolase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
limonene-1,2-epoxide + H2O limonene-1,2-diol
Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are limonene-1,2-epoxide and H2O, whereas its product is limonene-1,2-diol.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on ether bonds (ether hydrolases). The systematic name of this enzyme class is limonene-1,2-epoxide hydrolase. This enzyme is also called limonene oxide hydrolase. This enzyme participates in limonene and pinene degradation.
Epoxide hydrolases catalyse the hydrolysis of epoxides to corresponding diols, which is important in detoxification, synthesis of signal molecules, or metabolism. Limonene-1,2- epoxide hydrolase (LEH) differs from many other epoxide hydrolases in its structure and its novel one-step catalytic mechanism. Its main fold consists of a six-stranded mixed beta-sheet, with three N-terminal alpha helices packed to one side to create a pocket that extends into the protein core. A fourth helix lies in such a way that it acts as a rim to this pocket. Although mainly lined by hydrophobic residues, this pocket features a cluster of polar groups that lie at its deepest point and constitute the enzymes active site.
References
Further reading
Protein domains
EC 3.3.2
Enzymes of known structure
The 4 × 100 metre mixed medley relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 21 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 10:13.
Final
The final was held at 19:52.
References
4 × 100 metre mixed medley relay
Stactolaema is a bird genus in the African barbet family (Lybiidae) which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae. It contains the following species:
External links
Bird genera
Barbets
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ivanopil () is an inhabited locality in Ukraine and it may refer to:
Ivanopil, a town (urban-type settlement) in Chudniv Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast
Ivanopil, Lityn Raion, a village in Lityn Raion, Vinnytsia Oblast
Ivanopil, Korosten Raion, a village in Korosten Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast
Copyback is a NAND flash memory or SSD operation where data is read from one location in flash memory and written to another location, usually in the same LUN. This data does not need to be sent to the host as the copyback operation does not originate from a read request. Copybacks are closely related to write amplification.
Copyback is part of the ONFI specification.
Copybacks are done for a variety of reasons:
Garbage Collection: Data in flash memory cannot be over-written and must be erased before it can be re-written to. However in NAND flash, erases happen in at the block granularity and a block can have 16-128 pages, some of which may still contain valid data. If a block has valid data, it must be copied back before the block can be erased for reuse by the garbage collector.
Wear Leveling: Wear Leveling sometimes requires data to be internally moved from one block to another to make use of a block with lower program/erase count.
Errors: Data stored in flash memory can incur a variety of errors like retention errors, read-disturb and program-disturb errors which accumulate over time. If the total errors exceed the designed error correction capability, then data will be lost. Thus, the data has to be read, corrected and written somewhere else before the errors are too high.
The copyback operation can either be done by a read and then a White by the controller or as an NAND flash internal copyback operation. However, the internal copyback operation can lead to errors because NAND chips do not have error detection and correction inside them.
References
Solid-state computer storage
Ihor Sergeevich Vasiliev () Ukrainian politician. In 2019, they were elected for the Servant of the People in the 9th Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada.
Born in Poltava, Ukraine, Vasylyev graduated from the Ukrainian Academy of Banking (“Banking”), Kyiv University. In 2019, they were a member of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Digital Transformation.
Candidate for people's deputies in the party “Servant of the People” at the parliamentary elections of 2019 (electoral constituency No. 158, part of the Zarichny district in Sumy, Bilopilsky, Krasnopilsky, Sumy districts).
References
1984 births
Living people
Politicians from Poltava‎
Ninth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Servant of the People (political party) politicians
Fech fech () is a very fine powder caused by the erosion of clay-limestone terrain and it is most commonly found in deserts. It consists of a surface horizon of pulverized soil with low particle cohesion protected under a thin crust. Fech fech is derived from ancient lake muds or on certain argillaceous rocks and is one of the desert surfaces that produces dust. It is not determinable from the surface and can therefore pose a significant transportation hazard acting as a surprise "trap" as the ground collapses beneath a vehicle miring it in a quicksand-like substance.
Fech-fech is classified into two types:
Fech-fech that developed during the Holocene, in lake mud or fluvio-lacustrine sediments.
Fech-fech that developed from shale.
Fech fech is common in the Qattara Depression, making that portion of the Sahara Desert impassable by most vehicles.
See also
Dry quicksand
References
Sediments
Soil
In Greek mythology, Pharis (Ancient Greek: Φᾶριν means 'plough') was the son of Hermes and the Danaid Phylodameia, and founder of Pharae in Messene. They had one daughter, Telegone, who consorted with the river god Alpheius and had by them a son Ortilochus (Orsilochus), who in their turn became father of Diocles, and Diocles had twin sons Crethon and Orsilochus, who fought at Troy and were killed by Aeneas.
Pausanias leaves open the question whether Pharae in Achaea were founded by this Pharis (spelled "Phares" in this particular passage) or by someone else.
Notes
Children of Hermes
References
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Characters in Greek mythology
Your Children Placate You From Premature Graves is a 2006 album by The Legendary Pink Dots. It is the group's 25th anniversary album.
Track listing
Personnel
Edward Ka-Spel – voice, keyboards
The Silverman – keyboards, electronics
Martijn De Kleer – guitar, bass, drums
Niels van Hoorn – saxophone, flute
Raymond Steeg – production, mixing, mastering, engineer
References
2006 albums
The Legendary Pink Dots albums
Monin is a French company producing and marketing syrups, liqueurs and fruit purees, primarily intended for commercial use (hotels, restaurants, bars, etc.).
History
The company was founded in 1912 by Georges Monin. But it was not until the 1920s that the first syrups were made.
Georges Monin died in 1944. However, the company remained family-owned. Their son Paul took over the management of the company a few months later. They abandoned wine production and concentrated on syrups, establishing a network of dealers throughout France. In 1996, Paul Monin's son, Olivier Monin, established a production unit in Clearwater, Florida. Twelve years later, in 2018, they created one in China, adding to the two French production sites, the Malaysian site and this American site.
75% of its revenue comes from international business.
The company has locations in France, Asia, North America and Australia.
References
Food and drink companies of France
French companies established in 1912
Companies based in Centre-Val de Loire
Bourges
This is a list of properties and districts in Coweta County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
References
Coweta
Coweta County, Georgia
ZZ is a Japanese band.
Members
Sotaro (vocals)
Erichi (keyboards)
Matsuura (drums)
Kohsuke (guitarist)
Kyama (bassist)
Rey takashi (Guitarist)
Discography
Albums
Definitive Energy Flow (2003)
Universal ZZ (2004)
A to ZZ - Complete Single Collection (CD and DVD) (2004)
Generation Hip Innocence (2005)
ZZB (2005)
A to ZZ2 (2007)
Singles
2003
"No Way Out"
"Rhythmist"
""
"A to Z (Normal Edition)"
2004
"Nobody Knows2"
"Pride Yourself"
"Just Only One/Samurai Crew"
2005
"Samurai Crew"
2006
"" - Song done in support of the Japan national football team. The team's nickname is Samurai Blue.
References
Official homepage
FanimeCon 2006 forum: Topic #3038
ZZ profiles
External links
ZZ Self Report of concerts in San Jose and Toronto
ZZ database — Upcoming informations
REPORT:ZZ Self Report of concerts in San Jose and Toronto
Avex Group artists
Japanese rock music groups
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Shizuoka Prefecture
Babhniyawan is a large village in Jagdishpur block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 9,945, in 1,540 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Shin Dong-hyuk (; born 17 July 1987) is a South Korean football midfielder, who formerly played for Incheon United.
Club career
Shin joined Incheon United for the 2011 season, and their first league appearance for their new club was as a substitute against Gyeongnam FC, playing most of the second half of the match.
Club career statistics
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Incheon United FC players
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Association football midfielders
Terry Wardle (born 17 April 1944) is a British writer born in Hereford. Has also been a soldier, teacher, journalist and business person.  They are perhaps best known for their award-winning children's novel The Hardest Sum in the World, originally published by Andersen in the UK and Australasia in hardback and by Corgi in paperback in Britain, published in Spain in 1989 and Italy in 1994 To date it has sold around 100,000 copies in the UK, Europe and Australasia. It has been in print continuously somewhere in the world for more than 20 years and is now published in the UK by MTC. It was particularly popular in Italy and in 1995 they became the first non-Italian winner of the Premio Verghereto literary award, which had previously been won by many leading Italian children's authors.
In 2009 they became the first writer to chronicle the history of the first pre-conquest Norman castle built in England in their book England's First Castle, published by The History Press. The book not only contained detailed original research on the castle and its builder, but a scathing critique of the failures of nineteenth- and twentieth-century historians, who had fatally confused what little information was thought to have been known about the castle.
Other books include an historical novel, The Secret of The Talisman, a mystery thriller 'Shakespeare's Curse' () and local histories, The History of Barbourne, of which they were co-authored, a book of county biographies Heroes and Villains of Worcestershire., and 'Historic Worcester Streets' published by TWP in 2014. Their journalism career began at the weekly Kent Messenger. They also worked as supplements editor on the Birmingham Evening Mail and as editor on the Orpington Times and the Hereford Observer, and did a stint as a sub-editor on The Independent. In 2010 they founded the online Energy Assessor Magazine, the first and only news publication for UK energy assessors, which they ran for eight years until their retirement.
References
External links
http://www.sec-ed.co.uk/cgi-bin/go.pl/article/article.html?uid=34624;type_uid=22;section=Reviews
http://www.fumaioloturismo.it/?id=26546
http://www.worldcat.org/title/hardest-sum-in-the-world/oclc/59870455
http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=The+hardest+sum+in+the+world&x=18&y=16
http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=The+Secret+of+the+Talisman&x=15&y=20
http://www.amazon.co.uk/s/?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=The+History+of+Barbourne&x=11&y=17
England's First Castle at History Press
1944 births
Living people
Hielscher is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Friedrich Hielscher (1902–1990), German poet and philosopher
Hans Uwe Hielscher (born 1945), German organist and composer
Leo Hielscher (born 1926), Australian administrator
Margarete Hielscher (1899–1985), German doctor
Margot Hielscher (1919–2017), German singer and film actor
Ulf Hielscher (born 1967), German bobsledder
See also
Josef Emanuel Hilscher (1806–1837), Austrian soldier, poet and translator
Kurt Hilscher (1904–1980), German illustrator
German-language surnames
Werner Zillig (born October 22, 1949 in Haßlach, Germany) is a German author and scholar.
Werner Zillig studied at universities in Erlangen, Tübingen and Münster, obtaining their doctorate from Münster in 1981 with a linguistic study on speech acts. They then taught German linguistics at the same school. From 1996 through 2002, they lived in Lille, France. After that, they moved to the Innsbruck area. In 2008, they were named ‘'Honorarprofessor” for linguistics at Innsbruck University.
In the early nineties, Zillig began work on "kommunikatives Controlling," which they describe as a practical linguistic, non-psychological analysis of communication for the purposes of improving it.<ref>
"Natürliche Sprachen und kommunikative Normen, p. 7</ref>
Zillig's first fiction was science fiction, in 1978. Later works follow the style of Thomas Mann (‘'Der neue Duft'' [the new fragrance]) and David Lodge (‘'Die Festschrift'').  They are the winner of the 1990 Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis, for Siebzehn Sätze.
Publications
FictionDer Regentänzer. Science fiction stories', edited by Herbert W. Franke, 1980.
Die Parzelle. Roman, 1984. Siebzehn Sätze. Das Gedächtnis. Zwei Erzählungen, 1989.
Der neue Duft. Eine Erzählung aus der Kultur von morgen, 1989.
Die Festschrift. Ein Roman, 2004.
Radio drama
“Wir, die Künstler, aber lachen” (WDR) 1984
“Die Rekonstruktion” (WDR) 1986
“Die Möglichkeiten von Fiesole” (SDR) 1989
“Sorglers Rückkehr “(SDR) 1991
Scholarly works
‘'Bewerten. Sprechakttypen der bewertenden Rede'', 1982.
‘'Jost Trier. Leben – Werk – Wirkung'' (editor) 1994.
‘'Natürliche Sprachen und kommunikative Normen'', 2003.
Gutes Benehmen. Anstandsbücher von Knigge bis heute'', 2004.
About Zillig
Karsten Kruschel: “Wird die Science Fiction geplündert? oder Wie man Science Fiction benutzen und trotzdem ein ‘anständiger' Author bleiben kann. Einige Anmerkungen zu den Romanen ‘Der neue Duft' von Werner Zillig, ‘Die Rättin' von Günter Grass und ‘Sein und Bleiben' von Gottfried Meinhold.” In ‘' Das Science Fiction Jahr # 7. Ein Jahrbuch für den Science Fiction Leser. Ausgabe 1992'', edited by Wolfgang Jeschke. Heyne Verlag: Munich 1992, pp. 441–454.
References
External links
Living people
Linguists from Germany
1949 births
Aksu is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
According to the Ottoman State Archives; Aksu was first acknowledged to exist in 1487. Though it likely existed before this date.
Aksu is recorded as the first and only name of the settlement.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
"F U Kristmas!" is a Christmas single by British singer Kim Wilde and thrash metal band Lawnmower Deth. The single was released in the United Kingdom as a digital download on iTunes and Google Play Music and on CD on 18 December 2017.
There are two versions of the main track, both R-rated: "F U Kristmas! (Clean Mix)" and "Fuck You Kristmas! (Sweary Mix)", the lyrics of the latter containing more explicit language. Both versions were made available on streaming sites Apple Music and Deezer on 1 December 2017.
Background
The song was written by Pete Lee, Paddy O'Maley, Steve Nesfield and Kim and Ricky Wilde and recorded by Kim Wilde and Lawnmower Deth in 2017. It has been described as an "anti-Christmas song" and a "punk and thrash-metal crossover number with thrashing riffs and hardcore vocals."
Wilde described working with the band as a "collaboration bound to happen" since joining them on stage at Download Festival in 2016, adding it was "a personal highlight of [her] career." They have previously stated that Lawnmower Deth's cover of their debut single "Kids in America" is their favourite version of the track and credited the band with the idea of them collaborating on a Christmas song. Pete Lee, vocalist for Lawnmower Deth, said the collaboration was "the greatest project [the band has] been involved in."
Music video
A music video accompanying the release of "F U Kristmas!" was released onto Kim Wilde's Vevo YouTube channel on 1 December 2017 at a total length of three minutes and one second.
Track listing
References
2017 singles
Kim Wilde songs
Songs written by Kim Wilde
Songs written by Ricky Wilde
2017 songs
British Christmas songs
Bethany is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Washington County, Oregon, United States. It is situated north of U.S. Route 26 near Beaverton, approximately four miles northwest of Cedar Mill, and is within the Portland metropolitan area.
History
The name Bethany was first applied to a crossroads trading center about two miles northeast of the current location, where a Presbyterian church stands today. The area was first settled by Ulrich Gerber, who came from Switzerland in the mid-1870s. Gerber helped establish the first post office in the area in 1878, about a mile east of the current Bethany School, and suggested the name Bethany. "Bethany" is a Hebrew word, originally applied to a place in Palestine near Jerusalem, and used as a place name all over the United States, especially in connection with a church. The post office was discontinued in 1904.
The area's first public library was opened in July 2007 by a non-profit organization named the Cedar Mill Community Library Association, which has operated a library in nearby Cedar Mill since 1976. It is considered a branch of that library and is named the Cedar Mill Community Library @ Bethany.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the census of 2010, there were 20,646 people, 7,205 households, and 5,579 families residing in Bethany. The racial makeup of Bethany was 60.4% White, 31.7% Asian, 1.7% Black, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 1.5% from other races, and 4.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.1% of the population.
There were 5,579 family households, of which 50.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.4% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 2.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 22.6% were non-families. 18.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.86 and the average family size was 3.30.
The median age in Bethany was 35.7 years. The gender makeup of the area was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.
References
External links
Historic images of Bethany from Salem Public Library
Cedar Mill Community Library – Bethany Branch
Historic images of the Bethany area from Washington County Heritage Online
Unincorporated communities in Washington County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Portland metropolitan area
1878 establishments in Oregon
Populated places established in 1878
Census-designated places in Washington County, Oregon
Pityrodia hemigenioides is a flowering plant in the mint family Lamiaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a spreading shrub with densely hairy branches and leaves, and pale white flowers near the ends of the branches.
Description
Pityrodia hemigenioides is a spreading shrub which grows to a height of with its branches densely covered with short, whitish or ash-coloured branched, hairs. The leaves vary in shape from linear to egg-shaped, mostly long, wide and covered with hairs similar to those on the branches, at least when young. Older leaves are glabrous with prominent network veins on the lower surface and the edges of the leaves are usually rolled under.
The flowers are arranged singly in upper leaf axils, crowded together so that they seem to form a spike of flowers. There is a leaf-like bract long and two smaller, leaf-like bracteoles long at the base of the flower. The five sepals are long and joined at the base to form a tube long. The sepals are covered with hairs similar to those on the leaves, except that the inside of the tube is glabrous. The five petals are joined to form a pale white tube long with five lobes on the end. The petal tube has a few soft hairs on the outside at first, but is glabrous inside apart from a densely hairy ring above the ovary and a few hairs on the largest petal lobe. The lower, middle lobe is broad elliptic to almost circular, broad and long while the other four lobes are smaller and roughly similar in size to each other, roughly egg-shaped and long. Flowering occurs from July to October and is followed by a hairy, oval fruit about long with the sepals attached and a network of veins on the surface.
Taxonomy and naming
This species was first formally described in 1868 by Ferdinand von Mueller who gave it the name Chloanthes hemigenioides and published the description in Fragmenta phytographiae Australiae. In 1870, George Bentham changed the name to Pityrodia hemigenioides. The specific epithet (hemigenioides) refers to a perceived similarity to plants in the genus Hemigenia - the suffix -oides means "likeness" in Latin.
Distribution and habitat
This pityrodia grows in yellow sand on sanplains and dunes, mainly in near-coastal areas between Geraldton and Shark Bay in the Avon Wheatbelt, Geraldton Sandplains and Yalgoo biogeographic regions.
Conservation
Pityrodia hemigenioides is classified as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
hemigenioides
Plants described in 1868
Flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Llansannan is a rural village and community in Conwy County Borough, Wales. It lies on the bank of the River Aled and is about 8 miles to the south of Abergele and to the west of Denbigh. The population was 1,291 in 2001, with 67% able to speak Welsh. The figures for the 2011 census were: population 1,335 with 63% able to speak Welsh.
The community includes the hamlets of Bylchau, Rhydgaled and Y Groes, and the lake Llyn Aled and reservoir Aled Isaf on Mynydd Hiraethog. Llansannan is in the traditional county of Denbighshire.
Amenities
The village contains the Red Lion Inn and Ysgol Bro Aled primary school.
A village landmark is the statue of the "Little Girl" that commemorates notable figures from the area. The work of William Goscombe John, the statue was officially unveiled in 1899, shortly after the death of local politician T. E. Ellis, whose brainchild it had been.
The parish church of St Sannan is a grade II* listed building. Founded by the Irish bishop, St Sannan, it was first mentioned in 1254 and restored in 1878/9. None of the medieval features survived the restoration.
Governance
A Llansannan electoral ward exists, which stretches beyond the confines of Llansannan community to include neighbouring Llannefydd. It had a total population taken at the 2011 census of 1,925.
Llansannan and Bylchau also elect community councillors to represent them on Llansannan Community Council.
Sport
Clwb Pêl-droed Llansannan (Llansannan Football Club) compete in Vale of Clwyd and Conwy Football League.
Notable residents
Tudur Aled – late medieval Welsh poet.
Tara Bethan – actor in Rownd a Rownd and theatrical performer.
Sir William Mars-Jones – High Court judge
William Rees – usually known by their bardic name of Gwilym Hiraethog, was a Welsh poet and author, one of the major figures of Welsh literature during the 19th century.
William Salesbury – leading scholar of the Renaissance and the principal translator of the 1567 Welsh New Testament.
Orig Williams – wrestler known as El Bandito
References
External links
A Vision of Britain Through Time
British Listed Buildings
Genuki
Geograph
Llansannan Community Council
Office for National Statistics
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Miyazu, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway company Willer Trains (Kyoto Tango Railway).
Lines
Amanohashidate Station is a station of the Miyazu Line, and is located 29.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nishi-Maizuru Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one ground-level side platform and one ground-level island platform connected by a footbridge. The station is attended.
Adjacent stations
History
The station was opened on July 31, 1925.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 437 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Ama-no-Hashidate
Amahashiyama Chionji Temple
Amanohashidate Sightseeing Boat
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Official home page
Railway stations in Kyoto Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Miyazu, Kyoto
This is a list of exoplanets. Most of these were discovered by the Kepler space telescope. There are an additional 2,056 potential exoplanets from Kepler's first mission yet to be confirmed, as well as 969 from its "Second Light" mission and 3,945 from the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) mission.
For yearly lists on physical, orbital and other properties, as well as on discovery circumstances and other aspects, see .
Nomenclature
Methods of detection
Specific exoplanet lists
Lists of exoplanets
List of directly imaged exoplanets
List of exoplanets discovered before 2000 ()
List of exoplanets discovered between 2000–2009 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2010 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2011 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2012 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2013 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2014 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2015 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2016 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2017 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2018 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2019 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2020 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2021 ()
List of exoplanets discovered in 2022 ()
List of exoplanet extremes
List of exoplanet firsts
List of exoplanets discovered using the Kepler space telescope
List of exoplanets observed during Kepler's K2 mission
List of extrasolar candidates for liquid water
List of multiplanetary systems
List of nearest exoplanets
List of the nearest terrestrial exoplanet candidates
List of potentially habitable exoplanets
List of proper names of exoplanets
List of transiting exoplanets
See also
Lists of astronomical objects
References
External links
The NASA Exoplanet Archive
The Extrasolar Planet Encyclopaedia — Catalog Listing accessed in 2015-09-28
Exoplanet Data Explorer accessed in 2015-09-28
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence
Lists of planets
West London Business (WLB) is a UK non-profit business leadership forum. It represents businesses and enterprises with a presence in the seven 'West London Alliance' boroughs:Barnet, Brent, Ealing, Hammersmith and Fulham, Harrow, Hillingdon, and Hounslow.
The boroughs have a combined population of 1.4 million people.
Established in 1994 WLB seeks to represent the interests of 100,000+ businesses, from small to multinational, located in West London, which contribute an estimated (in 2016) £50 billion (GVA) to the UK economy.
The organisation's mission is to ensure West London stays the best place to do business.
Membership
WLB has around 200 members, including major corporates and multinationals such as PwC, the Fuller's Brewery, Heathrow Airport, HSBC and SEGRO, through to SMEs, we well as Further Education and Higher Education institutions. The organisation claims the results is a forum for promotion and networking in West London.
In joining WLB members commit to work together to raise West London's global economic competitiveness, whilst pursuing social and environmental sustainability.
Activities
West London Business is active in:
providing members with knowledge of London-wide and local political and economic developments
lobbying to influence public policy decisions that affect the local business environment.
promoting economic development, entrepreneurial activity and innovation,
supporting growth sectors such as pharmaceuticals, food, information technology, logistics, creative industries and tourism.
Under CEO Andrew Dakers they developed more services and partnerships including:
Park Royal Business Group – WLB provides this local business group's secretariat and legal structure.
Spark! Kick starting careers – WLB supports this education-business charity.
Golden Mile Transport. Group – WLB supports the group.
Cross-Party Group for West London – WLB works in partnership with Fuller, Smith & Turner Plc to provide the secretariat for the group.
West London Export Club – WLB works in partnership with Hounslow Chamber of Commerce to provide the secretariat for the club.
West London Alliance (the public body incorporating the councils that cover Northwest London) which includes Hounslow, Ealing, Brent, Harrow, Hillingdon, Barnet and Hammersmith & Fulham.
WLB promoted the West London Orbital underground railway scheme. WLB and partners are working on the possibility of converting freight lines into passenger services. This would include linking Brentford to Barnet via the Dudding Hill line.
History
The organisation emerged from the merger of West London Inward and West London Chamber of Commerce in the early 2000s. Much of the energy from Business in the Community's West London Leadership team folded into WLB in the early 2000s.
Recent chief executives:
Kate Ashton (2003-5)
Frank Wingate (2005–15)
Andrew Dakers (2015-)
West London Business has in the past offered:
free support for business start-up and micro companies through the 'Business London West Consortium'
commercial consultancy services, using specialist partner consultants where appropriate
promoting inward investment and business growth services with funding support from the London Development Agency.
References
Chambers of commerce in the United Kingdom
Business organisations based in London
Economy of London
Claude Gay, often named Claudio Gay in Spanish texts, (March 18, 1800 – November 29, 1873), was a French botanist, naturalist and illustrator. This explorer carried out some of the first investigations about Chilean flora, fauna, geology and geography. The Cordillera Claudio Gay in the Atacama Region of Chile is named after him.
Research and travels
They first went to Paris to study medicine, but they quickly abandoned this idea to become a researcher in natural history. In 1828, they went to Chile to teach physics and natural history at a college in Santiago. In 1829, they accepted a position as a researcher for the Chilean government to carry out a scientific survey of the country.
They returned to France in 1832, and gave their collections to the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris.
They returned to Chile in 1834 and explored the country again for four years. After having visited Peru in 1839, they lived in Santiago, where they wrote the multi-volume Historia fisica y politica de Chile. In 1841, Chile conferred the Chilean nationality to him, and their opus work was published by the Chilean government between 1844 and 1871.
Gay returned to France in 1843, and in May, 1856, they were elected a member of the French Academy of Sciences. They made a journey through Russia and Tartary from 1856 to 1858. At the end of 1858, they were sent by the French Academy of Sciences to study the mining system of the United States. They returned to France in 1860, and in 1863, they journeyed to Chile for the last time.
Honours
Awarded Grande Médaille d'Or des Explorations by the Société de Géographie, 1845
Titular of the French Légion d'honneur
Corresponding member of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle (Paris)
Elected to the French Academy of Sciences in 1856.
 They are commemorated in the name of a number of plants and animals, including the flower Montiopsis gayana and the rufous-bellied seedsnipe Attagis gayi.
The journal of the Botanical Society of Chile, Gayana, is named in their honour and published by the Universidad de Concepción, Chile.
Works
Noticias sobre las islas de Juan Fernandez, Valparaiso, 1840
Historia física y política de Chile, Paris, 1844–1848
Origine de la pomme de terre, Paris, 1851
Atlas de la historia física y política de Chile, Paris, 1854
Triple variation de l'aiguille d'amiante dans les parties Ouest de l'Amerique, Paris, 1854
Carte générale du Chili, Paris, 1855
Considérations sur les mines du Pérou, comparées aux mines du Chili, Paris, 1855
Notes sur le Brasil, Buenos Ayres, et Rio de Janeiro, Paris, 1856
Rapport à l'académie des sciences sur les mines des États-Unis, Paris, 1861
References
Sources
Marie-Louise Bauchot, Jacques Daget & Roland Bauchot, «Ichthyology in France at the Beginning of the 19th Century: The “Histoire Naturelle des Poissons“ of Cuvier (1769–1832) and Valenciennes (1794–1865)» in Collection building in ichthyology and herpetology, T.W. Pietsch, W. D. Anderson (dir.), American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists, 1997: 27-80.
Further reading
"Claudio Gay," in Tom Taylor and Michael Taylor, Aves: A Survey of the Literature of Neotropical Ornithology, Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Libraries, 2011.
External links
French taxonomists
1800 births
1873 deaths
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
French emigrants to Chile
Naturalized citizens of Chile
People from Var (department)
19th-century French botanists
Olga Eunice Miller ( Wondunna, later Reeves; 27 March 1920 – August 2003), often known as Aunty (or Auntie) Olga or by their traditional name Wandi, was an Australian historian, artist, author and Aboriginal elder of the Butchulla people. They often acted as an advocate for K'gari (Fraser Island) and Butchulla issues, and illustrated The Legends of Moonie Jarl, the first known Australian Aboriginal–written children's book to be published. In 2002 they were named a Queensland Great.
Early and personal life
The youngest of seven siblings, Miller was born Olga Eunice Wondunna on 27 March 1920 in Maryborough, Queensland to mother Ethel Marion Reeves ( Gribble) and father Frederick Wondunna. I parents' relationship, that of an Indigenous man and a white woman, was deeply controversial in its time and opposed by Ethel's brother Ernest Gribble in particular.
Olga changed their surname from Wondunna to Reeves, before marrying Ronald Richard Miller on 1 June 1940 and taking theirs name.
They were a member of the Butchulla people, of whom their paternal grandfather Willie Wondunna was an important leader and their son Glen is now an elder. Them maternal grandfather, meanwhile, was 19th-century English-born missionary J. B. Gribble, well known for their work with Indigenous Australians.
Them grandniece Fiona Foley is an artist and founding member of the Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Cooperative.
Career
Miller worked in various media, writing for school textbooks, animated films and newspapers; presenting on radio; and illustrating children's stories. In 1964, they illustrated The Legends of Moonie Jarl, written by their brother Wilf Reeves, which is the first known published children's book authored by an Aboriginal Australian. They illustrated it under their traditional Butchulla name, Wandi, which means "wild duck".
Outside of their media work, they were an activist for K'gari (Fraser Island) issues, often consulted by developers when they wished to build there. Describing their advocacy, Miller said they "[made] a nuisance of [herself]", but that they were "not interested in money… just [looking] after the land".
They were the Caboonya (keeper of records) of the Butchulla people, a role given to them by their grandfather. Well-versed in Aboriginal knowledge and a respected historian, they acted as a consultant on Indigenous issues and history throughout their life. According to the Queensland Government, they "spent their time educating non-Indigenous Australians about pre-European history and Aboriginals on their own cultural background".
Honours
Miller received a Centenary Medal for "services to reconciliation and the preservation of Aboriginal history" on New Year's Day 2001,
and in 2002 was named a Queensland Great, an honour which "recognises the efforts and achievements of remarkable individuals... for their invaluable contribution to the history and development of [the] state".
In April 2003, they were awarded an honorary fellowship by the University of Southern Queensland (USQ), on whose Fraser Coast campus they had helped establish Buallum Jarl-Bah, a centre for Indigenous learning.
Death and legacy
Miller died in August 2003 in Maryborough. Them death was acknowledged by member for Maryborough Chris Foley on the floor of Queensland parliament.
USQ dedicated a garden on its Fraser Coast campus to them in December 2009, the Olga Miller Memorial Garden. Both the garden and Buallam Jarl-Bah have remained since the campus' transfer to the University of the Sunshine Coast.
Bibliography
The Legends of Moonie Jarl: 1964 (illustrated; written by Wilf Reeves)
Fraser Island Legends: 1993
Strings and Things from Long Ago: 1999
The Legend of Mount Bauple: 2000
Wook-Koo: 2001
Buallum and Other Stories: 2002
References
External links
Olga Miller's profile on AustLit
Olga Miller's profile on Trove
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Queensland Greats
Australian women historians
20th-century Australian historians
Indigenous Australian writers
Australian Aboriginal artists
Australian Aboriginal elders
Australian women activists
Australian activists
1920 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Australian women
Altus (also known as Uni Centrum or Business Center 2000) is a skyscraper in Katowice, Silesia, Poland.
The construction started in 2001 and finished in 2003. The building is 125 m high and rises 30 floors above ground. Total floor area is 68,815 m², and volume is 270,430 m³. The building surrounds a four-story atrium. One wing of the building has 18 stories and the other has 29.
Altus is an intelligent building, controlled centrally through a Building Management System. There are 18 elevators in the building.
The main tenants are a four-star hotel, a casino, a health club, and banks: PKO Bank Polski, Citibank, and Kredyt Bank. There is also a three-level underground parking that can fit 560 cars. Over 1,500 people work in the building.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Poland
List of the tallest buildings in Katowice
External links
The buildings's official website
Skyscrapers in Katowice
Commercial buildings completed in 2003
Skyscraper office buildings in Poland
Skyscraper hotels in Poland
Brad Korn (born August 22, 1981) is an American basketball coach who is the current head coach of the Southeast Missouri State Redhawks men's basketball team.
Playing career
Korn played four years at Southern Illinois, three under Bruce Weber and one under Matt Painter and was a member of three-straight Salukis' NCAA Tournament appearances, including the Sweet 16 in 2002.
Coaching career
Korn would transition from playing to the Salukis' coaching staff under Chris Lowery, where they were part of another three-straight NCAA Tournament appearances and a Sweet 16 appearance in 2007. Following Lowery's firing from Southern Illinois, Korn joined Weber's staff at Kansas State for one season as the director of basketball operations before becoming an assistant coach at Missouri State from 2013 to 2016. He'd return to Kansas State in 2016 as an assistant coach, in which the Wildcats had three-straight NCAA Tournament appearances, capped by an Elite Eight runs in 2018.
On March 24, 2020, Korn was introduced as the seventh head coach in the Division I era at Southeast Missouri State, replacing Rick Ray.
Head coaching record
References
1981 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from Illinois
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks men's basketball coaches
Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball coaches
Missouri State Bears basketball coaches
Southern Illinois Salukis men's basketball coaches
Southern Illinois Salukis men's basketball players
Sportspeople from the Chicago metropolitan area
Basketball players from Illinois
People from Oswego, Illinois
Finn Varde Jespersen (4 April 1914 – 6 June 1944) was among Norway's leading orienteers in the late 1930s. During World War II, they were a pilot with the rank of lieutenant. They perished during the invasion of Normandy.
Orienteering career
They were born in Kristiania. Their parents were Per Mathias Jespersen and Anna Jespersen née Johnsen, both from Skien. In the 1930s they were an active sportsman competing in orienteering for the club IL Heming. They represented the Norwegian national team in the third Scandinavian cup in September 1939, where only Sweden and Norway participated because of travel restrictions for the Finnish athletes due to the recent outbreak of war, and Jespersen placed third in the individual contest. In the 1940 season they won a contest in Finland ahead of the Finnish orienteers Börje Malmström, Jan Gripenberg and Birger Lönnberg. This result has been described as the first noted Norwegian orienteering victory in Finland.
World War II
Jespersen participated in the fighting during the German invasion of Norway in 1940. They then embarked on a long journey via Finland, Russia, Japan, crossing the Pacific Ocean and finally reaching North America. They received their pilot training at the Little Norway training camp in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Fellow orienteer Per Bergsland from IL Heming was also trained as a pilot in Toronto.
Jespersen served as an instructor at the training school, and later as pilot flying transport planes. After having been trained on combat aircraft, they joined RAF Bomber Command. Lieutenant Jespersen's Lancaster of 97 Squadrons was shot down over Cherbourg the night between 5 and 6 June 1944. They were awarded the Haakon VII 70th Anniversary Medal posthumously.
Their diaries from 1940, edited by and with comments by John Berg, were published in 1983 as 9. april kommer jeg aldri til å glemme.... .
References
1914 births
1944 deaths
Sportspeople from Oslo
Writers from Oslo
Norwegian orienteers
Male orienteers
Foot orienteers
Norwegian Army personnel of World War II
Norwegian expatriates in Canada
Norwegian World War II pilots
Norwegian Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
Bomber pilots
Royal Air Force personnel killed in World War II
Aviators killed by being shot down
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in France
Norwegian diarists
20th-century Norwegian writers
20th-century diarists
Firth, Pond & Company was an American music company that published sheet music and distributed musical instruments in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The company began in 1847 when William Hall broke with partners John Firth and Sylvanus Pond, thus disbanding their New York-based publishing company, Firth & Hall.
Firth and Pond reformed under the name Firth, Pond & Company. Publishing of sheet music made up their core business, and the company played a key role in the popularizing of works by songwriters such as Stephen Foster and Dan Emmett. They preferred material from the minstrel shows to more serious fare, although the company did publish material such as Foster's non-blackface ballads and songs by Louis Moreau Gottschalk.
In the 1850s, demand steadily grew in the United States for guitars. Firth, Pond & Company offered the instruments under its imprint, advertising, "Guitars of Our Own Manufacture, of Superior Tone and Finish, in Lined Case, for $15 to $50". These were actually created by guitar makers such as C. F. Martin and James Ashborn. By 1855, Firth, Pond & Company sold $50,000 in pianos and $30,000 in guitars and other instruments; sheet music revenues were $70,000.
When Firth and Pond parted ways, the company split into Firth, Son & Company and William Pond & Company. Firth, Son & Company was acquired by Oliver Ditson & Co. in 1867. William Pond & Company ceased in 1917; its catalog was eventually acquired by Carl Fischer Music.
Notes
References
Emerson, Ken (1997). Doo-Dah! Stephen Foster and the Rise of American Popular Culture. Da Capo Press.
Gura, Philip F. (2003). C. F. Martin and Their Guitars, 1796–1873. The University of North Carolina Press.
Starr, S. Frederick (1995). Louis Moreau Gottschalk. University of Illinois Press.
Further reading
Lifetime-charts of the lives of Firth, Hall and Pond and the fates of their respective businesses, and their relations with the flute world.
Music publishing companies of the United States
Publishing companies established in 1847
1847 establishments in New York (state)
Stephen Foster
Kınık (Yukarı), Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Patricia "Trish" Adudu is a British freelance journalist and television presenter.
Career
In the 1990s Adudu was a regular contributor, reporter and presenter for BBC GLR 94.9fm. When the Talk Radio UK launched in 1995, they appeared on a number of shows across the schedule, usually contributing to discussion on sport.
Adudu was an original member of the Loose Women panel appearing from 1999 to 2002. They worked as a Media Teacher at Henley College in Coventry, before leaving in 2014. Since June 2014, Adudu has been presenting some weekend editions of Midlands Today.
They currently present the Weekday Afternoon programme from 14:00 - 18:00 on BBC CWR, the BBC Local Radio service for Coventry and Warwickshire.
Personal life
They have two sons and their parents are Jamaican and Nigerian immigrants.
References
External links
Trish at BBC Coventry & Warwickshire
1969 births
Living people
English people of Nigerian descent
English people of Jamaican descent
Television personalities from Bristol
Black British television personalities
English journalists
People educated at Barr's Hill School
Bamby Cars was a British-built marque of microcars produced in small numbers in Hull, England, in the early 1980s. Bambys were designed and built by Alan Evans, who manufactured a one-off replica of the Peel P50 which also served as a prototype for further production.
The Bamby featured a fibreglass body with left side gull-wing door. All Bamby cars were three-wheelers with the single wheel in the rear. Initial models were equipped with hand-started Minarelli engines, cable brakes and single headlamps. Improvements introduced included replacing the original engines with the type fitted by Yamaha to their Passola moped, using the main frame components as a subframe for attaching to the body of the car. Brakes were converted to hydraulic discs, but the single headlamp was retained until a further face-lift, from which time two headlights were fitted. At this time the gull-wing entry was deleted and a front-hinged door installed instead. Also introduced was a Suzuki engine, attached via a full chassis, in place of the previously used subframe. Like the Peel P50, there was no reverse gear. The new model was exhibited at the Ideal Home Exhibition of 1984, meeting with overall public approval, but few were made and the final Bamby left the factory within a few months.
Bamby Minimicro are 2/3rd scale replica microcars, there were two models in production, the Schmitt TG & the Schmitt KR. Bamyby Minimicro were built on a welded steel chassis and incorporated the steel framework on which the glassfibre body panels are attached. The canopy lifts as per the real Schmitt to allow access to the cabin which is fully upholstered and carpeted. The boot opens to reveal the engine bay and fuel tank. Power comes from a 49cc two stroke engines with centrifugal clutch and pull start, top speed is in the region of .
See also
Peel Engineering Company
References
A-Z of Cars 1945–1970. Michael Sedwick and Mark Gillies. Bay View Books 1993.
External links
BambyCars Ltd
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Microcars
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of England
Defunct companies of Kingston upon Hull
Cars introduced in 1984
The 1960 Giro d'Italia was the 43rd running of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tour races. The Giro started in Rome, on 19 May, with a stage and concluded in Milan, on 9 June, with a leg. A total of 140 riders from 14 teams entered the 21-stage race, which was won by Frenchman Jacques Anquetil of the Helyett team. The second and third places were taken by Italian Gastone Nencini and Luxembourgian Charly Gaul, respectively.
Teams
Fourteen teams were invited by the race organizers to participate in the 1960 edition of the Giro d'Italia. Each team sent a squad of ten riders, which meant that the race started with a peloton of 140 cyclists. From the riders that began the race, 97 made it to the finish in Florence.
The teams entering the race were:
Route and stages
The race route was revealed on 13 April 1960. The start of the race was moved to Rome to honor the Summer Olympics to be held in the city later that year. Before the race began in Rome, the organizers honored the race's first organizer , five-time Giro champion Fausto Coppi, and journalist , all of whom died before the race started in 1960. President Giovanni Gronchi officially opened the race.
Classification leadership
One jersey was worn during the 1960 Giro d'Italia. The leader of the general classification – calculated by adding the stage finish times of each rider – wore a pink jersey. This classification is the most important of the race, and its winner is considered as the winner of the Giro.
The mountains classification leader. The climbs were ranked in first and second categories. In this ranking, points were won by reaching the summit of a climb ahead of other cyclists. There were three categories of mountains. The first category awarded 80, 60, 40, 30, and 20 points, while the second distributed 60, 40, and 20 points. Although no jersey was awarded, there was also one classification for the teams, in which the teams were awarded points for their rider's performance during the stages.
Final standings
General classification
Mountains classification
Intermediate sprints classification
Team classification
References
Citations
1960
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
Giro d'Italia
José de Jesús García (born 22 June 1968) is a Mexican boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Mexican male boxers
Olympic boxers of Mexico
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Jerai may refer to:
Jerlun, Kedah
Jerlun, Perak
Jerlun (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Jerlun-Langkawi (federal constituency), formerly represented in the Dewan Rakyat (1974–95)
Jerlun-Kodiang (state constituency), formerly represented in the Kedah State Legislative Council (1959–74)
Jerlun-Langkawi (state constituency), formerly represented in the Kedah State Legislative Council (1974–95)
Iron–sulfur clusters (or iron–sulphur clusters in British spelling) are molecular ensembles of iron and sulfide. They are most often discussed in the context of the biological role for iron–sulfur proteins, which are pervasive. Many Fe–S clusters are known in the area of organometallic chemistry and as precursors to synthetic analogues of the biological clusters (see Figure). It is believed that the last universal common ancestor had many iron-sulfur clusters.
Organometallic clusters
Organometallic Fe–S clusters include the sulfido carbonyls with the formula Fe2S2(CO)6, H2Fe3S(CO)9, and Fe3S2(CO)9. Compounds are also known that incorporate cyclopentadienyl ligands, such as (C5H5)4Fe4S4.
Inorganic materials
Biological Fe–S clusters
Iron–sulfur clusters occur in many biological systems, often as components of electron transfer proteins. The ferredoxin proteins are the most common Fe–S clusters in nature. They feature either 2Fe–2S or 4Fe–4S centers. They occur in all branches of life.
Fe–S clusters can be classified according to their Fe:S stoichiometry [2Fe–2S], [4Fe–3S], [3Fe–4S], and [4Fe–4S]. The [4Fe–4S] clusters occur in two forms: normal ferredoxins and high potential iron proteins (HiPIP). Both adopt cuboidal structures, but they utilize different oxidation states. They are found in all forms of life.
The relevant redox couple in all Fe–S proteins is Fe(II)/Fe(III).
Many clusters have been synthesized in the laboratory with the formula [Fe4S4(SR)4]2−, which are known for many R substituents, and with many cations. Variations have been prepared including the incomplete cubanes [Fe3S4(SR)3]3−.
The Rieske proteins contain Fe–S clusters that coordinate as a 2Fe–2S structure and can be found in the membrane bound cytochrome bc1 complex III in the mitochondria of eukaryotes and bacteria. They are also a part of the proteins of the chloroplast such as the cytochrome b6f complex in photosynthetic organisms. These photosynthetic organisms include plants, green algae, and cyanobacteria, the bacterial precursor to chloroplasts. Both are part of the electron transport chain of their respective organisms which is a crucial step in the energy harvesting for many organisms.
In some instances Fe–S clusters are redox-inactive, but are proposed to have structural roles. Examples include endonuclease III and MutY.
See also
Bioinorganic chemistry
References
External links
Cluster chemistry
Iron compounds
Sulfur compounds
Koedfoltos parducka is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Travis Lamont Hawkins (born February 18, 1991) is a retired gridiron football defensive back and current youth football coach. They played college football for Delaware after transferring from Maryland. Hawkins was originally signed by the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2014, before being released in the preseason. They then played in 14 games for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL) in 2015, making 38 tackles and two interceptions.
In 2017, Hawkins was among the first five players signed to the Baltimore Brigade of the Arena Football League. They were placed on the league suspension list on March 17, before being signed by the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL on May 24. They were placed on the other league exempt list for the Brigade on June 8. They were released by the Alouettes on November 30, 2017.
After retiring from playing, Hawkins began working as a football coach at Northwest High School in Germantown, Maryland, being named the head varsity coach in 2021. Travis was falsely accused of assault, however, they are the victim in this incident. Travis has not discussed this matter with anyone outside of their legal counsel, and will allow the system to proceed without interference.
References
External links
CFL statistics
Montreal Alouettes bio
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football bio
https://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquiryDetail.jis?caseId=D06CR22006096&loc=23&detailLoc=ODYCRIM
1991 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
African-American players of Canadian football
American football defensive backs
Baltimore Brigade players
Canadian football defensive backs
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football players
Maryland Terrapins football players
Montreal Alouettes players
New England Patriots players
Toronto Argonauts players
Sportspeople from Rockville, Maryland
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Hessische Landesbahn (Hessian State Railway, HLB) is a regional transport company owned by the German state of Hesse, based in Frankfurt am Main. It provides bus and rail passenger transport services and, to a lesser extent, rail freight services in Hesse and across the state's borders through its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Company
The management of Hessische Landesbahn is supervised by Veit Salzmann. The districts and the State of Hesse are represented by four people on the Supervisory Board and the employees also have four seats on the Board.
Structure
Hessische Landesbahn GmbH operates as the holding company of three subsidiaries:
HLB Hessenbahn GmbH operates rail services;
HLB Hessenbus GmbH operates bus services;
HLB Basis AG provides the resources for the transport operators; it is a railway infrastructure company, it owns most of the vehicles operated and it operates vehicle workshops.
HLB Hessenbus and HLB Hessenbahn are 100 per cent owned subsidiary, HLB Basis is almost 85% owned by HLB, while the remaining shares are mostly owned by local authorities.
History
The company was founded in 1955 as a holding company of several non-government-owned railways in Hesse, which operated as an integrated railway company with its own rail infrastructure, stations, etc., as well as operations on this infrastructure.
In the course of the separation of infrastructure and operations in 2005, three of the four subsidiaries of HLB: the Frankfurt-Königsteiner Eisenbahn, the Butzbach-Licher Eisenbahn and the Kassel-Naumburger Eisenbahn were united under the holding company of the Frankfurt-Königsteiner Eisenbahn, since trading as HLB Basis, as the common infrastructure operator.
Train services
The subsidiaries of the Hessische Landesbahn operate 3.8 million train kilometres each year over 237.5 kilometres of line and 10.34 million vehicle kilometres each year over 1,013 km of bus route.
The main line of the HLB originally was the Königstein Railway between Königstein and Frankfurt-Höchst of the former Frankfurt-Königsteiner Eisenbahn (Frankfurt-Königstein Railway, FKE), known as the K-Bahn and part of the Frankfurter Verkehrsverbund (Frankfurt Transport Association, FVV).
In the 1990s, the HLB subsidiaries operated a number of local lines acquired from Deutsche Bahn in north and middle Hesse. Since 11 December 2005, HLB multiple units have operated on the Kahlgrund Railway from Hanau to Schöllkrippen in the Bavarian Spessart. Besides railways it operates buses and tram lines.
Since December 2010, HLB has also run on the main line Frankfurt–Gießen–Siegen/Marburg routes (RMV lines 98/99, the Main-Sieg-Express) and, since December 2011, it has operated Regionalbahn services on the RMV lines 45 and 52 on the Limburg–Gießen–Alsfeld–Fulda and the Fulda–Gersfeld routes.
Investments
HLB Basis AG has a 50% interest in Regionalbahn Kassel (RBK), with the remainder held by Kasseler Verkehrs-Gesellschaft (KVG). The KVG operates the Kassel–Waldkappel railway, which combines rail freight and tram traffic. The RBK, in turn, holds 49% of Regionaltram Betriebsgesellschaft, a joint venture with Deutsche Bahn, which, as RegioTram Kassel, operates tram-trains in the Kassel area.
Through other subsidiaries the HLB operates passenger transport services beyond the Hessian borders in four of the six neighbouring states:
in Rhineland-Palatinate, together with Westerwaldbahn GmbH, in vectus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH (HLB 74.9%),
in North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate, together with Westerwaldbahn GmbH and Kreisbahn Siegen-Wittgenstein, in HellertalBahn GmbH (HLB 33%),
in Lower Saxony and Thuringia, together with BeNEX, a subsidiary of the Hamburger Hochbahn, in Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft (HLB 50%),
in Thuringia, together with Erfurter Bahn (EB), in the Süd-Thüringen-Bahn GmbH (HLB 50%).
Fares
Hessische Landesbahn is a member of the Tarifverband der Bundeseigenen und Nichtbundeseigenen Eisenbahnen in Deutschland (Fare association of federally and non-federally owned railways in Germany). Tickets for travel on Deutsche Bahn trains can therefore also be used on HLB trains.
Lines
The following lines, using the numbering of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund are operated by the Hessische Landesbahn:
Notes
External links
Rollingstock list of HLB and at privat-bahn.de
Private railway companies of Germany
Companies based in Hesse
Transport in Hesse
Bayzak (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Sarykemer.
History
The district was formed on February 14 1938 under the name Sverdlovsk district. In 1995 it was renamed Bayzaksky. At the end of August 2021, explosions in a military unit occurred in this area, causing significant casualties; national mourning was declared.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Veronika Mavrikievna and Avdotya Nikitichna was a comic variety duet of actors Vadim Tonkov and Boris Vladimirov, who performed in the Soviet Union from 1971 to 1982.
For the first time this duet appeared on January 1, 1971 in the telecast 'Terem-Teremok'. In the story, two grandmothers brought their grandchildren to a tree, and themselves began to gossip on different topics.
The pop duo was a regular participant of the 'Little Blue Light' and humorous programs of those years, where they played short reprises and whole numbers. Galina Brezhneva personally invited Vladimirov and Tonkov to address the wives of government members at an informal concert.
Duet Veronika Mavrikievna and Avdotya Nikitichna traveled a lot with tours around the USSR, there were also trips to Afghanistan during the war of 1979/1989.
The duo broke up in 1982. The artists began to perform separately. But Boris Vladimirov did not live long after that. They died in 1988 at the age of 56 years. Their son Mikhail Vladimirov works in the Moscow Theater of Satire.
Vadim Tonkov died on January 27, 2001. They were buried in Moscow, at the Vagankovskoye Cemetery.
References
External links
Как Авдотья Никитична откусила нос любимой девушке
Старые русские бабки
Маврикиевна и Никитична: главные советские «бабушки»
Comedy television characters
Female characters in television
Russian comedy duos
Television characters introduced in 1971
Comedy theatre characters
Cross-dressing in television
Cross-dressing in theatre
Female characters in theatre
Fictional Soviet people
The 1967 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. It was contested over a single race, staged at the Lakeside Circuit in Queensland, Australia on 30 July 1967. The title, which was the eighth Australian Touring Car Championship, was won by Ian Geoghegan, driving a Ford Mustang.
Report
Qualifying consisted of three preliminary heats, based on engine capacity, with the fastest lap times from the heats setting the grid for the race. Norm Beechey qualified their Chevrolet Chevy II Nova on pole position, while Ian Geoghegan qualified second in their new Ford Mustang, which had only arrived at the circuit on the morning of the race. Greg Cusack qualified third in another Mustang ahead of the Morris Cooper Ss of Brian Foley and Peter Manton.
Beechey took the lead at the start of the race ahead of Geoghegan, with Jim McKeown moving into third from sixth place on the grid. Bob Jane's Mustang became jammed in top gear on lap 2, forcing them to retire. Beechey set a new lap record of 1:04.3 as they continued to build their lead, despite a minor clutch problem which meant that they had to make clutchless shifts.
By lap 35, Terry Allan and Paul Fahey had both retired and Foley had moved into third place, with Manton running five seconds behind. The complexion of the race changed on lap 40, when the left-rear tyre of Beechey's car blew and caused them to hit the fence. Geoghegan inherited the lead and held it for the final ten laps to secure their third Australian Touring Car Championship title. Foley and Manton finished in second and third, less than twenty seconds behind Geoghegan.
Results
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Statistics
Pole position: Norm Beechey, 1:03.4
Fastest lap: Norm Beechey, 1:03.3
Race distance: 50 laps, 120.70 km
Average speed: 132.34 km/h
References
External links
Alec Mildren film on the 1967 Australian Touring Car Championship
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Car Championship
Hugh Algernon Weddell (22 June 1819 – 22 July 1877) was a physician and botanist, specialising in South American flora.
Weddell was born at Birches House, Painswick near Gloucester, England but was raised in France and educated at the Lycée Henri IV, where they received a medical degree in 1841. They had also studied botany and became a respected member of the French botanical fraternity. While studying they accompanied Adrien-Henri de Jussieu (1797-1853) on numerous botanizing expeditions and they became a collaborator with Ernest Cosson (1819-1889) and Jacques Germain de Saint-Pierre (1815-1882) in the preparation of Flore des environs de Paris (1845). In 1843, they were invited to join the expedition of François Louis de la Porte, comte de Castelnau to South America, and they explored and collected botanical specimens on that continent for five years.
In May 1845, Weddell left the expedition which was then in Paraguay, and proceeded on a solitary journey which would take them into Peru and Bolivia. Before leaving Paris, they had been particularly instructed by the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle to undertake a thorough investigation of the Cinchona plant, or "fever bark" tree in its native habitat. Cinchona, the source of quinine, was of great commercial importance and Europeans had been investigating it for nearly two hundred years with the goal of cultivating it in regions far removed from the Andes mountains. Weddell explored a number of regions where the trees grew and identified no fewer than fifteen distinct species of the genus Cinchona (Rubiaceae). The seeds which they took back to Paris were germinated in the Jardin des Plantes, and the plants were used to establish Cinchona forests in Java and elsewhere in the East Indies.
In 1847 they married Manuela Bolognesi, a resident of Arequipa. By March 1848 they had returned to Paris, leaving their wife in South America.
In Paris, Weddell was given the post of assistant naturalist at the museum. They held this office until 1853. Weddell made a second trip to South America in 1851. They returned to France and died on 22 July 1877 in Poitiers, while caring for their father.
Honours
 They are commemorated in the names of a number of plants and animals, including the dusky-headed parakeet, Aratinga weddellii (Deville, 1851), the Andean plant Diplostephium weddellii S.F.Blake (Compositae), the South American plant genus of Weddellina Tul., and the catfish Anadoras weddellii (Castelnau 1855).
This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Wedd. when citing a botanical name.
Publications
Histoire naturelle des quinquinas (1849) - monograph describing the Cinchona plant
Additions à la flore de l'Amérique du Sud (1850) - which gives the history of their first trip to South America.
Voyage dans la Nord de la Bolivie (1853) - which describes their second trip to South America.
Chloris andina: essai d'une flore de la region alpine des Cordillères de l'Amérique du Sud (two volumes) (1855-1861) - it constitutes the sixth part of Francis de Castelnau's Expédition dans les parties centrals de l'Amérique du Sud (1850-1859).
References
Rare books from the Missouri Botanical Garden Library: Hugh Algernon Weddell
Botanists with author abbreviations
1819 births
1877 deaths
19th-century French botanists
Quinine
People from Painswick
Lycée Henri-IV alumni
Penal Servitude Act is a stock short title which was used in the United Kingdom for legislation relating to penal servitude. The abolition of penal servitude has rendered this short title obsolete in that country.
List
The Penal Servitude Act 1853 (16 & 17 Vict. c.99) (repealed by the Criminal Justice Act 1948, s.83(3) & Sch.10, Pt.I)
The Penal Servitude Act 1857 (20 & 21 Vict. c.3) (short title: 1896) Legislation.gov.uk
The Penal Servitude Act 1864 (27 & 28 Vict. c.47)
The Penal Servitude Act 1891 (54 & 55 Vict. c.69) (short title: 1896) Legislation.gov.uk
The Penal Servitude Act 1926 (16 & 17 Geo 5 c 58) (repealed by the Criminal Justice Act 1948, s.83(3) & Sch.10, Pt.I)
The Penal Servitude Acts 1853 to 1891 is the collective title of the Penal Servitude Act 1853, the Penal Servitude Act 1857, the Penal Servitude Act 1864 and the Penal Servitude Act 1891.
See also
List of short titles
References
Lists of legislation by short title and collective title
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1853
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1857
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1864
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1891
Penal labour
The following list includes notable people who were born or have lived in Hallowell, Maine.
Academics and writing
Gorham Dummer Abbott, clergyman, educator and author
Jacob Abbott, children's writer
Martha Ballard, colonial midwife; their diary inspired the Pulitzer Prize–winning novel A Midwife's Tale: The Life of Martha Ballard, Based on Them Diary, 1785–1812
George Baron, mathematician
Elias Bond, missionary and teacher
William H. Getchell, 19th-century photographer
Hall J. Kelley, settler and writer
Emma Huntington Nason (1845–1921), poet, author, and musical composer
Howard Parshley, zoologist
Thomas Sewall, doctor, writer and professor
Business and finance
Thomas Hamlin Hubbard, general, lawyer, philanthropist and financier
William Ladd, Ladd & Company founder
Samuel Vaughan Merrick, manufacturer
Thelma C. Swain, philanthropist
Benjamin Vaughan, political economist, merchant and doctor
Entertainment
Abbott Vaughn Meader, political humorist
Military
Amos Stoddard, US Army officer (American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812)
Music
Supply Belcher, composer, singer, and compiler of tune books
Politics and law
Hiram Belcher, US member of congress
Joseph R. Bodwell, 40th governor of Maine
Scott Cowger, state legislator
George Evans, US member of congress and senator
John Hubbard, 22nd governor of Maine
Dale McCormick, first openly gay member of the Maine state legislature
Patrick K. McGowan, state legislator, candidate for governor
Amos Nourse, doctor and US senator
John Otis, US member of congress
James L. Reid, state representative and Maine Superior Court Justice
Peleg Sprague, US federal judge
Sharon Treat, state representative for Maine's 79th District
Samuel Wells, 25th governor of Maine
Reuel Williams, US senator
Religion
George B. Cheever, abolitionist minister and writer
Sports
Charlie Waitt, first baseman for the St. Louis Brown Stockings, Chicago White Stockings, Baltimore Orioles, and Philadelphia Quakers
References
Hallowell, Maine
Hallowell
History of comedy may refer to:
The history of comedy
The History of Comedy, a CNN television program
Those interested in the ever expansive history of comedy, may also enjoy the comedy of history, one of societies the greatest accomplishments.
Professor Keryn Anne Williams is an Australian medical scientist who works in the field of ophthalmology. They were a Principal Research Fellow in the School of Medicine at Flinders University. Them research interests include clinical and experimetnal corneal transplantation, ocular inflammation, ocular immunology and eye banking.
Early life and education
Williams was born 5 September 1949. They graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Bachelor of Science with first class honours in 1971. In 1974, they completed their doctoral thesis, Immunochemical studies of human cell surface antigens, and flew to Britain on the day they submitted it. In England, they worked as a researcher at the University of Oxford with the Australian surgeon Peter Morris. Morris recommended them to their acquaintance Doug Coster, the first professor of ophthalmology at Flinders University, who hired them to work there as a research fellow in 1981. They retired in 2016 but has maintained several fellowships and memberships with various organisations.
Honours and achievements
Williams has had several notable achievements throughout their career.
They founded the Australian Corneal Graft Registry (ACGR) in 1985 and is currently the scientific director of the registry.
The registry is a database that collects information on human corneal transplants from Australian based eye banks to improve patient outcomes and clinical practice. The ACGR has collated information from more than 35,000 corneal graft procedures since its inception. The registry has been used as a model in several other countries when initiating their own corneal registeries, and the extensive data being used in comparative studies globally.
The report released by the ACGR in 2018 outlines a newer form of keratoplasty, known as Descemet's Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty which can reduce the occurrence of graft failure and reduce the timeframe to restoring vision outcomes.
Williams has provided expert commentary in the past on ophthalmological advances internationally, particularly on research suggesting that transplants may require gender separation, stating that "In Australia, we do not see—have never seen—an influence of gender matching or mismatching on corneal graft outcome,” indicating that this finding could be contributed to by the methodology used in the United Kingdom to match donors and patients.
In 2017, Williams was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) for "eminent service to medical science in the field of ophthalmology through the research and development of corneal transplantation, as an academic and mentor, and as a supporter of young women scientists".
Williams is currently an honorary Senior Principal Research Fellow with the South Australian Health & Medical Research Institute, an Elected Fellow with the Australian Academy Health & Medical Sciences since 2016, an Honorary Fellow with the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Ophthalmologists, and an Honorary Life Membership of the Transplantation Society of Australia and New Zealand.
Other achievements include:
1982 Co-founder of the Eye Bank of South Australia.
2009 MSc, Victoria University of Wellington.
2011 Professor, School of Medicine, Flinders University of South Australia.
2012 NHMRC "Ten of the Best".
Publications and patents
Williams has an extensive amount of citations, being involved in 168 publications between 1977 and 2019. Them research focuses on gene therapy of donor corneas to self produce protiens that assist in reducing transplant rejection in animal models.  They are also involved in anti-rejection drug development focusing on delivery of the genetically modified antibodies via eyedrops or a porous silicon biomaterial.
Selected publications include:
Williams, Keryn A.; Irani, Yazad D. (2016). "Gene Therapy and Gene Editing for the Corneal Dystrophies". Asia-Pacific Journal of Ophthalmology. 5 (4): 312–316. doi:10.1097/apo.0000000000000215. ISSN 2162-0989.
Williams, K A (1 May 2005). "Corneal graft rejection occurs despite Fas ligand expression and apoptosis of infiltrating cells". British Journal of Ophthalmology. 89 (5): 632–638. doi:10.1136/bjo.2003.040675. ISSN 0007-1161.
Williams, K. A.; Johnstone, E. W.; White, M. A.; Wong, H. C.; Coster, D. J. (1989-10). "Experimental fragmentary retinal transplantation in the rat". Transplantation Proceedings. 21 (5): 3773–3774. ISSN 0041-1345. PMID 2815275
Williams, K. A.; Brereton, H. M.; Farrall, A.; Standfield, S. D.; Taylor, S. D.; Kirk, L. A.; Coster, D. J. (2005-08). "Topically applied antibody fragments penetrate into the back of the rabbit eye". Eye. 19 (8): 910–913. doi:10.1038/sj.eye.6701669. ISSN 1476-5454.
Coster, D J; Williams, K A (2003-11). "Management of high-risk corneal grafts". Eye. 17 (8): 996–1002. doi:10.1038/sj.eye.6700634. ISSN 0950-222X.
Keane, Miriam; Williams, Keryn; Coster, Douglas (14 March 2012), "Penetrating keratoplasty versus deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty for treating keratoconus", Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Chichester, UK: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd, retrieved 7 April 2022
A comprehensive list of their work can be found at:
"Keryn Williams". SAHMRI.
Williams has also filed for several patents, a full list can be found at:
References
1949 births
Living people
Australian ophthalmologists
Women ophthalmologists
Companions of the Order of Australia
University of Melbourne alumni
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Health and Medical Sciences
Conejos County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,461. The county seat is the unincorporated community of Conejos.
Being 50.7% Hispanic in 2020, Conejos was Colorado's largest Hispanic-majority county.
History
The first European known to visit this area was Don Diego de Vargas in 1694, but they left behind no colonists. In 1708, Juan de Uribarri passed through searching for run-away Indian slaves.
Conejos County was one of the original 17 counties created by the General Assembly of the Territory of Colorado on 1861-11-01, although it was originally named Guadalupe County and renamed Conejos County a week later, on November 7. Its name coming from the Spanish word "conejo", meaning rabbit, for the large abundance of rabbits in the area. Also early in its existence, the county seat was moved from the town of Guadalupe to Conejos. The original boundaries of the county included a large portion of southwestern Colorado.
In 1874, most of the western and northern portions of the county were broken away to form parts of Hinsdale, La Plata and Rio Grande counties, and Conejos County achieved its modern borders in 1885 when its western half was taken to create Archuleta County.
Religious history
The community of Conejos is the location of the oldest church in Colorado, called Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish. This church was constructed in 1856. The first settlers into the area were from New Mexico, primarily from Abiquiu, San Juan de los Caballeros and Santa Cruz. As more people arrived, mission churches were set up and all had the records housed with Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish.
When the neighboring town of Antonito was built, the Theatines, priests from Spain, came into the area and built St. Augustine church in 1880 within Antonito. The church records from Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish are now housed at the church offices of Saint Augustine. Conejos is approximately a mile northwest of Antonito.
Presbyterians came into Conejos County in 1880 establishing churches in Antonito, Alamosa, Cenicero, Del Norte, Mogote, San Rafael, and Monte Vista. They also established schools in the area and had a large number of Hispanic converts. A jacal went up in 1854 in Guadalupe, now known as Conejos, which was the beginning of Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish.
There is also a large Mormon population within Conejos County. Settlers belonging to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) began settling in the towns of La Jara, Manassa and Sanford; each town currently has an LDS meetinghouse. Fox Creek, a village approximately 11 miles west of Antonito, is the newest community to have an LDS meetinghouse erected, although there had previously been a meetinghouse there. Fox Creek, however, does not have a predominantly Mormon population.
Genealogy
Records available for this area are marriage records, which are held by the county clerk. Divorce records are maintained by the clerk of the district court. Agencies that hold records for marriages and divorces from 1900 to 1939 are the Colorado State Archives and Denver Public Library Genealogy Department. Other records available are marriage records from 1871 and death records from 1877 to 1907. This also include land records from 1871, probate records from 1875, and court records from 1877. However, some records were lost due to a fire, but birth records for 1877-1907 are still preserved. Websites that will be of use when doing genealogical research are The Colorado Genealogical Society and Conejos County WW II Enlistments.
Amendment 64
When Colorado Amendment 64 was being voted into effect by Coloradans, Conejos County residents voted against approving the measure to legalize and regulate recreational Marijuana consumption and possession for those 21 or older; Conejos residents simultaneously voted for a Democratic president in the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections, making Conejos county the only Colorado county with the distinction of leaning liberal with the 2008 and 2012 presidential picks while leaning conservative with regard to marijuana policy.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Conejos County is in a broad high mountain valley in South Central Colorado. It has an area of approximately in . Roughly half the area is on the nearly level floor of the valley, where the average elevation is about . The western half of the county ranges from gently rolling to steep foothills with mountains that rise in elevation to about .
Conejos County is situated with the National Forest to the west and the Rio Grande to the east, along Colorado's southern border with the state of New Mexico. Only about 34 percent of Conejos County is privately owned with the other 66 percent being National Forest, Bureau of Land Management (BLM) or State owned lands.
Climate
In winter, the average temperature is 21.6 degrees Fahrenheit, and the average daily minimum temperature is 4 degrees. In summer, the average temperature is 61.4 degrees, and the average maximum temperature is 79.6 degrees.
Seventy-one percent of the annual precipitation falls in the months of April through September. Average seasonal snowfall is 28 inches. The average relative humidity in mid-afternoon in spring is less than 35 percent; during the rest of the year, it is about 45 percent. The percentage of possible sunshine is 77 in the summer and 73 in the winter.
Adjacent counties
Rio Grande County - north
Alamosa County - northeast
Costilla County - east
Taos County, New Mexico - southeast
Rio Arriba County, New Mexico - south
Archuleta County- west
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 285
State Highway 15
State Highway 17
State Highway 136
State Highway 142
State Highway 368
State Highway 371
National protected areas
Rio Grande National Forest
San Juan National Forest
South San Juan Wilderness
Rio Grande Natural Area
Historic trails and sites
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Pike's Stockade, which is a National Historic Landmark
Scenic trails and byways
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Los Caminos Antiguos Scenic & Historic Byway
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,400 people, 2,980 households, and 2,211 families residing in the county. The population density was 6 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,886 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 72.76% White, 0.21% Black or African American, 1.69% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 21.50% from other races, and 3.61% from two or more races. 58.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,980 households, out of which 38.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.30% were married couples living together, 12.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.80% were non-families. 23.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.33.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 32.10% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 20.80% from 45 to 64, and 15.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 98.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $24,744, and the median income for a family was $29,066. Males had a median income of $26,351 versus $20,200 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,050. About 18.60% of families and 23.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.20% of those under age 18 and 17.30% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Towns
Antonito
La Jara
Manassa
Romeo
Sanford
Census-designated places
Capulin
Conejos
Other communities
Bear Creek
Bountiful
Cañon
Carmel
Cenicero a.k.a. Lobatos
Elk Creek
Fox Creek
Guadalupe
Horca
La Florida
La Isla
Los Sauses a.k.a. Lasauses, Colorado
Las Mesitas
Mogote
Ortiz
Osier
Platoro
Richfield
Rincones
San Antonio
Sheep Creek
Notable people
Fred Haberlein - Muralist
Jack Dempsey - Famous boxer born in Manassa Colorado
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Guadalupe County, Colorado Territory
National Register of Historic Places listings in Conejos County, Colorado
References
External links
Conejos County Official Website
Conejos County Government
Colorado counties
San Luis Valley of Colorado
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1861
Balladyna may refer to:
Balladyna (drama), an 1834 tragedy by Juliusz Słowacki
Balladyna (album), a 1975 album by Tomasz Stańko
Balladyna (film), a 2009 thriller starring Faye Dunaway
Danna María García Osuna (born February 4, 1978) is a Colombian actor and model best known for playing main roles in telenovelas in Colombia, Mexico and the US.
Personal life
They have one child, born in July 2017, from their relationship with Spanish journalist Iván González. On 19 April 2020 they announced that they had tested positive for COVID-19.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
Colombian film actores
Colombian television actores
Colombian telenovela actores
People from Medellín
21st-century Colombian actores
20th-century Colombian actores
1978 births
Seyyed Ahmad Razavi (; 1906–1971) was an Iranian engineer and politician.
Early life and education
Razavi was born in 1906 in Kerman. Hailed from a landed upper-class family, their father headed Shaykhi community in Kerman. They were graduated from the French Lycée in Tehran, before they went to study mineral engineering in France.
Career
Razavi attended the founding meeting of Tudeh Party of Iran in 1941 and initially supported the party. They were a co-founder of the Engineers' Association, and its offshoot Iran Party. In 1946, they joined Democrat Party of Ahmad Qavam, and sided with its radical faction. The next year entered the 15th term of parliament representing their hometown Kerman, and became a well-known deputy after they boldly denounced the armed forces for "inefficiency, corruption, and political meddling".
In 1949, they were among founding members of the National Front. A staunch supporter of Mohammad Mosaddegh, they were elected to the 17th term of parliament as a senior Iran Party member, again from their hometown. During their tenure, they served as the deputy speaker, as well as the head of National Front's parliamentary group.
Exile and death
After the 1953 coup d'état they were arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment, however they were released and permitted to go to exile. They died in 1971.
References
1906 births
1971 deaths
People from Kerman
Democrat Party of Iran politicians
Iran Party politicians
National Front (Iran) MPs
Members of the 15th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 17th Iranian Majlis
Iranian expatriates in France
prisoners and detainees of Iran
ROKS Lee Jongmoo (SS-066) is the fifth ship of the Jang Bogo-class submarine of the Republic of Korea Navy, and was the fourth submarine to serve with the navy.  They are one of Jang Bogo-class submarines to be built in South Korea.
Development
At the end of the 1980s the South Korean navy started to improve its overall capability and began to operate more advanced vessels. South Korea purchased its first submarines, German U-209 class in its Type 1200 subvariant, ordered as the Jang Bogo class. These boats are generally similar to Turkey's six Atilay-class submarines, with German sensors and weapons.
The first order placed late in 1987 covered three boats, one to be completed in Germany and the other two in South Korea from German-supplied kits. There followed by two additional three-boat orders placed in October 1989 and January 1994 for boats of South Korean construction. The boats were commissioned from 1993 to 2001.
The older boats were upgraded, it is believed that the modernization included a hull stretch to the Type 1400 length, provision for tube-launched Harpoon missiles and the addition of a towed-array sonar.
Construction and career
ROKS Lee Jongmoo was built and launched on 17 May 1995 by Daewoo Shipbuilding. They were acquired by the navy on 30 August 1996 and be commissioned 31 August 1996.
RIMPAC 1998
9 July 1998, they alongside USS Pasadena and USS Columbus conducted exercises and patrols off Hawaii during RIMPAC 1998.
See also
Type 209 submarine
References
External links
Ships built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
Attack submarines
Jang Bogo-class submarines
1995 ships
The Mayor of Casterbridge: The Life and Death of a Man of Character is an 1886 novel by the English author Thomas Hardy. One of Hardy's Wessex novels, it is set in a fictional rural England with Casterbridge standing in for Dorchester in Dorset where the author spent their youth. It was first published as a weekly serialisation from January 1886.
The novel is considered to be one of Hardy's masterpieces, although it has been criticised for incorporating too many incidents, a consequence of the author trying to include something in every weekly published instalment.
Plot
At a country fair near Casterbridge in Wessex Michael Henchard, a 21-year-old hay-trusser, argues with their wife Susan. Drunk on rum-laced furmity they auction them off, along with their baby daughter Elizabeth-Jane, to Richard Newson, a passing sailor, for five guineas. Sober and remorseful the next day, they are too late to locate their family. They vow not to touch liquor again for 21 years.
Believing the auction to be legally binding, Susan lives as Newson's wife for 18 years. After Newson is lost at sea Susan, lacking any means of support, decides to seek out Henchard again, taking their daughter with them Susan has told Elizabeth-Jane little about Henchard, and the young woman knows only that they are a relation by marriage. Susan discovers that Henchard has become a very successful hay and grain merchant and Mayor of Casterbridge, known for their staunch sobriety. They have avoided explaining how they lost their wife, allowing people to assume they are a widower.
When the couple are reunited, Henchard proposes remarrying Susan after a sham courtship, this in their view being the simplest and most discreet way to remedy matters and to prevent Elizabeth-Jane learning of their disgrace. To do this, however, they are forced to break off an engagement with a woman named Lucetta Templeman, who had nursed them when they were ill.
Donald Farfrae, a young and energetic Scotsman passing through Casterbridge, helps Henchard by showing them how to salvage substandard grain they have bought. Henchard takes a liking to the man, persuades them not to emigrate, and hires them as their corn factor, rudely turning away a man named Jopp to whom they had already offered the job. Farfrae is extremely successful in the role, and increasingly outshines their employer. When they catch the eye of Elizabeth-Jane, Henchard dismisses them and Farfrae sets themselves up as an independent merchant. Farfrae conducts themselves with scrupulous honesty, but Henchard is so determined to ruin their rival that they make risky business decisions that prove disastrous.
Susan falls ill and dies shortly after the couple's remarriage, leaving Henchard a letter to be opened on the day of Elizabeth-Jane's wedding. Henchard reads the letter, which is not properly sealed, and learns that Elizabeth-Jane is not in fact their daughter, but Newson's – their Elizabeth-Jane having died as an infant. Henchard's new knowledge causes them to behave coldly towards the second Elizabeth-Jane.
Elizabeth-Jane accepts a position as companion to Lucetta, a newcomer, unaware that they had had a relationship with Henchard which resulted in their social ruin. Now wealthy after receiving an inheritance from their aunt, and learning that Henchard's wife had died, Lucetta has come to Casterbridge to marry him. However, on meeting Farfrae, they become attracted to him, and they to them
Henchard's financial difficulties persuade them that they should marry Lucetta quickly. But they are in love with Farfrae, and the couple run away one weekend to get married, not telling Henchard until after the fact. Henchard's credit collapses and they go bankrupt. Farfrae buys Henchard's old business and tries to help Henchard by employing them as a journeyman.
Lucetta asks Henchard to return their old love letters, and Henchard asks Jopp to take them to them Jopp, who still bears a grudge for having been cheated out of the position of factor, opens the letters and reads them out loud at an inn. Some of the townspeople publicly shame Henchard and Lucetta, creating effigies of them in a skimmington ride. Lucetta is so devastated by the spectacle that they collapse, has a miscarriage, and dies.
The next day, Newson – who it transpires was not lost at sea – arrives at Henchard's door asking about their daughter. Henchard, who has come to value their kindness to him, is afraid of losing their companionship and tells Newson they are dead. Newson leaves in sorrow. After 21 years, Henchard's vow of abstinence expires, and they start drinking again.
Eventually discovering that they have been lied to, Newson returns, and Henchard disappears rather than endure a confrontation. On the day of Elizabeth-Jane's wedding to Farfrae, Henchard comes back, timidly seeking a reconciliation. They rebuff him, and they depart for good. Later, regretting their coldness, they and Farfrae set out to find him. They arrive too late, and learn that they have died alone. They also find their last written statement: their dying wish is to be forgotten.
Principal characters
Michael Henchard: hay trusser who becomes Mayor of Casterbridge
Susan Henchard (Newson): wife of Henchard, sold to Newson
Richard Newson: sailor; purchases Susan and lives with them for many years as their de facto husband
Elizabeth-Jane: daughter of Susan by Henchard; dies as an infant
Elizabeth-Jane: daughter of Susan by Newson; marries Farfrae
Donald Farfrae: becomes Mayor of Casterbridge after Henchard; Scotsman
Lucetta Templeman (Le Sueur): native of Jersey who has an affair with Henchard; marries Farfrae
Joshua Jopp: sometime manager with a grudge against Henchard.
Setting and date
The book is one of Hardy's Wessex novels, and is set largely in the fictional town of Casterbridge, based on Dorchester in Dorset. The author intended Casterbridge to be an imaginative presentation of certain aspects of the town as they remembered it in the "dream" of their childhood.
Although the opening sentence of the novel states that the events described took place "before the nineteenth century had reached one-third of its span" the date of Hardy's own childhood places it rather later – in the mid-to-late 1840s.
First publication and early reception
Hardy started work on The Mayor of Casterbridge in the spring of 1884, after a three-year pause. They completed it in a little over a year, and it was first issued in weekly parts in January 1886, followed by full publication in May 1886. A reader for the publisher, Smith, Elder & Co. was not impressed and complained that the lack of gentry among the characters made it uninteresting. It was issued with a small print run of only 750 copies.
Hardy themselves felt that in their efforts to get an incident into almost every weekly instalment they had added events to the narrative somewhat too freely, resulting in over-elaboration. However, they were deeply affected, telling a friend that the novel was the only tragedy that made them weep while writing it.
Later appreciation
In their 2006 biography of Thomas Hardy, the author Claire Tomalin called the book a "masterpiece," a deeply imagined dramatic and poetic work, with a narrative on a grand scale and paced with extraordinary moments. They praised it as being built on the territory in which Hardy worked best, in which the rural landscape is drawn with a naturalist's eye and in which country people play out their lives between custom and education, work and ideas, and love of place and experience of change. Hardy's portrait of Henchard – "depressive, black-tempered, self-destructive, and also lovable as a child is lovable" – they considered one of their strongest achievements. They did concur with Hardy, however, in noting that they tried to pack in too many incidents.
Adaptations
Film and TV
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a silent film of 1921
Mayor Nair, a 1966 Indian Malayalam film
Daag, a 1973 Bollywood romantic drama film
Vichitra Jeevitham, a 1978 remake of Daag
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a 1978 seven-part serial for BBC TV
The Claim, a 2000 film set in the American West with events loosely based on the novel
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a 2003 British TV film
Radio
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a 1994 four-part dramatisation by Sally Hedges with David Calder as Michael Henchard, Jason Flemyng as Donald Farfrae, Janet Dale as Susan, Andrea Wray as Elizabeth-Jane, Sandra Berkin as Lucetta, Mary Wimbush as the Furmity-seller and John Nettles as Newson.
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a 2008 three-part radio play by Helen Edmundson for BBC Radio 4's Classic Serial slot.
Opera
The Mayor of Casterbridge, a 1951 opera by the young British composer Peter Tranchell, with a libretto by Tranchell and Peter Bentley. It received its first performance at that year's Cambridge Festival.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Spark Notes study guide
GradeSaver study guide
1886 British novels
Novels by Thomas Hardy
Culture in Dorchester, Dorset
English novels
Novels set in Dorset
British novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into television shows
Novels adapted into operas
Novels adapted into radio programs
Smith, Elder & Co books
The 2008 CIS football season began on August 23, 2008, and concluded with the 44th Vanier Cup national championship on November 22 at Ivor Wynne Stadium in Hamilton, Ontario, with the Laval Rouge et Or winning their fifth championship. Twenty-seven universities across Canada compete in CIS football, the highest level of amateur play in Canadian football, under the auspices of Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS).
Schedule
The regular-season schedule began early with a single Canada West Universities Athletic Association game in week one on Saturday, August 23, between the UBC Thunderbirds and the Simon Fraser Clan at Swangard Stadium in Burnaby. The Ontario University Athletics and remaining CWUAA teams got underway the following week during the Labour Day weekend and the Quebec and Atlantic conferences beginning their matches the week following that.
The regular-season concluded in Week 10 on the weekend of October 24/25 for all but the Ontario conference, who had concluded the previous week and held their conference quarter-finals. All conferences held their semi-finals the weekend of November 1/2, and conference championships the weekend of November 8/9. This year, the National Semi-Finals took place on November 16. The Calgary Dinos, the Hardy Trophy-winning Canada West team travelled to Quebec City to take on the Dunsmore Cup winning Laval Rouge-et-Or of the Quebec conference for the Uteck Bowl and the Atlantic conference's Saint Mary's Huskies Jewett Trophy winners visited the Western Ontario Mustangs, Ontario's Yates Cup winners, in London for the Mitchell Bowl. Finally the Bowl winners, Laval and Western, met for the Vanier Cup national championship on Saturday, November 22, in Hamilton, the day before the Canadian Football League's 96th Grey Cup in Montreal. Laval won the game 44-21 and became just the twelfth CIS team to finish a season undefeated.
2007 marked the first year that the Vanier Cup and Grey Cup were played on the same weekend but they both took place in Toronto's Rogers Centre as part of the 95th Grey Cup celebrations. Dating back to 1973, previous Vanier Cups had always been played the week following the Grey Cup.
Awards and records
Awards
Hec Crighton Trophy – Benoit Groulx, Laval
Presidents' Trophy – Thaine Carter, Queen's
Russ Jackson Award – David Hamilton, University of Toronto
J. P. Metras Trophy – Étienne Légaré, Laval
Peter Gorman Trophy – Jordan Verdone, Waterloo
All-Canadian Team
First Team
Offence
Benoit Groulx, QB, Laval
Michael Giffin, RB, Queen's
Jamall Lee, RB, Bishop's
Julian Feoli Gudino, WR, Laval
Scott Valberg, WR, Queen's
Erik Galas, IR, McGill
Gary Ross, IR, Mount Allison
Louis-David Gagne, C, Laval
Simeon Rottier, OT, Alberta
Steve Myddelton, OT, St. Francis Xavier
Vincent Turgeon, G, Laval
Luc Brodeur-Jourdain, G, Laval
Defence
Étienne Légaré, DT, Laval
Dedrick Sterling, DT, Queen's
Scott McCuaig, DE, British Columbia
Osie Ukwuoma, DE, Queen's
Thaine Carter, LB, Queen's
Andrea Bonaventura, LB, Calgary
Joash Gesse, LB, Montreal
Callan Exeter, FS, Mount Allison
Maxime Bérubé, DB, Laval
James Savoie, DB, Guelph
Hamid Mahmoudi, CB, Montreal
Jeff Zelinski, CB, Saint Mary's
Special Teams
Rob Maver, P, Guelph
Christopher Milo, K, Laval
Jim Allin, RET, Queen's
Second Team
Offence
Danny Brannagan, QB, Queen's
Matt Walter, RB, Calgary
James Green, RB, St. Francis Xavier
Jedd Gardner, WR, Guelph
Nathan Coehoorn, WR, Calgary
Mark Stinson, IR, Toronto
Alain Dorval, IR, Sherbrooke
Kurtis Stolth, C, Manitoba
Scott Evans, OT, Laurier
Bryan Jordan, OT, Saint Mary's
Hubert Buydens, G, Saskatchewan
Vincenzo De Civita, G, Queen's
Defence
Dan Schutte, DT, Saint Mary's
Don Oramasionwu, DT, Manitoba
Mathieu Brossard, DE, Montreal
Marc-Antoine Beaudoin-Cloutier, DE, Laval
John Surla, LB, Western
Henoc Muamba, LB, St. Francis Xavier
James Yurichuk, LB, Bishop's
Matthew Carapella, FS, Western
Corey McNair, DB, Western
Joel Lipinski, DB, Saint Mary's
Jon Krahenbil, CB, Saskatchewan
Anthony DesLauriers, CB, Simon Fraser
Special Teams
Hugh O'Neill, P, Alberta
Rob Maver, K, Guelph
Gary Ross, RET, Mount Allison
The Laval Rouge-et-Or had a record eight first team all-Canadians on offence, defence and special teams.
Career records
27 new top-ten achievements were added to the all-time career record books in 2008 including five new records as running back Daryl Stephenson completed their record career at Windsor and several passing/receiving records were set at McGill.
All-purpose touchdowns
Daryl Stephenson of Windsor completed their CIS career at eighth place all-time with 39 touchdowns.
Mike Giffin of Queen's is close behind tied for ninth with 37 but both are well behind Paul Brule's 1964–1967 record of 51.
Rushing yards
Daryl Stephenson set a new record of 5163 career rushing yards beating Dominic Zagari's 1991–1995 record of 4738.
Jamall Lee of Bishop's reached 4296 yards for fourth place all-time
Joseph Mroué set a mark of 3779 yards to take tenth place during their career at Montreal (2003–06) and Sherbrooke (2008).
Rushing touchdowns
Daryl Stephenson ended their career tied for sixth place with 36 rushing touchdowns behind Paul Brule's record of 49.
Jamall Lee reached eighth place with 35 rushing touchdowns so far since 2005.
Passing yards
Matt Connell of McGill set a new record of 10455 passing yards beating Ben Chapdelaine's 1997–2001 record of 9974.
Josh Sacobie of Ottawa ended up in third place overall with 9885 yards.
Teale Orban of Regina reached fourth place all-time with 9449.
Passing touchdowns
Josh Sacobie was unable to beat Chris Flynn's 1987–1990 all-time record of 87 but still managed to make second place with 79.
Teale Orban made third place with 76.
Matt Connell accomplished a tie for seventh overall with 63.
Dan Brannagan of Queen's tied the eighth overall mark of 62 passing touchdowns.
Passing attempts
Matt Connell set the new record of 1364 pass attempts as well in 2008 passing Greg Vavra's old record of 1200 set between 1979 and 1983.
Teale Orban finished just shy of second place with 1198.
Josh Sacobie made third place with 1111.
Passing completions
The passing completions record book was completely re-written in 2008 as three players beat Greg Vavra's 25-year-old record of 611.
Matt Connell finished in first place with 816 pass completions all-time.
Teale Orban made second place with 685.
Josh Sacobie's 637 completions puts them in third place overall.
Michael Faulds of Western makes it up to eighth place so far with 561 completions since 2005.
Receptions
Erik Galas of McGill helped with those pass completions by setting a new record of 194 receptions beating Andy Fantuz's mark of 189.
Chad Goldie was able to tie for sixth place all-time by catching 173 in their career at Regina.
Receiving touchdowns
Ivan Birungi finished their CIS career at second place all-time with 33 receiving touchdowns in their time split between Acadia and Ottawa missing Andy Fantuz's record of 41.
Scott Valberg of Queen's is tied for eighth with 23.
Interceptions
Matt Carapella of Western was able to steal a tie for second place in career interceptions with 21 missing Bob Coffin's 1970–1974 record of 24.
Field goals
Shawn McIsaac of UBC kicked up to fourth place in the career record book with 63 field goals behind all-time record holder Frank Jagas's 70 set between 1990 and 1994.
Results
Regular season standings
Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points
Teams in bold have earned playoff berths.
Top 10
Ranks in italics are teams not ranked in the top 10 poll but received votes.
NR = Not Ranked, received no votes.
Championships
The Vanier Cup is played between the champions of the Mitchell Bowl and the Uteck Bowl, the national semi-final games. In 2008, according to the rotating schedule, the winners of the Atlantic conference Loney Bowl meet the Ontario conference's Yates Cup champion for the Mitchell Bowl. The winners of the Canada West conference Hardy Trophy travel to the Dunsmore Cup Quebec championship team for the Uteck Bowl.
The Canada West play-offs start with the top four placed teams from the regular season, with the top placed team hosting the fourth place and the second place team hosting the third placed. The winners of those semi-finals then compete for the Hardy Cup championship who then travels to the Quebec champion for a national semi-final game.
The Quebec play-offs similarly play-off the top four placed teams with the Dunsmore Cup champions moving on to host the Uteck Bowl against the Canada West champions.
The Ontario conference started out with the top six placed teams from the regular season. The third placed team hosted the sixth place team and the fourth placed team hosted the team in fifth place. The winners then took on the top two placed teams in the conference semi-finals and the semi-final champions compete for the Yates Cup. According to the rotating CIS Bowl schedule, the Ontario champions, in 2008, host the Atlantic conference champions for the Mitchell Bowl national semi-final game.
In the Atlantic conference play-offs, the second place St. Francis Xavier X-Men defeated the third placed Mount Allison Mounties to move on to face the first place Saint Mary's Huskies at the Loney Bowl for the Jewett Trophy. Saint Mary's victory means that they then travel to the Ontario champion Western Ontario Mustangs to meet in the Mitchell Bowl.
The 2008 Uteck Bowl saw the number one ranked Laval Rouge-et-Or dominate the sixth-ranked Calgary Dinos with a 59 to 10 win. With the win, Laval continues their streak of winning all four Bowl games played at PEPS Stadium and hope to continue their record of being undefeated in all four previous appearances at the Vanier Cup.
At home at TD Waterhouse Stadium, the number three ranked Western Ontario Mustangs defeated the number five ranked Saint Mary's Huskies to win the Mitchell Bowl with a score of 28 to 12. Western lost in the 2007 Mitchell Bowl to Manitoba Bisons and last won a Vanier Cup in 1994.
Vanier Cup
The 44th Vanier Cup marked Western's 12th appearance at the Vanier, the most by any team. They also hold the record for the number of Vanier Cup wins with 6. It was Laval's fifth appearance at the Vanier during their ten-year history, having won each of their previous appearances. 2008 also marked the first Vanier Cup game to feature both a Quebec university and an Ontario university. Laval won the game 44-21 and gained their fifth championship since 1999 to become just the twelfth CIS team to finish a season undefeated.
Laval's victory completed their season without a single loss, the twelfth perfect season in Canadian university history, and puts them tied for second among Canadian universities with five Vanier Cups. Only Western has more with six national championships. It also marked Glen Constantin's fourth Vanier Cup victory as head coach, tying the record set by Calgary's Peter Connellan.
The attendance at Ivor Wynne was 13,873 with light snow and a temperature of . The attendance at the 2007 Vanier was 26,787 at the Roger's Centre during the 95th Grey Cup weekend. The 2006 Vanier Cup was sold-out with 12,567 in Saskatoon's Griffiths Stadium and the 2005 cup at Ivor Wynne had 16,827 spectators.
Though there were no bids by the deadline to host the 2009 Vanier Cup, Constantin said Laval does intend to do so. Canadian Interuniversity Sport intended to discuss the issue during its December 1–2 board meetings.
Scoring summary
First Quarter
Lav - FG Milo 33 12:25
Second Quarter
Lav - FG Milo 27 3:18
Lav - TD Hernandez-Sanchez 2 run (Milo kick) 7:17
Lav - TD Feoli Gudino 74 punt return (Milo kick) 8:50
UWO - TD Trevail 14 pass from Faulds (Wheeler kick) 11:36
Lav - TD Feoli Gudino 82 pass from Groulx (Milo kick) 12:27
Third Quarter
Lav - TD Bouvette 92 pass from Groulx (Milo kick) 4:05
UWO - TD Bellamy 23 pass from Faulds (Wheeler kick) 6:58
Lav - TD Levesque 63 rush (Milo kick) 12:01
Fourth Quarter
UWO - TD Riva 9 pass from Faulds (Wheeler kick) 0:17
Lav - FG Milo 37 11:50
Notes
Attendance: 13,873
Ted Morris Memorial Trophy (Most Outstanding Player): Julian Feoli Gudino (Laval)
Bruce Coulter Award (Most Outstanding Defensive Player): Marc-Antoine L. Fortin (Laval)
QB Benoit Groulx is the fourth CIS player to win both the Hec Crighton Trophy and Vanier Cup in the same season.
Western QB Michael Faulds set a Vanier record with 37 completions and their 65 attempts and 403 yards passing are a record in regulation time, beaten only by Brent Schneider of the Saskatchewan Huskies in overtime during the 1994 Vanier Cup.
Western has both the most Vanier Cup appearances (12) and wins (6).
Playoff bracket
Notes
U Sports football seasons
CIS football season
Alfonso the Chaste may refer to:
Alfonso II of Asturias (759-842)
Alfonso II of Aragon (1157–1196)
Olympic Star de Muyinga is a professional football club based in Muyinga, Burundi. The team currently plays in the Burundi Ligue A, the top division of Burundi football.
History
It was founded in 1997 in the city of Muyinga and played for the first time in the top-flight of the Burundian football in 2005, after the introduction of the sixteen-team format. A year earlier, they had created a sensation by reaching the final of the Coupe de l'Unité, lost against Muzinga (0–3).
Relegated at the end of the 2009 season, Olympic returned to the top tier, winning Group B of the Second Division in the 2013–14 season.
The club managed to win the Burundi Cup in the 2016–17 season, beating Le Messager Ngozi FC in the final 2–1 in extra time, with a goal by Slim Saidi in the 98 minute.
The first appearance in an international tournament was in the 2018 season of the CAF Confederation Cup. There they faced in the preliminary round the Burkinabé club Étoile Filante, and after a 0–0 draw in the 1st leg, they won 1–0 at Ouagadougou in 2nd leg, qualifying in the first round where they were eliminated by Al-Hilal Al-Ubayyid from Sudan, 0–0 at Urukundo Stadium in Ngozi and 0–6 at El Obeid.
Current Team
Performance in CAF competitions
References
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Burundi
The Blacklist: Redemption is an American crime thriller television series that aired on NBC from February 23 to April 13, 2017. A spin-off from the NBC series The Blacklist, The Blacklist: Redemption stars Famke Janssen as Susan Scott "Scottie" Hargrave, president of Halcyon Aegis, a private military company with teams of corporate operatives, and Ryan Eggold as Tom Keen. Eggold appeared in The Blacklist and returned to it after completing their role in The Blacklist: Redemption. After an episode of The Blacklist served as a backdoor pilot, the new series was ordered by NBC in May 2016. NBC cancelled the series after one season on May 12, 2017.
Premise
The Blacklist: Redemption focuses on secret agent Tom Keen and their mother, Susan Hargrave, who runs Halcyon, a covert mercenary organization. While investigating cases, Tom learns that their father, Howard, is alive, which leads Tom to discoveries about their past and the rivalry between Susan and Howard, discoveries that force Tom to choose a side.
Cast
Main
Famke Janssen as Susan Scott "Scottie" Hargrave, head of Halcyon Aegis' Grey Matters branch, a covert mercenary organization.
Ryan Eggold as Tom Keen, Scottie's son, and a skilled secret agent.
Edi Gathegi as Matias Solomon, a mercenary.
Tawny Cypress as Nez Rowan, a mercenary.
Adrian Martinez as Dumont, a brilliant computer hacker.
Recurring
Terry O'Quinn as Howard Hargrave, founder of Halcyon Aegis, and Tom Keen's father.
Theodora Miranne as Kat Carlson, Scottie's personal assistant.
Dan Amboyer as Daniel / "Trevor", the much younger male prostitute Scottie visits, who eventually starts a relationship with Kat.
Additionally, The Blacklist stars Megan Boone and Harry Lennix made guest appearances during the season.
Production
Development
In March 2016, NBC began developing a spin-off series created by The Blacklist creator Jon Bokenkamp and showrunner John Eisendrath, who would both executive produce with John Davis and John Fox, the rest of their team from the original series. The project stars Famke Janssen as Susan "Scottie" Hargrave and Ryan Eggold reprising their role as Tom Keen, and was conceived to highlight a similar dynamic between Scottie and Tom to what Raymond "Red" Reddington (James Spader) has to Liz Keen (Megan Boone) on The Blacklist. Additionally, Janssen first appeared in the role in The Blacklist episode "Susan Hargrave" in May, with the following episode, "Alexander Kirk", serving as a backdoor pilot for the potential series. The new series, named The Blacklist: Redemption, was ordered on May 14. In October, David Amann was named the series' showrunner and executive producer. On May 12, 2017, NBC canceled the series after one season and Eggold returned to their role on The Blacklist.
Casting
The cast of The Blacklist: Redemption included Famke Janssen as Susan Hargrave, Ryan Eggold as Tom Keen, Edi Gathegi as Matias Solomon, reprising their Blacklist role, and Tawny Cypress as Nez Rowan, who was introduced on The Blacklist before appearing in the spin-off. Adrian Martinez was added in a recurring role as computer hacker Dumont, after previously guest-starring on The Blacklist.
Terry O'Quinn was cast as Howard Hargrave, Tom's father, in a recurring role. Additional recurring characters in the series include Theodora Miranne as Kat Carlson, and Dan Amboyer as Daniel / "Trevor". Boone and Harry Lennix reprised their Blacklist roles as Elizabeth Keen and Harold Cooper, respectively, in the series.
Episodes
Reception
The Blacklist: Redemption has a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 60% based on five reviews, and an average rating of 7/10. In their review of the first episode, Sonia Saraiya of Variety wrote that they did not find the charisma of the series' three main actors to equal that of The Blacklists James Spader, while Jodi Walker of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the season was a satisfying foundation on which to create what they hoped would be better seasons.
Ratings
References
External links
2010s American crime drama television series
2017 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
American action television series
American television spin-offs
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows filmed in New York (state)
Redemption
Kevin J. McGee is a Republican member of the Mississippi House of Representatives from Brandon, Mississippi.
References
Living people
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
Mississippi Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Toki Tori 2 is a puzzle platform game, developed by Dutch video game development company Two Tribes. It is the sequel to the 2001 game Toki Tori. The game was originally announced in December 2011 with an intended release for Spring 2012 for Steam and iOS devices (and was later announced as a Wii U game), but the game was pushed back due to longer than expected development times. The game was released on April 4, 2013 for Wii U and on July 11, 2013 on Steam for Windows and for Mac OS X.
On September 12, 2013, an updated version called Toki Tori 2+ was released for the Wii U, adding new music and puzzles. Toki Tori 2+ made its Linux debut with Humble Bundle X launched on January 3, 2014. The game was later released in Japan and published by Rainy Frog on September 3, 2014. Toki Tori 2+ launched for the Nintendo Switch on February 23, 2018.
Gameplay
The gameplay in Toki Tori 2 is very different compared to its predecessor, the main difference being the absence of items for Toki Tori to use. These are replaced by two skills that Toki Tori has during the game that are used to manipulate the environment and the creatures within it, the first one being Whistle which generally causes creatures to move closer to Toki Tori as well as being used to whistle songs that perform various actions. The other ability available to Toki Tori is Stomp. Stomp generally scares creatures into moving away from Toki Tori as well as breaking some parts of the environment. There are also other elements that make up the game, for example if Toki Tori walks into water their feathers will become wet which can then be used for other tasks such as walking through cut grass while wet will cause it to grow so it can be used.
The game also features various features that are new to the series, one of these features being the Tokidex. The Tokidex is one of the collectables in the game, as the game is played the player can use a song to bring up the camera which is controlled via the Wii U controller (or through the keyboard on the computer version). This camera is then used to take pictures of the creatures that appear in the world, the player is rewarded for collecting pictures of every creature in the game.
Development
Before the game was announced it was hinted at numerous times by Two Tribes, the main example of this was a QR Code that could be found in the Windows/Mac port of Edge which led to a countdown timer, when this countdown timer ended it changed to show a picture of a buried Toki Tori skeleton with a hole in the ground next to it. After the countdown ended, Toki Tori 2 was announced shortly after.
When the game was announced was when work was started on the game and at this point Two Tribes invited fans to become part of the development process by providing access to an alpha build of the game through Steam, this started off as a concept art viewer but as new features for the game were created they were implemented into the alpha, such as the level editor. Two Tribes also implemented an input recording function in the alpha which allowed them to ask players to complete tasks or levels in the alpha and then send their recording to Two Tribes for it to be used to improve the game as well as fix bugs.
The level editor for the Wii U was cancelled due to lower than anticipated sales and various technical difficulties.
On October 22, 2013, Two Tribes announced that the planned iOS version was cancelled.
On February 16, 2018, Toki Tori 2+ appeared for pre-order on the Nintendo Switch eShop without prior announcements, and officially launching for the platform seven days later in North America, Europe, and Australia. Two Tribes claims it is the definite version of the game, and runs at 1080p in TV Mode and 720p in Handheld Mode and 60 fps and comes with new secrets, HD Rumble, and video capture support. The pre-order came with an introductory price (9.99 $ instead of 14.99 $).
Reception
Toki Tori 2 received positive reviews. IGN praised the game for its exploration, graphics and subtle controls meanwhile criticising the game for its slow pace and lack of action. Joystiq also praised the game for explorative and non hand holding nature, beautiful artwork and brain-bending puzzles. Nintendo World Report praised the game for its vibrant game play.
References
External links
2013 video games
Cancelled iOS games
Linux games
Metroidvania games
MacOS games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
Puzzle video games
Video games with Steam Workshop support
Video games about birds
Video games developed in the Netherlands
Video game sequels
Video games with 2.5D graphics
Wii U eShop games
Windows games
Single-player video games
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in the U.S. state of Rhode Island enjoy the same legal rights as non-LGBT people. Rhode Island established two types of major relationship recognition for same-sex couples, starting with civil unions on July 1, 2011, and then on August 1, 2013 with same-sex marriage. Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity is outlawed in the state in the areas of employment, housing and public accommodations. In addition, conversion therapy on minors has been banned since 2017.
Rhode Island is frequently referred to as one of the United States' most LGBT-friendly states. Opinion polls have shown that a large majority of Rhode Islanders support same-sex marriage and LGBT rights. 2017 polling from the Public Religion Research Institute showed that 78% of Rhode Island respondents supported same-sex marriage.
History and legality of same-sex sexual activity
In 1647, then the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, male sodomy was made a capital offense. The law was reworded in 1663 and 1729, but the death penalty remained. No prosecutions are known to have occurred. In 1798, the state again reworded the law, lightening the penalty for a first offense, reading that any person convicted of sodomy shall "be carried to the gallows in a cart, and set upon the said gallows, for a space of time not exceeding four hours, and thence to the common gaol, there to be confined for a term not exceeding three years, and shall be grievously fined at the discretion of the Court". A second offense would result in death. The death penalty was removed as a penalty in 1844; punishment was set at 1 to 12 years' imprisonment. This was raised to 7 to 20 years' imprisonment in 1881.
The first recorded sodomy case occurred in 1962; in State v. Milne, the Rhode Island Supreme Court held that fellatio (oral sex) constituted an "abominable and detestable crime against nature". In 1973, the Commission on Jurisprudence of the Future recommended amending state law to remove the sodomy provisions, but this was rejected by the Rhode Island General Assembly. In State v. Levitt in 1977, the state Supreme Court rejected arguments that the sodomy law was unconstitutionally vague, and in 1980 in State v. Santos rejected claims that the law was a breach of privacy rights. In State v. McParlin in 1980, the court held that cunnilingus was also a violation of the sodomy statute. The Supreme Court again upheld the law as constitutional in 1995 in State v. Lopes. At that time, the law applied to consensual and non-consensual acts, whether between heterosexual or homosexual partners, and whether conducted in private or public.
Same-sex sexual acts between consenting adults in private have been legal in Rhode Island since anti-sodomy statutes were repealed in 1998. State Representative Edith Ajello sponsored the repeal bill for the seventh time when the Rhode Island House of Representatives passed it in May 1998. After the Rhode Island Senate passed it on June 2, 1998, Governor Lincoln Almond signed it into law.
In November 2019, Governor Gina Raimondo signed a bill into law whereby LGBT veterans who received an dishonorable discharge under Don't Ask, Don't Tell can have that discharge changed, and ensures that those veterans have access to veteran benefits.
Recognition of same-sex relationships
Rhode Island legalized same-sex marriage on August 1, 2013. On February 20, 2007, Attorney General Patrick C. Lynch issued an opinion holding that same-sex marriages performed in Massachusetts would be recognized in Rhode Island. They said that "his interpretation permitted recognition of the marriages, although they acknowledged that it was just an opinion and did not have the force of law." On May 14, 2012, Governor Lincoln Chafee issued an executive order directing state agencies to treat same-sex marriages performed out-of-state as the equivalent of marriage. On September 21, 2012, the state's Division of Taxation, ruling in an estate tax case, announced it would treat couples in same-sex marriages or civil unions established in other jurisdictions as legally married, basing its decision on the state's civil union law and the state's tradition of recognizing marriages validly performed elsewhere.
Rhode Island has provided benefits to same-sex partners of state employees since 2001.
A bill to legalize same-sex marriage was introduced in the Rhode Island General Assembly on January 11, 2011. Governor Lincoln Chafee announced their support. In May 2011, a bill to legalize civil unions for same-sex couples was introduced. It passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 62–11, and passed the Senate on June 29 by a vote of 21 to 16. Governor Chafee signed the legislation on July 2, 2011 and the law was made effective from July 1, 2011. By January 2013, only 68 couples had obtained civil union licenses.
Legislation establishing same-sex marriage in Rhode Island was enacted in May 2013, effective August 1. Since August 1, two persons who are parties to a civil union entered into before that date may convert their union into a marriage.
Adoption and parenting
The Rhode Island Family Court routinely grants same-sex adoptions and has been doing so since at least 1995. Couples need not reside in Rhode Island and may be adopting their own birth child, using a surrogate, or adopting a child already placed with them. A decree lists both partners as parents. After the adoption, the Rhode Island Department of Health, Division of Vital Statistics will amend the birth certificate of a child born in Rhode Island to name both partners as parents. A birth certificate issued in Rhode Island carries the names of both parents, including same-sex parents.
Lesbian couples have access to in vitro fertilization. State law recognizes the non-genetic, non-gestational mother as a legal parent to a child born via donor insemination. Surrogacy is neither prohibited nor expressly permitted in Rhode Island. Whether a surrogacy contract, gestational or traditional, will be recognized depends on the Rhode Island Family Court. Based on recent decisions from said court, the state may grant parentage declarations before birth to married couples, unmarried couples and individuals. Same-sex couples are treated in the same manner as opposite-sex couples.
In July 2020, the General Assembly amended state parentage laws to insure that unmarried couples and same-sex couples do not require going to court to obtain legal rights to their child. Governor Gina Raimondo, who signed the bill into law, said, "No parent should have to jump through hoops to receive legal recognition because of their sexual orientation or the circumstances of their child's birth. The Rhode Island Uniform Parentage Act enshrines into law our belief in the validity of all parths to parenthood." The law went into effect on January 1, 2021. Previously, the state required the non-biological mother in a lesbian couple to complete a traditional adoption process. The new law insures that the couple need not go to court or go through adoption home study, and the non-biological mother is automatically recognized as a legal parent, akin to the father in an opposite-sex couple. The state's child protective services agency expressed support for the new law, stating that the previous requirement of home study for same-sex couples having to adopt their own children was a "waste of the department's resources".
Discrimination protections
Rhode Island law has outlawed discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation since 1995 and on the basis of gender identity or expression since 2001 in employment, credit, housing and public accommodations.
In July 2021, two bills passed the Rhode Island General Assembly regarding "pay disclosure and discrimination" within employment and repealing the archaic 1995 "housing with 3 occupiers or fewer loophole exemptions" - based on an individual's sexual orientation and gender identity. The Governor of Rhode Island signed the two bills into law - becoming legally effective from January 1, 2023.
Moreover, the state's anti-bullying law prohibits bullying on the basis of race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, and mental, physical and sensory disability. The law also explicitly includes cyberbullying and harassment, and applies to all public schools.
Hate crime law
Rhode Island has a criminal statute covering hate crimes motivated by both sexual orientation and gender identity or expression. The law provides penalty enhancements for the commission of a crime motivated by the victim's actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity, among other categories.
Gay panic defense
In June 2018, a bill to repeal the gay and trans panic defense passed the Rhode Island General Assembly by a vote of 68–2 in the House and 27–0 in the Senate. Governor Gina Raimondo signed the bill into law a month later, and it went into effect immediately.
Conversion therapy
On January 27, 2017, state representatives Edith Ajello, Joseph McNamara, Susan Donovan, J. Aaron Regunberg and Moira Walsh introduced a bill (H 5277) to prohibit conversion therapy on minors and ban funding for such practices by the state and its political subdivisions. On May 24, the House Committee on Health, Education and Welfare recommended indefinite postponement of the original bill and passage of its substitute (H 5277 Substitute A). On May 30, the House approved the bill in a unanimous 69–0 vote, with six members not voting. In June 2017, the Rhode Island Senate passed the legislation by a unanimous vote of 29–0 with 1 absent from the chamber floor. The bill had to go back to the House due to a technical amendment, which was passed again unanimously 62–0. On July 19, 2017, Governor Gina Raimondo signed the bill into law and it went into effect immediately.
Transgender rights
Previously, the Rhode Island Department of Health only altered the gender designation on a person's birth certificate based on documentation of sex reassignment surgery. On October 23, 2014, new regulations took effect which established that modifying a birth certificate requires completing a "Birth Certificate Request Form" and submitting an affidavit from a physician, certified nurse practitioner or physician's assistant confirming the applicant's transgender status. The Department of Motor Vehicles will issue an updated driver's license with a corrected gender marker upon receipt of a completed "Gender Designation Form" signed by the applicant.
In June 2018, the Rhode Island General Assembly passed a bill to ensure that transgender people are correctly recorded on death certificates. The bill was later signed into law by Governor Gina Raimondo and went into effect immediately.
In August 2019, the Department of Health and the Department of Motor Vehicles announced that from July 2020 driver's licenses and birth certificates would include a third gender option (alongside "male" and "female"), known as "X".
Gender-neutral bathrooms
Effective since January 1, 2022 Rhode Island legally allows gender-neutral bathrooms for single occupancy toilets - under a bill the Governor of Rhode Island signed into law in July 2021. California, New York State, Illinois and New Mexico have similar laws implemented.
Public opinion
A 2017 Public Religion Research Institute poll found that 78% of Rhode Island residents supported same-sex marriage, while 17% were opposed and 5% were unsure.
Summary table
References
Rights
Rhode Island
Politics of Rhode Island
Rhode Island law
Nutritional epidemiology examines dietary and nutritional factors in relation to disease occurrence at a population level. Nutritional epidemiology is a relatively new field of medical research that studies the relationship between nutrition and health. It is a young discipline in epidemiology that is continuing to grow in relevance to present-day health concerns. Diet and physical activity are difficult to measure accurately, which may partly explain why nutrition has received less attention than other risk factors for disease in epidemiology. Nutritional epidemiology uses knowledge from nutritional science to aid in the understanding of human nutrition and the explanation of basic underlying mechanisms. Nutritional science information is also used in the development of nutritional epidemiological studies and interventions including clinical, case-control and cohort studies. Nutritional epidemiological methods have been developed to study the relationship between diet and disease. Findings from these studies impact public health as they guide the development of dietary recommendations including those tailored specifically for the prevention of certain diseases, conditions and cancers. It is argued by western researchers that nutritional epidemiology should be a core component in the training of all health and social service professions because of its increasing relevance and past successes in improving the health of the public worldwide. However, it is also argued that nutritional epidemiological studies yield unreliable findings as they rely on the role of diet in health and disease, which is known as an exposure that is susceptible to considerable measurement error.
History of nutritional epidemiology
Nutritional epidemiology started as a subdiscipline of epidemiology in the 1980s before advancing into a core disciple in epidemiology. It deals with the role nutritional exposures play in the occurrence of impaired health conditions. The assessment of these exposures and the investigation of the association between exposure and outcome form the core of nutritional epidemiology. It is through the understanding of how nutrients and vitamins affect deficiency and disease early in the twentieth century that nutritional epidemiology became better established. Later in the twentieth century it gained further significance when the role of exposure in chronic disease became well understood. Since then, the application of information from nutritional epidemiology has led to significant scientific and social breakthroughs. Epidemiological methods have been used for centuries to study the relationship between diet and disease, yet were not considered definitive. Advancements to the ways in which dietary exposures were measured gave rise to the reliability of data. The inclusion of genetic risk factors in models of causation have made nutritional epidemiology an increasingly interdisciplinary field.
Nutritional science
Nutritional science is a multidisciplinary study area concerned with the role of nutrition in health and disease across the human lifespan. Nutritional epidemiology and nutritional science are two fields that share knowledge about the interactions of nutrients, food consumption, and the human body. An understanding of the principles of nutritional sciences is required to understand nutritional epidemiology. The two fields explore diet-disease relationships to provide preventative measures for the public. Research in nutritional science also provides the basis for food regulations and dietary guidelines. Knowledge from Nutritional science has raised societal awareness about links between food consumption and wellbeing. Examples of some of the successes nutritional science has contributed to findings which include linking folate deficiency to a higher risk of neural tube defects, vitamin C deficiency to scurvy, consumption of trans fat to a higher risk of cardiovascular disease and linking consumption of fish during pregnancy to reduced risk of preterm birth. These occurrences continue to be discovered with increasing scientific information and evidence, leading to more opportunities for successful intervention and prevention.
Nutritional epidemiological studies
Nutritional epidemiological studies form the foundation for nutrition-related discoveries. The studies reveal the relationship between nutrition and health, with a focus on aetiology of chronic disease. They provide a comprehensive view of the way in which diet affects or maintains health and wellbeing in individuals and populations. A prominent controversy lies within the ability to reliably and accurately measure exposures as they are subject to measurement errors and variation. Nutritional epidemiological study designs are required to establish a definitive relationship between diet and disease to be able to develop interventions and policies that will be implemented for the health of the public. There are observational and experimental investigations which have applicable study designs that fall under them including ecological, cross-sectional, cohort, case control, clinical and community trails.
Investigators in experimental studies have the control of assigning exposures, whereas in observational studies exposures are observed only with no intervention. Experimental studies can therefore provide stronger evidence for the effect of exposure on outcome, which would otherwise be considered unethical in an observational study as exposure could be harmful. But Observational studies are simpler to carry out and more cost effective. Observational studies are able to detect rare or unusual findings over long periods of time (diet-related diseases develop over time) which would otherwise burden subjects and be expensive in Experimental studies. In nutritional epidemiology, Experimental studies may be used to draw causal conclusions between dietary exposures and health outcomes, however for some diet-disease relations there are ethical considerations. Nutritional policy and procedure decisions are therefore guided by findings from a combination of sources to ensure accuracy, reliability and validity.
The measure of exposure is dependent on the question and study design. It can be objectively or subjectively measured on individuals or populations in the past or present. In nutritional epidemiological studies this refers to factors such as food including nutrients and non-nutrients and the social environment. The effect of these exposures is measured as outcomes. In nutritional epidemiological the outcome is commonly referred to as the disease state or the anthropometric or physiological state under either continuous or discrete variables. The objective of nutritional epidemiological research is to provide scientific evidence to support an understanding of the role of nutrition on the causes and prevention of ill health. It is important to address the factors that affect food supply, including quality, quantity and balance and the factors that affect food after consumption. The development of a specific, feasible and relevant aim of study and target population is the first step in epidemiological research. The second step is the selection and correct use of a method that measures exposure and outcome followed by extensive analysis. Exposure and outcome of interest are measured to enable reliability of the relationship assessed. Studies that are well designed, have a strong foundation, detailed methodology and are governed by ethical principles will have the derived conclusions used to improve health care. All steps require knowledge of past and current literature.
The different nutritional epidemiological study designs offer advantages and limitations in different circumstances.
Ecological study
An ecological study is an observational study that studies risk-modifying factors on health outcomes of populations based on their geographical and/or temporal ecological state. Ecological studies are useful in studying patterns of disease in large populations however may not accurately reflect true associations between individuals within those large populations. Ecological studies use geographical information to examine spatial framework of disease and exposure but there is potential for systemic difference in classification language.
Cross-sectional study
A cross-sectional study is an observational-individual study that measures exposure and outcome in the present. In examining the relationship between disease and diet, cross sectional studies provide a snapshot of the frequency of disease in a population at a given point in time. Cross-sectional studies offer advantages such as the ability to measure multiple outcomes and exposures and, in the planning, and allocation of health resources as it assesses the burden of disease in a specified population. The measure of the outcome is however heavily reliant on population responses. Non-response results in responder bias and therefore unreliable results.
Case control study
A case-control study is an observational-individual study that is defined by the outcome (i.e. measures outcomes in the present and past exposure is established). It involves two groups controls and cases (diseased), both which have two treatments; exposed and unexposed. Case-control studies can be used to study diseases that are rare and over long periods of time however are limited to examining one outcome and are also susceptible to the effects of bias if selected control groups are no representative of the population, so give rise to misleading results.
Cohort study
A cohort study is an observational-individual study that measures exposure in the present over long periods of time and the outcome is determined in the future. Cohort studies allow for multiple outcomes to be measure per one exposure. In nutritional epidemiological studies it is advantageous in measuring outcomes that occur after exposure and can measure both incidence and prevalence. Cohort studies are however costly and time consuming. As outcome is determined in the future, any issues pertaining to the collection of information or confounders cannot be resolved back in time.
Clinical and community trails
Clinical and community trails are experimental studies that involve active intervention in either individuals (clinical) or populations (community). Clinical trials often involve test and procedures carried on subjects placed in different treatment groups. Clinical trials allow for the evaluation of new therapies, drugs and procedures. Clinical trials however risk subject to experience side effects and inadvertent harm from the intervention therefore should only be considered when supporting evidence is strong. Community trials involve assigning groups of individuals with and without disease to different interventions. This allows for larger scale findings however does not account for individual variability.
Social impact
The impact nutritional epidemiology had in the past has led to social, physical and economic changes. Nutritional epidemiological findings guide dietary recommendations including the prevention of certain disease and cancers. They play a role in policies on diet and health given the works are published based on grounding evidence. The observational findings allowed for health interventions such as the fortification of foods and limits/bans of certain substances from food. These implemented changes have since enhanced human health and wellbeing by means of prevention and improvement. Research suggest its impact specifically on cancer patients has been promising. The nutritional support to some provides relief of side effects, improves response to therapy and reduces the risk of cancer reoccurring, all of which enhance the quality of life for cancer patients. Progressive impacts have also been seen on a variety of infectious diseases, chronic disease, and congenital malformations, ultimately elevating the burden on the healthcare system and striving for optimal function.
Nutritional epidemiology is the scientific basis upon which public health nutrition is built. Nutritional epidemiology aims to deliver knowledge on how to cope with an imbalance between nutrients that causes illness such as anaemia, goitre wasting and stunting. The understanding of the characteristics of exposures require measurement to understand the diet–disease relationship. The ability to relate exposure to steps in the causal pathway improves the value of findings in relation to public health recommendations.
See also
Malnutrition
Nutrition and cognition
Nutrition and pregnancy
Nutritional anthropology
Epidemiology
Over-nutrition
References
Epidemiology
Nutritional science
Nutrition
Grant Leslie Smith (born 20 April 1971 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Australian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Australia
Field hockey players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Sportspeople from Canberra
Olympic medalists in field hockey
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
The PowerEdge (PE) line is Dell's server computer product line.
Most PowerEdge servers use the x86 architecture. The early exceptions to this, the PowerEdge 3250, PowerEdge 7150, and PowerEdge 7250, used Intel's Itanium processor, but Dell abandoned Itanium in 2005 after failing to find adoption in the marketplace. The partnership between Intel and Dell remained close, with Intel remaining the exclusive source of processors in Dell's servers until 2006. In May 2006 Dell announced that it also intended to develop servers using AMD Opteron processors.
The first Opteron-based PowerEdge systems, the PowerEdge 6950 and the PowerEdge SC1435, appeared in October 2006.
PowerEdge machines come configured as tower, rack-mounted, or blade servers. Dell uses a consistent chip-set across servers in the same generation regardless of packaging, allowing for a common set of drivers and system-images.
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and value-added resellers also offer solutions based on PowerEdge servers. Loaded with custom software and with minor cosmetic changes, Dell's servers form the underlying hardware in certain appliances from IronPort,
Google,
Exinda Networks, and Enterasys.
In 2007 the PowerEdge line accounted for approximately 15% of Dell's overall revenue from computer-hardware sales. In subsequent years Dell made the transition from a pure hardware vendor to a solutions-provider and services company, as evidenced, for example, by the acquisition of Perot Systems and KACE Networks and the setup of a special global services department within Dell.
PowerEdge RAID Controller
Dell uses the name PowerEdge RAID Controller (PERC) for proprietary versions of its RAID computer storage controllers. The related software in the PERC Fault Management Suite offered facilities such as the Background Patrol read, which aims to fix bad sectors on online RAID disks running under some of the PERC controllers around 2006.
These cards were equipped with hardware from LSI Corporation or Intel, 256 MBytes of memory (upgradeable on the 5/i to 512 MB), support up to 8x SATA 3.0 Gbit/s drives without the use of expanders. They had an optional Battery Backup Unit (BBU) to allow more flexible use of the memory during writes, enhancing performance in RAID5 and 6, and operate over the PCI Express interface.
Chassis systems
Although PowerEdge is mainly used to refer to servers there are a few systems where the term PowerEdge refers to systems of which servers are (just) a part. Examples of these usages are:
PowerEdge M1000e - the Dell blade-server system where the complete system uses the term PowerEdge, and M1000e refers to the chassis and the complete combination of components in them. The individual non-server components have also their own name in their 'own' family such as PowerConnect M-switches or EqualLogic blade-SAN.
PowerEdge VRTX - the converged system consisting of (up to) 4 PowerEdge M-blade servers, the built-in storage solution and the I/O networking module.
Model naming convention
Since the introduction of the generation 10 servers in 2007 Dell adopted a standardized method for naming their servers; the name of each server is represented by a letter followed by 3 digits. The letter indicates the type of server: R (for Rack-mountable) indicates a 19" rack-mountable server, M (for Modular) indicates a blade server, while T (for Tower) indicates a stand-alone server.
This letter is then followed by 3 digits:
The first digit refers to the number of CPU sockets in the system: 1 to 3 for one socket, 4 to 7 for two sockets, and 9 for four sockets. 8 can be either two or four sockets depending on generation and CPU maker
The second digit refers to the generation: 0 for Generation 10, 1 for Generation 11, and so on.
The third digit indicates the maker of the CPU: 0 for Intel or 5 for Advanced Micro Devices (AMD).
For example: The Dell PowerEdge M610 was a two-socket server of the 11th generation using an Intel CPU while the R605 was a two-socket AMD-based rack-server of the 10th generation.
Prior to the Generation 10 servers, the naming convention was as follows:
First digit – Height of the server in rack units
Second digit – Generation of server (up to 9th generation)
Third digit – Server type (5 for rack server, 0 for tower server, although tower servers could be outfitted with a rack chassis)
Fourth digit – Indicated whether blade or independent box (5 for blade, 0 for normal independent box)
Example 1: PowerEdge 2650 (
2 = 2U server,
6 = 6th generation,
5 = rack server,
0 = normal )
Example 2: PowerEdge 6950 (
6 = 4U server,
9 = 9th generation,
5 = rack server,
0 = normal )
Example 3: PowerEdge 2800 (
2 = [based on] 2U server 2850,
8 = 8th generation,
0 = tower server,
0 = normal )
Example 4: PowerEdge 1855 (
1 = 1U server,
8 = 8th generation,
5 = rack server,
5 = blade )
Most servers had a tower equivalent. For example, the PowerEdge 2800 was the tower equivalent of the 2850. The naming applies to the tower version too, but the tower version will usually be between 5U and 6U.
See also
List of Dell PowerEdge Servers
References
External links
Dell Server Documentation
Using a PowerEdge tower on its side in a rack
Review Dell PowerEdge R810
Review Dell PowerEdge R815
PowerEdge
Server hardware
PowerEdge
Cowboy diplomacy is a term used by critics to describe the resolution of international conflicts through brash risk-taking, intimidation, military deployment, or a combination of such tactics. It is criticized as stemming from an overly simple, dichotomous world view. Overtly provocative phraseology typically centralizes the message.
One of the earliest known applications of the term was in 1902, when it was used by the American press to describe U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policies. Roosevelt had at the time summarized their approach to international diplomacy as "Speak softly and carry a big stick", an adage that was engraved on a bronze plaque on Donald Rumsfeld's office desk in the Pentagon and has set the modern precedent.
The term has since also been applied to the presidential administrations of Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, and Donald Trump.
See also
Foreign policy of the United States
Criticism of U.S. foreign policy
Gunboat diplomacy
References
External links
Allen, Mike & Ratnesar, Romesh (July 9, 2006). "The End of Cowboy Diplomacy: Why George W. Bush's Grand Strategy for Remaking the World Had to Change". Time.
"Cowboy Diplomacy Is Not Dead Yet" by Jim Lobe
Froomkin, Dan (August 7, 2006). "This is Diplomacy?". The Washington Post.
Petroski, William "Richardson: Ditch cowboy diplomacy". Des Moines Register
Foreign policy doctrines
Presidency of George W. Bush
History of the foreign relations of the United States
1902 in international relations
Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt
EquaTerra was acquired by KPMG effective February 18, 2011. As a member of KPMG's network of member firms, EquaTerra continues to provide global sourcing advisory services in information technology (IT), finance and accounting (F&A), human resources (HR), supply chain management and other business processes.
History
EquaTerra was founded in 2003 by Mark Toon, Mark Hodges and David Karabinos. The firm worked with clients in 19 languages in over 60 countries.
In 2005, the firm acquired Insource Partners, a Dallas based information technology consulting firm.
In November 2006, EquaTerra announced the acquisition of Avanti Advisory, LLC, an outsourcing advisory firm founded in 2001 by Peter Iannone, past president of TPI.
In September 2007, EquaTerra acquired the largest European sourcing advisory firm, Morgan Chambers.
Created in 2005, EquaTerra Public Sector LLC was the entity under which EquaTerra's public sector practice operated.
In 2009, EquaTerra announced the formation of EquaSiis, a wholly owned company focused on market intelligence and improving operational performance through EquaSiis software and tools. EquaSiis offered sourcing and operational governance software – EquaSiis Enterprise and Workbench along with research and consulting services for outsourcing service providers.
Effective February 18, 2011, KPMG LLP (US), KPMG Holdings Limited (UK) and KPMG International acquired the business and subsidiaries of advisory firm EquaTerra Inc.
Rankings
In 2009 the Black Book of Outsourcing ranked EquaTerra as #1 Finance & Accounting Advisor, third ranked Full Service Sourcing Advisor, fourth ranked Business Process Outsourcing Advisor, ninth ranked IT Advisor, and eighth ranked HR advisor.
In both 2009 and 2010, The International Association of Outsourcing Professionals, (IAOP), ranked EquaTerra as #2 in their listings, IAOP World's Best Outsourcing Advisors.
References
External links
Official web site of the firm
KPMG
Companies based in Houston
International management consulting firms
American companies established in 2003
Consulting firms established in 2003
Management consulting firms of the United States
Privately held companies based in Texas
2003 establishments in Texas
Russell Irving (born 4 January 1964) is an English former professional footballer.
Biography
Born in Wallsend, Irving played for the Wallsend Boys Club, before joining Ipswich Town. They failed to make a first team appearance for the club, and joined Colchester United in 1984. After 50 league appearances, they signed for non-League Sudbury Town in 1986.
In 1987 Irving moved to New Plymouth, New Zealand to play for the New Plymouth Old Boys in the Central League. They returned to England in 1988. In 1989 Irving signed a one-year contract with Moturoa AFC, scoring 13 goals and helping the club gain promotion to the Central League First Division. In 1990 Irving returned to New Plymouth Old Boys, who had gained promotion to the New Zealand National League. Irving also represented the Taranaki provincial team in inter-regional tournaments of the time while living in New Zealand.
References
External links
Russell Irving at Colchester United Archive Database
1964 births
Sportspeople from Wallsend
Wallsend Boys Club players
English footballers
Ipswich Town F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Sudbury Town F.C. players
New Plymouth Rangers players
Moturoa AFC players
Living people
Association football forwards
Esperándote may refer to:
Esperándote (TV series), a 1985 Mexican telenovela
Esperándote (Tito Rojas song), 1995
Esperándote (Manuel Turizo song), 2017
The Chocó woodpecker (Veniliornis chocoensis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Colombia and Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss from deforestation.
Description
Adult woodpeckers are usually 15 to 16 cm long. They have an olive-colored head; adult and juvenile males have a red crown while adult females have a dusty-olive crown. A Chocó woodpecker has a brownish tail. It has green upperwings and cream and brown underwings.
The Chocó woodpecker's vocal cries include sharp pik notes, softer quip notes, wicka-wicka notes and a gentle rattle.
References
Chocó woodpecker
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Chocó woodpecker
Chocó woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Framework laws are laws that are more specific than constitutional provisions. They lay down general obligations and principles but leave to governing authorities the task of enacting the further legislation and other specific measures, as may be required.
References
Law by type
International law legal terminology
William Baxter ( – ) was an English-born American clergyman and author and second president of Arkansas College.
William Baxter was born on in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.
They came to the United States with their parents in 1828, was graduated from at Bethany College in 1845, entered the Christian (Disciple) church and preached in various places in Mississippi and Arkansas, until they became president of Arkansas College, in Fayetteville. During the American Civil War the college was destroyed. In 1863 they removed to Cincinnati and devoted themselves to preaching and literary work. They published a volume of poems in 1852, contributed largely to periodical literature, and has also aided in the preparation of several books, one of the most important being a large volume, The Loyal West in the Times of the Rebellion. Of their Pea Ridge and Prairie Grove, or Scenes and Incidents of the War in Arkansas, several editions were issued. Their "War Lyrics," appearing originally in Harper's Weekly, became widely known and were recited at mass meetings by Murdoch and other popular elocutionists. Their hymn "Let Me Go" appeared in many hymn-books and collections of sacred music.
William Baxter died on 11 February 1880 in New Castle, Pennsylvania.
References
Created via preloaddraft
Bethany College (West Virginia) alumni
1820 births
1880 deaths
Nakalipithecus nakayamai is an extinct species of great ape from Nakali, Kenya, from about 9.9–9.8 million years ago during the Late Miocene. It is known from a right jawbone with 3 molars and from 11 isolated teeth, and the specimen is presumed female as the teeth are similar in size to those of female gorillas and orangutans. Compared to other great apes, the canines are short, the enamel is thin, and the molars are flatter. Nakalipithecus seems to have inhabited a sclerophyllous woodland environment.
Taxonomy
Nakalipithecus was first described from a right jawbone, the holotype KNM-NA46400, and eleven isolated teeth excavated in 2005 by a team of Japanese and Kenyan researchers in mud flow deposits in the Nakali area of northern Kenya's former Rift Valley Province, hence the genus name Nakalipithecus ("Nakali ape"). The species name is in honour of the late Japanese geologist Katsuhiro Nakayama who worked on the expedition. The specimen dates to about 9.9–9.8 million years ago in the Late Miocene. The specimens are housed by the National Museums of Kenya. The holotype preserves all 3 lower molars, and the isolated teeth are: a left first incisor, a right first incisor, a right canine, a right third upper premolar, a left third upper premolar, a right left fourth upper premolar, a left fourth upper premolar, a right first upper molar, a right third upper molar, a left third upper molar, and a left fourth lower premolar.
It is debated if great apes evolved in Africa or Eurasia given the abundance of early fossil apes species in the latter and the paucity in the former, despite all modern great apes except the orangutan being known from Africa. The first Miocene African ape, Samburupithecus, was discovered in 1982. It is unclear how Nakalipithecus is related to other apes. It is possible these Late Miocene African apes were stem great apes closely related to the last common ancestor of all modern African apes, which existed about 9–8 million years ago.
Nakalipithecus and the 9 million year old Greek Ouranopithecus macedoniensis exhibit many similarities with each other, but Nakalipithecus has more basal (primitive) traits, which could indicate that it was the ancestor or closely related to the ancestor of Ouranopithecus. Ouranopithecus, in turn, is postulated to be closely related to australopithecines and the human line. This would show that apes evolved in Africa. However, evidence of common ancestry can also be interpreted as convergent evolution, with similar dental adaptations caused by inhabiting a similar environment, though Ouranopithecus seems to have consumed more hard objects than Nakalipithecus. A 2017 study on deciduous fourth premolars—deciduous teeth are less affected by environmental factors as they soon fall out and are replaced by permanent teeth—found that Nakalipithecus and later African apes (including australopithecines) shared more similarities with each other than to Eurasian apes, though drew no clear conclusion on the Nakalipithecus–Ouranopithecus relationship.
Nakalipithecus has also been proposed to have been the ancestor to the 8 million year old Chororapithecus, which possibly represents an early member of the gorilla line; if both of these are correct, then Nakalipithecus could potentially represent an early gorilla.
Anatomy
Nakalipithecus has an overall large size, with teeth similar in size to those of female gorillas and orangutans. The specimen is thus presumed female. The Samburupithecus specimen was also about the same size. Unlike other apes, the canines are short, and as long as they are wide—about in height and width respectively. For comparison, the left first incisor is . The premolars are elongated, and the protoconid (the cusp on the tongue side) of the third premolar is oriented more cheekwards, which is a distinguishing characteristic of Miocene African apes from Miocene Eurasian apes. Compared to African apes contemporary with Nakalipithecus, the tooth enamel on the molars is thinner, and the cusps (which project outward from the tooth) are less inflated, creating a wider basin. In the holotype, the first, second, and third molars are , , and , respectively. Like modern and some contemporary apes, but unlike earlier East African apes, the first molar is relatively large, with a first molar to second molar ratio of 85%. Like Ouranopithecus and early Sivapithecus (Sivapithecus is known from the Indian subcontinent), but unlike most contemporary and future apes, the third molar was much larger than the second, with a third molar to second molar ratio of 115%, though this ratio is smaller than that of the later Southeast Asian Khoratpithecus. The mandible is less robust (heavily built) than those of contemporary Eurasian Miocene apes, except for Ouranopithecus.
Palaeobiology
During the Late Miocene, East Africa, the Sahara, the Middle East, and Southern Europe all appear to have been predominantly seasonal sclerophyllous evergreen woodland environments. Nakali appears to have been dominated by C3 (forest) plants. Nakalipithecus is known from the Upper Beds, which comprise lakeside or riverine deposits. Climate change caused the expansion of grasslands in Africa from 10–7 milling years ago, likely fragmenting populations of forest-dwelling primates, leading to extinction.
Nakali has also yielded a black rhino specimen, the pig Nyanzachoerus, an antelope, the hippo Kenyapotamus, the rhino Kenyatherium, the giraffe Palaeotragus, the horse Hipparion, the elephants Deinotherium and (possibly) Choerolophodon, and the colobine monkey Microcolobus. The third premolar of a small nyanzapithecine ape was also found in Nakali, and Samburupithecus was nearly contemporaneous with Nakalipithecus, and was discovered to the north of Nakali.
See also
References
External links
Human Timeline (Interactive) – Smithsonian, National Museum of Natural History (August 2016).
"Mama, Is That You? Possible Ape Ancestor Found". Discovery News. Version of 2007-NOV-12. Retrieved 2007-NOV-13. Contains photo of fossil.
Miocene primates of Africa
Prehistoric apes
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Monotypic prehistoric primate genera
Prehistoric primate genera
Miocene mammals of Africa
Great Rift Valley
Basavana Bagewadi is a Municipality and Taluka in Vijayapura district in the state of Karnataka, India.
Demographics
India census, the town of Basavana Bagevadi had a population of 28,582. Males constitute 51% of the population and females 49%. Basavana Bagevadi had an average literacy rate of 53%, lower than the national average of 59.5%; with 61% of the males and 39% of females literate. 16% of the population was under 6 years of age.
Basavana Bagewadi is a town in Basavana Bagewadi Taluk, Bijapur District District, Karnataka State. Basavana Bagewadi is 44.4 km distance from its District Main City Bijapur . And 433 km distance from its State Main City Bangalore.
The Town Municipal Council (TMC) Basavana Bagewadi was constituted in 1973. It is situated along Bijapur - Bangalore National Highway No.13 at a distance of 42 km from Bijapur. Basavana Bagewadi town is a historic place where Shri Lord of Basavna was born, the birthplace call as "Basava Smarak" now comes under Kudal Sangam Authority department Basavana Bagewadi. It has a population of 28,526 as per census 2001. The TMC has 23 wards and equal number of councilors and 5 Numbers of Nominee Councilors. Basavana Bagewadi TMC stretches to an area of 10.30 km2.
Basavana Bagevadi Religion Data 2011
Population, 33,198
Hindu, 82.96%
Muslim, 15.90%
www.census2011.co.in
History
Basavana Bagewadi town is a historic place where Shri Lord of Basavanna (Basaveshwar) was born, the birthplace call as "Basava Smarak" now comes under Kudal Sangam Authority department Basavana Bagewadi.The Basaveshwar Temple is constructed in 11th century of Chalukya's rule.
Geography
The town of Basavana Bagewadi is in Basavana Bagewadi Taluka. The town of Basavana Bagewadi is situated along Bijapur–Bangalore National Highway No.13 at a distance of from Bijapur, and distance from the state capital of Bangalore.
There are 38 panchayat villages in Basavana Bagewadi Taluka:
Government
The Town Municipal Council (TMC) Basavana Bagewadi was constituted in 1973. The TMC has 23 wards and equal number of councilors and 5 Numbers of Nominee Councilors. Basavana Bagewadi TMC stretches to an area of 10.30 sq km. Kudagi super national thermal power project , Basavan Bagewadi road Railway Station .
In 1994 the town elected Patil Basanagoda Somanagouda, a representative of the Indian National Congress party.
In 2012 the town's MLA of India S.K. Bellubbi handed over 623 houses to flood victims.
History
Basavana Bagewadi town is claimed to be the birthplace of Basava, the philosopher of the Lingayat sect. The Basaveshwar Temple was constructed in the 11th century during the rule of the Chalukya dynasty.
See also
Basavakalyan
Bijapur
Sindagi
Chadchan
Kudalasangama
Bagalkot
Muddebihal
References
External links
Cities and towns in Bijapur district, Karnataka
Dayton Wings may refer to:
Dayton Ducks, a minor league baseball team, briefly known as the Dayton Wings from 1939 to 1940
Dayton Wings (basketball team), a professional basketball franchise based in Dayton, Ohio
Heasta, Heast, or the anglicised form Heaste, pron. /heɪst/, is a small settlement on the island of Skye, Scotland. It is located on the west coast of the island south of Broadford extending down to the north shore of Loch Eiseort, facing out to the Atlantic to the south west and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
Etymology
The etymology of the name Heaste is unclear. It is likely that the name is old Norse as are a great many local placenames, not Scottish Gaelic. The anglicised "Heaste" spelling may have been influenced by the English word ‘haste'. Suggested etymologies have included: one been based on a suggestion relating to the tidal island of Eilean Heast which lies just off-shore in the sea-loch Loch Eiseort. This has been compared to Icelandic hestur (nom.sg.) hest (acc.sg.) ‘'horse'' ( - perhaps an island where horses were confined.
Another suggestion is based on ON há- ‘high' or else heiðr ‘heather' + staðr ‘stead(ing)' which therefore would equate to either ‘high stead(ing)' or ‘heath stead(ing)' and which describes well the location of the old village which also extended onto higher heather moorland, above the present day extent of the modern houses.
Many Norse-based placenames of the Hebrides, the Highlands, Orkney and Shetland terminate in the element "-sta" sometime clipped to -st (in either spelling only or in spelling and in pronunciation to some degree). Examples are Carbost in Skye (clipped in anglicised spelling) and Garrabost in Lewis, but many retain the final schwa and may or may not retain the unclipped -{sta} spelling. This suggests an analysis as two words is warranted in contrast to the first of the above suggested etymologies.
Location
Heaste lies on the northern shore of the Atlantic sea-loch Loch Eiseort On the west coast of Skye.
The tidal island of Eilean Heast which lies just off-shore in Loch Eiseort, Eilean Heast can be reached at low tide with great difficulty as the access is extremely muddy. The island shelters the Heaste shore from the worst of the waves from the southwest inti the sea loch.
To the west of Heasta Beinn nan Càrn dominates the view and blocks the view of the Skye Cuillin mountains. The nearest inhabited settlements as the crow flies are Druim Fheàrna to the east, which is at the head of Loch Eishort and An t-Òrd. On the other side, the south side of Loch Eishort. Neither is directly accessible by road and a very long journey is required back up to the main road near Broadford and then round to the east and south.
The northern, the highest part of the township, at approximately 130 m altitude is one of the highest inhabited places in Skye and has views of the sea both to the east between Skye and the mainland and of the Atlantic to the west. To the east the Linne Shléibhteach and the mainland mountains of Knoydart including Beinn Sgritheall and Ladhar Bheinn can be seen. To the southwest, the Atlantic can be seen where the sea loch Loch Eishort opens out towards th Small Isles including the mountainous Island of Rùm. From just above the village, with difficulty the very top of the Sgurr of Eilean Eige can just be seen peeping above the hills of the
Sléibhte peninsula of Skye.
Employment economic activity and industry
Local industry includes:tourist accommodation; fishing out of Loch Eishort where there is a 'pontoon', a floating pier supported by buoyancy tanks; and crofting, keeping sheep and cattle. The Broadford Mackinnon Memorial Hospital and Sabhal Mór Ostaig are amongst the local providers of employment. There was a fish farm in Loch Eiseort which was worked from Heaste until the end of the 1990s when it was closed. This too provided local employment.
Flora, fauna and animal husbandry
Above the village, deer, golden eagles and buzzards and other birds of prey are to be seen. Occasionally otters and mink have been seen right in the village itself. Every year, in late spring and early summer, several cuckoos can be heard calling back and forth at the north end of the village. Other wildlife includes: slow worms, adders, rabbits, foxes, dragonflies, woodcocks, wrens, voles, mice, rats toads and frogs.
In some parts of the village, orchids blanket the ground, with bluebells visible in late spring. There are also patches of marsh marigolds (or ‘king-cups').
Cattle and sheep roam loose on the township common grazing. There is also a fank on the northern edge of Heasta too, just to the north of the northern edge of the village. There there is a cattle grid which marks the northern boundary of the village and which prevents livestock from entering the village down the road. There is also another cattle grid near the southern end of the Heasta road which similarly prevents entry by livestock. At the fank, sheep are sheared, livestock are rounded up and confined for medicinal treatment and in readiness for transport to market. Some residents keep hens or ducks, and one person has donkeys.
As well as working sheepdogs, the usual domestic pets are kept, including cats and pet dogs. As elsewhere, domestic cats threaten the bird life and eat rabbits and rodents; foxes and mink attack hens and ducks from time to time, and dogs are a concern regarding sheep.
Surrounding environment
Within the village though there are trees in the deep clefts by the streams. There are many waterfalls. The road from Heaste to the north towards Broadford rises high over the hills reaching its highest point at the Fireach nan Clach. Here deer can sometimes be seen.
From the viewpoint of the Fireach nan Clach looking northward, the mountains of Blà-Bheinn and Beinn na Caillich dominate the view to the west. To the north can be seen Broadford Bay and the Inner Sound between Skye and the mainland; the islands of Scalpaigh and Pabaigh in Broadford Bay and to the north east there are the Applecross Mountains (over which runs the highest road in Britain) and the Skye Bridge. To the east, hills block the view of the narrow but extremely navigable channel that separates Skye from the mainland.
From Heaste itself the Skye Cuillin mountains cannot be seen because Beinn nan Càrn blocks the westward view. An ascent of Beinn nan Càrn provides spectacular 360-degree views of the mainland mountains, the Cuillin on Skye and the Atlantic sea surrounding the small isles Eilean Rùm and Eilean Eige.
Cleared and abandoned neighbouring settlements
Across Loch Eishort, to the south east on its southern (north-facing) shore the ruins of an abandoned village, Mòrsaig, can be seen with binoculars. Mòrsaig was abandoned because according to some local informants the environment was too harsh - ‘it was cold'; certainly it may get less sun than Heaste because it is slightly shadowed by hills to the south when the sun is low.
To the west a difficult path westwards up and down towards the shore leads to the abandoned village of Boraraig with all its stone houses still standing. There is also another abandoned village further still to the west along the coast, Sùisinis. The inhabitants of these settlements were forced out of their homes during the Highland Clearances at the end of the 19th century.
Houses
Some inhabitants of these other neighbouring settlements moved to Heaste, thus swelling the population greatly by the early 20th century. Many houses in Heaste have been abandoned, some are those furthest away from the present day road on its west side; some ruins can be seen high up on the moor on the slope of Beinn nan Càrn.
In the 20th century many modern houses were built replacing the older stone ones, but at least one 19th century stone house remains; this was originally thatched and single-storey. The old village schoolhouse which was in use until the mid 20th century still stands, near the shore, in its own small stonewall enclosed garden. The schoolhouse is now used as holiday accommodation.
Heaste now contains only domestic residences and has no shops, offices, pub, post office or any such facilities, nor any current operating business premises as of 2019 aside from agricultural sheds.
People
Many of the residents grew up in the village and some of the oldest attended the Heaste school before it closed. There are a number of incomers from outside the local area; from elsewhere in Scotland, many from England and elsewhere. Heaste is typical of the wider local area around Broadford where number of residents have come from other parts of Scotland, from England and outside the UK.
Language
Typically for the area, English is the everyday language of the village for many, at least outside the home. A minority of the inhabitants of Heaste are native speakers of Scottish Gaelic but English is used even by the fluent Gaelic speakers frequently and almost always when outside the home. All Gaelic speakers are fluent in English. Some Gaelic speakers are very willing to speak the language even with learners they know. All Gaelic speakers speak the local dialect; currently there are no Gaelic speakers from other areas. The language can frequently be heard in certain situations in Broadford however, but not when strangers are present.
References
Populated places in the Isle of Skye
The Trois Saumons River (in French: Rivière Trois Saumons) is a tributary of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River where it flows to the southwest of the village of Saint-Jean-Port-Joli and to the north-east of the village of L'Islet-sur-Mer. The Trois-Saumons river water mill in Saint-Jean-Port-Joli is located upstream of route 132.
The Trois Saumons River flows through the municipalities of Saint-Aubert and Saint-Jean-Port-Joli, in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The Trois Saumons river takes its source from Trois Saumons lake (length: ; altitude: ), located in the municipality of Saint-Aubert. This recreational and tourist-oriented lake, with a significant density of chalets on its banks, is surrounded by forest. This head lake is located southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, south of the center of the village of Saint-Aubert and at northeast of the village center of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard. Trois Saumons Lake flows through its northeast end.
From its source, the Trois Saumons River flows over , divided into the following segments:
north-west, crossing the fifth rang East road in Saint-Aubert up to the Bélanger road;
towards the north-west, to the confluence of the Trois Saumons East River (coming from the east);
heading west, crossing rue Principale Ouest (and route du third rang west), to the limit between Saint-Aubert and Saint-Jean-Port-Joli;
northwesterly, up to highway 20;
heading west, crossing the railway line and cutting route 132, to its confluence.
At the end of its course, the Trois Saumons River flows onto the long shore (at low tide) in the Anse de Trois-Saumons, on the south shore of the middle estuary of the St. Laurent. This confluence is located north-east of the village of L'Islet-sur-Mer and to the south-west of the village of Saint-Jean-Port-Joli.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Trois Saumons was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
"Stay with Me" (sometimes subtitled "Everybody's Free") is the first single from Ironik's debut album No Point in Wasting Tears. The song peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart.
Song information
The song was written for their younger sister. There was a message in the lyrics for her; Ironik said "With all these people dying, if anything happens to me, there's a message in it for her." The track was produced by Alex James Sparks and samples lyrics of the song "Everybody's Free (To Feel Good)" by Quindon Tarver, which is a cover of the Rozalla hit "Everybody's Free". It also heavily samples the song "Written in the Stars" by Westlife, used as the main melody and for the chorus. Both samples are high-pitched. The single was released in both a one-track version and an enhanced 6-track CD, with 5 remixes of the song as well as the radio edit.
An acoustic version of the song was performed for Live Lounge on BBC Radio 1 and appears on the compilation Radio 1's Live Lounge - Volume 3.
In 2022, "Stay with Me" was sampled by British rapper ArrDee on their single "Come & Go", which reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart.
Chart performance
The single was released on 23 June 2008 for download and it entered the UK Singles Chart at number 13 before climbing to number six the week of its physical release. A week later, the song rose to its peak position of number five in the chart on 13 July 2008. On 20 July, it fell to number eight where it remained for two weeks.
In Ireland, the song reached its peak of number 10 in its first week (12 July 2008) and then fell one place to number 11 the next week. Later it peaked at number 8.
Music video
The video features Ironik in different scenes throughout London where bad events have happened. The main being their girlfriend who is in hospital and them visiting them They later visits them and sees their bed is empty. Fearing the worst, they turn to see them standing behind them in good health.  They are also seen in a church.
Track listing
UK CD single
"Stay with Me (Everybody's Free)" (Original Version)
UK Maxi-single
"Stay with Me (Everybody's Free)" (Radio Edit)
"Stay with Me" (Wiley/Chipmunk Remix)
"Stay with Me" (Agent X Remix) (Ironik/Chipmunk)
"Stay with Me" (Niteryders Remix)
"Stay with Me" (Rolla Remix)
"Stay with Me" (MySparks Edit)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2008 singles
Ironik songs
Songs written by Andreas Carlsson
Songs written by Ironik
Songs written by Nick Jarl
Songs written by Nigel Swanston
2008 songs
Asylum Records singles
Warner Records singles
John Woodcock may refer to:
Government
John Woodcock (magistrate) (born 1967), Italian prosecutor
John Woodcock (mayor) (d. 1409), mayor of London
John Woodcock (police officer) (1932–2012), British police officer
John A. Woodcock Jr. (born 1950), United States federal judge
John Woodcock, Baron Walney (born 1978), British politician
Others
John Woodcock (American football) (1954–1998), American football player
John Woodcock (cricket writer) (1926–2021), British cricket writer and journalist
John Woodcock (cyclist) (1903–?), Irish cyclist
John Woodcock (martyr) (1603–1646), English Franciscan martyr
Emiri (written: 笑里, 英美里, 絵美里 or えみり in hiragana) is a feminine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese actor and singer
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese violinist
, Japanese model
Fictional characters
, a character in the light novel series Haruhi Suzumiya
Japanese feminine given names
Limosella is a genus of flowering plants known as mudworts. These are annual, largely aquatic plants, found in muddy areas worldwide. Its phylogeny and biogeography are inferred from molecular data
Selected species:
Limosella acaulis - Owyhee mudwort
Limosella aquatica - water mudwort
Limosella australis - Welsh mudwort
Limosella capensis
Limosella inflata
Limosella longiflora
Limosella major
Limosella pubiflora - Chiricahua Mountain mudwort
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Scrophulariaceae
Scrophulariaceae genera
Gennady Kaskov () is a former Soviet ice dancer. With former partner Ilona Melnichenko, they are the 1987 World Junior champion, 1990 Skate America bronze medallist, and 1991 Winter Universiade champion.
Career
Originally from Odessa, Kaskov eventually moved to train in Moscow. They and their partner, Ilona Melnichenko, competed at the 1987 World Junior Championships at the Kitchener Memorial Auditorium Complex and won gold ahead of Oksana Grishuk / Alexandr Chichkov. As seniors, Melnichenko/Kaskov won gold twice at the Nebelhorn Trophy and bronze at the 1990 Skate America. After winning the 1991 Winter Universiade, the duo retired from competition.
Kaskov began coaching in Burnaby, British Columbia and then in Swan River, Manitoba. They worked at British Columbia's Centre of Excellence, the York Region Skating Academy, and Kitchener-Waterloo Skating Club, with their students including Kevin Reynolds, Matt McEwan, and Brandon Armstrong. In 2013, Kaskov began coaching at the New Hamburg Skating Club at the Wilmot Recreation Complex.
Kaskov is an International Technical Specialist for Canada.
Results
(with Melnichenko)
References
External links
Historical Results: Junior Worlds
World University Games Figure Skating Medalists
Navigation
Soviet male ice dancers
Canadian figure skating coaches
Living people
1970 births
Sportspeople from Odesa
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Soviet emigrants to Canada
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Universiade silver medalists for Canada
Competitors at the 1989 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1991 Winter Universiade
This article lists the winners and nominees for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work – Poetry. This award was first awarded in 2007 and since its conception, Nikki Giovanni holds the record for most wins in this category with three.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
2000s
2010s
2020s
Multiple wins and nominations
Wins
3 wins
Nikki Giovanni
Nominations
4 nominations
Nikki Giovanni
3 nominations
Derek Walcott
2 nominations
Camille T. Dungy
Major Jackson
Jamaal May
Carl Phillips
References
NAACP Image Awards
American literary awards
Mark Hunter Klein (born December 22, 1993, in Central City, Louisiana, United States) is an American blue-eyed soul and blues singer-songwriter, actor and member of The Boogie Kings, an American swamp pop band.
Biography
Klein began singing at the age of two. However, they are most notable for becoming the youngest member of the legendary 1950s supergroup, The Boogie Kings at the age of 10
Ned Theall, a Cajun trumpeter and member of The Boogie Kings became their mentor after Klein e-mailed them and became a member of the band. Klein is a multi-instrumentalist; playing guitar, mandolin, keyboards, drums, and Bass guitar.
Klein recorded "Sick and Tired " on The Boogie Kings' 2007 album, Never Go Away. Klein, Louisiana Hall of Famer Allen Wayne and Gregg Martinez were dubbed "The New Breed" by the current members of The Boogie Kings after becoming members in 2005.
Before they joined The Boogie Kings Klein recorded their first album, It's Just Me when they were 10 in 2004 and their second album, Blue Eyed Soul Patrol in 2006. When they were 6, they became a member of Louisiana Kids, an organization based in Louisiana for child singers and performers. At the age of seven, they became a member of Thunder-n-Lightnin, a duo consisting of Klein and Kayla Woodson, their singing partner. However, the group disbanded two years later.
Throughout their career, they have performed at bowl games, oprys, beauty pageants, larger festivals, nursing homes among other venues. They also work at Alexandria, LA NBC affiliate KALB as a promotions manager, host of local program "Down Home Louisiana," and has composed news themes for said station.
Klein cites their influences such as Elvis Presley, Wilson Pickett, and Ray Charles, among others. Klein is currently recording a third album, with songs Klein has mostly written himself. Released, will be the singles "The Kid Is Hot Tonight!" and "I've Done Everything For You".
Discography
Albums
Unreleased songs
"I Want to Thank You"
"New Orleans Medley"
"I Think I'm in Love"
"I Wanna Rock You"
Singles with The Boogie Kings
"Sick and Tired" on the album Never Go Away
Solo singles
"The Kid Is Hot Tonight!", 2008
"I've Done Everything for You", 2008
References
External links
Official website
Official website of The Boogie Kings
Mark Klein at BoySoloist.com
1993 births
American rock musicians
American rock guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American mandolinists
American multi-instrumentalists
The Boogie Kings members
American soul musicians
American child singers
American blues singers
American rock songwriters
American rock singers
American male child actors
21st-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from Louisiana
Living people
American keyboardists
American male singer-songwriters
People from Central, Louisiana
American rhythm and blues singers
21st-century American bass guitarists
Guitarists from Louisiana
21st-century American drummers
21st-century American male singers
Austrocidaria parora is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
Taxonomy
This species was described by Edward Meyrick in 1884 as Harpalyce parora. In 1886 Meyrick recognised that the genus name they had used for this species had been used previously and renamed the genus in which they placed this species as Probolaea. In 1898 George Hudson placed this species within the Asaphodes genus. In 1906 George Howes, discussing the species under the name Asaphodes parora, also illustrated it. In 1928 Hudson discussed and illustrated the species again under the name Asaphodes parora. In 1988 J. S. Dugdale placed this species within the genus Austrocidaria.
The lectotype specimen is held at the Natural History Museum, London.
Description
Hudson described this species in 1898 as follows:
It is regarded as being variable in colour.
Distribution
Austrocidaria parora is endemic to New Zealand. The lectotype specimen was collected at Riccarton Bush in Christchurch. This species has also been collected at Mount Ruapehu, Whanganui, Lake Horowhenua, Wellington, Greymouth, Mount Hutt, Central Otago, and Invercargill.
Behaviour and biology
Adults have been recorded as being on wing in January and February as well as in August and September. The larvae feed on Coprosma species.
References
External links
Image of lectotype specimen
Xanthorhoini
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1884
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Miriam Markel-Mosessohn (née Wierzbolowska; 1839–1920) was a Russian author and translator who wrote in Hebrew.
Biography
Markel-Mosessohn was born in Volkovyshki, in the Russian Empire (today, Vilkaviškis, Lithuania), the daughter of a wealthy Jewish merchant, Shimon Wierzbolowki, and their wife Ḥayyah. They had two brothers, Yosef and Shmuel, and a sister, Devorah; both the daughters and the sons of the family attended the local Jewish school, where they learned to read and write Hebrew; although they did not attend cheder – the traditional elementary school where young boys studied the chumash (the first five books of the Hebrew Bible) – their father hired a private tutor so that they could pursue their desire to study scripture.
In 1851, at the age of 12, they moved with their family to Suvalk (today, Suwałki, Poland), in the part of the empire known as Congress Poland, where they continued their Hebrew studies under the Hebraist Judah Loeb Paradiesthal. During their two and a half years of study under Paradiesthal they also instructed them in German and, to a lesser extent, French languages and literatures. When they left to take a position as a tutor in Warsaw, Markel-Mosessohn continued their Hebrew studies independently, shifting their focus from formal study of the language to intensive reading of whatever Hebrew works they could obtain; in this way they absorbed the products of the Jewish cultural revival then under way.
During the 1860s they began focusing their efforts on translation of works into Hebrew, and completed a Hebrew version of Ludwig Philippson's German-language historical novella Der Flüchtling aus Jerusalem (in manuscript).
They married Anshel Markel-Mosessohn (1844–1903), of Kovno (Kaunas, Lithuania), in 1863, when they were 24 and they 19. They and their husband corresponded in Hebrew and shared an interest in the Hebrew revival; they were supportive of their writing, as well as of their efforts to publish their work. They assisted them in their business dealings at points. The two remained married for forty years, until Anshel Markel-Mosessohn's death, in 1903; they never had children.
In 1869 they published the first volume of Ha-Yehudim be-Angliya, their elegant Hebrew translation of 's Die Juden und die Kreuzfahrer unter Richard Löwenherz, a historical work about the Jews in England in the era of the crusades, under Richard I ('the Lionheart'). The second volume was not published until 1895 (both volumes appeared in Warsaw). Poor health and financial problems were at least partially the cause for the long delay in them bringing the second volume to completion.
Over the course of their life Markel-Mosessohn corresponded with three prominent maskilim – their male colleagues in the Hebrew revival – Abraham Mapu, Judah Leib Gordon, and Moses Lilienblum. Mapu was the first fellow Hebrew writer with whom they initiated a correspondence, in 1861, writing to them in Hebrew and enclosing an original piece of writing. They responded appreciatively, complimenting the lucidity of their style and dubbing them a "maskelet", or enlightened woman. They exchanged a handful of letters over the next year or two, and also met briefly in person on two occasions, in 1861, and again in 1866 or 1867, both times at Mapu's home in Kovno.
Markel-Mosessohn wrote to Judah Leib Gordon for the first time in 1868, after they had completed a draft of the first part of Ha-Yehudim be-Angliya, their translation of Francolm's work. Gordon responded enthusiastically to the translation; they assisted them in finding a publisher, and contributed a laudatory preface to the published volume. Their correspondence spanned 20 years, and reflected a mutually supportive friendship, although they never met in person.
In 1875 Gordon dedicated to them their poem "Kotzo shel yud" (The tip of the [letter] yud), which evokes empathy for a modern-day woman trapped by oppressive strictures of Jewish law. Two years later they acknowledged the honor, while writing to them for moral support, at a time when their husband had been imprisoned in connection with questionable financial dealings.
During the 1870s Markel-Mosessohn became more involved than before in their husband's business affairs, and moved several times, at one point staying three years
in Danzig (Gdańsk, Poland), and finally settling in Vienna in 1881.
They renewed their correspondence with Gordon in 1887, when they had completed the second volume of their Hebrew translation of Francolm's Die Juden und die Kreuzfahrer unter Richard Löwenherz; they requested they write a few lines for the preface of their book, and they readily complied, as pleased with the second as they had been with the first volume.
In the spring of 1887, upon Gordon's urging, Markel-Mosessohn hesitantly agreed to become the Viennese correspondent for the Hebrew newspaper Ha-Melitz (The advocate), of which they were then editor. Between May and July 1887 they published four progressively more developed articles, the last two being, respectively, a report detailing the appearance of political anti-Semitism during the latest Hungarian elections in the village of Tiszaeszlár, where a blood libel had occurred five years before, in 1892; and a feuilleton about summer in Vienna, and Viennese Jewry more generally.
Note on sources
The sources cited by Waldstein/Rosenthal were: Kayserling, [Meyer], Die Jüdischen Frauen, Leipzig, 1879, p. 311; and Zeitlin, [William], Bibliotheca post-Mendelssohniana, [Leipzig, 1871/1895], p. 231.
References
Hebrew-language writers
Jewish women writers
19th-century women writers of the Russian Empire
19th-century writers of the Russian Empire
Translators from German
Translators to Hebrew
Lithuanian translators
Jews from the Russian Empire
Writers from Kaunas
1839 births
1920 deaths
19th-century Lithuanian women writers
19th-century Lithuanian writers
19th-century translators from the Russian Empire
Alan () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Alan, Republic of Buryatia, an ulu in the Khorinsky District of the Republic of Buryatia
Alan, Arsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Arsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Alan, Baltasinsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Baltasinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Alan, Mamadyshsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a village in Mamadyshsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
Alan, Tyulyachinsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, a selo in Tyulyachinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan
The FIL Literary Award in Romance Languages (previously Juan Rulfo Prize for Latin American and Caribbean Literature),
is awarded to writers of any genre of literature (poetry, novels, plays, short stories and literary essays), having as a means of artistic expression one of the Romance languages: Spanish, Catalan, Galician, French, Occitan, Italian, Romanian or Portuguese. Endowed with $150,000, it is given to a writer in recognition to all their work, making it one of the richest literary prizes in the world.
It was created in 1991 to acknowledge, in the beginning, writers of literature from Latin America or the Caribbean.
It is organized by Mexico's National Council for Culture and Arts, the University of Guadalajara, the government of the state of Jalisco, and the Fondo de Cultura Económica and is named in honor of writer Juan Rulfo, a native of Sayula, Jalisco. It is awarded during the Guadalajara International Book Fair (FIL).
The name "Juan Rulfo" is a registered trademark and the Rulfo family asked that it be removed from association with the prize. As a result, beginning in 2006, the award was renamed FIL Literary Award in Romance Languages.
Prize winners
References
External links
FIL Literary Award in Romance Languages
Latin American literary awards
Mexican literary awards
Awards established in 1991
1991 establishments in Mexico
Literary awards honoring lifetime achievement
The Battle of Derventa was a battle between the Holy Roman Empire and Ottoman Empire on 5 September 1688. It ended in a Holy Roman Empire victory.
Background
The allied Christian forces had won a great victory at Mohács in August 1687, as revenge from 1526. It resulted in Central Hungary being liberated, except for a few castles. The Ottomans were forced to retreat to the other side of the Sava River. As for the next year, the Habsburg military council choose to liberate the important stronghold of Belgrade (Nándorfehérvár) that stood between the Száva and the Danube rivers.
Battle
While the main army led by the Maximilian II Emmanuel marched against the castle, Count Louis of Baden joined forces with the Croatian army of Bán (Duke) Erdődy II Miklós and they were marching along the Száva River. The Transylvanian army, the troops of Colonel Lorenz von Hoffkirchen and Erdődy's 4,000 strong force all joined him.
In the meantime, Pasha Sziavusz of Bosnia either tried to destroy the crossing places over the Una River or reinforce the fords, but it proved to be useless to stop Louis of Baden who forced their army through the river near Kosztajnica on 13 August. Pasha Sziavusz decided to withdraw their troops so Kosztajnica fell to the Christians on the next day. Dubica was also taken and Gradiska fell on 21 August.
The troops of the Count continued their advance on the southern bank of the Száva (Sava) River. They reached Brod on 28 August and the Count had the town reinforced and turned it into a strong bridgehead in order to guard their supply lines. During this time, the units of Pasha Sziavusz were at a camp in Derventa. Louis of Baden decided to make a sneak attack. The Pasha didn't want to miss the opportunity and they ordered their scouting cavalrymen to approach the Christian camp. The Count left behind the supply wagons and their infantry and then set out against the Ottoman Empire in nighttime of 5 September. However, they were surprised to find out that the Pasha had 15,000 soldiers and not just 7,000. The Ottoman army stood on higher ground.
The Count had to decide whether to attack or retreat but the latter would have been a dangerous move and they didn't like retreating, anyway. They made a quick decision and assaulted the enemy from March, in spite of being badly outnumbered. They had taken their cavalry through a pass before their vanguard was immediately ambushed by some Ottoman cavalrymen. As the Imperial troops were tired due the night march, they were slowly steamrolled by the Ottomans. In the decisive moment, the unit of Major General Count Friedrich Magnus zu Castell appeared on the battlefield and attacked the enemy in the side. The Ottoman cavalry fled and the Imperials began to chase them at once and ran headlong into the Janissaries.
Many Janissary troops were slaughtered. There were 5,000 of them killed and 2,000 were taken prisoner. The Holy Roman Empire forces on the other hand only suffered 200 casualties.
Aftermath
After the victory, Count Louis of Baden returned to Brod where the reinforcements sent by Maximilian Emanuel arrived too. The Count decided to go on and take Zvornik town but the crossing places of the Drina River had been blocked by the Pasha. Despite this, the Count broke through these blockades and marched into the town abandoned by the Pasha, on 25 September. As for him, these most successful fights have been ended for this year and Count Louis of Baden returned to Vienna.
References
Battles of the Great Turkish War
Battles involving the Holy Roman Empire
Battles involving the Ottoman Empire
Conflicts in 1688
Songs from the Stars is a novel by Norman Spinrad published in 1980.
Plot summary
Songs from the Stars is a novel in which Clear Blue Lou and Sunshine Sue help manage the society of Aquaria, the only human civilization that survived a nuclear war.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews states "Debates on communications and karma ensue. Gassy."
Tom Easton reviewed Songs from the Stars for Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, and commented that "I enjoyed Songs, and I believe it should be read widely. Spinrad has split human life into technophilia and technophia, and effectively dramatized the necessity of reconciling the two if anyone is to have a life of freedom and comfort."
Greg Costikyan reviewed Songs from the Stars in Ares Magazine #8 and commented that "Whatever dialectical disagreements one may have with Spinrad's themes, Songs from the Stars shows once again that they are an extremely powerful writer – among the best science fiction has to offer."
Reviews
Review by Algis Budrys (1981) in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, January 1981
Review by Tom Staicar (1981) in Amazing Stories, January 1981
Review by Theodore Sturgeon (1981) in Rod Serling's The Twilight Zone Magazine, June 1981
Review by Paul Kincaid (1981) in Vector 103
References
1980 American novels
American science fiction novels
Simon & Schuster books
Lars Olov "Lasse" Bengtsson (born 22 December 1951) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter. They have been the presenter of shows such as Nyhetsmorgon Lördag ("Newsmorning Saturday"), TV4 News, Misstänkt ("Suspected"), and they also are a reporter for the Swedish broadcasts of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Career
Bengtsson has worked for Sveriges Radio, TV4 and Viasat. Their first journalist work was for a local radio station in Malmfätet during the miners strike there. After that they worked for Sveriges Radio; amongst the shows they appeared on was Dagens Eko ("Today's Eccho), and they were also a foreign correspondent, news-presenter, reporter and producer for the same show. In 1991 they started working for TV4 when they presented the news morning show Nyhetsmorgon Lördag, and TV4 News. One of their first jobs for TV4 was travelling to Bosnia to report on the Bosnian war and the refugees there. They also conducted the first televised interview with Mattias Flink in March 2009, about fifteen years after Flink committed mass murder.
Bengtsson became the presenter of the show Misstänkt ("Suspected") which had its premiere on 2 April 2009. The show was a crime show with a journalist angle. Bengtsson left TV4 on 1 September 2010 and started working as the information coordinator for the Swedish Afghanistan committee in Kabul. In August 2014 they returned to Sveriges Radio where they presented P4 Extra, substituting for Lotta Bromé at times. In their first show on P4 Extra they interviewed the skier Charlotte Kalla.
In 2016, they were a reporter for Viasat's broadcasting of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. They made a report from a favela called Cidade de Deus.
References
External links
Living people
1951 births
Swedish journalists
People from Sollentuna Municipality
Kosmos 521 ( meaning Cosmos 521), also known as DS-P1-M No.4 is a satellite which was intended for use as a target for tests of anti-satellite weapons. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1972 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme, and was to have been used as a target for an IS-A interceptor, as part of the Istrebitel Sputnikov programme. A malfunction aboard the satellite rendered it useless, and the interceptor was not launched.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-3M carrier rocket, from Site 132/2 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. The launch occurred at 20:18:59 UTC on 29 September 1972.
Kosmos 521 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 65.8 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 104.9 minutes. No attempt to intercept the satellite was made after its onboard telemetry system malfunctioned. As of 2009, it is still in orbit. Western analysts did not identify Kosmos 521 as being associated with the Soviet ASAT programme until records were declassified.
Kosmos 521 was the last of the five original DS-P1-M satellites to be launched, of which all but the first were successfully reached orbit. Despite its successful launch, the satellite malfunctioned shortly after reaching orbit, and was unusable. Subsequent launches used a modified version of the DS-P1-M, known as Lira.
See also
1972 in spaceflight
References
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1972
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
This is a list of viceroys in British Honduras and Belize from the start of British settlement in the area until the colony's independence in 1981. Until 1862, the territory was under the vice-regency of the Governor of Jamaica, and administered by a Superintendent. After this it was a colony in its own right, and administered by a Lieutenant Governor, still subordinate to Jamaica. In 1884, the colony gained its own governor, independent of Jamaica.
In 1973 the colony's name was changed to Belize and in 1981 it gained independence. For a list of viceroys after independence, see Governor-General of Belize.
Superintendents of British Honduras (1749–1862)
Robert Hodgson, Sr., 1749–1758
Richard Jones, 1758–1760
Joseph Otway, 1760–1767
Robert Hodgson, Jr., 1767–1775
John Ferguson, 1776
James Lawrie, 1776–10 March 1787
Edward Marcus Despard, 1787 – June 1790
Lt Gen Peter Hunter (acting), June 1790 – March 1791
Thomas Potts (chief magistrate), March 1791 - January 1797
Thomas Barrow, January 1797 – 1800, first time
Richard Basset, 1800–1802
Thomas Barrow, January 1803 – 1805, second time
Gabriel Gordon, 1805–1806
Alexander Mark Kerr Hamilton, 1806–1809
John Nugent Smyth, 1809–1814
Sir George Arthur, 1814–1822
Allan Hampden Pye, 1822–1823
Edward Codd, 1823–1829
Alexander MacDonald, 1829–1830, first time
Sir Francis Cockburn, 1830–1837
Alexander MacDonald, 1837–1843, second time
Charles St. John Fancourt, 1843–1851
Sir Philip Edmond Wodehouse, 1851–1854
Sir William Stevenson, 1854–1857
Frederick Seymour, 1857–1862
Lieutenant Governors of British Honduras (1862–1884)
In 1862, the territory became a crown colony, and was subsequently administered by a Lieutenant Governor, subordinate to the Governor of Jamaica.
Frederick Seymour, 1862–1864, continued
John Gardiner Austin, 1864–1867
Sir James Robert Longden, 1867–1870
Sir William Wellington Cairns, 1870–1874
Sir Robert Miller Mundy, 1874–1877
Sir Frederick Palgrave Barlee, 1877–1883
Col Sir Robert William Harley, 13 May 1883 – 1884
Governors of British Honduras (1884–1973)
In 1884, the colony was severed from its dependency to Jamaica and gained its own Governor.
Sir Roger Tuckfield Goldsworthy, 1884–1891
Sir Cornelius Alfred Moloney, 1891–1897
Sir David Wilson, 1897–1904
Sir Ernest Bickham Sweet-Escott, 15 April 1904 – 1906
Sir Eric John Eagles Swayne, 13 August 1906 – 9 May 1913
Sir Wilfred Collet 19 May 1913 – January 1918
William Hart-Bennett, 29 January 1918 – 4 September 1918
Sir Eyre Hutson, 22 March 1919 – 1925
Sir John Alder Burdon, 16 April 1925 – 1932
Sir Harold Baxter Kittermaster, 9 March 1932 – 1934
Sir Alan Cuthbert Maxwell Burns, 2 November 1934 – 1939
Sir John Adams Hunter, 24 February 1940 – 1 July 1946
Sir Arthur Norman Wolffsohn, 1 July 1946 – 14 January 1947, acting
Sir Edward Gerald Hawkesworth, 14 January 1947 – 1948
Sir Ronald Herbert Garvey, 28 February 1949 – 1952
Sir Patrick Muir Renison, 21 October 1952 – 1955
Sir Colin Hardwick Thornley, 17 January 1956 – 1961
Sir Peter Hyla Gawne Stallard, 9 December 1961 – 1966
Sir John Warburton Paul, 11 July 1966 – January 1972
Sir Richard Neil Posnett, 26 January 1972 – 31 May 1973
Governors of Belize (1973–1981)
On 1 June 1973, the colony of British Honduras was renamed Belize.
Sir Richard Neil Posnett, 1 June 1973 – 1976, continued
Peter Donovan McEntee, 1 June 1976 – 1980
Sir Sir James Hennessy, 1980 – 21 September 1981
On 21 September 1981 Belize gained independence from the United Kingdom. For viceroys of Belize after independence, see Governor-General of Belize.
References
http://www.rulers.org/rulb1.html#belize
British Honduras
Governors and administrators of British Honduras
Cubilia eichelbaumi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1910.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1910
NehruvianDoom is the collaborative studio album by American hip hop duo NehruvianDoom which consists of MF DOOM and Bishop Nehru. The album was released on October 7, 2014, by Lex Records.
Background
In January 2014, during an interview with The Village Voice, Bishop Nehru spoke about the album, saying: "Well it's titled NehruvianDoom. It's Doom producing the beats and I'm rapping over them, though he's going to be on some of the songs too. We don't have any outside features, it's just me and him." They explained how the album came about, saying: "I met Doom for the first time a couple of months ago when I went to London. It was my first time out there, I opened for them and Ghostface at the 100 Club and I just happened to run into them after the show and we met like that and we kicked it and talked like that." In a March 2014, interview with XXL, Bishop Nehru elaborated on the album, saying: "It's called Nehruvian Doom, it's going to be about seven songs. There's no way to really explain it. It's just kind of its own little feel, its own little sound. I don't think anything really compares to it." MF Doom added: "As like a compilation of sounds, all of them hold they own weight but as one whole thing, a piece, it's going to be a very informative piece. It's going to be that joint... To me, everything happened organically and it's still going organically, so it's hard to explain it as it's happening. It just is what it is."
Critical response
NehruvianDoom received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 67, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 13 reviews. Mark Bozzer of Exclaim! said, "It's great to have Doom back on this release, and it's even better that he's joined forces with a young emcee in Nehru that shows a hell of a lot of promise on this project. The Metal-Faced Villain and their sidekick Bishop Nehru make quite the dynamic duo, indeed; Batman and Robin ain't got shit on these two." Sam Willis of Drowned In Sound stated, "Throughout NehruvianDoom the production is consistently on point, vocals are sharp and the shining talent of Bishop Nehru is given to us in all its glory. There are lines that exhibit the teenager's wisdom way beyond their years and a relationship that is as much give as it is taken for both parties. It doesn't seem to me that this is the record to propel Nehru to stardom – Doom still works too much on the peripherals for that – but it is a vital step on the road to widespread notoriety." Nate Patrin of Pitchfork Media was less positive, saying, "This generation-crossing collaboration feels like a record lodged in a sort of chronological rut, one where a young artist fronts an old-sounding record that sounds like it could've been released at any point in their lifetime—and helmed by any number of MCs that could've sounded like him."
Michael Madden of Consequence of Sound said, "It's promising that a kid as talented and hungry as Bishop already has the experience of working with someone with several classics under their belt. And, while NehruvianDoom is solid on its own, he's still working toward their destination." Henry Mansell of XXL said, "Weighing in at a terse 32 minutes in length, spanning eight tracks plus an introduction, the album is a cohesive and methodical offering yet because of the constrained spin time, neither Bishop Nehru nor MF Doom have the space to flex their creative impulses and push the envelope in their respective spheres. While it's gratifying to hear the duo stick to their established formulas and not poorly attempting to conform to pop platitudes, NehruvianDoom suffers from monotonous chants (see “Coming For You”) and a simple lack of variety." Andrew Gretchko of HipHopDX stated, "In just nine tracks, the duo have created a brief, quirky and dense project. It is an album that's experimental in almost all the right ways, filled with well-crafted, albeit ominous beats mined from obscure source material and features an impressive one two punch on the mic. NehruvianDoom isn't the first attempt to recreate Golden Age Hip Hop in the 21st century, but it's an exceptionally creative take on the now-classic sound that succeeds in offering an enjoyable -- and at times quirky -- listen."
In December 2014, Nehruviandoom featured widely in Album of the Year and Rap Album of the Year lists, including: #2 in The Village Voice, #8 in The Independent, #13 in Spin, #23 in Rolling Stone, #29 ABC News, #94 in Crack Magazine.
Track listing
Charts
References
2014 albums
MF Doom albums
Collaborative albums
Lex Records albums
Albums produced by MF Doom
Albums produced by Madlib
Harrison Sheriff Sohna (born 1 July 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championship club Sunderland. Sohna is a product of the Aston Villa Academy.
Career
Aston Villa
They made their senior debut as a substitute in a 4–1 FA Cup defeat to Liverpool on 8 January 2021. They went on trial with Sunderland towards the end of the season, and made one Premier League 2 appearance in a 3–2 away win over Norwich City on 16 April.
Sohna was released by Aston Villa at the end of the 2020–21 season.
Sunderland
On 1 July 2021, League One club Sunderland announced Sohna as one of several new signings for their academy. Sohna made their senior debut for Sunderland on 10 August 2022, in a 2–0 defeat to Sheffield Wednesday in the EFL Cup.
Career statistics
Personal life
Harrison's twin brother Myles plays for Aston Villa Under-21s.
References
2002 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Aston Villa F.C. players
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Black British sportspeople
Pierre Cogan (10 January 1914 – 5 January 2013) was a French professional cyclist who competed between the 1930s and the 1950s.
Biography
A professional from 1935 to 1951, Cogan notably won the Grand Prix de Plouay in 1936 and the Grand Prix des Nations (the unofficial World Time Trail Championship) in 1937. They have the distinction of being among the best of the Tour de France riders both before and after the Second World War. They were the 11th in the 1935 Tour de France and still 7th in 1950. They rode their last Tour de France in 1951 where they finished 19th. Towards the end of their life, Cogan was the oldest Tour de France rider still alive.
Their brother Joseph was also a professional road bicycle racer between 1936 and 1942.
Pierre also appeared in the feature-length documentary, "Chasing Legends" about the Tour de France.
References
External links
Pierre Cogan at siteducyclisme.net
1914 births
2013 deaths
French male cyclists
People from Auray
Sportspeople from Morbihan
Cyclists from Brittany
Chamaa () is a village and municipality in the Tyre District of Lebanon's South Governorate, about 25 kilometres southeast of Tyre and some 99 kilometres south of Beirut.
It is especially known for its historical castle on a strategic hill overlooking the coastal plain of Tyre and Naqoura.
The United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) Sector West headquarters, led by the contingent of the Italian army, are based on a neighbouring hill.
Name
According to E. H. Palmer, Kŭlảt Shemả, means the castle of Shemả; they suggested linking it with the Hebrew given name Shimeon.
While the transliteration of the Arabic word for castle of would more precisely be Qala'at, it has also been spelled Kalat.
Chamaa is also transliterated as Chama or Shama, and - more closely to the Arabic original pronunciation - Chama'a. It draws its name from a grave in a shrine on the main hill which is attributed by local tradition to the prophet Shamoun al-Safa (also transliterated Chamoun or Shimon al-Safa), who is said to be Saint Simon the Zealot, or Simon the Cananite, one of the most obscure among the apostles of Jesus. According to this Shia belief, they were also an ancestor to the 12th and last Shia Imam Mahdi. Hence, thousands of Shiite pilgrims visit the memorial every year.
History
Ancient Times
The preserved remains of a Roman-Byzantine village at the close by archaeological site of Ermet Tell seem to support the local tradition which states that the hill was used as a mausoleum in the first century CE. Evidently, the hill was inhabited during the Byzantine rule over the Levant (395–640), as it is obvious from a mosaic which has been discovered on the top of the hill.
With regard to its strategic location near the Ladder of Tyre and vis-à-vis the often-besieged metropolis of Tyre it is quite conceivable though that the hill had already hosted settlements in Hellenistic, Achaemenid-Persian, Neo-Babylonian, Neo-Assyrian, Egyptian, Early Phoenician, or even Pre-Historic ages.
It is unclear what happened to the settlement in Chamaa after the area was conquered by the bearers of Islam in 640. During the half a millennium of early Muslim rule the area was first governed by the Rashidun ruler Muawiyah, followed by the Umayyad Caliphate, the Abbasid Caliphate, the Ismaili Shia Fatimid Caliphate, and the Seljuk Empire.
The exact date of the construction of the Shamoun al-Safa shrine is unknown, but its minaret was reportedly built in the late 11th century, shortly before the arrival of the crusaders.
Medieval Times
In 1116, during the aftermath of the First Crusade, a Frankish army constructed a fortress over the Byzantine site in order to block access to heavily fortified Tyre, which was the last city in the region held by Islamic rulers. It was eventually taken over by the Christian warriors in 1124, after a siege of almost six months had led to the negotiatied surrender of Tyre by the Seljuk military leader Toghtekin. The fortress of Chamaa, which was thus part of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, also became known as Scandelion Castle, named after the neighbouring coastal area of Iskandarounah which in turn was named after Alexander the Great.
It is unclear whether Chamaa Castle was - like many of Tyre's buildings - damaged in the 1202 Syria earthquake and whether it remained under the control of the Lordship of Tyre, when John of Montfort entered a treaty in 1270 with Mamluk Sultan Baibars and transferred souvereignity over some villages in the coastal plain to him. It is likewise unclear what happened to Chamaa Castle after the Crusaders surrendered Tyre in 1291 to the Mamluk Sultanate's army of Al-Ashraf Khalil, who had all fortifications of the city demolished to prevent the Franks from re-entrenching. Like Tyre, Chamaa was subsequently governed from Acre and thus became part of Palestine, but also "sank into obsurity."
Ottoman Times
Although the Ottoman Empire conquered the Levant in 1516, Jabal Amel (modern-day South Lebanon) remained mostly untouched until the end of the 16th century. In the 1596 tax-records it was named as a village, Sam'a, in the Ottoman nahiya (subdistrict) of Tibnin under Liwa of Safad, with a population of 21 households, all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax rate of 25% on agricultural products, such as wheat, barley, fruit trees, goats and beehives, in addition to occasional revenues; a total of 1,920 akçes.
While the French historian Ernest Renan assumed that major construction of the castle took place in the 16th century, modern historiography assumes that it was not until the mid-18th century that Chamaa experienced a major revival. At that time, Sheikh Nasif al-Nassar of the Shiite Ali al-Saghir dynasty, which dominated Jabal Amel for altogether almost three centuries, established de facto autonomy over the area and the castle became the property of their family. During this early period, the citadel underwent extensive renovation and was used for military and residential purposes. It also included an olive press, whose foundations are still visible today.
This boom period ended, however, already after three decades in 1781, when Al-Nassar was killed in a power-struggle with the Ottoman governor of Sidon, Ahmad Pasha al-Jazzar, who had the Shiite population decimated in brutal purges. Thus, the Shiite autonomy in Jabal Amel ended for a quarter century. According to Arab sources, Jazzar Pasha had their senior commander Salim Pasha al-Kabir demolish Chamaa castle, like many other fortifications of Al-Nassar as well.
Barely a century later, in 1875, French explorer Victor Guérin noted:"This castle, which is said to date only from Dhaher el-A'mer, is currently in ruins. Built on a high plateau, from where we enjoy a very wide view, it is surrounded by an enclosure that flank from distance to distance semicircular towers, built, like the enclosure itself, with regular parts, but of dimensions mediocre, except for the lower course, which, arranged in an embankment, generally consist of larger blocks of ancient appearance. The interior was divided into two parts: one to the north, where the pasha resided, and the other to the south, which contained about sixty private dwellings. These are, for the most part, half overturned. The same is true of the serais or chateau proper, some rooms of which are currently used as cattle stables. The divan room was adorned with several monolithic columns of gray granite, raised to some ancient monument. Near there, an oualy still standing with its white dome and its minaret is dedicated to Neby Chema'oun es-Safa. A beautiful cistern adjoins it. Some Métualis families have taken up residence in the midst of these ruins.In 1881, the PEF's Survey of Western Palestine (SWP) described Kulat Shema as "A modern-built castle, situated on a very high conical and conspicuous hill seen from a distance, and is occupied by about forty Moslems. The ground around is covered with brushwood, and is uncultivated. There are ten cisterns for water. They further noted: "A Saracenic castle, also said to have been built by Dhahr el 'Amr. The walls and flanking towers are now falling to ruin. The place is occupied by about thirty Mohammedans ; it is situated on a very high conical and conspicuous hill, and was no doubt at one time a strong place."
When the French physician, botanist, zoologist and Egyptologist Louis Lortet visited Chamaa around the same time, they could not find any information about the history of the fortress, and likewise it remained obscure until the violent end of the 20th century:
Modern Times
During the 1982 Lebanon War with Israel and the subsequent occupation by Israel the castle of Chamaa apparently became a military base for the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), which were accused of wrecking the internal structures of the fort. The Daily Star reported:"In order to allow tanks in, they removed its historical main gate, which some say is now the famous gate of the Israeli coastal town of Akka."In late 1997, attacks by Amal and Hezbollah guerillas on Israeli forces and units of the collaborationist militia South Lebanon Army (SLA) in Chamaa were reported. Hence, it may be argued that Chamaa Castle - like Beaufort Castle in Southeastern Lebanon - is one of the few medieval castles that still has had strategic importance in modern wars, at least until the Israeli wihdrawal in 2000.
During Israel's invasion in the July 2006 Lebanon War, 21 civilians from the village of Marwahin, mostly children, were killed just outside of Chamaa in an Israeli Navy strike followed by a helicopter attack on their convoy while they were attempting to evacuate under Israeli orders. UNIFIL medical teams reportedly came under fire during their rescue mission.
In another assault, the citadel of Chamaa was partly destroyed, including its main tower. While the shrine of Shamoun was rehabilitated with support from the Sheikhdom of Qatar, the renovation of the castle began only in 2014, funded by the Italian government.
In July 2007, a French UNIFIL soldier was killed near Chamaa when an unexploded ordnance from the 2006 war blew up as they were trying to clear it.
It is not clear in which year UNIFIL established the Sector West HQ in Chamaa, about 10 kilometres north of the Blue Line. According to Italian military analysts, by 2015 the Italian Armed Forces deployed at their West Sector headquarters Ten. Millevoi in Chamaa a contingent of "approximately 1100 men and women, together with the contingents of other 11 nations for a total military 3500".
The mayor of Chamaa municipality has been Abdel-Qader Safieddine. Safieddine is also the most common name on the epitaphs of the cemetery next to the mausoleum of Shamoun Al Safa.
Gallery
The Shrine ("Maqam") of Shamoun Al Safa
The Castle
References
Bibliography
External links
Chamaa, Localiban
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 3: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Populated places in Tyre District
Shia Muslim communities in Lebanon
Populated places in Lebanon
Tourist attractions in Lebanon
Castles in Lebanon
Castles and fortifications of the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Archaeological sites in Lebanon
Israeli–Lebanese conflict
Lebanon
Lebanon and the United Nations
The flag of Jordan, officially adopted on 16 April 1928, is based on the 1916 flag of the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire during World War I. The flag consists of horizontal black, white, and green bands that are connected by a red chevron. The colours are the Pan-Arab Colors, respectively representing the Abbasid (black band), Umayyad (white band), and Fatimid or Rashidun caliphates (green band). The red chevron is for the Hashemite dynasty, and the Arab Revolt.
Features
In addition to the bands and chevron, a white star with seven points is featured on the hoist side of the red chevron. The star stands for the unity of the Arab people; its seven points refer to the seven verses of Al-Fatiha as well as the seven hills Amman was built on.
History
Interpretation of the colors
Colours scheme
Construction Sheet
Historical flags
Military flags
See also
Flag of the Arab Revolt
Palestinian flag
Kingdom of Hejaz
References
External links
Flag
Jordan
Amyrea is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1941. It is native to Madagascar and to nearby Mayotte Island in the Indian Ocean.
Species
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Acalyphoideae
ICR may refer to:
Biology
Idiopathic condylar resorption, a temporomandibular joint disorder
Immunological constant of rejection, Immunology concept relating to tissue rejection
Implanted cardiac resynchronization device, in cardiology
Imprinting Control Region, genetic imprinting
Electronics and physics
Inductance (L), Capacitance (C), Resistance (R), see LCR meter and RLC circuit
Instant centre of rotation, the point in a body undergoing planar movement that has zero velocity at a particular time
Intelligent character recognition, advanced OCR
Ion cyclotron resonance, a physics phenomenon in cyclotron particle acceleration
Organizations
Catholic University of Rennes (Institut catholique de Rennes), a French Catholic university
Institute for Centrifugal Research, imaginary company created by Till Nowak as the impetus behind The Centrifuge Brain Project
Institute for Comparative Research in Human and Social Sciences, a Japanese institution in humanities and social sciences
Institute for Creation Research, a creationist organization in Dallas, Texas
Institute of Cancer Research, a college within the University of London
Institute of Cetacean Research, a Japanese institution
International Care & Relief, international development charity
International Centre of Reconstruction
International Rescue Committee, a global humanitarian, relief, and refugee-assistance non-government agency
Iraqi Council of Representatives, a political council of Iraq
Central Institute for Restoration (Istituto Centrale per il Restauro), art conservation institute in Rome
Romanian Cultural Institute (Institutul Cultural Român)
The Institute for Cultural Research, a London-based educational charity founded by Idries Shah
Other uses
Industrial Cases Reports, a law report
Inishowen Community Radio (ICR FM), a local radio station broadcasting on the Inishowen Peninsula in Ireland
Intercolonial Railway, a historic Canadian railway
Interest coverage ratio, a measure of a firm's ability to pay interest on outstanding debt
International Civilian Representative for Kosovo, a civilian officer
Islander Creole English, ISO 639-3 code
Inter-City Railcar, class of 63 Irish diesel multiple units
John Portineus Greene (September 3, 1793 – September 20, 1844) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement.
Greene was born in Herkimer, New York. They were a Methodist minister at Mendon, New York. They were friends with Heber C. Kimball and they claimed to witness "signs in the heavens" on September 22, 1827. They later met Latter Day Saint missionary Samuel Harrison Smith, who sold Greene a copy of the Book of Mormon. Greene joined the Latter Day Saint church in April 1832, as did the family of their wife Rhoda, which included Brigham Young.
Greene would serve a total of 11 missions for the church. In May 1834, Greene baptized three people while serving as a missionary in Villanova in Chautauqua County, New York. They were the original president of the Eastern States Mission in May 1839. They published a pamphlet about the 1838 expulsion of the members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from Missouri in 1839 entitled Facts Relative to the Expulsion of the Mormons or Latter-Day Saints from the State of Missouri, Under the Extermination Order. This was one of the first significant historical works published by a member of the Church.
In 1844, Greene was the chief of police in Nauvoo, Illinois, who supervised the destruction of the press of the Nauvoo Expositor. When Joseph Smith and their brother Hyrum submitted to incarceration in Carthage, Greene was part of a group of men that accompanied them to the Carthage Jail.
After the Smiths were killed, Greene supported the succession claims of James Strang, but Greene died amid the succession crisis. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite) alleges that Greene was "martyred by poison ... for disclosing that James Strang was appointed by Joseph Smith."
Notes
References
Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint Church History, pp. 445–46.
1793 births
1844 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
Converts to Mormonism from Methodism
Latter Day Saints from Illinois
Latter Day Saints from New York (state)
Leaders in the Church of Christ (Latter Day Saints)
Methodist ministers
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
Religious leaders from New York (state)
Margaret Greenwood (born 14 March 1959) is a British politician who has served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wirral West since 2015.  They are a member of the Labour Party.
Biography
A former teacher and community activist, Greenwood later worked as a web consultant.  They are a founder member of Defend our NHS.
In 2013, they were selected to contest the constituency of Wirral West in the 2015 general election. In a high-profile campaign, Greenwood narrowly unseated the Conservative cabinet minister Esther McVey.
In March 2018, Greenwood began acting as Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions after Debbie Abrahams temporarily stepped aside. They were appointed as a permanent replacement for the Shadow DWP Secretary in May 2018. Until November 2018, Greenwood was shadowing Esther McVey, who had returned to Parliament at the 2017 general election.
On 6 April 2020, upon the election of Keir Starmer as Leader of the Labour Party, Greenwood was replaced as Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions by Jonathan Reynolds, becoming Shadow Minister for Schools. They resigned as Shadow Minister for Schools on 15 October 2020 to vote against the Covert Human Intelligence Sources (Criminal Conduct) Bill, which would authorise some undercover police officers and government officials to commit criminal offences, as Labour had whipped MPs to abstain.
Views
Margaret Greenwood has expressed concern over the effects of poverty and austerity, saying in 2018, "The government should listen to the people being pushed into poverty by its policies. Universal credit is failing miserably, leaving families in debt, [in] rent arrears and at risk of becoming homeless. Three million children are growing up in poverty despite living in a working household." Greenwood also said in 2018, "There is something seriously wrong when the number of people in work in poverty is increasing faster than employment."
References
External links
|-
1959 births
Living people
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Politics of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral
UK MPs 2015–2017
21st-century British women politicians
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Marnie Weber (born 1959) is an American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles. Them work includes photography, sculpture, installations, film, video, and performances.  They are also a musician.
Life and work
Marnie Weber was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, U.S. and spent part of their childhood moving around Asia with their family. They studied at the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, and received their B.A. from University of California, Los Angeles. They have had solo shows, video screenings, and performances throughout the United States and Europe.
Much of Weber's visual art revolves around a recurring cast of characters. An animal often found in their work is the bear, which is linked to the Greek goddess Artemis. These characters, among others, are placed in "vividly colorful environment[s]", ornate, Empire style interiors or dark, dense, eerie landscapes. Them work most often focuses on the adventures of women, which sometimes take the form of half-human, half-animal hybrids with bodies cut from pornographic magazines, and other times, pale-faced, folksy ghosts known as "Spirit Girls".
Marnie Weber's work is featured on the cover of the 1998 Sonic Youth album A Thousand Leaves.
The Spirit Girls was the name of Marnie Weber's six member drone-rock musical group. The Spirit Girls is also the name of Weber's multimedia conceptual project which used film, sculpture, collage, installation and performance to explore the after-life of the all-female rock band featured in four Weber films: Songs that Never Die (2005), A Western Song (2007), The Sea of Silence (2009) and Eternity Forever (2010). In the films, the Spirit Girls "are the specters of five adolescents, killed in their prime, who come back to the real world to 'express things they weren't able to express' while they were alive." The spectral Spirit Girls are said to have died tragically in the male-dominated music scene of the 1970s. The opening of the final film in the series, Eternity Forever, was held at the Mountain View Mausoleum in Altadena, CA, built with a gallery for temporary art exhibits. The opening also featured the living Spirit Girls, who played their final concert to 500 equally alive attendees.
Weber has also performed and recorded with The Party Boys (US-band) and The Perfect Me. They have two solo albums, Woman with Bass, 1994 and Cry for Happy, 1996, both recorded as "Marnie". In 2004, a compilation of their work was released entitled Songs Forgotten: The Best of Marnie 1987 - 2004.
In 2016 Weber released a feature-length film, The Day of Forevermore, which they wrote and directed and features their artwork.
 They are married to the Los Angeles-based artist Jim Shaw.
Them work has been associated with New Gothic Art.
Collections
Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, CA, US
Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Los Angeles, CA, US
Neuberger Berman Inc., New York, NY, US
Progressive Corporation, Mayfield, OH, US
Fond National d'Art Contemporain (FNAC), FR
MAMCO, Geneva, Switzerland
Hammer Museum, Los Angeles
Notes and references
Further reading
References for all exhibitions, screenings, and performances
Christopher Miles, "Marnie Weber at Patrick Painter Inc," Artforum, XLVI, No. 1, September 2007, pp. 477–478
Ute Thon. "Gemischtwarenladen der Gehobenen Klasse," Art Das Kunstmagazin, October 2007.
Micol Hebron. "Critic's Picks Los Angeles: Marnie Weber," Artforum.com, May 2007.
Mary Barone. "Out at Frieze," Artnet.com, October 2007.
Hunter Drohojowsha-Philpr. "That's The Spirit," Artnet.com, May 23, 2007.
Annie Buckley. "Spirit Girl," Craft: transforming traditional crafts, Vol. 04, 2007, pp. 60–62
"Fantasy Freaky: Marnie Weber," Dazed & Confused, April, 2007
External links
Official Website
Marnie Weber at Marc Jancou Contemporary, New York
Marnie Weber bio, selected works and exhibitions at praz-delavallade.com
Marnie Weber at Kunstaspekte
Simon Lee Gallery, London.
1959 births
Living people
Artists from Los Angeles
American women artists
Artists from Bridgeport, Connecticut
University of Southern California alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
21st-century American women
Drama Studio London (DSL) is a British drama school in London. It is accredited by the Federation of Drama Schools.
The Drama Studio London was founded in 1966 by actor and director Peter Layton, focusses on developing individual talent nurtured around what makes each student unique rather than teaching conventional acting styles, such as method, classical acting or Meisner technique. Students can take a 1-year Diploma in Professional Acting, a 2-year MFA in Professional Acting with Independent Production or a three-year Bachelor of Arts (hons) in Professional Acting, in partnership with the University of West London.
The MFA (Masters in Fine Art) in Professional Acting with Independent Production, is recognised in the United States as an essential Higher Education teaching qualification.
Alumni
Emily Watson
Forest Whitaker
Olivia Vinall
Elisa Lasowski
Helen Schlesinger
Aiysha Hart
Adrian Lukis
Mika Simmons
Nadine Lewington
Lesley Vickerage
Lisa Goldman
Trevor Cooper
Cory English
Shobu Kapoor
Murray McArthur
Roma Downey
Jack Greenlees
Enzo Cilenti
Miranda Hennessy
Misha Crosby
David Marciano
John Vickery
Cynthia Stevenson
Natasha Radski
Ursula Holden-Gill
Robert LuPone
Charles Martinet
Diana Hayden
Adil Hussain
Santanu Bose
References
Drama schools in London
Education in the London Borough of Ealing
Educational institutions established in 1966
This article presents a comparison of image viewers and image organizers which can be used for image viewing.
Functionality overview and licensing
Supported file formats
Commonly used vendor-independent formats
Camera raw formats
Supported operating systems
Basic features
Additional features
See also
Comparison of raster graphics editors
Digital image editing
List of graphics file formats
Notes
iPhoto is part of iLife, which includes a DVD authoring package (iDVD), a video editor (iMovie), a music player (iTunes), a multimedia web publisher (iWeb), and an audio-sequencing program (GarageBand).
FastPictureViewer's DirectX hardware acceleration support depends on the actual video card installed and the amount of available video memory. The commercial version also supports previewing some camera RAW formats for which a WIC-enabled codec exists. Such RAW codecs are currently available from Canon, Nikon, Olympus, Pentax, Sony and for Adobe DNG.
Many applications on Mac OS X use either the Core Image or QuickTime APIs for image support. This enables reading and writing to a variety of formats, including JPEG, JPEG2000, Apple Icon Image format, TIFF, PNG, PDF, BMP and more.
SView5 may also run on Linux/x86 and macOS/x86 using Mono.
References
Image viewers
Asin of Baekje (died 405) (r. 392–405) was the seventeenth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.
Background
Buyeo Abang was the eldest son of Baekje's 15th ruler Chimnyu, and ascended to the throne after the death of Chimnyu's brother, the 16th king Jinsa, of whom they are said to have killed.
Reign
During their reign, Goguryeo forces under Gwanggaeto the Great of Goguryeo steadily pushed into Baekje from the north. Asin appointed their maternal uncle Jin Mu as chief general and ordered them to attack Goguryeo repeatedly in the early 390s, but each attack was defeated. In 395, after a failed attack by Baekje, Goguryeo took Baekje's territory around today's northern Seoul.
Asin sought to strengthen Baekje's position against Goguryeo, sending their son Jeonji to the Wa kingdom of Japan as a ward to cement Baekje's alliance with that country in 397. In 398, according to the Samguk Sagi, they constructed Ssanghyeon Castle to protect Baekje's remaining territory north of the Han River. In 399, during another round of conscription for the battles against Goguryeo, many peasants are said to have fled to Silla. In 403 they attacked Silla. Historical records do not show any contacts with China during Asin's rule.
Death
Asin died during the year 405, and watched desperately as their once-powerful kingdom was falling slowly to its powerful northern neighbor Goguryeo. Their three brothers would fight for the throne ending in all of their deaths and the crowning of Asin's son.
Family
Father: Chimnyu of Baekje
Mother: unknown - of the Jin clan (眞氏).
Brother: Buyeo Hunhae (扶餘訓解, ?–405) – was in Japan as a hostage where their children stayed and founded the Anko clan (雁高氏). Killed by their younger brother, Seolye, who tried to usurp the throne.
Brother: Buyeo Seolye (扶餘碟禮, ?–405) – was in Japan as a hostage. Killed their brother Seolye to usurp the throne but was themselves killed by their nephew and the prime minister.
Half-brother: Buyeo Hong (扶餘洪, ?–407) – in 394 was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs (内臣佐平, Naesin-jwa'pyeong).
Queen: unknown
1st son: Buyeo Yeong (扶餘映, ?–420) – crown prince 394, sent to Japan 397, 18th King of Baekje, Jeonji of Baekje in 405.
Daughter: Shinjedo (新齊都媛, ?–?), younger sister of King Jeonji who was sent to Emperor Ojin to wait on them along with 7 maids during the 39th year of Ōjin's reign. They were naturalized in Japan where they called them Shisetsuhime.
Concubine: unknown
2nd son: Buyeo Sin (扶餘信, ?–429) – first appointed in February, 407 as Minister of the Interior (Naesin-jwa'pyeong, 内臣佐平) then elected in 408 as chief minister (Sang-jwa'pyeong, 上佐平) which they held through the reign of three kings.
Popular culture
Portrayed by Yang Ki Won in the 2007 MBC TV series The Legend.
Portrayed by Park Jung-chul in the 2011–2012 KBS1 TV series Gwanggaeto, The Great Conqueror.
Portrayed by Lee Seung Chan in the 2017 KBS TV series Chronicles of Korea.
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
405 deaths
Baekje rulers
4th-century monarchs in Asia
5th-century monarchs in Asia
Year of birth unknown
5th-century Korean people
4th-century Korean people
China National Highway 566 runs from Xiji in Ningxia to Tianshui in Gansu. At Xiji, it connects to G309 and at Tianshui to G310. Most of the route consists of upgraded sections of Ningxia provincial highway S202 and Gansu provincial highways S305 and S218. It is one of the new trunk highways proposed in the China National Highway Network Planning (2013 - 2030).
Route table
See also
China National Highways
References
Transport in Gansu
Saray, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Klaus Ewerth (28 March 1907 – 20 December 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II. They reached the rank of Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II.
Career
Klaus Ewerth joined the Reichsmarine in 1925. They commissioned the first German U-boat since World War I, the small Type IIA on 29 June 1935. They left the U-1 on 30 September 1936 to prepare for their next command. Klaus Ewerth commissioned the new Type VIIA on 3 November 1936. They commanded the boat until 5 December 1936. They then commissioned the new on 16 December 1936. They would command the boat for almost 2 years, until 31 October 1938. From November 1938 to August 1939, Ewerth served as an instructor at the Naval Academy Mürwik.
Ewerth then commanded the from 1 August 1939 to 3 January 1940. They went out on two patrols with the boat, spending 74 days at sea. They sank 4 ships during these patrols, 3 of them were lost to mines laid by U-26. From January 1940 to February 1943 Ewerth served in several staff positions with the U-Boat Command before being assigned to U-boat familiarization in preparation for their command of a new U-boat from March to April 1943.
Death
On 17 April 1943, Ewerth commissioned the huge new Type IXD boat . After almost seven months in training and preparation Ewerth took the boat from Kiel heading in to the South Atlantic as part of the Monsun Gruppe. 33 days later the boat was sunk with all hands, 66 men, on 20 December 1943 in the mid-Atlantic west of Madeira, Portugal by depth charges and Fido homing torpedoes from five Grumman Avengers and Grumman Wildcat aircraft (VC-19) of the American escort carrier USS Bogue.
Summary of career
Ships attacked
Awards
Spanish Cross in Silver with Swords
U-boat War Badge
Iron Cross 2nd Class
War Merit Cross 1st Class with Swords
References
Bibliography
1907 births
1943 deaths
People from Węgorzewo
People from East Prussia
U-boat commanders (Kriegsmarine)
Reichsmarine personnel
German military personnel killed in World War II
German military personnel of the Spanish Civil War
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1939), 2nd class
People lost at sea
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
A wrecking ball is a heavy steel ball suspended from a crane that is used for building demolition.
Wrecking ball may also refer to:
Music
Albums
Wrecking Ball (Bruce Springsteen album) (2012)
Wrecking Ball Tour, promotional tour 2012
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Springsteen originally written and performed during the 2009 Working on a Dream Tour, later released on the 2012 album
Wrecking Ball (Dead Confederate album) (2008)
Wrecking Ball (Emmylou Harris album) (1995)
Wreckin' Ball, an album by The Hub (1994)
Songs
"Wrecking Ball" (Neil Young song) (1989)
"Wrecking Ball" (Miley Cyrus song) (2013)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by 4Him from The Basics of Life
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Agent 51 from The Red & the Black (2003)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Aubrey O'Day (2012)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Chris Pureka from How I Learned to See in the Dark (2010)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Creeper Lagoon from Take Back the Universe and Give Me Yesterday (2001)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Crooked Fingers from Dignity and Shame (2005)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Five Finger Death Punch from The Wrong Side of Heaven and the Righteous Side of Hell, Volume 2 (2013)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Frankmusik from Do It in the AM (2011)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Gama Bomb from The Terror Tapes (2013)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Gary Allan from Living Hard (2007)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Gillian Welch and David Rawlings from Soul Journey (2003)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Grace Slick from Welcome to the Wrecking Ball! (1981)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Halfcocked from Occupation: Rock Star (2000)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Harvey Danger from Where Have All the Merrymakers Gone? (1997)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Helix from Half-Alive (1998)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Iko from Ludo Says Hi (2009)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Interpol from Our Love to Admire (2007)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Kaiser Chiefs as B-side track of the initial release of "I Predict a Riot" (2004)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Joe Walsh from Analog Man (2012)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Lifehouse from Smoke & Mirrors (2010)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by The Limousines from Hush (2013)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Loaded from The Taking (2009)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Mother Mother from O My Heart (2008)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Much the Same from Survive (2006)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Papa Vs Pretty from Heavy Harm' (2010)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Sidewalk Prophets from Live Like That (2012)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Slaid Cleaves
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Smile Empty Soul from 3's (2012)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Terri Clark from Roots and Wings (2011)
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Viva Voce
"Wrecking Ball", a song by Vixen from Rev It Up (1990)
”Wrecking Ball”, a Song by Amelia Curran from Hunter, Hunter (2009)
Literature
Wrecking Ball Press, a UK small-press publisher
Wrecking Ball, a novel by Christiana Spens
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Wrecking Ball, a children's novel by Jeff Kinney
Other uses
Wrecking Ball (Overwatch), a fictional, playable character in the 2016 video game Overwatch
Frank Paul the Wrecking Ball, nickname for New Zealand professional rugby league player Frank-Paul Nu'uausala
Wrecking Ball Brewpub, business establishment in the historic Kriegshaber House in Inman Park, Atlanta
Wrecking Ball, a playable character from the video game series Skylanders
See also
Mark Recchi (born 1968), Canadian NHL ice hockey player, nicknamed "The Recchin' Ball"
Balls of Steel (disambiguation)
America Now is a defunct American daily television magazine program hosted by Leeza Gibbons and Bill Rancic, featuring "news you can really use" on lifestyle topics such as health, diet, family and pets. The program, which aired Monday through Friday, was produced by ITV Studios America. America Now was broadcast across the United States on stations owned by Raycom Media, along with being syndicated nationwide in its last season.
Production
The show utilized material from television stations owned by Raycom Media, and original demonstrations from experts on various topics. The show first aired on October 30, 2010. During the first season, the program was one hour in length and only aired weekends on Raycom Media stations.
On September 12, 2011, the second season premiered, with Gibbons joining Rancic as the show began airing Monday through Friday in two 30-minute episodes generally run back to back.
On March 9, 2012, ITV Studios and Raycom Media announced that America Now had been renewed through the 2012-13 season.
On February 18, 2014, Raycom Media announced that the fourth season of America Now would be its last, with the last episode airing on September 5.
References
External links
2010 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
2010s American television news shows
2010s American television talk shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Television series by ITV Studios
Sir Donald Henry Farquharson PC DL (26 February 1928 – 21 August 2011) was a British judge, who served as a High Court Judge for eight years and as a judge of the Court of Appeal for six years.
Life
Farquharson was educated at the Royal Commercial Travellers School before studying at Keble College, Oxford. They were called to the bar as a member of Inner Temple in 1952 and thereafter practised as a barrister. They were appointed Deputy Chairman of the Essex Quarter Sessions in 1970, and took silk in 1972. They were a Recorder of the Crown Court from 1972 until 1981, when they were appointed as a judge of the High Court of Justice, assigned to the Queen's Bench Division.
They received the customary knighthood upon appointment. In 1989, they were promoted to become a Lord Justice of Appeal as a member of the Court of Appeal, and became a member of the Privy Council. They were made an Honorary Fellow of Keble College in the same year.
They were chairperson of the Judicial Studies Board from 1992 to 1994. Farquharson retired from the bench in 1995.
References
External links
Obituary of Sir Donald Farquharson, The daily Telegraph, 8 September 2011
1928 births
2011 deaths
British barristers
Queen's Bench Division judges
Lords Justices of Appeal
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Members of the Inner Temple
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
Deputy Lieutenants of Essex
Place of birth missing
20th-century English judges
Azal (אצל), or Azel, is a location mentioned in the Book of Zechariah 14:5, in Bibles that use the Hebrew Masoretic Text as the source for this verse. In Bibles that follow the Greek Septuagint (LXX) rendering, depending upon the source manuscript used, Azal is transcribed Jasol (ιασολ, pronounced "Yasol"), Jasod (a corruption of Jasol), or Asael (ασαηλ):
Theories on location
No written work prior to the late 19th-century definitively identifies what, or where, Azal is or was. Most Bible commentators of the late 19th century considered it to be a place near Jerusalem. Cyril of Alexandria wrote in their commentary on the Book of Zechariah, Chapter 14. that Azal was known to be “a town situated at the far point of the mountain".
In 1850, geographer claimed that Azal was modern Azaria, situated southeast of the southernmost peak of the Mount of Olives (then called Mount Corruption).
French Orientalist and archaeologist Charles Simon Clermont-Ganneau, who identified the site of the ancient Canaanite city of Gezer and preserved the Mesha Stele inscription, claimed that Schwarz was referring to al-Eizariya, the traditional Bethany of New Testament times. However, al-Eizariya lies several kilometers due east of the Mount of Olives, not southeast of it, as Schwarz claimed.
Between 1873 and 1874, Clermont-Ganneau explored many tombs in a valley immediately south of Jerusalem, which the peasants of Silwan called . Based on geographic and linguistic evidence, Clermont-Ganneau proposed that Wady Yasul is Azal. Currently, this valley is bordered on the west by the Jerusalem Peace Forest and the neighborhood of Talpiot, on the north by the Abu Tor neighborhood on the southern slope of the Hill of Evil Council, and on the south by the neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber on the ridge where the former UN headquarters sits. The mouth of the valley lies at the base of the southernmost summit of the Mount of Olives (Mount of Corruption). Its Hebrew name is ().
There is evidence that Clermont-Ganneau's theory and the LXX rendering of Zechariah 14:5 are correct. In 1984, Israeli geologists Daniel Wachs and Dov Levitte identified the location of a large landslide on the Mount of Olives that is directly adjacent to both Wady Yasul (Nahal Atzal) and the area of the ancient King's Gardens at the juncture of the Hinnom and Kidron Valleys. Wachs' and Levitte's discovery validates Jewish historian Flavius Josephus' account of an earthquake-caused landslide during King Uzziah's reign blocking up the kings' gardens in the valley. It also accords with the LXX rendering of , which states a valley will be blocked up as far as Azal. Additionally, the Israelis officially named this valley אצל (Atzal), which is the same Hebrew spelling of Azal (אצל).
References
Biblical archaeology
Hebrew Bible places
Puccinellia maritima is a species of grass known by the common names including seaside alkaligrass, common saltmarsh-grass or sea poa grass. It is native to Western Europe and it is present in most of North East North America. It grows in moist, usually saline soils. It can reach a height of 80 cm and has greyish-green leaves.
References
maritima
Halophytes
Grasses of Europe
Ruud van Hemert (29 October 1938 – 5 July 2012) was a Dutch film director known especially for (dark) comedy. In the 1970s they helped produce and direct TV shows on VPRO before starting a career as a film director.
Biography
Ruud van Hemert was the son of television producer Willy van Hemert, and followed in their father's footsteps, making two television films for the VPRO, TV-Eiland (1965), and Pepijn op wieletjes ("a children's film for and about naughty children" conceived by Hans Andreus, followed by a few other children's shows, with Harrie Geelen. A breakthrough was the (stylistically experimental) documentary Oranje Vrijstaat, which had controversial politician Roel van Duijn as a central figure. Their career took off when they cooperated with Wim T. Schippers, Gied Jaspars, and Wim van der Linden on such shows as De Fred Hachéshow (1971), Barend is weer bezig (1972–1973), and Van Oekel's Discohoek (1974), a series of TV shows that are credited with changing Dutch television forever by destroying it as a medium for serious and proper programming.
Van Hemert was already 46 when they made their debut as a film director in 1984 with the film Schatjes! ("Darlings"), one of the biggest box-office hits in Dutch cinema. In Schatjes!, a dark family comedy, guerrilla warfare between disturbed parents (Peter Faber and ) and their disruptive children leads to chaos and mayhem (at the end of the film, the parents are buried, in their car, under a layer of asphalt); the film drew 1.5 million visitors (some 10% of the Dutch population), making it one of the most successful Dutch films ever. Van Hemert followed up with a sequel in 1986, ("Momma is angry"), another commercial success with 2 million tickets sold. Variety noted that while the anti-bourgeois mentality of the TV shows they did for the VPRO was maintained in the films, van Hemert themselves said they were influenced more strongly by Hollywood cinema. Dutch films of the period were generally influenced by Hollywood; other "Hollands Hollywood" productions were Dick Maas's De Lift (1983) and Flodder (1986).
1988's Honneponnetje, a follow-up to Schatjes! and Mama is boos, was not well received by critics—it was "no more than a thousandfold-retold wet dream from a frustrated teenager". Their career did not fare well during the 1990s, when they were unable to get financing for their scripts. They built a house in Spain and taught acting. They returned, with some success, in 2001 with I Love You Too, based on a novel by Ronald Giphart (141,257 visitors), and in 2004 their last film, (77,399 visitors). Their career, however, went downhill. They wrote about their frustrations with the film industry in a book called Bruut, and retired to Spain. In 2008 they survived prostate cancer, but in 2011 they were diagnosed with an aggressive form of throat cancer and they died the year after, at the house of friends in Wapserveen.
Selected filmography
Schatjes! (1984)
(1986)
Honneponnetje (1988)
I Love You Too (2001)
References
External links
Biography on Beeld en Geluid (in Dutch)
1938 births
2012 deaths
Deaths from cancer in the Netherlands
Deaths from laryngeal cancer
Dutch film directors
Mass media people from Amsterdam
15 Delphini (15 Del) is a star in the equatorial constellation Delphinus. It has an apparent magnitude of 5.99, allowing it to be faintly seen with the naked eye. The star is relatively close at a distance of 99 light years but is receding with a heliocentric radial velocity of .
15 Del has a stellar classification of F5 V, indicating that it is an ordinary F-type main-sequence star. It has 123% the mass of the Sun and a diameter of . It radiates at 3 times the luminosity of the Sun from its photosphere at an effective temperature of ,giving a yellow-white hue. 15 Del has an iron abundance 74% that of the Sun and at an age of 1.21 billion years — spins leisurely with a projected rotational velocity of .
15 Delphini has 3 companions listed below. Components B and D have different proper motions compared to the host. However, C appears to have a common proper motion, suggesting physical relation, but its parallax indicates a further distance compared to 15 Delphini.
References
Delphinus (constellation)
F-type main-sequence stars
BD+12 04472
198390
102805
7973
Double stars
High-proper-motion stars
St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church on the east side of Hwy. 90 in Loxley, Alabama. It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The Loxley Public Library currently occupies the building.
Originally dedicated to Saint Raphael, it was one of four small mission churches in central Baldwin County built to serve Catholic immigrant workers, many from the Midwest. In 1974, St. Raphael, St. Gabriel in Summerdale, St. Matthew in Elsanor, and Infant Jesus of Prague in Silverhill were closed and the congregations merged into the new parish of St. Patrick.
References
External links
St. Patrick Parish
Roman Catholic churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County, Alabama
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1924
Churches in Baldwin County, Alabama
Public libraries in Alabama
Former Roman Catholic church buildings
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Ophiocoma echinata, the spiny ophiocoma, is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Ophiocomidae. It is the type species of the genus Ophiocoma and is found in the tropical west Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
Description
Ophiocoma echinata is a large brittle star, with a maximum armspan of . The slender, tapering arms are densely clad with short spines and are clearly demarcated from the disc. The colour is dark with pale or cream-coloured markings, but the arms never have any red markings.
Distribution and habitat
Ophiocoma echinata is native to the tropical west Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It is common throughout the Caribbean at depths down to about . It occurs in seagrass meadows, on reefs and reef flats, hiding under rocks, in cracks and crevices, under coral heads, and inside sponges.
Behaviour
Ophiocoma echinata uses its arms to burrow in the sand and anchor itself in crevices. It holds some of its arms vertically in the passing water current to filter food particles, catching them with the spines and passing them along feeding channels to the mouth. The stomach is entirely within the central disc and is the organ of food storage. Reproduction takes place over a prolonged breeding season with gametes being shed directly into the sea without any synchronisation.
Locomotion involves raising the central disc off the substrate while the tube feet on the arms grip the surface. Despite having no brain and only having a simple, ring-shaped nervous system, O. echinata is able to adopt a coordinated pattern of locomotion in which one arm leads the way and the others act in synchrony to propel it forward. When the brittle star alters its direction of travel, it does not rotate, but instead a different arm becomes the lead arm and the other arms take on the subordinate role. This shows that a radially symmetrical animal can employ fully coordinated, bilaterally symmetrical locomotion.
When attacked by a predator, O. echinata sometimes autotomises (sheds) one or more of its arms. In a back-reef habitat in the Florida Keys, up to 47% of the individuals were found to have missing or damaged arms, and it took about two years for individuals with three missing arms to completely regenerate them. Losing a limb rather than its life is beneficial to the brittle star. Although energy must be diverted to effect the repair and regrowth, the individual should still be able to breed at some time in the future, and the missing arm contributes a renewable resource to the productivity of the reef.
References
Ophiocomidae
Animals described in 1816
Masappady Mathupillai is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. N. Thampi and produced by C. K. Sherif. The film stars Jayabharathi, Sudheer, KPAC Lalitha, Adoor Bhasi, Bahadoor and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Jayabharathi
KPAC Lalitha
Adoor Bhasi
Jose Prakash
Manavalan Joseph
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Alummoodan
Bahadoor
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kaval Surendran
Khadeeja
Kunchan
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
Meena
Narayana Das
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Paravoor Bharathan
S. P. Pillai
Sudheer
Vincent
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma, Kilimanoor Ramakanthan and Yusufali Kechery.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
ISNA Canada is a non-profit organization in Canada that offers many programs and services to the Canadian community at large. During the COVID-19 pandemic, ISNA Canada re-adjusted its services and programs to serve the community through virtual programs and drive-thru community experiences. ISNA has three centers in Canada, located in Mississauga, Toronto and Yellowknife.
ISNA Services and Programs
ISNA Canada strives to help Muslims put their faith into action by offering a variety of volunteer, educational and leadership opportunities. Some of these opportunities include: a monthly food bank that serves 600 families per month, programs like Walk the Talk that engage youth in community service, weekend Islamic and Arabic schools, Quran classes, kids camps and much more. With ISNA Canada's vision for a community powered by youth, they are always looking for new ways to empower and energize young people to be catalysts for positive changes in the community.
Some of the other services that ISNA Canada provides to support Muslims include marriage services, funeral services, Islamically-integrated psychotherapy and mental health counselling, Halal certification and Islamic bookstore.
ISNA Canada's Response to COVID-19
ISNA Canada was quick in its response to the COVID-19 pandemic with success in four different programs and services: the ISNA Canada Foodbank, the frontline workers meal program, the relief kits and the drive-thru Ramadan meals.
In mid-March ISNA Canada instigated the creation of the Canadian Muslim Response Network with over 40 organization and distributed 1420 hygiene kits, 1527 food kits and 3810 fruits and vegetables to those most vulnerable during the pandemic including seniors, single mothers of young children, immuno-compromised individuals and people with disabilities.
The Foodbank usually serves families inside the Islamic Center of Canada. As a result of the pandemic the foodbank team devised an alternative drive thru model to serve those in need. Volunteers wore masks and gloves and beneficiaries remained in their cars to limit contact and physical interaction. They would simply drive up, have their information quickly verified and receive a grocery gift card. During the Ramadan distribution they served up to 700 families.
On March 21, 2020 ISNA Canada collaborated with local restaurants to provide free meals to healthcare front-line workers. The program started with restaurants in the Halton and Peel regions but eventually reached Toronto, Waterloo and Windsor. After a month's time the program was extended to provide meals to essential workers, including police officers, paramedics and shelters. The program ran for 2 months and served over 8000 meals.
Ramadan is a month of community and gathering for Muslims, however, the pandemic prevented that from happening this year. ISNA Canada decided to utilize the foodbank drive thru model to provide drive thru iftars (the meal for breaking the fast) and suhoors (the meal eaten early morning before starting the fast). There was an average of 1000 and 700 meals served at each iftar and suhoor, respectively. Throughout the month of Ramadan the Premier, MPs and MPPs attended these drive thru iftars and served meals to community members. The drive thru model was also successfully carried through to the Eid celebrations that commemorated the end of Ramadan, where the Mayor of Mississauga was present.
Controversy
An audit of ISNA Canada in 2011 found that only a quarter of the funds donated to the organisation went to help the poor. Charity donations were misdirected to private businesses.
On September 21, 2013, the Canada Revenue Agency revoked the charitable tax-exempt status of the ISNA Development Foundation, a charity that operated out of ISNA Canada's headquarters. ISNA Canada was not affected by the move.
On September 12, 2018, CRA suspended the organization for one year and ordered the charity to pay a penalty of $550,000. The CRA determined that "the society's resources may have, directly or indirectly, been used the support the political efforts of Jamaat-e-Islami and/or its armed wing Hizbul Mujahideen."
The U.S.-based Islamic Society of North America, a distinct organization, noted association with ISNA Canada but emphasized its complete separation of governance, accounting, and auditing.
References
External links
ISNA Canada Elementary School
1983 establishments in Ontario
Islamic organizations based in Canada
Islam in Toronto
Márcia Cristina Bernardes Barbosa (in international publications, Márcia is often spelled without the acute accent) is a Brazilian physicist known for their research on the properties of water, and for their efforts for improving the conditions for women in academia.  They are a professor at UFRGS, and a director of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, they did their high school studies at the Colégio Marechal Rondon, in Canoas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and their undergraduate and graduate studies at the Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS), Porto Alegre, Brazil. After getting their PhD they spent two years as a postdoc at the research group of Michael Fisher at the University of Maryland. Back in Brazil they got a permanent position at the UFRGS where they work now, as Full Professor of Physics.
Marcia Cristina Barbosa is currently the director of the Brazilian Academy of Science and a professor at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, a world-renowned university in Brazil. The doctor studies water and its anomalies. Them research contributes to the discipline by explaining how floating ice on liquid water (which is outside the standard of substances) is a consequence of the high specific heat of terrestrial life and the geometry of terrestrial water.
Dr. Barbosa was born in Rio de Janeiro, RJ and raised in Canoas, RS (Forbes, 2021). When I asked why they decided to become a scientist, Dr. Barbosa stated that it was because of “helping my father make repairs in the house (electricity and hydraulics) and working as a volunteer in the college laboratory”. They attended a public school in Brazil. It was there that at the invitation of the director of the school, Dr. Barbosa studied in the afternoon and worked at night to set up the laboratory (Santos, 2019).
In college, it came time to start their academic life in a discipline that is primarily composed of males and rampant with sexist ideologies. It was a challenge each and every day. Dr. Barbosa highlighted that at their university, “I was a stranger in the nest. I came from public school and I was always the only girl in the room. When difficulties appeared (and in physics, they always appear) because of how rigorous and challenging it is, I questioned myself. Is this for me?” (Barbosa, 2018).
In 1999, when Márcia and another scientist (the only two female scientists in a group of ninety-eight men) were part of the General Assembly of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics (IUPAP), it was constituted the Women's Working Group in Physics. The group worked with the aim of obtaining data on the participation of women in Physics at different career levels in the world, identifying the barriers that represent an obstacle and defining actions to reverse the problem (IUPAP, n.d.)
Research on water
A molecule of water – two parts hydrogen, one part oxygen – seems simple enough, but the properties of this mysterious substance have baffled scientists for generations. Throughout their career, Barbosa has sought to unlock the secrets of water's anomalies, initially from a theoretical perspective and then by focusing their insights on practical applications for medicine and the life sciences.
Barbosa's work has helped explain why many characteristics of water – the motion of its molecules, its reaction to changes in temperature and pressure – make it different from other liquids in vast and important ways, and how biomolecules such as DNA, proteins and fats interact with water within the human body. They have furthermore developed a series of models about the properties of water that have contributed to our understanding of water's interactions with biological molecules and geological processes.
For their study of water anomalies, they won the Loreal-Unesco Prize for Women in Physical Sciences and the Claudia Prize in Science, both in 2013. In parallel, they work on gender issues, for which they won the Nicholson Medal of the American Physical Society in 2009. For their performance at the postgraduate level won the Anisio Teixeira Prize from Capes in 2016 and for their work in favor of science they received in 2018 from the presidency the Medal of Scientific Merit as Commander and, in 2021, the Silvio Torres Medal from Fapergs (Currículo Lattes,2022). Moreover, Dr. Barbosa is one of the 20 most powerful women in Brazil, according to a list by the national Forbes magazine 2020 (Forbes, 2021).
Questions of gender
In 1998 they became involved with the gender issue in physics. They worked as chair of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics Working Group on Women in Physics. This group organized a number of conferences on women in physics. In 2008 they became vice-president of the Union of Pure and Applied Physics and director of the Instituto de Física da UFRGS. For their activities on gender issues they were awarded with the 2009 Nicholson Medal given by the American Physical Society.
Years later, upon receiving the Unesco Prize, Dr. Barbosa stated “imagine how sad it would be to ban 50% of the population from such a wonderful feeling!” (Vasconcelos, 2019), referring to the female population who are not recognized in the scientific field. Following this, they were asked to join the Brazilian Academy of Science. “I was told that I was chosen because I wear short skirts” (Vasconcelos, 2019) mentioned Dr. Barbosa. For being a Latina woman from Brazil, their name does not appear easily when looking for innovations in the physics field. But as they said, their success is “not because of [my skirt], but because of my arguments” (Vasconcelos, 2019).
Awards
2013 L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards Laureate for Latin America.
2009 Dwight Nicholson Medal for Outreach Recipient from the American Physical Society
References
Barbosa, M. C. (personal communication, May 25th, 2018)
Currículo Lattes (2022). Márcia Cristina Bernardes Barbosa. Retrieved Jun 17, 2022, from http://buscatextual.cnpq.br/buscatextual/visualizacv.do?id=K4781480T6.
Forbes. (2021, December 10). Mulheres Mais poderosas do Brasil em 2020. Forbes Brasil. Retrieved June 18, 2022, from https://forbes.com.br/listas/2020/05/mulheres-mais-poderosas-do-brasil-em-2020/#foto12
IUPAP. (n.d.). IUPAP Working Group on women in physics. IUPAP Working Group on Women in Physics. Retrieved June 18, 2022, from http://wgwip.df.uba.ar/
Santos, B. (2019). Márcia Cristina Bernardes Barbosa (1960~). GPET Física. Retrieved May 22, 2022, from https://www3.unicentro.br/petfisica/2019/10/04/marcia-cristina-bernardes-barbosa-1960/#:~:text=Inicial-,M%C3%A1rcia%20Cristina%20Bernardes%20Barbosa%20(1960~),explica%C3%A7%C3%A3o%20de%20determinados%20fen%C3%B4menos%20f%C3%ADsicos.
Vasconcelos, Y. (2019). Márcia Cristina Bernardes Barbosa: More space for women. Revista Pesquisa Fapesp. Retrieved May 22, 2022, from https://revistapesquisa.fapesp.br/en/marcia-cristina-bernardes-barbosa-more-sp
Further reading
Marcos Pivetta, "The bizarre side of water", Revista Fapesp, 2013
External links
Living people
Brazilian physicists
Computational fluid dynamicists
People from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul alumni
Brazilian women physicists
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
21st-century women scientists
Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Don't Move is a horror novel written by James S. Murray and Darren Wearmouth. Published in 2020 by Blackstone Publishing, the story follows a widow named Megan Forrester who embarks on a camping trip with members of a local church. After becoming stranded in a West Virginian forest, they find themselves stalked by a giant prehistoric arachnid that hunts by sensing vibrations.
Development
Author James S. Murray, known for starring in the American television series Impractical Jokers, wrote the novel while self-isolating at their home in Princeton, New Jersey during the COVID-19 pandemic. They co-wrote the book with Darren Wearmouth, who previously collaborated with Murray on the Awakened series.
Reception
A reviewer writing for iHorror concluded that "Murray and Wearmouth succeed at creating a bold page-turner that will keep you on the edge of your seat from the very first chapter to it's terrifying end."
References
2020 American novels
2020s horror novels
Spiders in popular culture
Railef (Srayülef) was an apo ülmen of the Mapuche-Huilliche people in western Futahuillimapu. They were the son of Catrihuala from whom they inherited the position of apo ülmen. During the Chilean Independence War Patriot Coronel Jorge Beauchef arrived to their lands with an army. Railef supported Beauchef and their kona (warriors) fought according to oral tradition alongside Chilean patriots against the Spanish in the Battle of El Toro which they won. Railefs support for the patriots was likely a breach of the accord at Parliament of Las Canoas signed in 1793 where their father had promised to support Spain against its enemies.
References
Huilliche people
19th-century Mapuche people
People of the Chilean War of Independence
Wild Flowers () is a Czech drama film released in 2000. It was directed by F. A. Brabec and based on seven poems from Kytice, a collection of ballads by Karel Jaromír Erben. While relatively successful commercially, the film was deplored by critics for its crude literalism of depiction.
Structure
The 7 stories are as follows:
Kytice (Wild Flowers)
Vodník (The Waterman, or The Water Goblin)
Svatební košile (Wedding Shirts, or The Specter's Bride)
Polednice (The Noon Witch)
Zlatý kolovrat (The Golden Spinning Wheel)
Dceřina kletba (The Daughter's Curse)
Štědrý den (Christmas Eve)
Plot
A Film Story playing from spring to winter and covering 80 years of human life. Seven dramatic human life stories that may play anywhere and in any century. They tell the everlasting story of passion, love desire, obsession and selfishness.
The whole story, the Ballads were written by Czech poet Karel Jaromír Erben a century ago and yet they are still here and alive. Therefore, the authors of the movie decided to choose seven of the ballads and make them a film poetry of a very new style. It is a composition of photography, music and fascinating landscape and architecture.
The first ballad – Wild Flowers - is full of emotions and opens the whole world of different feelings and emotions of the human being as well as fairy tale creatures. It carries the name Bouquet and tells a story of little orphans crying for their mother . The mother hears their cries and prayers and comes back to them in the form of a little flower.
The Waterman is a fascinating slightly horror story about a waterman who falls in love with a country girl. Most of the scenes are shot really in the water and make this very authentic. It is again an eternal story about love, passion, different aspects of motherhood and discrimination.
The Noon-Day witch is tells of a desperate, tired mother and a greedy old noon witch. The mother is frustrated when their child is noisy and bothering them in every respect, therefore they call the witch to give the boy a lesson - however they regret their desperate deed immediately, its consequences are irretrievable.
The Wedding Dress is a romantic horror played between our world and the world of the dead.
The Daughter's Curse is in fact an unfortunate misunderstanding between two different generations. It deals again of the often complicated mother-daughter relationship, especially when the daughter is handicapped and the mother wants “the best” for the poor child. In the end the daughter cannot cope with the freedom and curses their mother.
The Golden Spinning Wheel is a colourful story about the confusing similarity of faces when characters are totally different. It is a great opportunity for one actor who plays both the good and the wicked girl. However the bad ones get punished and the good ones are rewarded as in any good fairy tale. The photography uses the beautiful colours of the fall and the beauty of the landscape.
The last ballad The Christmas Day is closing the circle of a human life in the person of an old woman who accepts their death as a natural ending of their life. They feel in peace with God and their fellow people and knows that they didn't live in vain.
The persons of individual stories keep meeting in between their ballads as on a merry-go round. It is a great poetry composed of pictures, music and words that accompanies us home and makes us ponder over the sense of life and death, love and hate, tolerance and discrimination, tenderness and wild passion for a long time.
Film awards
Czech Lion awards 2000 • Best Photography • Best Music • Best Sound Editing • Best Poster
Rhode Island International Film Festival 2002 • Grand prize for best foreign film
Wine Country Film Festival 2001 • Best photography
Camerimage 2001 • Winner of World Panorama - Audience Competition
External links
Wild Flowers Trailer
Making of Wild Flowers
Wild Flowers Soundtrack
Wild Flowers official music video
Wild Flowers - special shots - K. Roden
Wild Flowers - special shots - Waterman
Wild Flowers - special shots - Masques
2000 films
2000s horror drama films
2000s Czech-language films
Czech horror films
Czech drama films
Folk horror films
Films based on works by Karel Jaromír Erben
Czech Lion Awards winners (films)
2000 drama films
Films based on fairy tales
The following lists events that happened in 2016 in Croatia.
Incumbents
President – Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović
Prime Minister – Zoran Milanović (until 22 February), Tihomir Orešković (22 February – 19 October), Andrej Plenković (starting 19 October)
Events
January
Dragan Vasiljković, a former Serbian paramilitary commander, was charged with war crimes in Croatia on 8 January.
June
June 1 - A large protest in support of education reform is held in Zagreb and other Croatian cities.
August
August 5–21 - 41 athletes from Croatia will compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Deaths
January 23 – Josip Friščić, politician
February 23 – Slobodan Lang, politician
April 14 – Ilija Ivezić, actor
June 18 – Sibe Mardešić, mathematician
July 18 – Mladen Stilinović, artist
July 25 – Slobodan Novak, writer
August 7 – Anđelko Klobučar, composer
September 10 – Jure Radić, engineer and politician
October 1 – Jagoda Kaloper, actor
October 3 – Ljupka Dimitrovska, singer
See also
2016 in Croatian television
References
2010s in Croatia
Years of the 21st century in Croatia
Croatia
Croatia
Southwestern High School was a high school in Southwest Detroit, Michigan. It is part of the Detroit Public Schools district. The school's area, Southwest Detroit, has the majority of Detroit's Latino population. The school was located in a three-story building. It closed in 2012.
The school served Boynton–Oakwood Heights, Delray, and Springwells from September 1916 until June 2012.
History
John A. Nordstrum High School was built in 1915 and began its first semester in September 1916, although the desks had yet to arrive. They were still within a railroad boxcar that had been lost within Detroit's vast railyards. But it was overcrowded within a few years so Southwestern High School was built beside it, with the recent high school to become an intermediate school.
Southwestern was designed with a gymnasium, swimming pool, extensive track and field space, and an auditorium. It was one of the first schools developed following Michigan's enactment of statutes requiring mandatory attendance at high school. The students of adjoining Nordstrum attended the dedication of Southwestern in April 1922, and began using the building immediately, although the first regular classes began in September 1922. The January 1923 yearbook was called the Sou'wester. Its initial student body was heavily Hungarian American.
The growth in Detroit's student population was so rapid, Nordstrom simply became a wing of Southwestern used mainly by ninth and tenth grade students, with the most advanced classes held in the newer building.
In a period prior to 1955, Southwestern was one of the schools serving high school students from the Allen Park School District. That year, Allen Park High School in Allen Park opened.
When integration busing came in 1970, with 350 White American students newly assigned to Southwestern High, student discipline declined. In 1979 the principal died after being hit by a bullet off-campus. By 1982 Joe Greene, who was now principal, instituted a new school discipline program. That year the student body at that time was described as "melting-pot" by Glen Macnow of Detroit Free Press.
In the 1980s Guam-born Manny Crisostomo, working for the Detroit Free Press, received permission from the DPS superintendent to photograph the inside of the school, including the students. They took photographs for 40 weeks, and based on these photographs they won the 1989 Pulitzer Prize Feature Photography Award.
Chadsey High School closed in 2009 and its neighborhoods became part of the Southwestern zone. Population decline continued in Detroit, and specifically in the quantity of schoolchildren in neighborhoods served by Southwestern High School. For several years the district considered closing Southwestern. Robert Bobb, who served as the Detroit Public Schools emergency manager, had almost closed Southwestern. By February 2012 the school district announced that it had plans to close Southwestern at the end of the school year. Several protesters challenged the school closing proposal. Aaron Foley of MLive said that the protesters were concerned about a loss of bilingual education employees and fears of a rivalry with students at Western International High School. The school closed in June 2012. Its neighborhoods were apportioned between Northwestern High School and Western International for summer school and the start of the fall semester in September 2012. The school's contents were auctioned using the internet in October 2012. DPS officials said that making the sale online would save $85,000 of school funds.
By 2014 scrappers and vandals had attacked the closed Southwestern campus.
Campus
The campus has of space. In 2002 a replacement pool was built for $1.25 million.
Curriculum
As of 2000 the school offered training programs in business-oriented technical skills and by that year it included a computer-assisted design computer center. Students were able to take internship and work and school cooperative programs. In 2000 the school did not offer skilled manufacturing and trade courses. These courses were offered at five different technical centers in Detroit, and interested students would arrive to their regular school early and board buses bound for a technical center. That year the technical schools had limited numbers of recruitment information available in Spanish, the primary language of many students at Southwestern.
Notable alumni
Ben Carson, physician and politician
Martha Farkas Glaser, Civil Rights Activist and Manager of Jazz Musician Erroll Garner
former NFL player Dale Hansen
former MLB player Stan Lopata
former MLB player Barney McCosky
former MLB player Merv Rettenmund
former NFL player Luis Sharpe
former MLB player Mike Tresh
Former 1990 Final Four MOP Anderson Hunt (UNLV)
Former Detroit Mercy basketball head coach Bacari Alexander
Former NBA basketball player Tony Robertson
Former NBA basketball player Voshon Lenard
Former NBA basketball player Howard Eisley
Former NBA basketball player Jalen Rose
Basketball head coach and former professional player Antoine Joubert
References
External links
Inside Southwestern High School at Detroiturbex.com
Profile at Detroit Public Schools
Official site (Archive)
Public high schools in Michigan
High schools in Detroit
2012 disestablishments in Michigan
Educational institutions disestablished in 2012
Former high schools in Michigan
1916 establishments in Michigan
Detroit Public Schools Community District
School buildings completed in 1915
Educational institutions established in 1916
KidGuard is a parental monitoring application for iOS and Android mobile phones. The application uses proprietary software to help parents monitor their children's text messages, browser history, social media activity, stored videos or photos, emails, and phone GPS location.
History
KidGuard was developed by a Los Angeles-based team and officially released in 2016. After KidGuard's launch, the application received coverage on ABC News and Inc. Magazine.
In 2017, KidGuard partnered with the startup incubator OnRamp Lab, located in Taipei, Taiwan. The same year, international security consultant Gene Yu joined the KidGuard advisory board to aid with kidnapping response and prevention measures.
In 2020, Kidguard was the victim of a data breach which released customer data.
Features
Following the software as a service model, KidGuard is run through a web application that allows a parent to view all activity on a child's phone, including:
Reading sent and received text messages, including deleted messages and texts sent via popular alternative messaging applications such as WhatsApp.
Accessing browser history, call history and application usage, including duration and frequency.
Viewing all photos and videos saved to a child's phone,
Using a smartphone's GPS to track location, as well as setting geo-fencing to alert parents.
KidGuard also includes a feature it calls a "Situation 360 Report," in which the application automatically creates a report to aid law enforcement in the event of a child's disappearance. The report includes a full profile of a child's recent locations, behavior and message history.
Controversy
Critics have raised concerns about the potential capability of KidGuard and its competitors to violate privacy laws or to be used as a tool by stalkers and abusers.
In May 2018, KidGuard was featured in a New York Times article which criticized the application's developers for running advertisements aimed at adults attempting to spy on their spouses or discover infidelity. After KidGuard was contacted for comment, a spokesperson responded that these advertisements had been developed by a marketing partner. All content relating to infidelity was subsequently removed from the KidGuard website.
Philanthropy
KidGuard maintains an annual "KidGuard for Education Essay Scholarship" for high school students in the United States. The scholarship is awarded to an undisclosed number of participants, based on the results of an essay content whose topics concern online safety and cyberbullying.
In 2017, KidGuard donated $25,000 in grants to 18 non-profit organizations focused on child safety and online threat prevention. The largest grant of $5,000 was awarded to the Megan Meier Foundation.
See also
Parental controls
mSpy
References
External links
KidGuard Official Website
Woocommerce Mobile App
IOS software
Android (operating system) software
Computer surveillance
Stalkerware
Utamysh (; , Ötemiş) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,634 as of 2010. There are 32 streets.
Geography
Utamysh is located 29 km northwest of Novokayakent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Myurego and Novye Mugri are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Mark Haigh-Hutchinson (20 August 1964 – 15 January 2008) was an English video game developer.  They are most notable for working on Zombies Ate My Neighbors, mid to late 1990s Star Wars titles, and the Metroid Prime games.
Biography
Haigh-Hutchinson started their career at Artic Software, but moved to Vortex Software in 1984. In 1986, they left Vortex for Elite Systems, where they ported Paperboy to the Amstrad CPC. They then later worked at Tiertex. In 1989, they were hired by LucasArts, where they worked until 1999, mostly on Star Wars video games. Since 2000, they worked at Retro Studios, where they developed the camera system for the Metroid Prime series.
On 15 January 2008 Haigh-Hutchinson died in Austin, Texas after battling pancreatic cancer, at the age of 43.  They are survived by their wife, son, and daughter.
Works
Video games
Android One (1984)
Highway Encounter (1985)
Alien Highway (1986)
Revolution (1986)
Paperboy (1987) - Amstrad CPC port
Overlander (1988)
Thunder Blade (1988)
Human Killing Machine (1988) (a semi-official sequel to Street Fighter)
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: The Action Game (1989)
World Cup Italia '90 (1990)
Magic Boy (1993)
David Robinson's Supreme Court (1993)
Star Wars: Rebel Assault (1993)
Sam & Max Hit the Road (1993)
Zombies Ate My Neighbors (1993)
Big Sky Trooper (1995)
Star Wars: Dark Forces (1995)
Shadows of the Empire (1996)
Star Wars: Rogue Squadron 3D (1998)
Star Wars: Episode I Racer (1999)
Metroid Prime (2002)
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes (2004)
Metroid Prime 3: Corruption (2007)
Books
Real-Time Cameras (2008), Morgan Kaufmann,
Sources
Obituary at IGN
Interview at TACGR, 1995
Mark Haigh-Hutchinson at MobyGames
1964 births
2008 deaths
British video game designers
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Headliner () was a Hong Kong television program produced by RTHK that airs on RTHK TV 31 which satires current affairs in Hong Kong, mainland China and the rest of the world. It first aired on 4 April 1989.
The show contains satirical sketches with self-referential humour, along with segments of news clips paired with music (Cantopop in particular), and content from guest contributors. A radio version of the show was briefly aired during the 1990s.
Headliner, being critical of the government in Hong Kong, was suspended indefinitely in May 2020 after the Communications Authority warned the broadcaster for "insulting" the police force in an episode aired on 14 February. RTHK says they will suspend the production of Headliner after this season was completed, the last episode was broadcast on 19 June.
Incidents
Tung Chee-hwa comment
In October 2001, Tung Chee-hwa, the first Chief Executive of Hong Kong, commented that Headliner is "bad-taste production" after an episode aired on 13 October 2001 linked their administration to the Taliban. Chinese state newspapers People's Daily and Ta Kung Pao also criticised the programme and RTHK for being "anti-Tung".
TVB cancellation
On 5 July 2017, a first-run episode of the Headliner which aired a speech by Xi Jinping, General secretary of the Communist Party of China – who was visiting Hong Kong that week – was cancelled by TVB . The episode was later aired on its J5 channel instead, while the RTHK TV 31 premiere remain untouched. TVB was accused for self-censorship. Amen Ng Man-yee, head of corporate communications of RTHK, stated that complaints has been made. Ng added that they are "awfully displeased" and believe that the suspension is "unusual and unprofessional".
Suspension
In February 2020, the Hong Kong Police Force issued an official complaint to the Director of Broadcasting of RTHK about an episode aired on 14 February, objecting in particular to a sketch where a cast member dressed as a police officer suggested that the force stockpiled large amount of personal protective equipment while leaving other government departments and medical workers short amid the COVID-19 outbreak. The police expressed "extreme regret", and argued that the supply is needed for its large workforce.
RTHK later responded that they "[understood] the hard work of the police" but explained the show offered a satirical perspective based on "different voices in the society". RTHK Programme Staff Union also added that the police force should accept public criticism.
The Office of the Communications Authority announced on 18 February that they had received more than 200 complaints about the programme. Edward Yau, the Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development, urged RTHK to abide by its own charter. On 19 February, a group protesting the RTHK defamation of the police gathered outside the Hong Kong Police Headquarters, urging the force to issue a warning letter or sue the broadcaster for libel. Staff of the show thanked the viewers on Facebook, citing the show will do its best with the support from viewers. Within one day, the Headliner team's post had received some 197,000 thumbs up emojis by lunchtime, and over 250,000 signatures were collected in an online petition in support of the programme by April.
In May 2020, the Communications Authority issued a warning to the broadcaster for "insulting" the police force and has promoted "insult and prejudice" by portraying police as trash. RTHK issued an apology to police officers and all others who were offended, and suspended the program, adding that a review would also be done afterwards. Yau said the ruling was fair and should be respected, and urged RTHK review its management.
On 29 January 2021, it was ruled that Headliner has broadcast content that was deemed to be insulting towards the HKPF.
References
External links
Official website
RTHK original programming
News parodies
CAPITAL CITY CONNECTION (CCC) is an Educational television - Government-access television program designed to provide 24/7 viewing of city-related events and activities in Montgomery, Alabama, including live City Council meetings, Planning Commission and Board of Adjustment meetings, press conferences, tours of the Montgomery Zoo, Parks & Recreation sporting events, storybook time by the City-County Library and much more. Capital City Connection (CCC) television is a local Public, educational, and government access (PEG) channel that can be viewed on cable stations Charter 95 and Knology 96 in Montgomery, Alabama.
Montgomery, Alabama
Tjarco Cuppens (born 20 May 1976) is a Dutch former professional racing cyclist, active between 2000 and 2014.
Major wins
1999
1st Sprints classification, Tour de Namur
2000
1st Stage 1 Rás Tailteann
10th Vlaamse Pijl
2002
1st Sprints classification, Tour of Japan
2007
8th Overall Tour de Korea
2008
8th Rund um Düren
2009
1st Stage 3 Ras Mumhan
1st Sprints classification, Flèche du Sud
2011
7th Kernen Omloop Echt-Susteren
2012
1st Time trial, Singapore National Road Championships
2013
1st Road race, Singapore National Road Championships
5th Melaka Governor's Cup
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Dutch male cyclists
People from Hulsberg
Cyclists from Limburg (Netherlands)
William Jacks (18 March 1841 – 9 August 1907) was a British ironmaster, author and Liberal politician.
Early life
Jacks was born at Cornhill-on-Tweed, near Coldstream, Northumberland the son Richard Jacks, a farmer and land flight attendant, and their wife, Mary Lamb. Their father died when they were very young and their mother moved to Swinton, near Duns where they were educated at Swinton Village School. They served an apprenticeship in the shipbuilding yard Pile & Co. at West Hartlepool. In their spare time, they studied foreign languages and other subjects and this helped them develop a career in the iron and steel industry.
Iron merchant
Jacks moved to a shipyard in Sunderland, and then became manager of Sunderland and Seaham Engine Works and Foundry. With their language skills, they were sent on an errand to Italy to intercept goods that the buyer did not intend to pay for, and not only retrieved the goods, but sold them at a higher price and obtained fresh business for their employers. They were encouraged to join a business in Glasgow in 1870 and founded the iron and steel merchants William Jacks & Co in 1880. They built and sold steamers, completed large contracts for ironwork, and became a director of several companies. It was in the 1885 that Jacks took as a junior partner in the firm Bonar Law, future Conservative prime minister. Although Jacks' politics were on the opposite side of those of the junior partner, their example may have had an influence on the younger man.
Political career
In 1885 Jacks was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Leith District of Burghs but in the 1886 general election which followed Gladstone played what was known as the "Leith dirty trick", standing unopposed and thus ousting their former supporter. In the by-election which followed in August 1886 when Gladstone decided to resume the Midlothian seat they had feared losing, Jacks stood as a Liberal Unionist, but was heavily defeated. In the 1892 general election Jacks stood again as a Liberal and was elected MP for Stirlingshire, but lost that seat in 1895.
Jacks was elected Chairman of the British Iron Trade Association in 1893 and was afterwards President of the West of Scotland Iron and Steel Institute and of Glasgow Chamber of Commerce. They were the first Chairman of Commercial College in Glasgow.
Literary career
Jacks first literary work, published in 1894, was a translation of "Nathan the Wise" by Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. In 1896 they published "Robert Burns in other Tongues," on the centenary of the poet's death.
On the strength of this, Glasgow University awarded them an LLD in 1899. Their "Life of Prince Bismarck" brought appreciative letters from Bismarck's son and from Kaiser Wilhelm II, who gave them two volumes, biographies of Wilhelm I and of the Emperor himself. Jack produced "The Life of Their Majesty William II., German Emperor, with a Sketch of their Hohenzollern Ancestors" in 1904.
Personal life
Jacks lived for many years at Crosslet, Dunbarton, but in 1901 they purchased the estate of The Gart, near Callander where they died at the age of 66. They left their collection of books on French, German, Italian and French literature to Glasgow University Library and bequeathed £20,000 to create the chair of German Language and Literature (subsequently renamed Modern Languages) that bears their name.
Notes
References
External links
1841 births
1907 deaths
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Edinburgh constituencies
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1892–1895
Deputy Lieutenants of Stirlingshire
Liberal Unionist Party parliamentary candidates
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Stirling constituencies
19th-century British businesspeople
Simone Vaturi (born 20 July 1988) is an Italian ice dancer. With former partner Lorenza Alessandrini, they are the 2010 and 2013 Cup of Nice silver medalist, 2011 and 2012 Ondrej Nepela Memorial silver medalist, and a two-time Italian national bronze medalist.
Personal life
Simone Vaturi has an elder brother, Andrea Vaturi, who is a choreographer and former competitive ice dancer. As of December 2013, they are a student at the University of Milan.
Career
Early in their career, Vaturi skated with Serena Tancredi.
In 2007, they teamed up with Lorenza Alessandrini. They placed fifth at the 2010 World Junior Championships. Later that year, Alessandrini broke a rib in training causing them to miss the 2010–11 Grand Prix season. They returned to competition to win the senior bronze medal at the Italian Championships and were assigned one of Italy's two ice dance berths to the 2011 European Championships. They finished 16th in their first appearance at the event.
In the 2011–2012 season, Alessandrini/Vaturi made their senior Grand Prix debut at 2011 NHK Trophy where they finished 5th. They again finished third at the Italian Championships. They were not named in the Italian team to the European Championships. Alessandrini/Vaturi were coached by Roberto Pelizzola and Nicoletta Lunghi in Italy until January 2012 when they moved to Detroit, Michigan to train under new coaches Pasquale Camerlengo, Massimo Scali, and Anjelika Krylova. They made their senior World debut at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France.
In mid-December 2012, a fall while training a lift resulted in an injury to Vaturi and the team's withdrawal from the 2013 Italian Championships.
Vaturi ended their partnership in April 2014.
Programs
(with Alessandrini)
Competitive highlights
(With Riazanova)
(With Alessandrini)
References
External links
Italian male ice dancers
1988 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Milan
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Châteaurenault was a steam corvette of the French Navy. Originally designed as a commerce raider, they notably served in the Mediterranean during the tense era before the Russo-Ottoman War of 1877–1878, and took part in the Tonkin campaign and the Sino-French War.
History
From 1857, the French Navy started to envision a series of swift, unarmoured commerce raiders. This arose out of two influences. One was the abolition of privateering, which deprived France of a way to interdict enemy commerce in wartime. The other was the introduction of a new generation of steam-powered frigates, such as , which brought new capabilities for long-range missions.
Châteaurenault was built on an 1850 design by Mangin, similar to that of and Cosmao. Initially named Coquette, they were renamed to Châteaurenault on 18 March 1867, while still under construction, and was launched on 20 July 1868.
They were part of the Northern Squadron from 1870, and took part in the blockade of Germany during the Franco-Prussian War.
In January 1871, they sailed to Halifax for a mission to secure fishing activities off Newfoundland, making a port call in New York from March to April 1871. In March 1872, they sailed to Fort-de-France to serve in the Caribbean stations. On 6 November 1872, they left for Cherbourg, where they were decommissioned.
Recommissioned in December 1873, they sailed to Smyrna to serve with the Levant station. In July 1875, they sailed to Toulon for a refit, before returning to the Levant station. In May 1876, Châteaurenault sailed with the 2nd Division of the Escadre d'Évolution to Tessaloniki in the aftermath of the Salonika Incident. They then returned to Smyrna.
In 1877, they returned to Lorient. Recommissioned in March 1879, they sailed to serve with the Caribbean station again. They returned to Lorient for a refit in May 1881.
In June 1883, they were appointed to the Tonkin division and sailed to the Far East by way of Algiers, Port Saïd and Suez, where they twice ran aground. They arrived in Singapore on 15 July 1883 to take part in the Tonkin campaign. They were part of the squadron that bombarded Vietnamese forts during the Battle of Thuận An, and took part in the Battle of Fuzhou on August 1884 under capitaine de frégate Le Pontois. After a refit in Saigon and a trip to France in 1884, they returned to the Far East and took part in the Pescadores campaign. On 24 March 1885, they took Torpilleur 45 in two and attempted to reach Ningbo, but on 28 March, a storm caused Torpilleur 45 to run aground and to become a total loss.
In September 1885, Châteaurenault returned to Lorient for a refit. In 1887, they undertook a mission to secure fishing operations off Island.
Châteaurenault was struck from the Navy lists on 16 May 1892. In 1895, they were renamed Onglet to serve as a hulk. They were eventually broken up in 1903.
Legacy
The overall layout of Châteaurenault have been published in Alphonse Hauser's Cours de Construction navale (1886), volume 2, illustrated page 334, figure 1676. A plan of the regulator, by Émile Bertin, has been published in Mémorial du Génie maritime, figure 858. The complete plans of the ships are stored at the Service historique de la Marine.
Five photographs of Châteaurenault can be seen in Navires et Histoire, n°29, April 2005, pages 83 to 86.
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
(1671-1870)
Navires et Histoire, n°29, April 2005, pages 83 to 86.
External links
Le Châteaurenault de 1868, croiseur non protégé de la flotte de Napoléon III
Cruisers of the French Navy
Ships built in France
1868 ships
Albert Tertius Myburgh (26 December 1936 – 2 December 1990) was a South African journalist and editor, best known as editor of the Sunday Times between 1975-1990.
Background
Myburgh was the son of Albert Lambert Myburgh. They were educated at Dale College Boys' High School in King William's Town in the Eastern Cape and later studied at the University of Cape Town. Between 1965-1966, they were a Nieman Fellow of journalism at Harvard University in Massachusetts, United States. In the United States they specialized in the fields of politics, economics and foreign affairs.
Career
Myburgh's began their career at The Friend newspaper in Bloemfontein followed by two years working at the London office of the Argus newspaper group. They later returned to South Africa and became political and parliamentary reporter for The Star in Johannesburg in 1963. In 1967 they became assistant editor of the Daily News. Between 1971 and March 1975 they served as editor of the Pretoria News and in April 1975 became editor of the largest newspaper in South Africa, The Sunday Times.
Myburgh was also published by international titles, as a South African associate for the New York Times and Time. They also contributed to the Christian Science Monitor, the Financial Times and the Daily Express.
References
1936 births
1990 deaths
South African journalists
White South African people
University of Cape Town alumni
People from the Eastern Cape
Nieman Fellows
20th-century journalists
Snejana Petrova Sapir is a Russian ballroom dancer, most known for being the champion of the Second Dance World Championship celebrated in Mexico. Snejana won the national Junior & Youth 10 dance championships in Russia and also in the United States.
In 2008, Petrova placed in the top 13 couples with their partner, Erminio Stefano at the Blackpool Dance Festival. Petrova also danced with Nick Novikov and Tony Dovolani.
They also appeared in the tenth season of Dancing with the Stars (United States).
References
Living people
Russian ballroom dancers
Russian female dancers
21st-century Russian dancers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kathleen "Kathy" Foster is an American musician best known as the bassist for the indie rock band The Thermals and drummer for the All-Girl Summer Fun Band.
Foster was raised Catholic in Sunnyvale, California and moved to Portland, Oregon in 1998. With Thermals bandmate Hutch Harris, they were in Haelah, Hutch and Kathy, and Urban Legends. With Foster on bass guitar, the Thermals became a mainstay of the Portland indie rock scene beginning in 2003. They have continued to tour and record since then. They are known for exploring new styles while remaining within the general confines of punk/indie rock. They also perform under the name Butterfly Transformation Service.  They are the owner of the T-shirt company Daydream Factory.
References
External links
Kathy Foster at Discogs
The Thermals' Kathy Foster Gets Lasso'd
Band links
The Thermals Official Site
The Thermals at the Sub Pop Records
All Girl Summer Fun Band Official Site
Living people
Musicians from Portland, Oregon
Sub Pop artists
American women drummers
American women singers
American rock bass guitarists
American rock drummers
American indie rock musicians
African-American rock musicians
American punk rock musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
American punk rock drummers
American punk rock bass guitarists
Indie rock drummers
Women bass guitarists
People from Sunnyvale, California
Singers from Oregon
Guitarists from Oregon
African-American guitarists
African-American women musicians
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Women in punk
African-American Catholics
WMUF may refer to:
WHNY-FM, a radio station (104.7 FM) licensed to serve Henry, Tennessee, United States, which held the call sign WMUF-FM from 1998 to 2010 and WMUF from 2011 to 2019
WHNY (AM), a radio station (1000 AM) licensed to serve Paris, Tennessee, which held the call sign WMUF from 1980 to 2011
WLZK, a radio station (94.1 FM) licensed to serve Paris, Tennessee, which held the call sign WMUF-FM from 1991 to 1997
Anton Strle (21 January 1915 – 20 October 2003) was a Slovenian professor of dogmatic theology and a Catholic priest. They were born in the village of Osredek in the parish of Sveti Vid nad Cerknico. They were ordained priest in 1941 and received their D.D. degree in 1944 from the University of Ljubljana.
After World War II they spent many years in prison and in forced labour, falsely accused like many other priests in communist Yugoslavia. Later they worked as a parish administrator in Planina pri Rakeku. They lectured on dogmatics and patrology for forty years at the Faculty of Theology in Ljubljana.
All the time they were also active in pastoral work, for example in Holy Trinity parish in Ljubljana. They published 45 books and reproduced lecture notes for various fields of theology. They also translated several important works, for example Vera Cerkve (Denzinger's Enchiridion Symbolorum et Definitionum) and all the documents of the Second Vatican Council. For many years, they were a member of the doctrinal commission of the Yugoslav Bishops' Conference and a member of the International Theological Commission of the Holy See in Rome. In 1977, they were appointed a papal domestic prelate by Pope Paul VI.
In March 2015, their cause was officially opened by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ljubljana.  They are currently revered as a Servant of God.
References
Sources
Spiritual family Work about Strle in Slovenian (Duhovna družina Delo o Strletu)
https://web.archive.org/web/20111002121121/http://www.informationdelight.info/encyclopedia/entry/Lloydminster%2C_Alberta/List_of_famous_Slovenians Famous Slovenians
http://www.ask.com/bar?q=Strle+Anton&page=2&qsrc=2457&dm=all&ab=5&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.experiencefestival.com%2F1941_-_january&sg=5qibydILkOTb6AqvUMCBfkkg0%2FpqULEDEF4gniypEcs%3D%0D%0A&tsp=1279403067422 Search ask about Strle Anton
http://www.sticna.com/vrtnice/profesor_anton_strle_1915_2003.html Professor Anton Strle - On way to Roses (Lecture about Jesus's Heart) in Slovenian (Professor Anton Strle – Vrtnicam na pot)
1915 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Slovenian Roman Catholic priests
Slovenian theologians
International Theological Commission
University of Ljubljana alumni
University of Ljubljana faculty
Roman Catholic domestic prelates
Slovenian Servants of God
21st-century venerated Christians
People from the Municipality of Cerknica
Thomas Bayne McDonald (12 September 1907 – 26 March 1987) was a pioneering New Zealand winemaker. They were born at Greenmeadows, New Zealand, on 12 September 1907. In the 1974 New Year Honours, McDonald was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, for services to winemaking.
McDonald's name lives on through Montana Wines' flagship red wine Tom, and through the McDonald Cellar at the Church Road Winery.
References
1907 births
1987 deaths
20th-century New Zealand businesspeople
New Zealand winemakers
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Napier, New Zealand
Elena Krykanova, also romanized as Krikanova, () is a former ice dancer who represented the Soviet Union. With former partner Evgeni Platov, they are a three-time World Junior champion (1984–1986). They began skating together around December 1976 in Odessa and were coached by Boris Rublev until 1982 when they moved to Moscow to train under Natalia Dubova.
In January 1990, they defected to the United States along with Gorsha Sur, Igor Shpilband, and Veronica Pershina.
Results
(with Platov)
References
Navigation
1960s births
Soviet female ice dancers
Sportspeople from Odesa
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Samburgskoye gas field is a natural gas field located in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. It was discovered in 2006 and developed by and Novatek. It began production in 2012 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Samburgskoye gas field are around 3.47 trillion cubic feet (97.8×109m³), and production is slated to be around 92.2 million cubic feet/day (2.6×105m³) in 2010.
References
Natural gas fields in Russia
Suburban Home Records and Distribution is a record label based in Denver, Colorado, United States. The label was founded in 1995 by Virgil Dickerson, and is known for focusing on vinyl releases and bands in the pop-punk and alt-country genres. Its roster has included Two Cow Garages, Drag the River, Oblivion, The Gamits, and Apocalypse Hoboken. In 2006 the label founded the Vinyl Collective, an online store that serves as a community hub for independent vinyl collectors.
History
Suburban Home was founded and continues to be operated by Virgil Dickerson. Dickerson, who was attending college in Boulder, Colorado at University of Colorado Boulder, had started the first pop punkfanzine for the local scene in September 1995. They named the fanzine Suburban Home after the song "Suburban Home" by The Descendents. They then booked shows at the campus-run Club 156 from 1995 to 1997, and began booking shows across Colorado as well.
Some of Dickerson's friends started bands and needed a label to release their first records, so they created a record label under the name Suburban Home in 1996. The label began releasing local pop-punk albums on seven-inch vinyl and home-burned CDs. The first release was the Orange County band Overlap in the summer of 1996. The second release was by The Fairlanes. Early on the label also put out the compilation album Punk: It's All About the Orchis Factor, which included early releases by bands such as Blink-182, Oblivion, and FOUR! The label initially operated distribution by mail order only, advertising in various music magazines.
In 1997 Dickerson moved to work as manager at Hopeless Records in Los Angeles, who had just signed Against All Authority. After about a year they moved back to Denver, Colorado to run Suburban Home full-time. In 1998 the label opened a music retail store in Denver called Bakamono, which sold music, clothing, books, and fanzines. The store did well for a time, then closed a year later. The label started selling online in 1999. After the release of It's Crazy by Drag the River in 2000, the label began branching out from pop-punk and releasing alt-country and Americana albums as well.
Suburban Home is currently an established distributor and show promoter, and in 2011 the label helped support the creation of the Colorado label Greater Than.
The Vinyl Collective
Suburban Home Records focused on vinyl releases from its inception, only to abandon vinyl in the late 1990s and early 2000s when the format went out of style. In 2006 the label again began releasing vinyl, starting with bands like Every Time I Die and Fear Before the March of Flames. The releases did well and the label started the online vinyl community Vinyl Collective, which quickly grew in popularity. The Vinyl Collective serves as both a blog and a vinyl-only online record store.
The Vinyl Collective has released vinyl by bands such as Minus the Bear, Every Time I Die, and Portugal the Man. In January 2011 the Vinyl Collective was acquired by Fork Radio Inc., Mightier Than Swords Records and Academy Fight Song. It was relaunched in February 2011 as a community for independent vinyl collectors.
Artists
Current
Alone at 3am
Armchair Martian
Austin Lucas
Chad Price
Drag The River
The Gamits
In The Red
Joey Cape of Lagwagon
Jon Snodgrass of Armchair Martian
Josh Small
Jr. Juggernaut
Kay Kay and Their Weathered Underground
Lizzie Huffman
Look Mexico
Michael Dean Damon
Mike Hale
Nightmares For A Week
Ninja Gun
Oblivion
The Playing Favorites
The Takers
Tim Barry of Avail
Two Cow Garages
Yesterday's Ring
Former
Adventures of Jet
Apocalypse Hoboken
The Fairlanes
Ghost Buffalo
LaGrecia
Layman Terms
Love Me Destroyer
The Revenge
Scott Reynolds and the Steaming Beast
Useless ID
Stereotyperider
See also
[neetesh Choudhary ]
References
Further reading
American Rock Mix: "Suburban Home Records Podcast" (July 2011)
Smalldoggie Magazine: (September 2010)
External links
Vinyl Collective
American record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Indie rock record labels
Punk record labels
Cover story or Cover Story may refer to:
A magazine or newspaper article whose subject appears on that issue's front cover, and may be profiled in depth.
A fictitious explanation intended to hide one's real motive; see disinformation, cover-up and limited hangout
Cover Story (2000 film), a Malayalam-language film
Cover Story (2002 film), an American film
Cover Story (2011 film), a Hindi-language film
Cover Story (TV series), an American documentary series on the Game Show Network (GSN), which debuted in 2018
See also
Cover (disambiguation)
Story (disambiguation)
Galliano Masini (7 February 1896 – 15 February 1986) was a leading Italian operatic tenor, particularly associated with the spinto (lyric-dramatic) roles of the Italian repertory.
Masini was born in Livorno in humble circumstances. They studied singing in Milan. Some sources say that their teacher was the renowned tenor Angelo Bendinelli, while others suggest another teacher, Giovanni Laura. They made their debut in their native Livorno, as Cavaradossi in Giacomo Puccini's Tosca in 1923.
They sang as first tenor at the Rome Opera from 1930 to 1950, and was also a regular guest artist at La Scala, Milan, and the Verona Arena. Outside Italy, they appeared at the Paris Opéra, the Lyric Opera of Chicago (1937–38), the Metropolitan Opera in New York (1938–39), and the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires (various years).
Masini was particularly acclaimed in roles such as Alvaro, Radames, Loris and Calaf, although they also enjoyed success in more lyrical parts, notably as Edgardo, Rodolfo and Pinkerton.
They died in Livorno at the age of 90.
Masini was not regarded by music critics as being a particularly subtle stylist as a singer; but the impressive quality of their vocal instrument was unquestioned. Their large, ardent and ringing voice can be heard to the best advantage in a complete recording of Verdi's La forza del destino, under the baton of Gino Marinuzzi, that was made by Cetra Records in 1941. This was the first ever complete recording of this work. Masini also made a number of recordings of individual opera arias. These date from 1929 through until the late 1940s. Many of them have been reissued in recent years on CD.
Sources
Le guide de l'opéra, Roland Mancini & Jean-Jacques Rouveroux, (Fayard, 1986)
1896 births
1986 deaths
Italian operatic tenors
People from Livorno
20th-century Italian male opera singers
The Pharmacy Council of India (PCI) is the statutory body under Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
It is constituted under the Pharmacy Act, 1948. The Council was first constituted on 4 March 1948. dr.montukumar Patel is elected as new president.
Members
The Pharmacy Council of India is constituted by central government every five years. .
There are three types of members collectively forms a frame of PCI
Elected members
Nominated members
Ex-officio members
Objectives
The objectives of the PCI are:-
To regulate the pharmacy education in the Country.
To allow the registration as a pharmacist under the pharmacy act.
To regulate the profession and practice of pharmacy.
Main functions of PCI
The main functions of the PCI are:
To prescribe minimum standard of education required for qualifying as a pharmacist. (Ref.: section 10 of the Pharmacy Act)
Framing of Education Regulations prescribing the conditions to be fulfilled by the institutions seeking approval of the PCI for imparting education in pharmacy. (Ref.: section 10 of the Pharmacy Act)
To ensure uniform implementation of the educational standards throughout the country. (Ref. : section 10 of the Pharmacy Act)
Inspection of Pharmacy Institutions seeking approval under the Pharmacy Act to verify availability of the prescribed norms. (Ref.: section 16 of the Pharmacy Act)
To approve the course of study and examination for pharmacists i.e. approval of the academic training institutions providing pharmacy courses. (Ref. : section 12 of the Pharmacy Act)
To withdraw approval, if the approved course of study or an approved examination does not continue to be in conformity with the educational standards prescribed by the PCI. (Ref.: section 13 of the Pharmacy Act)
To approve qualifications granted outside the territories to which the Pharmacy Act extends i.e. the approval of foreign qualification. (Ref. : section 14 of the Pharmacy Act)
To maintain Central Register of Pharmacists. (Ref. : section 15 A of the Pharmacy Act)
References
Pharmacy organisations in India
Medical and health government agencies of India
Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
1948 establishments in India
Government agencies established in 1948
Phil Hart is a Republican Idaho Legislature District 2 State Senate candidate.  They are a successful Kootenai and Shoshone County business person. Hart stopped filing both federal and state income tax returns in 1996 while they unsuccessfully pressed a federal lawsuit challenging the federal income tax as unconstitutional. After the case was rejected, they began filing returns again, but authorities said they never fully paid up. He's also been fighting an order to pay more than $53,000 in back state income taxes; the federal settlement doesn't cover the state taxes. Phil Hart was a Republican Idaho State Representative from 2004 to 2012 representing District 3 in the B seat.
Education
Hart earned their bachelor's degree in civil engineering from the University of Utah and their MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Elections
2018
Hart was defeated by incumbent Paul Shepherd in the Republican primary taking 41.3% of the vote.
2012
Redistricted to 2B, Hart lost the four-way May 15, 2012, Republican primary to Ed Morse, getting only 31.2% of the vote.
2010
Hart was unopposed for the Republican Primary.
Hart won the general election with 80.1% of the vote against write-in candidate Howard Griffiths.
2008
Hart won the Republican primary with 2,714 votes against David Rawls
Hart was unopposed for the general election votes.
2006
Hart won the Republican primary with 57% of the vote, again against Wayne R. Meyer.
Hart was unopposed for the general election.
2004
Hart challenged Wayne R. Meyer in the May 25, 2004, Republican primary, winning with 60.25% of the vote.
Hart won the general election by defeating Wayne R. Meyer again this time as a write-in candidate, with 91% of the vote.
2002
When Republican Representative Kris Ellis was re-districted to District 4, Hart ran as the Constitution Party nominee, but lost the November 5, 2002, general election to Republican Wayne R. Meyer only getting 31.7% of the vote.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Idaho Republicans
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Shoshone County, Idaho
University of Utah alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Zenbu Kimi no Sei da. (ぜんぶ君のせいだ。) is a Japanese idol girl group formed in 2015. They released their debut album, "Yamikawa IMRAD", on January 27, 2016.
Members
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Re-recorded albums
Compilation albums
Singles
References
External links
Official website
Japanese girl groups
Japanese idol groups
Japanese pop music groups
Musical groups from Tokyo
Musical groups established in 2015
2015 establishments in Japan
Anders Spole (13 June 1630 – 1 August 1699) was a Swedish mathematician and astronomer. They were born at a farm in , the son of blacksmith Per Andersson and their wife Gunilla Persdotter. At the age of twelve they started studying at Jönköpings skola and was sent to the University of Greifswald in 1652. After three years of studies they continued at other universities in Prussia and Saxony, until their return to Barnarp in 1655, where they started preaching in the local church. They continued to study mathematics at Uppsala University, while at the same time being a tutor baron Sjöblad's sons. In 1663, they became a master craftsman of fireworks and the arts of navigation. The following year they accompanied the young Sjöblads on their peregrination around Europe.
When they returned in 1667, they were named professor in mathematics at the newly founded Lund University; in 1672 they became the principal of that university. They retained this position until 1676 when the university was dissolved because of the Scanian War. During this war they fought on the Swedish side, and they held ground at the fortress in Jönköping. They fought at the Battle of Landskrona in 1677.
In 1679, they took up a professorship in astronomy at Uppsala University, and built an astronomical observatory in their home in central Uppsala. The building, along with all their instruments, was destroyed in the large city fire in Uppsala in 1702. In 1695, by the order of King Karl XI, they travelled to Torneå and Kengis together with Johannes Bilberg to study the midnight sun.
Spole married Martha Lindelius, a distant relative of Carl von Linné, in 1669. Spole's sons were knighted in 1715 for their conduct during the war. Their grandson Anders Celsius was an astronomer who invented a temperature scale where 100 originally represented the freezing point of water and 0 represented the boiling point. Jean-Pierre Christin, in 1744 reversed the scale to create the centigrade scale, renamed in 1948 to the Celsius scale in use today.
References
External links
Swedish Biographical Dictionary entry
17th-century Swedish mathematicians
17th-century Swedish astronomers
1630 births
1699 deaths
Lund University faculty
Uppsala University faculty
Uppsala University alumni
Place of birth missing
Tush Magazine is a Nigerian-based glossy full colour magazine which is released quarterly both in print and digital versions of the magazine. It targets the youth market and its contents include articles, coverage and interviews which focus on music, fashion, movie, art, technology, events, relationships, and business. Published by Tush Kingdom Media, Tush Magazine has 22 issues, is printed in English language and is distributed all over Nigeria and on the internet. Tush Magazine also has a Meet and Greet events where personalities featured in each issue give out free autographed copies of Tush Magazine alongside other gifts.
History
Tush Magazine was launched in February 2012 but started operations in August 2012. Artists who have been on the covers of Tush Magazine NG include: Charity {Most beautiful girl in Nigeria, ECOWAS 2009}. Ice Prince, Eva, Hakym, Jerrilyn (Liberia), Yung6ix, Yemi Alade, Skales, Seyi Shay, Emma Nyra, Endia, Ehiz (MTV Base), Enzo, Dammy Krane, Di'Ja, Victoria Kimani, Cynthia Morgan, Praiz, D'banj, Banky W MI Abaga, Jesse Jagz, Adekunle Gold, Aramide (musician) and BOJ, Ice Prince, Toni Tones, Olamide, YCEE, Beverly Naya, DJ Spinall, Kehinde Bankole Enyinna, Niniola, Frank Donga, Nasty C
Tush Magazine has built a strong relationship with several media and music related companies within and outside the shores of Nigeria, it also hosted a session at the Social Media Week where it talked about the benefits of combining digital and print publishing for publishers. So far, Tush Magazine has witnessed two Meet and Greet events featuring Emma Nyra, Endia & OD Woods and also another event featuring Praiz, Goddess of Skillz & DJ Lo.
Its digital magazine is also available for subscription and downloads across major African blogs and on Magzter - the largest digital newsstand in the world.
References
External links
Official website
Magazines published in Nigeria
Online magazines published in Nigeria
Conor Leach is an Australian actor who starred in Sequin in a Blue Room (2019). They grew up in Brisbane and graduated from the Victorian College of the Arts, Melbourne with a degree in theater in 2017.
They have also appeared in television series New Gold Mountain (2021) and Preacher (2019).
In 2022 Leach starred in Fourteen, a play about a teenager growing up in Queensland.
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Australian actors
21st-century Australian male actors
Actors from Brisbane
Male actors from Brisbane
Victorian College of the Arts alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Walton Mellor (3 October 1814 – 17 February 1902) was a British cotton manufacturer and Conservative politician.
Early years
Thomas was the third son of Thomas Mellor of Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, and their wife Mary Walton of Stalybridge, Cheshire. They were christened on 30 October 1814 at the parish church of St Michael Ashton-under-Lyne.
Career
They became a major "cotton master" in Ashton, and led the opposition to the costs of the town obtaining a charter of incorporation as a municipal borough in 1847. They were a magistrate for the borough of Ashton and the counties palatine of Chester and Lancaster.
In 1868 Mellor was elected as Member of Parliament for Ashton-under-Lyne, describing themselves as "a Conservative with Liberal tendencies". They stood down from parliament in 1880.
Family life
They married Jane Leigh of Compsall Bridge in 1849 and they had a son, John Edward.
Death
Mellor died at Ashton-under-Lyne 17 February 1902.
References
External links
1814 births
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
1902 deaths
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Ashton-under-Lyne
David Linde (born February 8, 1960) is the CEO of the Los Angeles, California-based film production company Participant, a position to which they were appointed in October 2015. Prior to their role at Participant, Linde had leading roles at Universal Pictures, Focus Features, Good Machine, and Lava Bear Films, where films released during their tenures collectively earned more than $14 billion globally, with 158 Oscar nominations and 34 wins.
Early life and education
Linde was born and raised in Eugene, the son of law professor and Oregon Supreme Court Justice, Hans A. Linde and Helen Tucker Linde. Their father was Jewish and their mother is Presbyterian. In 1978, Linde graduated from South Eugene High School. After attending Swarthmore College, they moved to New York City where their girlfriend (later their wife) had moved. In New York, they worked as a paralegal for Paramount Pictures from 1984-1988 where they supervised sales of select international theatrical rights at Paramount Pictures; and then as co-head of the international department at Fox Lorber Associates from 1988-1991 where they directed the sales of more than 300 independently produced film, documentary and television titles.
Career
Linde joined Miramax Films in 1991 as Vice President of Acquisitions before being promoted to Executive Vice President and Head of Sales as the founding executive of Miramax Films International. While at Miramax, they oversaw the international distribution of Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, Woody Allen's Mighty Aphrodite, Wes Craven's Scream and Anthony Minghella's multi-Academy Award-winning The English Patient.
Linde served as both co-president and partner of the production company Good Machine and President and founder of Good Machine International, beginning in January 1997. GMI handled the international distribution of films including Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (of which Linde was executive producer), Alfonso Cuaron's Y tu mamá también (of which Linde was executive producer). Joel Coen and Ethan Coen's The Man Who Wasn't There, and Todd Field's In the Bedroom. Films distributed by GMI earned six Academy Awards from 22 nominations, including two for Best Pictures and five Golden Globes from 18 nominations. While at Good Machine, Linde also executive produced Todd Solondz's Happiness. In 2002, Linde and their partners sold the Good Machine companies to Universal Pictures and created Focus Features.
As co-president of Focus Features and president of its genre production unit, Rogue Pictures. Linde oversaw a slate that featured Roman Polanski's The Pianist, Sofia Coppola's Lost in Translation and Fernando Meirelles' The Constant Gardener, as well as Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain. During Linde's tenure at Focus, the company was honored with 53 Oscar nominations resulting in 11 Academy Awards. In 2008, Linde oversaw the sale of Rogue Pictures to Relativity Media.
In 2002, Linde was promoted to co-chairperson of Universal Pictures and subsequently, Chairman. During their tenure, Universal significantly grew its international distribution and production platform across all media and launched Universal's family/animation banner, Illumination Entertainment.
In 2011, Linde founded Lava Bear Films, a film production and financing company developing projects specifically designed for the global marketplace, and served as the company's CEO.
Linde has long-lasting relationships in global filmmaking, most recently serving as executive producer of Alejandro González Iñárritu's Academy Award-nominated Biutiful, producer of Fernando Meirelles' 360, and as executive producer of Zhang Yimou's The Flowers of War starring Christian Bale. Most recently, Linde executive produced Yimou's Coming Home which premiered at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, Jonas Cuaron's Desierto, and Alfonso Cuaron's Roma.
Since joining Participant as its CEO in 2015, Linde has overseen two best picture Academy Award winners — Green Book and Spotlight — along with the best documentary feature Oscar for American Factory and two best foreign-language Oscars for Roma and A Fantastic Woman. They also expanded the company's content approach to include episodic television series and digital short form video through the acquisition of SoulPancake. In September 2019, Participant extended Linde's contract as CEO with a multi-year deal.
Filmography
They were producer for all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
Thanks
Television
Recognition
Throughout their career Linde has been recognized with numerous awards including The Will Rogers Motion Picture Pioneer of the Year, General Electric's chairperson's Award for Performance Turnaround, the Anti-Defamation League's Distinguished Entertainment Industry Award, the 21st Israel Film Festival – Visionary Award, New York Magazine: Best Of The Industry Award, and the Gotham Award For Distinguished Achievement, among others. Linde serves on the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' Board of Governors, on Film Independent's Board of Directors, on American Film Institute's Board of Trustees, and on the New Road School's Board of Trustees.
Personal life
Linde is married to Felicia Rosenfeld.
References
External links
Living people
20th-century American Jews
American entertainment industry businesspeople
Swarthmore College alumni
Businesspeople from Eugene, Oregon
South Eugene High School alumni
Film producers from Oregon
1960 births
American independent film production company founders
21st-century American Jews
Quintin Esterhuizen (born ) is a Namibian rugby union player, currently playing with the Namibia national team. Their regular position is prop.
Rugby career
Esterhuizen was born in Springs in South Africa, but grew up in Windhoek. They were selected to represent Namibia at Under-16 and Under-18 level between 2010 and 2012, and made their test debut for in 2014 against . They also represented the in the South African domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions since 2015.
References
External links
Namibian rugby union players
Living people
1994 births
People from Springs, Gauteng
Rugby union props
Namibia international rugby union players
University of South Africa alumni
People educated at Windhoek High School
Sportspeople from Gauteng
The Sneak Attack is the fourth solo studio album by American musician KRS-One. It was released on April 24, 2001 via Koch Records. Recording sessions took place at Unique Recording Studios in New York and at Embassy Recording Studios in Los Angeles, with additional recording at 7888 Recording Studios in Woodhaven, Queens. Production was handled by Kenny Parker, Domingo, BJ Wheeler, Fredwreck, Grand Daddy I.U., Mad Lion, MC Jazzy Jeff, and KRS-One himself.
In the United States, the album peaked at number 43 on the Billboard 200, number 9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and topped the Independent Albums chart.
The song "Hush" appeared in the video game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3.
Critical reception
The Sneak Attack was met with generally favorable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 69 based on eight reviews.
Sonicnet reviewer praised the artist, saying that KRS-One "delivers all this with passion and booming authority: the teacher is back in front of the classroom, where they belong". Nathan Rabin of The A.V. Club stated: "as unmistakably old-school as a fat gold chain and a pair of unlaced Adidas sneakers.... They deliver a raw, grimy set of anthems as noncommercial as anything he's done". NME reviewer wrote: "as a sort of lyrical sermon from the mount with uptempo beats to crush the weak-hearted, The Sneak Attack raises the stakes on the microphone skills front as KRS-One lectures, hectors, drops streetwise politics, and laments the state of the world".
In mixed reviews, Alternative Press critic found out that the album "proves this pioneer and innovator's run is far from over". Writing for Rolling Stone, Neil Drumming said that the artist "still commands attention, but their booming voice and confidence now deliver warmer, fuzzier messages". Blender reviewer stated: "Sadly, Sneak Attack also reflects the influence of Professor One's recent ubiquity on the college-lecture circuit; windy speechifying interludes take up a third of the record. Too bad -- when they do rap, they show twice the gusto of many rappers half their age". David Bry of Vibe claimed that "KRS-One sounds as hungry and passionate as ever.... Unfortunately, a barrage of rigid, same-sounding beats and canned choruses detracts from Attack's effectiveness". Evan Serpick of Entertainment Weekly wrote: "the most compelling lectures can't obscure KRS' drab old-school beats and samples".
Track listing
Personnel
Lawrence "KRS-One" Parker – main artist, scratches (track 4), producer (tracks: 1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 12, 13, 18), mixing (tracks: 3, 5, 6, 8, 12-14, 16, 18), songwriter (tracks: 2-19)
Harold English – backing vocals (track 1), co-producer, engineering (tracks: 1, 12, 14), editing (tracks: 2-6, 8-11, 13-16), engineering assistant (tracks: 17, 19)
Nyce of the Breeze Team – additional vocals (tracks: 5, 15), songwriter (track 15)
April S. Williams – additional vocals & songwriter (tracks: 7, 16), mixing (track 16)
Hezekiah Walker Choir – additional vocals (tracks: 11, 19)
William "Willie D." Broady – songwriter (tracks: 2, 10)
Kenny Parker – producer (tracks: 2, 7, 11, 16), mixing (tracks: 7, 16)
Ayyub Cave – producer (track 4)
Jeffrey Miree – producer (track 4)
Domingo Padilla – producer (tracks: 9, 10, 14), mixing (tracks: 9, 10), additional mixing (track 4)
Bruno J. Wheeler – producer & mixing (track 15)
Farid "Fredwreck" Nassar – producer (track 17)
Oswald "Mad Lion" Priest – producer (track 19)
Matt Hathaway – engineering (tracks: 2, 5, 9, 11, 14, 18), mixing (tracks: 2, 11, 18), editing (track 18)
John Anderson – engineering (tracks: 3, 4, 6-10, 13, 15, 16), mixing (tracks: 4, 7, 15)
"Filthy Rich" Richard Ahee – engineering (track 10)
Milton Chan – engineering & mixing (tracks: 17, 19)
Kaori Kinoshita – engineering assistant (tracks: 2, 5, 9, 14, 18)
Lys – engineering assistant (tracks: 2, 11)
Max Velez – engineering assistant (tracks: 3, 4, 13)
Doug Robertson II – engineering assistant (tracks: 7, 8)
Mike "Music Rocka" McCalla – engineering assistant (tracks: 8, 9, 15)
Aaron K. – engineering assistant (track 10)
Mike D. – engineering assistant (track 10)
Makery Pacius – engineering assistant (track 14)
Jowan – engineering assistant (track 16)
Simone Parker – executive producer
George DelGiorno – design
Benoît Peverelli – photography
Adam Jaynes – A&R
Cliff Cultreri – A&R
Dee Sonaram – marketing
Duncan Stanbury – lacquer cut
Scott "DJ Scott La Rock" Monroe Sterling – overseen by
Charts
References
External links
2001 albums
KRS-One albums
E1 Music albums
Albums produced by KRS-One
Albums produced by Fredwreck
Albums produced by Domingo (producer)
Santo António (Portuguese meaning "Saint Anthony") is a civil parish in the northwestern part of the municipality of Funchal on the island of Madeira. It is located about 3 km northwest of central Funchal. The most populous civil parish in the archipelago, it extends into the mountainous interior of the island. The population in 2011 was 27,383, in an area of 22.16 km2.
History
The settlement that existed in this area was primarily small artisan shops, that congregated around a small chapel dedicated to Santo António, in the late 16th century, when it was elevated to ecclesiastical parish. It includes the barrio of Madalena, situated around a now disappeared chapel to Santa Maria Madalena, also Santa Quitéria which is home to Madeira Shopping, the biggest shopping centre on Madeira.
Notable people
Cristiano Ronaldo
References
Parishes of Funchal
The solicitor general of Florida or Florida solicitor general is the top appellate (appeals) solicitor (lawyer) for the U.S. State of Florida. It is an appointed position in the Office of the Florida Attorney General and the individual serves at the pleasure of the attorney general. Many of the cases handled by the Solicitor are argued in the United States Supreme Court and the Supreme Court of Florida. However some cases within the solicitor's responsibilities are under the jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit and the state appellate courts. The solicitor represents the Florida attorney general before the Florida Supreme Court and other appellate courts, as needed. They also decide whether the State of Florida has an interest in all cases filed in the Florida Supreme Court and if the state should file or join an amicus brief.
History
The position was created in July 1999 at the request of Florida attorney general Bob Butterworth and was first filled by Tom Warner.
It is a similar position to solicitors in many states and is modeled after the United States solicitor general. By 2003, twenty-nine states had solicitors general, although only eight had them fifteen years earlier.
The solicitor does not always argue constitutional law. Most states' attorneys general offices have had separate divisions with chiefs specializing in state and federal appellate works. Organizing the department with a separate solicitor general is a model that states are using in attempt to promote the professionalism and quality of the work. This strategy generally gives the attorney general more of specialist who may be somewhat of a legal scholar on staff. Also, the solicitor is typically someone who was not involved in the attorney general's campaign and is thus someone who is more likely to offer a different perspective than other lawyers who are entrenched in the department. The position is currently held by Henry C. Whitaker.
Teaching
The Florida solicitor general holds the Richard W. Ervin Eminent Scholar Chair, named to honor former attorney general and Florida Supreme Court chief justice Richard Ervin. The individual holding the chair teaches advanced courses at the Florida State University College of Law. As such, Florida State University pays half of the solicitor's salary, $165,000 as of 2010.
An externship program was established to allow a small number of law students the opportunity to work directly with the solicitor on active cases and receive up to six hours of course credit while gaining practical experience in appellate procedures and constitutional law.
List of solicitors
The following is a table of Florida state solicitors.
References
1999 establishments in Florida
The Middle East South Asia Conference (MESAC) is an athletic and academic conference consisting of six international schools in the Middle East and India. The conference was formed in 2010 for the purpose of creating a smaller, more intimate medium for athletic and academic competitions compared to the conference's predecessor, EMAC. Events are hosted at one of the conference's six schools in India, Oman, Qatar, and the UAE. From 2017 to 2019, students from the American School of Doha couldn't travel to the UAE, and as a result could not attend any of the events hosted in the UAE schools.
Member Schools
Current members:
American British Academy - Oman
American Community School of Abu Dhabi - UAE
American Embassy School - India
American School of Doha - Qatar
American School of Dubai - UAE
Dubai American Academy - UAE
Former members:
Cairo American College - Egypt
Events
Teams are usually divided into Junior Varsity (grades 8-10) and Varsity (grades 11-12) divisions, with each competing at its own MESAC athletic event. Most of the sporting events are also divided in Boys and Girls events. In addition, most events include both a Boys and Girls tournament at the same level. There are Fine Arts events where all the schools associated with MESAC come together to perform and display several works of art. The events that are performed are: choir songs, band instrumentals and a drama piece. A few visual art pieces are displayed too.
In rare occasions (if the athlete is good enough and aged 16 or older) 9th and 10th graders are allowed to play varsity. All athletes over the age of 17, however, are required to play at the varsity level. Events represented in MESAC competitions (by season) are:
Fall
Academic Games
Golf
Swimming
Volleyball
Winter
Basketball
Cross-Country
Fine Arts
Soccer/Football
Tennis
Spring
Badminton
Baseball/Softball
Forensics/Debate
Track and Field
References
Sport leagues established in 2010
High school sports
Sports organizations of Asia
Sports associations
In 1922, American physicist William Duane presented a discrete momentum-exchange model of the reflection of X-ray photons by a crystal lattice. Duane showed that such a model gives the same scattering angles as the ones calculated via a wave diffraction model, see Bragg's Law.
The key feature of Duane's hypothesis is that a simple quantum rule based on the lattice structure alone determines the quanta of momentum that can be exchanged between the crystal lattice and an incident particle.
In effect, the observed scattering patterns are reproduced by a model where the possible reactions of the crystal are quantized, and the incident photons behave as free particles, as opposed to models where the incident particle acts as a wave, and the wave then 'collapses' to one of many possible outcomes.
Duane argued that the way that crystal scattering can be explained by quantization of momentum is not explicable by models based on diffraction by classical waves, as in Bragg's Law.
Duane applied their hypothesis to derive the scattering angles of X-rays by a crystal. Subsequently, the principles that Duane advanced were also seen to provide the correct relationships for optical scattering at gratings, and the diffraction of electrons.
Early Developments in Quantum Theory
In 1905, Albert Einstein presented the hypothesis that the photoelectric effect could be explained if a beam of light was composed of a stream of discrete particles (photons), each with an energy () the energy (E) of each photon being equal to the frequency (f) multiplied by Planck's constant (h).
Later, in 1916 Albert Einstein also showed that the recoil of molecules during the emission and absorption of photons was consistent with, and necessary for, a quantum description of thermal radiation processes. Each photon acts as if it imparts a momentum impulse p equal to its energy divided by the speed of light, ().
In 1925, shortly before the development of the full mathematical description of quantum mechanics, Born drew Einstein's attention to the then-new idea of "de Broglie's waves". They wrote "It seems to me that a connection of a completely formal kind exists between these and that other mystical explanation of reflection, diffraction and interference using 'spatial' quantisation which Compton and Duane proposed and which has been more closely studied by Epstein and Ehrenfest." Examining the hypothesis of Duane on quantized translational momentum transfer, as it accounted for X-ray diffraction by crystals, and its follow-up by Compton, Epstein and Ehrenfest had written "The phenomena of Fraunhofer diffraction can be treated as well on the basis of the wave theory of light as by a combination of concept of light quanta with Bohr's principle of correspondence." Later, Born and Biem wrote: "Every physicist must accept Duane's rule."
Using Duane's 1923 hypothesis, the old quantum theory and the de Broglie relation, linking wavelengths and frequencies to energy and momenta, gives an account of diffraction of material particles.
Young's two-slit diffraction experiment, with Fourier analysis
Gregory Breit in 1923 pointed out that such quantum translational momentum transfer, examined by Fourier analysis in the old quantum theory, accounts for diffraction even by only two slits. More recently, two slit particle diffraction has been experimentally demonstrated with single-particle buildup of electron diffraction patterns, as may be seen in the photo in this reference<ref>Tonomura, A., Endo, J., Matsuda, T., Kawasaki, T., Ezawa, H. (1989). Demonstration of single‐electron buildup of an interference pattern, Am. J. Phys. 57(2): 117–120.</ref> and with helium atoms and molecules.
Bragg diffraction
A wave of wavelength is incident at angle upon an array of crystal atomic planes, lying in a characteristic orientation, separated by a characteristic distance . Two rays of the beam are reflected from planes separated by distance , where denotes the number of planes of the separation, and is called the order of diffraction. If is such that
then there is constructive interference between the reflected rays, which may be observed in the interference pattern. This is Bragg's law.
The same phenomenon, considered from a different viewpoint, is described by a beam of particles of momentum incident at angle upon the same array of crystal atomic planes. It is supposed that a collective of such atomic planes reflects the particle, transferring to it a momentum , where is a momentum characteristic of the reflecting planes, in the direction perpendicular to them. The reflection is elastic, with negligible transfer of kinetic energy, because the crystal is massive. The initial momentum of the particle in the direction perpendicular to the reflecting planes was . For reflection, the change of momentum of the particle in that direction must be . Consequently,
This agrees with the observed Bragg condition for the diffraction pattern if is such that
or
It is evident that provides information for a particle viewpoint, while provides information for a wave viewpoint. Before the discovery of quantum mechanics, de Broglie in 1923 discovered how to inter-translate the particle viewpoint information and the wave viewpoint information for material particles:Messiah, A. (1961). Quantum Mechanics, volume 1, translated by G.M. Temmer from the French Mécanique Quantique, North-Holland, Amsterdam, p. 52, "relations between dynamical variables of the particle and characteristic quantities of the associated wave". use Planck's constant and recall Einstein's formula for photons:
It follows that the characteristic quantum of translational momentum for the crystal planes of interest is given by
Landé, A. (1951). Quantum Mechanics, Sir Isaac Pitman and Sons, London, p. 20.
Quantum mechanics
According to Ballentine, Duane's proposal of quantum translational momentum transfer is no longer needed as a special hypothesis; rather, it is predicted as a theorem of quantum mechanics. It is presented in terms of quantum mechanics by other present day writers also.Van Vliet, K. (2010). Linear momentum quantization in periodic structures ii, Physica A, 389: 1585–1593, doi:10.1016/j.physa.2009.12.026.Wennerstrom, H. (2014). Scattering and diffraction described using the momentum representation, Advances in Colloid and Interface Science, 205: 105–112.Hickey, T.J. (2014). Twentieth-Century Philosophy of Science:a History, self-published by the author, here.
Diffraction
One may consider a particle with translational momentum , a vectorial quantity.
In the simplest example of scattering of two colliding particles with initial momenta , resulting in final momenta . The momentum transfer is given by
where the last identity expresses momentum conservation.
In diffraction, the difference of the momenta of the scattered particle and the incident particle is called momentum transfer''.
Such phenomena can also be considered from a wave viewpoint, by use of the reduced Planck constant . The wave number is the absolute value of the wave vector , which is related to the wavelength . Often, momentum transfer is given in wavenumber units in reciprocal length
Momentum transfer is an important quantity because is a better measure for the typical distance resolution of the reaction than the momenta themselves.
Bragg diffraction occurs on the atomic crystal lattice. It conserves the particle energy and thus is called elastic scattering. The wave numbers of the final and incident particles, and , respectively, are equal. Just the direction changes by a reciprocal lattice vector with the relation to the lattice spacing . As momentum is conserved, the transfer of momentum occurs to crystal momentum.
For the investigation of condensed matter, neutron, X-ray and electron diffraction are nowadays commonly studied as momentum transfer processes.
Physical accounts of wave and of particle diffraction
The phenomena may be analysed in several appropriate ways. The incoming and outgoing diffracted objects may be treated severally as particles or as waves. The diffracting object may be treated as a macroscopic classical object free of quantum features, or it may be treated as a physical object with essentially quantum character. Several cases of these forms of analysis, of which there are eight, have been considered. For example, Schrödinger proposed a pure wave account of the Compton effect.
Classical diffractor
A classical diffractor is devoid of quantum character. For diffraction, classical physics usually considers the case of an incoming and an outgoing wave, not of particle beams. When diffraction of particle beams was discovered by experiment, it seemed fitting to many writers to continue to think in terms of classical diffractors, formally belonging to the macroscopic laboratory apparatus, and of wave character belonging to the quantum object that suffers diffraction.
It seems that Heisenberg in 1927 was thinking in terms of a classical diffractor. According to Bacciagaluppi & Crull (2009), Heisenberg in 1927 recognized that "the electron is deflected only in the discrete directions that depend on the global properties of the grating." Nevertheless, it seems that this did not lead them to think that the collective global properties of the grating should make it a diffractor with corresponding quantal properties, such as would supply the diffracted electron with a definite trajectory. It seems, rather, that they thought of the diffraction as necessarily a manifestation of wave character belonging to the electron. It seems that they felt this was necessary to explain interference when the electron was detected far from the diffractor. Thus it seems possible that in 1927, Heisenberg was not thinking in terms of Duane's hypothesis of quantal transfer of translative momentum. By 1930, however, Heisenberg thought enough of Duane's hypothesis to expound it in their textbook.
Quantum diffractor
A quantum diffractor has an essentially quantum character. It was first conceived of in 1923 by William Duane, in the days of the old quantum theory, to account for diffraction of X-rays as particles according to Einstein's new conception of them, as carriers of quanta of momentum. The diffractor was imagined as exhibiting quantum transfer of translational momentum, in close analogy with transfer of angular momentum in integer multiples of Planck's constant. The quantum of translational momentum was proposed to be explained by global quantum physical properties of the diffractor arising from its spatial periodicity. This is consonant with present-day quantum mechanical thinking, in which macroscopic physical bodies are conceived as supporting collective modes, manifest for example in quantized quasi-particles, such as phonons. Formally, the diffractor belongs to the quantum system, not to the classical laboratory apparatus.
References
Max Planck
Albert Einstein
Quantum mechanics
Donald McCarthy Mór, 1st Earl of Clancare was the son of Donald MacCormac Ladrach MacCarthy Mor. They married Lady Honora FitzGerald, daughter of James FitzGerald, 13th Earl of Desmond and Móre O'Carroll.
Donald MacCarthy was created a Knight on 26 June 1558 in Limerick, County Limerick, Ireland. McCarthy was created 1st Earl of Clancare and 1st Baron of Valentia in the Peerage of Ireland on 24 June 1565.
In 1588 they sold the McCarthy clan estates to Sir Valentine Browne. Donald resigned as Earl of Clancare in 1597 and renounced their allegiance to England. McCarthy died without surviving male issue and was buried at Murcuss Abbey.
Children of Donald MacCarthy Mor, 1st Earl of Clancare and Lady Honora FitzGerald:
Teige McCarthy Mór, Lord Valentia
Lady Ellen McCarthy
Earls in the Peerage of Ireland
MacCarthy dynasty
Peers of Ireland created by Elizabeth I
The High Peak Estate is an area of Pennine moorland in the ownership of the National Trust in the Dark Peak area of Derbyshire, England.
The National Trust High Peak Estate is to be known as the 'Dark Peak Area' from summer 2010 which is now part of the Peak District Estate. The Peak District Estate also includes the White Peak Estate (formerly South Peak Estate) and the Longshaw Estate near Sheffield and includes a number of sites of interest including:
Alport Castles (a spectacular natural landslip)
Bleaklow (a massive expanse of wild, windswept moorland)
Derwent Edge
Kinder Scout (the moorland plateau that was the site of 1932's Mass Trespass and the highest point in the Peak District)
Mam Tor
Odin Mine (one of the oldest lead mines in the county)
Snake Pass (to the north-east of the estate)
Winnats Pass (west of Castleton)
See also
Forest of High Peak
External links
High Peak Estate information at the National Trust
Peak District, National Trust
National Trust properties in Derbyshire
Peak District
Tourist attractions in Derbyshire
The Treasury Note (also known as a Coin Note) was a type of representative money issued by the United States government from 1890 until 1893 under authority of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act in denominations of , , , , , , and . It was issued in two series: an 1890 series with , , , , , and denominations, and an 1891 series that added the denomination. A note was designed but never issued.
Usage
The government issued the Treasury Note to individuals selling silver bullion to the Treasury. Unlike other redemption notes like silver and gold certificates (which stipulated whether the note was backed by and redeemable for silver or gold coin, respectively), Treasury Notes stipulated only that they were redeemable in coin. This allowed the Treasury to fulfil the note's obligation in silver coin, gold coin, or both, at its discretion when the note was redeemed. This flexibility allowed the Treasury some control over releasing gold or silver when the relative value of the two metals fluctuated. The origin of the term "Coin Note" to describe the note is unclear – it may refer either to the coin it could be exchanged for, or derive from the fact that it was issued to pay for silver that would later be turned into coins.
Description
Treasury Notes are large-size ("average" dimension is ) banknotes. The portrait of General George Meade on the Note was engraved by renowned artist and line engraver Charles Burt. The 100 Greatest American Currency Notes, a 2006 book by Q. David Bowers and David Sundman, put the ,000 Treasury Note (Fr#379b), nicknamed the "Grand Watermelon", at the top of its list. Of the seven "Grand Watermelon" notes known to exist today, only three are available to collectors: two of the Large Brown Treasury Seal variety (Fr#379a), pictured above; and only one example of the Small Red Treasury Seal variety (Fr#379b).
A distinguishing feature of the Series 1890 notes (and one that greatly appeals to collectors) is the extremely ornate designs on the reverse side of the notes. The intent of this was to make counterfeiting much more difficult, but opponents of the design argued that the extensive detail would make it more difficult to distinguish between genuine and counterfeit notes. Consequently, the reverse designs were simplified on the Series 1891 Treasury Notes issued the following year.
Auction history
On January 10, 2014, at the annual Florida United Numismatist convention, in Orlando, Florida, Heritage Auctions sold a Series 1890 ,000 Treasury Note (Fr#379b) for , setting a new world record price for paper currency. The same note had set a record in December 2006 when it was sold for in a private sale. The note was previously auctioned in 1944 for and in 1970 for .
The other variety of Treasury Notes, Series 1891 "Open Backs" (Fr#379c), represented by just two notes, has also been involved in the recent string of record-breaking sales. While one of these two notes is owned by the Smithsonian Institution (pictured at bottom), the only Series 1891 note available to collectors had set the world record in March 2006. It again set the record in April 2013, when it was sold at public auction by Heritage Auctions for at the Central States Numismatic Convention, in Chicago, Illinois.
Gallery of Treasury Note images
The Treasury Notes pictured below are from the 1890 and 1891 series. Images are from the National Numismatic Collection at the National Museum of American History (Smithsonian Institution).
Notes
References
Currency lists
Historical currencies of the United States
Paper money of the United States
Banknotes of the United States
Işıklar is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
The discography of Rancid, an American punk rock band, includes nine studio albums, two extended plays, two compilations and seventeen singles.
Biography
Rancid were formed in 1991 by vocalist and guitarist Tim Armstrong and bassist Matt Freeman, who then recruited drummer Brett Reed. The band signed to Lookout! Records, and released its first EP, Rancid, in 1992. Later that year, they signed to Epitaph Records (a label owned by then-former and now-current Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz) and released their self-titled debut album in 1993. While Rancid was writing a second album, Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong, a friend of the band, joined them to co-write the song "Radio". This led to them playing a live show with the band. Armstrong eventually asked Billie Joe to become a member of the band, but they decided to continue playing in Green Day. Armstrong had previously asked Lars Frederiksen to be Rancid's second guitarist, but they turned down the request. After Billie Joe declined, Frederiksen changed their mind and decided to join Rancid, making them a four piece.
Frederiksen was present on Rancid's second album, Let's Go, which was released in 1994 and spawned the radio hit "Salvation", which reached number 21 on the modern rock charts. Its U.S. release date, June 14, 1994, was also Freeman's 28th birthday. That year their label-mates, The Offspring, experienced a huge success with their album Smash. The Offspring took Rancid on tour with them, and helped Let's Go make it to number 97 on Billboard's Heatseekers and Billboard 200 charts, respectively. With the success of the album Rancid were pursued by several major labels, including Madonna's Maverick Records, but the band eventually turned down the idea of signing to a different label and decided to just stay on Epitaph.
In August 1995, Rancid released their third album, ...And Out Come the Wolves. The critically acclaimed album, also the band's most successful, debuted at number 45 on the Billboard 200, produced three singles, "Roots Radicals", "Time Bomb", and "Ruby Soho", which all charted on the North American Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, and the band performed two of these songs on Saturday Night Live. ...And Out Come the Wolves has continued to sell consistently well since its release, and on January 22, 1996 was certified gold by the RIAA. It was also certified platinum on September 23, 2004.
In 1998, Rancid returned to the scene with their fourth album, Life Won't Wait. That album branched out from Rancid's previous musical styles, and combined punk rock with elements of roots reggae, rockabilly, dub, hip-hop, and funk. Due to this it was often compared to The Clash's Sandinista!. Although not as successful as ...And Out Come the Wolves, Life Won't Wait peaked at number 35 on the Billboard 200 album chart, the highest position the band had attained at the time. After its release, Rancid moved to Armstrong's vanity label (and subsidiary of Epitaph) Hellcat Records. That label would release their next album, 2000's Rancid (Skull Cover), which was not as successful as Rancid's previous three releases, but is considered the band's most hardcore offering to date, which was released as a follow up to the more ska and reggae oriented Life Won't Wait.
After the release of the Rancid (2000) album, Rancid went on hiatus while members were involved in their own projects. Frederiksen released a self-titled album with Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards in 2001 and Armstrong released an album with the Transplants a year later. Rancid released their sixth studio album, Indestructible, through joint distribution through Warner Bros. and Epitaph/Hellcat in August 2003. The album featured the hit song "Fall Back Down", and peaked at number 15, marking the highest initial charting album in Rancid's career. After the release of that album, Rancid went on hiatus again when all members decided to continue working on their projects.
After no activity at all in most of 2004 and 2005, Rancid reunited in 2006 to embark on a successful tour and played several acoustic sets as part of Hellcat Records' Hellcat Nights concert series at The Echo before Reed quit the band later that year. They were replaced by former Used drummer Branden Steineckert. Rancid released their long-awaited seventh studio album, Let the Dominoes Fall, on June 2, 2009 and was their first album of new material in six years. After a five-year wait and many delays, Rancid released their eight studio album, Honor Is All We Know in October 2014. That album was followed three years later by troublemaker (2017).
Studio albums
Split albums
Extended plays
Compilation albums
Singles
Video albums
Music videos
Compilation appearances
"Brixton" - Rock Stars Kill 1994
"Can't Forgive" - Land of Greed... World of Need (Embrace tribute) 1994
"Hyena," "I Wanna Riot" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 1 1994
"I Wanna Riot (feat. Stubborn All-Stars)" - Beavis and Butt-Head Do America soundtrack 1996
"Just a Feeling" - "Fat Music For Fat People" 1994
"Sidekick" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 2 1996
"The Brothels" - Give 'Em the Boot 1997
"The Harder They Come" - Tibetan Freedom Concert 1997
"Rats in the Hallway" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 3 1998
"Brad Logan" - Chef Aid: The South Park Album 1998
"Lethal" - Skaliente 1998
"Cheat" - "Burning London: The Clash Tribute" 1999
"Blacklisted" - Short Music for Short People 1999
"If the Kids Are United" - Give 'Em the Boot II 1999
"Misty Days" (Buju Banton w/ Rancid) - Give 'Em the Boot II 1999
"Bruk Out" (Buccaneer w/ Rancid) - Give 'Em the Boot II 1999
"1998" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 4 1999
"No More Misty Days" (w/ Buju Banton) - Unchained Spirit 2000
"Maxwell Murder" - Dave Mira Freestyle BMX Soundtrack 2000
"Poison" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 5 2000
"It's Quite Alright" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 6 2001
"Golden Gate Fields" - Give 'Em the Boot III 2002
"Bob" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 7 2002
"Sheena Is a Punk Rocker" - We're a Happy Family - A Tribute to Ramones 2003
"Out of Control" - Need for Speed: Underground soundtrack 2003
"As Wicked" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 8 2003
"Killing Zone" - Give 'Em the Boot IV 2004
"Tropical London" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 9 2004
"Fall Back Down" - Tony Hawk's Underground 2 soundtrack 2004
"White Knuckle Ride" - Punk-O-Rama Vol. 10 2005
"Tattoo" - Give 'Em the Boot V 2006
"Endrina" - Give 'Em the Boot VI 2007
"Salvation" - Guitar Hero II soundtrack (appears as a cover made by the game producers, only in the Xbox 360 version) 2007
"Fuck You" - Oi! This is Streetpunk, Volume Two 2012
"Silence is the Only Rule" - Oi! Ain't Dead 5 - Rebellion Records 2016
Official live recordings
At the end of 2006, Rancid started selling official live recordings on their official website. The following shows from the Summer Tour of 2006 were professionally recorded and sold in mp3 and FLAC format.
Live in Canada Recorded: December 9, 2006 Venue: Montreal
Live in the UK Recorded: November 20, 2006 Venue: Brighton UK
Live in the UK Recorded: November 19, 2006 Venue: Bristol UK
Live in the UK Recorded: November 16, 2006 Venue: London, UK
Live in the UK Recorded: November 13, 2006 Venue: Newcastle UK
Live in the UK Recorded: November 12, 2006 Venue: Nottingham, UK
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: October 16, 2006 Venue: Live from San Diego
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: October 11, 2006 Venue: Live from Anaheim
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: October 6, 2006 Venue: Live from Salt Lake City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: October 5, 2006 Venue: Live from Salt Lake City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: October 1, 2006 Venue: Live from Calgary
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 13, 2006 Venue: Live from Minneapolis
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 12, 2006 The House of Blues: Live from Chicago
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 11, 2006 The House of Blues: Live from Chicago
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 9, 2006 Venue: Live from Detroit
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 8, 2006 Venue: Live from Detroit
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 7, 2006 Venue: Live from Columbus
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: September 6, 2006 Venue: Live from Cleveland
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 27, 2006 Venue: Live from New York City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 26, 2006 Venue: Live from New York City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 25, 2006 Venue: Live from New York City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 24, 2006 Venue: Live from New York City
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 23, 2006 Venue: Live from Boston
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 20, 2006 Venue: Live from Philadelphia
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 19, 2006 Venue: Live from Philadelphia
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 18, 2006 Venue: Live from Washington DC
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 17, 2006 Venue: Live from Washington DC
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 16, 2006 Venue: Live from Washington DC
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: August 1, 2006 Venue: Live from Albuquerue
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: July 21, 2006 Venue: Live from Miami
Summer Tour 2006 Recorded: July 19, 2006 Venue: Live from Orlando
Notes
References
Discography
Punk rock group discographies
Discographies of American artists
"The Seven-Beer Snitch" is the fourteenth episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 3, 2005.
Plot
The Simpsons go to Shelbyville to see a musical, which paints Springfielders as hicks and morons. An angry Marge goes to Springfield's Cultural Advisory Board to brainstorm a plan to make Springfield more sophisticated and gets the idea to hire architect Frank Gehry to build a concert hall. Opening night proves to be a bust, and the concert hall falls into shambles from disuse.
Mr. Burns buys the hall and turns it into a state prison. Homer applies for a job as a guard, but is rejected after Otto switches their drug-laded urine sample with Homer's. Mr. Burns forces Chief Wiggum to reinstate old and forgotten laws to fill their prison with convicts and make more money. Homer is convicted after getting caught kicking a can five times down the street (which constituted "illegally transporting litter").
Bart and Lisa notice that Snowball II has been gaining weight. Lisa follows them and discovers they have been visiting and eating food from another family, who believe they are theirs and named them "Smokey". Due to the love and care they show her, Snowball prefers their second family to the Simpsons to Lisa's dismay. Bart goes in to set the record straight, but instead the family fills them up with food and teaches them the same trick they taught Snowball.
Homer is sent to work in the prison kitchen and becomes a prison snitch after unwittingly alerting the guards of Snake's escape attempt. Homer is rewarded with food, special treatment, and a new plasma TV. The other prisoners learn they are a snitch after Marge shouts it out in the visitation room. After using a fake claim of a prison break to lure out all of the guards, the prisoners attack Homer. Using the key to the concert hall given to them as head of the Springfield Cultural Activities Board, Marge finds Homer in the kitchen with the other prisoners on their tail. They take refuge in the gas chamber, where Marge scolds Homer about being an informant. The guards come in with tear gas and riot gear. As they are released, Homer tells Governor Mary Bailey about the prison's deplorable conditions and food. Bailey tells the prisoners that since there is no room left in the prisons they were transferred from, they will be put on a garbage barge and bare-knuckle box until someone emerges as their king, a plan the convicts applaud.
Homer is released, which pleases Marge, and heads out to Moe's after they fall asleep. They bump into Snowball, who is overweight and also approaching the bar. They promise not to tell on them if they do not tell on him.
Homer runs into the concert hall, claiming the building is a death trap in response to a dream they had after watching The Towering Inferno.
Production
Frank Gehry guest starred in the episode of himself, becoming the first architect to appear on The Simpsons. According to Matt Chaban of The New York Observer, "Because of their successful style, Frank Gehry sometimes comes under criticism for being a hack whose buildings all look the same—even if in their 50th iteration, those waving bands of metal still look amazing, fresh and different. This sensibility was, like so many other things, immortalized on The Simpsons." The episode makes fun of Gehry's architectural style in a throwaway gag, which sees Gehry becoming inspired for the design of the concert hall after crumpling up Marge's letter and hurling it to the ground. The crumpled letter becomes the model for the building. As a result of the scene, according to Gehry, many people believe this is how they actually received the inspiration for their real-life buildings, particularly the Walt Disney Concert Hall, though this is not the case. They told the public affairs show Fareed Zakaria GPS on CNN in September 2011 the gag was just "a fun – fun thing. But it has – it has haunted me. People do – who've seen The Simpsons believe it." They also commented that "Clients come to me and say crumple a piece of paper, we'll give you $100 and then we'll build it."
Reception
In 2007, Simon Crerar of The Times listed Gehry's performance as one of the thirty-three funniest cameos in the history of the show.
Cultural references
Homer's tiny hat is a reference to the character Simon Adebisi from HBO's prison drama Oz.
References
External links
The Simpsons (season 16) episodes
2005 American television episodes
Television episodes set in prisons
Leptospermum emarginatum, commonly known as the twin-flower tea-tree or twin flower teatree, is a species of shrub that is endemic to south-eastern Australia. It has rough bark on the older stems, lance-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base and a small notch at the tip, white flowers in groups of up to five and hemispherical fruit that falls off when mature.
Description
Leptospermum emarginatum is a shrub that typically grows to a height of . It has rough bark that is shed in stringy strips on the larger branches and smooth bark on the younger stems. The leaves are aromatic, narrow egg-shaped to lance-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, mostly long and wide with a small notch at the tip. The flowers are borne in groups of up to five on short side shoots, each flower in diameter. The floral cup is dark-coloured, glabrous, long, tapering to a pedicel long. The sepals are triangular, long, the petals white, long and the stamens long in groups of about five. Flowering occurs from November to January and the fruit is a woody, hemispherical capsule wide that falls off the plant after the seeds are released.
Taxonomy and naming
Leptospermum emarginatum was first formally described in 1822 by Johann Heinrich Friedrich Link from an unpublished description by Heinrich Wendland and the description was published in Link's book Enumeratio plantarum Horti regii botanici berolinensis altera. The specific epithet (emarginatum) is from Latin meaning "notched".
Distribution and habitat
The twin-flower tea-tree grows along river banks and rocky creeks in coastal areas south from the Grose River in New South Wales to near Heyfield in Victoria.
References
emarginatum
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1822
Randu Penkuttikal is a 1978 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Mohan from a screenplay by Surasu, which is partially based on the novel of the same name by V. T. Nandakumar. In a later interview, director Mohan said that they never read the novel completely, before or after the making of this film. They adapted the title as well as the lead characters but asked Surasu to weave a script based on those characters and not necessarily based on the novel. However, V. T. Nandakumar is given credit for the story.
Plot
One of the earliest movies to explore the theme of lesbianism in a normalised way.
Cast
Shoba
Anupama Mohan
Madhu
Sukumaran
Jayan as Collector (Guest Role)
Surasu
Janardhanan
Vidhubala
Innocent
Jalaja
Santhadevi
Sukumari
P. K. Abraham
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala and Randor Guy.
References
1978 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Mohan
Films based on Indian novels
Indian LGBT-related films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Mohammad-Amin Riahi (; 1 June 1923, Khoy – 15 May 2009, Tehran) was a prominent Iranian literary scholar of Persian literature, a historian, writer and statesman. Apart from being one of the authors of Dehkhoda Dictionary and Encyclopædia Iranica, they were the author and editor of several well-known scholarly books. Mohammad-Amin Riahi received their PHD on Persian literature from Tehran University
under the supervision of Badiozzaman Forouzanfar. Riahi is best known for their scholarly works on Shahnameh and Ferdowsi, Hafiz, and the ancient iranian languages (especially Azari Language). They have produced critical editions of some of the major classical Persian texts such as Mersad-al-ebad and Nozhat-al-majalis. During a course of 60 years they published numerous scholarly articles, a selection of which are gathered in a volume titled Forty essays on language, literature and history of Iran.
Among numerous cultural positions they held during their career, Riahi was a professor of Tehran University, the founding member and later president of the Shahnameh Foundation (1971–1979), vice-chairperson of the Iranian Academy of Literature and Arts, and Iranian Minister of Education (1979).
Selected bibliography
Critical Editions of old Persian books:
Jahan-Nameh, Mohammad ibn Najib Bakran (1963)
Meftah-al-Moamelat, Mohammad ibn Ayub Tabari (1970)
Mersad-al-ebad, Najmeddin Razi (1973)
Alamaraye Naderi, Mohammad-Kazem Marvi (1983)
Nozhat-al-majalis, Jamal Khalil Sharvani (1996)
Literary and Historical research books:
Kisai Marvazi, their life and poetry (1988)
Poetry and thoughts of Hafiz (1988)
Persian language and literature in Ottoman territory (1990)
A History of Khoy (1993)
Early sources on Ferdowsi and Shahnameh (1993)
Ferdowsi, their life, thoughts and poetry (1996)
Forty essays on language, literature and history of Iran (2000)
References
External links
Some of Encyclopedic Articles:
NOZHAT-AL-MAJĀLES in Encyclopædia Iranica
DĀYA, NAJM-AL-DĪN in Encyclopædia Iranica
Iranologists
21st-century Iranian historians
Members of the Academy of Persian Language and Literature
Education ministers of Iran
Iranian literary scholars
Iranian literary critics
People from Khoy
University of Tehran alumni
University of Tehran faculty
1923 births
2009 deaths
Iranian expatriate academics
Shahnameh Researchers
Faculty of Letters and Humanities of the University of Tehran alumni
20th-century Iranian politicians
Events from the year 1225 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Lord: Henry III
Events
Dominican Order founds the 'Black Abbey', lying just off Parliament Street in Kilkenny.
Births
Deaths
References
1220s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 13th century in Ireland
Yanfu Temple (), more commonly known as Prince Temple (), is a Buddhist temple located in Alxa Left Banner, Alxa League, Inner Mongolia China. Yanfu Temple is considered one of the Three Great Buddhist Temples in Alxa League, alongside Fuyin Temple and Guangzong Temple.
History
The temple was first established in 1731, in the 9th year of Yongzheng period in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911). The Mahavira Hall was added to the temple between 1737 and 1739 by Prince Luobozangduoerji (). In 1760, Qianlong Emperor inscribed and honored the name "Yanfu Temple" (). In 1805, Prince Mahabala () erected the Agaba Hall (), Guanyin Hall, Dalike Temple () and renovated the Jingang Hall and Bhaisajyaguru Hall.
In 1932, Prince Dalizhaya () ordered to repair the Mahavira Hall.
During the ten-year Cultural Revolution the Red Guards attacked the temple, halls, statues and other works of art were either removed, damaged or destroyed in the massive socialist movement.
After the 3rd Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the policy of religious freedom was implemented. Yanfu Temple reactivated its religious activities. As of 2012, the temple had over 40 halls and rooms and more than 40 lamas.
On 10 May 1986, the temple was inscribed to the Second Inner Mongolia Cultural Heritage List.
In 2006, it was listed among the sixth batch of "Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Inner Mongolia" by the State Council of China.
Architecture
Now the existing main buildings include the Sutra Hall, Hall of Bodhisattva, Hall of Four Heavenly Kings, Hall of Sakyamuni, Hall of Bhaisajyaguru, Vajrayana Hall, Bell tower, Drum tower, etc. The temple covers an area of with 282 halls and rooms.
References
Tibetan Buddhist temples in Inner Mongolia
Gelug monasteries and temples
Buddhist temples in Alxa League
Buildings and structures in Alxa League
Tourist attractions in Alxa League
1731 establishments in China
18th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1731
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Inner Mongolia
Mount Reece () is a sharp, ice-free peak in the Antarctic Peninsula, 1,085 m, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of Pitt Point and 3 km southeast of Skakavitsa Peak. It is the second highest point of Kondofrey Heights forming the south wall of Victory Glacier on the south side of Trinity Peninsula. Charted in 1945 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) and named for Alan Reece, leader of the FIDS Deception Island base in 1945, and meteorologist and geologist at the Hope Bay base in 1946. Reece, a member of the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE), 1949–52, was killed in an airplane accident in the Canadian Arctic in 1960.
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Hiwaga ng Pag-ibig ("Mystery of Love") is a 1912 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Mamerto A. Hilario. The romance novel was published in Manila, Philippines by Limbagang Magiting ni Honorio Lopez (Heroic Printing Press of Honorio Lopez).
See also
Pag-ibig at Kamatayan
References
1912 novels
Tagalog-language novels
Philippine romance novels
Bohoto Yeptho (born 25 December 1994) is an Indian cricketer. They made their first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Nagaland in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Nagaland cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Gavshino () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.
Geography
Gavshino is located 70 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kontsevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The western tinkerbird (Pogoniulus coryphaea) is an African barbet native to Central Africa, where it has been recorded at altitudes from .
It occurs in Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nigeria, Rwanda, and Uganda.
Taxonomy
African barbets are part of the Lybiidae family.
References
western tinkerbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of Central Africa
western tinkerbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Robert Ainslie was a Scotland international rugby union player. Their playing position was Forward.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Ainslie played for Edinburgh Institution F.P.
Provincial career
Ainslie played for Edinburgh District in their inter-city match against Glasgow District on 1 December 1887 and on 4 December 1880.
Ainslie was capped by East of Scotland District in their match against West of Scotland District on 9 February 1878 and on 5 February 1881.
Ainslie played for Whites Trial in their match against Blues Trial on 16 February 1878.
International career
Ainslie was capped seven times for Scotland between 1879 and 1882.
Family
Ainslie was the brother of Thomas Ainslie who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1858 births
1906 deaths
East of Scotland District players
Edinburgh District (rugby union) players
Edinburgh Institution F.P. players
Rugby union players from Midlothian
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Whites Trial players
Rugby union forwards
Sikkal Singara Velar Temple is one of the most popular Hindu temples dedicated to Lord Muruga and a contender for the unofficial seventh Padaiveedu of Muruga, along with the popular Arupadaiveedu (six abodes of Lord Muruga).
It is one of the rare traditional Hindu temples that has both Shiva and Vishnu deities in the same complex.
Location
The temple is located in the village of Sikkal, near Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu,India. It is 5 kilometers in the West from Nagapattinam and 18 kilometers in the East from Thiruvarur on the way to Nagapatptinam.
Sikkal Navaneetheswarar Temple
Sikkal Navaneetheswarar Temple is the main temple. The Singaravelan temple is found in the premises of Sikkal Navaneetheswarar Temple.
Temple Lore
It is believed in Hindu mythology that this place was once a jasmine forest and due to its pleasant smell, the semi-human goddess with cow's trunk, Kamadenu lives here. Once upon a time, Kamadenu was cursed by lord Shiva, when it ate meat. Later feeling guilty of its action, it got rid of its sin by taking bath in the holy water point of this temple and worshiped here, as told by Lord Shiva. After getting rid of the sin, Kamadenu offered its milk which later became Parkulam (literal meaning the milk pond), which is located behind the temple.
It is this holy water point (The Parkulam) of the temple where Vashistha Maharishi performed a pooja here, by making a lingam with the butter from the Parkulam. After completing the pooja they tried to move that lingam, but it stuck to that place, and never moved. As a result, Vasista Maharishi regarded this place as sikkal.
It is also said that Lord Murugan had got their Vel (weapon) from their divine mother at Sikkal, to kill the asura, Soorapadman in Sri Lanka. They performed Soora Samharam (literal meaning: killing Soorapadman) by setting up the base camp in Thiruchendur.
Festivals
The most important festival is Soora Samharam associated with Lord Muruga getting the weapon Vel from their divine mother, Parvathi to destroy the demon king, Soorapadman. During this time, it is believed by the devotees that the idol sweats and a major event is conducted.
References
External links
Official Website
http://nagapattinam.nic.in/sikkal.html
http://www.hindubooks.org/temples/tamilnadu/sikkal/index.htm
http://www.indiantemples.com/Tamilnadu/m029.html
http://www.murugan.org/temples/sikkal.htm
Tamilnadu tourism page
Murugan temples in Tamil Nadu
Abhimana temples of Vishnu
Shiva temples in Nagapattinam district
Vishnu temples in Nagapattinam district
Burton Wilkinson (25 April 1900 – 16 October 1985) was an American born English cricketer. Wilkinson was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. They were born at Burton, Nebraska.
Wilkinson made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Middlesex at the Town Ground, Peterborough in the 1932 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings they were dismissed for a duck by Jack Durston. They Middlesex's first-innings they claimed their only wicket of the match, that of Nigel Haig.
They died at Peterborough, Cambridgeshire on 16 October 1985.
References
External links
Burton Wilkinson at ESPNcricinfo
Burton Wilkinson at CricketArchive
1900 births
1985 deaths
People from Keya Paha County, Nebraska
English people of American descent
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Sportspeople from Nebraska
A Crown colony or royal colony was a colony administered by The Crown within the British Empire. There was usually a Governor, appointed by the monarch of the UK on the advice of the Home (UK) Government, with or without the assistance of a local Council. In some cases, this Council was split into two: an Executive Council and a Legislative Council, and was similar to the Privy Council that advises the Monarch. Members of Executive Councils were appointed by the Governors, and British citizens resident in Crown colonies either had no representation in local government, or limited representation. In several Crown colonies, this limited representation grew over time. As the House of Commons of the British Parliament has never included seats for any of the colonies, there was no direct representation in the sovereign government for British subjects or citizens residing in Crown colonies.
The administration of Crown colonies changed over time and in the 1800s some became, with a loosening of the power of royal governors, self-governing colonies, within which the Sovereign state (the UK Government) delegated legislation for most local internal matters of governance to elected assemblies, with consent of the governor. The elected assemblies had their beginnings in the House of Burgesses of the colony of Virginia in 1619 and the House of Assembly of the Parliament of Bermuda in 1620. Over the centuries in some Crown colonies, more independent authority was given.
All British colonies, whether Crown (such as Hong Kong and the Falkland Islands) or self-governing (such as Bermuda), were renamed "British Dependent Territories" from 1 January 1983 under the British Nationality Act 1981. Many British citizens in the colonies (with the exceptions of the Falkland Islanders and subsequently the Gibraltarians) found that their "Citizenship of the United Kingdom and Colonies" From 2002 the colonies have been known officially as British Overseas Territories.
History
Early English colonies were usually established and administered by companies under charters granted by the monarch. The first "royal colony" was the Colony of Virginia, after 1624, when the Crown of the Kingdom of England revoked the royal charter it had granted to the Virginia Company and assumed control of the administration.
Executive governors are sometimes complemented by a locally appointed and/or elected legislature with limited powers — that is, such territories lack responsible government. For example, while the House of Assembly of Bermuda has existed continuously since its first session in 1620, Bermuda has only had responsible government since 1968. (Bermuda became a Crown colony in 1684, when the government revoked a royal charter given to the Somers Isles Company, successor to the Virginia Company, which had previously controlled administration, including the appointment of governors. Afterwards the British government appointed the Governor of Bermuda.)
Despite its later usage, the term "Crown colony" was used primarily, until the mid-19th century, to refer to colonies that had been acquired through wars, such as Trinidad and Tobago. After that time it was more broadly applied to every British territory other than British India, and self-governing colonies, such as the Province of Canada, Newfoundland, British Columbia, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, Western Australia, and New Zealand.
By the mid-19th century, the monarch was appointing colonial governors only on the advice of the Secretary of State for the Colonies.
Reclassification (1981)
The term Crown colony continued to be used until 1981, when the British Nationality Act 1981 reclassified the remaining British colonies as "British Dependent Territories". By this time, the term "Crown colony" referred specifically to colonies lacking substantial autonomy, which were administered by an executive governor, appointed by the British Government — such as Hong Kong, before its transfer in 1997 to the People's Republic of China.
Types
There were three types of Crown colony as of 1918, with differing degrees of autonomy:
Crown colonies with representative councils, such as Bermuda, Jamaica, Ceylon and Fiji, contained two legislative chambers, consisting of Crown-appointed and locally elected members.
Crown colonies with nominated councils, such as British Honduras, Sierra Leone, British Windward Islands and Hong Kong, were staffed entirely by Crown-appointed members, with some appointed representation from the local population. Hong Kong had a representative council following the introduction of election for the Hong Kong Legislative Council in 1995.
Crown colonies ruled directly by a governor, such as Basutoland, Gibraltar, Saint Helena and Singapore, were fewest in number and had the least autonomy.
List
See also
British Empire
British overseas territories
British protectorate
Colonial Office
Crown dependency
Direct rule over Northern Ireland
Legislative council
Proprietary colony
Self-governing colony
Notes
References
Governance of the British Empire
1981 disestablishments in the British Empire
History of colonialism
Energy-Quest (formerly The Hydrogen Expedition) was an organization launched in 2005 that sought to educate the public about the risks of an impending energy crisis due to the current worldwide dependence on fossil fuels and the benefits of energy conservation and the use of renewable energy sources. It intended to do so through a series of three record-setting ocean voyages:
The Earthrace
The Aurora Expedition
The Triton Expedition
Started and staffed by university students, the project was endorsed by several organizations and prominent individuals.
The Earthrace
The Earthrace will be an attempt to break the speed record for circumnavigating the globe in a powerboat while using only renewable fuels. It is being supported by over 100 companies, and is led by New Zealander Pete Bethune. Energy-Quest is providing organizational and fundraising assistance to the Earthrace in the United States.
The Aurora Expedition
The Aurora Expedition will involve an around-the-world voyage in a powerboat which, at 20 ft, will be the smallest vessel of its kind to ever complete such a journey. Due to its limited fuel capacity, the Aurora will rely on advanced fuel-efficient technologies for propulsion. Energy-Quest thus seeks to incorporate highly clean and efficient diesel engines, solar cells, and wind turbines into this design.
Aurora will stop at over forty major ports around the world, where they will showcase the cleanest and most efficient energy technologies available at the time, and their crew will promote the widespread use of such technologies. Ultimately, the Aurora Expedition is intended as a stepping stone towards the completion of the organization's final and most important endeavor – the Triton Expedition.
The Triton Expedition
The Triton Expedition will be the first circumnavigation of the world by a boat powered solely by a hydrogen fuel cell. Triton will stop at major destinations around the world, where their crew will meet with local political and industrial leaders to promote the importance of alternative energy development. Through Triton's voyage, Energy-Quest hopes to generate international media attention, and in this way stimulate the development of a renewable energy-based hydrogen economy.
History
The project was started in the summer of 2005 by Joseph F. Sahid, a graduate of the Phillips Exeter Academy and currently a sophomore at the University of Pennsylvania. They soon are joined by other volunteers, and an official team was rapidly assembled. The Energy Quest program has now been discontinued.
Endorsements
Organisations who officially endorse the Hydrogen Expedition:
Bluewater Network
National Hydrogen Association of Australia
Save the Planet USA
Environment Colorado
Italian Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Association
HydrogenBoyz
References
External links
Earthrace website
References
Renewable energy organizations
Port Orford Heads State Park is a coastal state park in northwest Curry County, Oregon, United States, in the city of Port Orford. Established in 1976, it is administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
Location
Located on a bluff above the city, the park has three main walking trails: the Cove, Tower and Headland trails. From each of these vantage points (at the right time of year) one can see commercial fishing boats, orcas, gray whales, California and Steller's sea lions, and various seabirds. The Headland Trail offers an unrestricted view of Cape Blanco to the north and is a popular whale watching spot during the fall. The park is open for day use only.
History
From 1934 to 1970, one of the earliest US Coast Guard lifeboat stations on the Oregon Coast operated at what later became the park.
Lifeboat Station Museum
The Port Orford Lifeboat Station is a museum and interpretive center that was opened in 2000 by the Point Orford Heritage Society. Built in 1934, the building is on the National Register of Historic Places (as the Port Orford Coast Guard Station) and was used by the U.S. Coast Guard until 1970. The museum includes the station's refurbished, unsinkable motor lifeboat, and information about the Japanese bombing of the south Oregon coast during World War II.
See also
List of Oregon State Parks
References
External links
State parks of Oregon
Oregon Coast
Parks in Curry County, Oregon
Headlands of Oregon
United States Coast Guard stations
1976 establishments in Oregon
Landforms of Curry County, Oregon
Port Orford, Oregon
Dinsmore Alter (March 28, 1888 – September 20, 1968) was an American astronomer, meteorologist, and United States Army officer.  They are known for their work with the Griffith Observatory and their creation of a lunar atlas.
Early life
They were born in Colfax, Washington, and attended college at Westminster College in Pennsylvania. After graduating in 1909 with a B.S. degree, they married Ada McClelland. The couple had one child, Helen.
Career
Dinsmore performed their graduate studies at the University of Pittsburgh, and earned a master's in astronomy with additional studies in the field of meteorology. In 1911, they became an instructor at the University of Alabama, teaching physics and astronomy. The following year they became an assistant professor, then an adjunct professor in 1913.
In 1914, they moved to the University of California in Berkeley, teaching astronomy while also studying for their doctorate. They gained their Ph.D. in astronomy in 1916. By 1917, they became an assistant professor of astronomy at the University of Kansas. However, when the United States entered World War I, they took time off to serve as a major in the United States Army.
After returning home following the war, they rejoined the University of Kansas and remained at that institution for nearly 20 years. They were promoted to assistant professor in 1919, then professor in 1924.
From 1925 until 1927, they served as the vice-president of the American Meteorological Society. They were then awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship scholarship and spent two years studying astronomy in Britain. In 1935, they took a leave from the University of Kansas and became director of the Griffith Observatory. A year later they resigned their professorship to remain director at the observatory. They also served as a research associate at Caltech in Pasadena during the same period.
After the U.S. entered the Second World War, Dr. Alter took a leave from their position to serve in the armed forces for four years. They became a colonel and served in a transport division. They remained a member of the army reserve following the war, training at Fort MacArthur, Los Angeles.
Their earlier studies had focused on solar observation, but after the war they concentrated on the Moon. As their expertise increased, they became an authority on the geology of the Moon, including its surface and history. They also remained involved in astronomy research, and in 1950 they served a term as president of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific.
In 1956, they used the 60" reflector at the Mount Wilson Observatory to observe a peculiar obscuration on part of the floor of Alphonsus crater, which brought them worldwide notice. (This is a class of events now called a transient lunar phenomenon.)
During 1958, they reached mandatory retirement age, and was officially retired on March 31 and was succeeded by Clarence H. Cleminshaw, who had been associate director of the observatory.
However, they remained active during their retirement, writing several books on astronomy and performing consulting services. They also served as Director Emeritus for the Griffith Observatory.
Awards and honors
Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Guggenheim Fellowship scholarship, 1929–1930.
Honorary doctorate, Monmouth College, 1941.
G. Bruce Blair Award, 1958.
Pendray Aerospace Literature Award, 1965.
The crater Alter on the Moon is named after him.
Selected works
Alter, Dinsmore. Application of Marvin's Periodocrite to Rainfall Periodicity. Lawrence, Kan: University of Kansas, 1920.
Alter, Dinsmore. "A Critical Test of the Planetary Hypothesis of Sun Spots," Monthly Weather Review, 1929, April.
Alter, Dinsmore, & Clarence H. Cleminshaw, "Palomar observatory", Los Angeles, Griffith Observatory.
Alter, Dinsmore. Introduction to Practical Astronomy, New York, Crowell, 1933.
Alter, Dinsmore. Introduction to the Moon, Los Angeles, Griffith Observatory, 1958.
Alter, Dinsmore. Pictorial Guide to the Moon, London, Arthur Barker Ltd., 1963.
Alter, Dinsmore. Lunar Atlas, North American Aviation, 1964.
Alter, Dinsmore, Clarence H. Cleminshaw, and John G. Phillips, Pictorial astronomy, New York, Crowell, 1974.
References
External links
Inconsistent Moon by Joseph H. Jackson, produced for "Analog", October 1964. https://www.webcitation.org/6Xzrt3ETO?url=http://www.astrosurf.com/lunascan/analog.htm
Mr. Pitt's Telescope: A Short History of the 27-Inch Reflector at the University of Kansas by D. J. Bord, 1980. https://www.webcitation.org/6Xzs0R8PJ?url=http://physics.ku.edu/astronomy/history/pitts-telescope
1888 births
1968 deaths
Westminster College (Pennsylvania) alumni
University of Pittsburgh alumni
University of Alabama faculty
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
University of Kansas faculty
California Institute of Technology faculty
People from Colfax, Washington
American astronomers
People from Los Angeles
United States Army officers
Military personnel from California
Roca Islands () is a group of small islands between Cruls Islands and Anagram Islands on the south side of French Passage in the Wilhelm Archipelago. Discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, and named by Charcot for Julio A. Roca, President of Argentina, 1880–86 and 1898–1904. The name was incorrectly applied to the Anagram Islands by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE), 1934–37, but was reidentified with this group after further mapping by the British Naval Hydrographic Survey Unit in 1958.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
Duane Slick (born 1961) is a Meskwaki artist and educator of Ho-Chunk descent.  They are known for their monochromatic paintings. They have taught fine arts at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) since 1995.
Biography
Duane Slick was born 1961 in Waterloo, Iowa, to a Meskwaki father and a Ho-Chunk mother. They received a BFA degree in painting and a BA degree in Art Education from the University of Northern Iowa. Slick completed an MFA degree in 1990 in painting from the University of California, Davis (UC Davis). While at UC Davis, they were mentored by artist, George Longfish.
They previously taught at Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) in Santa Fe, New Mexico, from 1992 and 1995. Since 1995, Slick teaches fine arts at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD).
In 2010, they were a resident at School for Advanced Research (SAR), where they created their work Field Mouse Goes to War. In 2012, Slick was awarded the Eiteljorg Contemporary Art Fellowship, and their work was included in the associated group exhibition, We Are Here! (2012).
Slick's work is included in many public art collections including the National Museum of American History at the Smithsonian Institution, Danforth Art Museum, Des Moines Art Center, among others.
References
External links
Duane Slick faculty page at Rhode Island School of Design
Duane Slick on Artnet.com
1961 births
Artists from Providence, Rhode Island
Institute of American Indian Arts faculty
Living people
Native American painters
Native American printmakers
People from Waterloo, Iowa
Rhode Island School of Design faculty
Sac and Fox people
University of California, Davis alumni
University of Northern Iowa alumni
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Aciphylla colensoi is a species of Aciphylla, commonly known as giant speargrass, Spaniard, or its Māori-language name . Individual plants may be up to in diameter and half as high, and consist of sharp spines, all pointing out from the centre. Yellow flowers may also be present, located on long, strong stems. A. colensoi can be found in both main islands of New Zealand, typically in altitudes from .
Taxonomy & naming
Joseph Hooker first described the plant in 1864. The specific epithet, colensoi, honours William Colenso.
Distribution
It is found on both the North and South Islands of New Zealand.
References
External links
Royal New Zealand Institute of Horticulture article on A. colensoi
Apioideae
Flora of New Zealand
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
Plants described in 1864
The Tripartite Commission for the Restitution of Monetary Gold, also known as the Tripartite Gold Commission, was a panel established in September 1946 by the United Kingdom, United States and France to recover gold stolen by Nazi Germany from other nations and eventually return it to the rightful owners. The Commission was headquartered in Brussels.
After recovering gold and receiving claims for it, the Commission found that it had insufficient resources to pay back all of the countries in full. Thus, each country received about 65% of its claim from the gold reserves recovered by the Commission. The Commission completed its work and was formally dissolved on September 9, 1998.
Claimant countries
Albania
Austria
Belgium
Czechoslovakia
Greece
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Poland
Yugoslavia
References
Allied occupation of Germany
World War II crimes
Organisations based in Brussels
Restitution
Gold
Christophe Plé (born 29 April 1966) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1966 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Darling Buds of May is the debut and only album by the rock band Faulter. It was released on September 19, 2006 on Abacus Recordings.
Track listing
All tracks by Andy Carpenter except where noted.
Personnel
Kevin Augunas – engineer
Andy Carpenter – producer, mixing
Jason Freese – organ
Josh Freese – drums
Skip Hahn – pedal steel
Greg Koller – engineer
Jon Saint James – producer, mixing, management
Jason Upright – A&R
Ben Wilson – artwork, layout design
References
External links
Official Faulter Site
Faulter albums
2006 debut albums
The Asia/Oceania Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 2000.
In the Asia/Oceania Zone there were four different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier. The top two teams in Group IV advanced to the Asia/Oceania Zone Group III in 2001. All other teams remained in Group IV.
Participating nations
Draw
Venue: Al Hussein Sports City, Amman, Jordan
Date: 24–30 April
and promoted to Group III in 2001.
Results
Bahrain vs. United Arab Emirates
Oman vs. Fiji
Jordan vs. Brunei
Saudi Arabia vs. Oman
Bahrain vs. Fiji
Jordan vs. United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia vs. Brunei
Oman vs. Jordan
Fiji vs. United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia vs. Jordan
Bahrain vs. Oman
United Arab Emirates vs. Brunei
Saudi Arabia vs. United Arab Emirates
Bahrain vs. Jordan
Fiji vs. Brunei
Saudi Arabia vs. Fiji
Bahrain vs. Brunei
Oman vs. United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia vs. Bahrain
Oman vs. Brunei
Jordan vs. Fiji
References
External links
Davis Cup official website
Davis Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Asia Oceania Zone Group IV
George Durkin Corneal (September 13, 1883 – December 28, 1944) was an American basketball, track and football coach. In 1909, they became the first basketball coach at the University of Michigan and led the Michigan Wolverines basketball team to a 1–4 record. They also coached football, track, and basketball at the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point and Lakewood High School.
Early years
Corneal was born in Philadelphia in 1883. They graduated from Temple University and attended the University of Pennsylvania and Yale University where they studied under legendary track trainer and coach Mike Murphy. Their early coaching jobs included coaching track and field at the Brown Preparatory School in Philadelphia and the University of Chicago, before moving to Ohio State University in 1907.
University of Michigan
In the fall of 1907, they were hired as the assistant in physical training at the University of Michigan's Waterman Gymnasium. While at Michigan, they also served as the coach of the school's first varsity basketball team in 1909. The Michigan Alumnus announced the formation of the team in January 1909:"For the first time in the history of the University there is to be a varsity basketball team. Realizing the demand for an indoor winter sport and the presence of good material in college, the athletic authorities passed a resolution providing for a basketball team and granted them a schedule of seven or eight games for this season. Coach Corneal finds themselves up against the same proposition that always faces Coach Yost and Keene Fitzpatrick. Their best men are ineligible and their 'reserves' consequently give their varsity a drubbing almost every evening when they line up in practice games. ... However, the coach is working hard and admits that they expect to have a good team rounded out by the time the first game is played with M.A.C."
The Michigan team compiled a record of 1–4 under Corneal.
Boise and Rock Island
After leaving Michigan, Corneal coached for a time at the Normal School in Boise, Idaho. At the time of the 1910 Census, Corneal was living in Boise and identified their occupation as a school teacher.
From 1911 to 1914, Corneal was the basketball coach at Rock Island High School in Rock Island, Illinois. In three seasons at Rock Island, Corneal's teams compiled a record of 19–18.
Stevens Point
For three academic years from 1914 to 1917, Corneal was the athletic director and head basketball, track and football coach at the Stevens Point State Normal School, now known as the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point. In three years at Stevens Point, Corneal's basketball teams compiled a record of 22–12, including an 11–2 record during the 1916–17 season. In September 1917, when Corneal accepted a position in Ohio, the move was front page news in Stevens Point. The Stevens Point Daily Journal wrote:"He came here three years ago and conducted the Normal athletics in a successful manner. Stevens Point under them has had football teams which each year made a bid for the conference championship. They have also had charge of the physical work among the boys. Their loss will be a serious one here ..."
Lakewood High School
In September 1917, Corneal moved from Stevens Point, Wisconsin to Lakewood, Ohio. They were hired as the athletic director, football coach, basketball coach and track coach at Lakewood High School. Corneal stepped down as the school's football coach in 1935, but they remained the track for 27 years from coach from 1917 to 1944. They were also the cross-country coach from 1928 through 1943. In their obituary, the Associated Press noted that "Corneal was famed for their powerful cinder path teams which dominated northern Ohio track circles for many years." Their teams won five Ohio state track titles and three Ohio state cross-country titles. They coached 51 individual state track meet winners and one state cross-country meet winner. Several of their teams won national honors, and their athletes broke the world schoolboy record for the mile relay in 1925, the world schoolboy medley record in 1929, and the national two mile relay record in 1930. During their tenure at Lakewood, Corneal also founded the Lakewood Relays in 1922 and served as the meet's director.
Corneal has been inducted into the Lakewood Hall of Fame. They also served as the vice president of the Ohio Association of Track Coaches, and was posthumously inducted into that organization's Hall of Fame as part of its inaugural class in 1969.
Family and death
In July 1912, Corneal married Rachel V. Abott at Bon Homme County, South Dakota. They had a son, George A. Corneal, born in approximately 1916 in Wisconsin.
Corneal died in 1944 following an illness of several months.
Head coaching record
College football
References
External links
1883 births
1944 deaths
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Chicago Maroons track and field coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
College track and field coaches in the United States
High school basketball coaches in Illinois
High school basketball coaches in Ohio
High school football coaches in Ohio
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes track and field coaches
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
Wisconsin–Stevens Point Pointers athletic directors
Wisconsin–Stevens Point Pointers football coaches
Wisconsin–Stevens Point Pointers men's basketball coaches
The drab seedeater (Sporophila simplex) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
Sporophila
Birds described in 1874
Taxa named by Władysław Taczanowski
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vally Sathyabhama (born 14 May 1964) is a former Indian long-distance runner who currently holds the Indian national record in the marathon. They set the record with a time of 2:38:10 on 21 December 1995 in Chennai.
In 1991, they won the gold medal for 10,000 metres in the All-India Open National Championships. In the same year, they repeated their performance by winning the gold in 10,000 m in the All-India Inter-State Championships
References
External links
Living people
1964 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Indian female marathon runners
Indian female long-distance runners
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian people
Luz is the fourth album released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in November 2017 by Sony Music. At the time of its release, Rosetta said of its title: "I wanted to make a record with this word, which has to do with the fado and also with something more spiritual, more interior." It included songs written by Pedro da Silva Martins, Hélder Moutinho, and Jorge Fernando.
Track listing
Luzinha
Quero
Foge
Triste Sina
Balelas
Sábio Mudo
Não Demores
Até Ao Amanhecer
Ai O Amor
Versos Contados
Luz Materna
Saudade E Eu
Rosinha Da Serra D'Arga
Contemplação
Alecrim
Luz Do Mundo
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2017 albums
Portuguese-language albums
Sony Music albums
Alona Fisher-Kamm has been the Israeli Ambassador to Serbia since 2016 and non-resident Ambassador to Montenegro. Them tenure ended in 2020.
In September 2022, Fisher-Kamm was temporarily appointed head of the Israeli Liaison Office in Morocco amid investigations of sexual misconduct allegations against David Govrin.
Education
PhD. Political Science, Tel Aviv University “Israel in the Intellectual Discourse of the Left in Europe – The Framing of Israel in the Media in Spain, France and Britain”
2010-2015 PhD. Student, Political Science, Tel Aviv University
2009-2010 M.A. Studies, National Security College and Haifa University
1995-1998 M.A. Studies in Political Science, Tel Aviv University
1986-1989 B.A. Studies in Political Science, Tel Aviv University
References
Ambassadors of Israel to Serbia
Israeli women ambassadors
Tel Aviv University alumni
University of Haifa alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Michael J. Franklin is an American software entrepreneur and computer scientist specializing in distributed and streaming database technology.  They are Liew Family Chair of Computer Science and Chairman for the Department of Computer Science at the University of Chicago.
Prior to Chicago, they were Thomas M. Siebel Professor of Computer Science and Chair of the Computer Science Division at University of California, Berkeley. At Berkeley they were Director of the Algorithms, Machines, and People Laboratory (AMPLab), a collaboration of computing systems, data management, machine learning researchers focused on large-scale data analytics. Under their direction, AMPLab projects such as Spark and Mesos had wide industrial and academic impact. Professor Franklin is an ACM Fellow as well as SIGMOD Test of Time Award recipient. Professor Franklin is in the 2009 inaugural group of UMass' Alumni receiving achievement award from the CS Department at University of Massachusetts Amherst for Outstanding Achievement in Research. Professor Franklin was the top cited scholar in the field of databases based on AI 2000 study. They were also a cofounder as well as CTO of Truviso, a company specializing in streaming databases which was acquired by Cisco in May 2012.  They are also an advisor to Databricks, a big data company commercializing the Spark research project.
Professor Franklin received a bachelor's degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1983 and a master's degree from the Wang Institute of Graduate Studies in 1986. They earned a Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1993 with their thesis Caching and memory management in client-server database systems.
References
External links
Michael Franklin's web page and biography
Living people
American computer scientists
Database researchers
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
University of Chicago faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty
American chief technology officers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Uspen (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Uspenka. Many Kazakhstan Germans live in this area. Population:
Geography
Lake Bolshoy Azhbulat, a briny endorheic lake, is located in the district. The Burla river flows into the eastern lakeshore.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
Populated places established in 1935
1935 establishments in the Soviet Union
Roshan Taqui is an Indian historian specialising on Lucknow and its culture.
Personal life
Roshan Taqui was born in 1958 at Lucknow.
 They are an alumnus of AMU and Ph.D from Lucknow University on ‘Lucknow Monuments – Preservation, Conservation Solutions'.
Taqui's great-grandfather and great grand-uncle were killed in Lucknow during the 1857 uprising.
Professional life
Taqui has written numerous books and published more than 140 research papers on history and cultural heritage of Avadh in English, Hindi and Urdu.
Their book Lucknow Ki Bhand Parampara ("The Traditions of the clown of Lucknow") is the only book on the subject. They have also written two books on contribution of rulers of Avadh to Indian music and dance viz., Bani and Chanchal.
They have also written and directed three short films on adult education and prohibition and directed 14 plays.
Roshan Taqui is member secretary of HARCA (the Historical & Archaeological Research and Conservation Agency), which is looking after conservation and restoration of heritage buildings at Lucknow.
Publications
English
Avadh Dastavez
Images of Lucknow, 2007, New Royal Book Co.
Lucknow 1857: The Two Wars of Lucknow, Dusk of an Era, 2001, New Royal Book Co.
Lucknow Conservation, International Dimensions
Lucknow Monuments – Conservation, Preservations Solutions
Begum Hazrat Mahal
Hindi
Bani - Sangeet Sankalan
Lucknow ki Bhand Parampara
Lucknow kay Miraasi
Chanchal - Sangeet Sankalan
Dulhan - Sangeet Sankalan
Sautul Mubarak
Begum Hazrat Mahal
1857 kay Baad Lucknow ki Barbaadi
Aaha Mirza Kambalposh - Lucknow ka Pahla Krantiveer
Wajid Ali Shah - Ek Sufi ek Sant
Anuvaad - Shad Azimabaadi
Urdu
Khushboo - Urdu dramoN ka Majmua
Ajayab Nagar - Yakbaabi Almiya DramoN ka MajmuaaN
Daadajaan ne Kaha Tha - Do Baabi Tarbiya DramoN ka MamuaaN
References
1958 births
20th-century Indian historians
Living people
Indian Muslims
Writers from Lucknow
William Marshall Bullitt (March 4, 1873 – October 3, 1957) was an influential lawyer and author who served as Solicitor General of the United States (1912-1913).
Biography
Background
Bullitt was born to Thomas Walker Bullitt and Annie P. Logan in Louisville, Kentucky on March 4, 1873. Their ancestors arrived in Kentucky in the 1700s: the Bullitts, the Walkers, the Christians (relatives of Patrick Henry) and the Logans (descended from United States Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall). Their father studied law in Philadelphia.
They began their collegiate career at Princeton University, earning a bachelor's degree in 1894. They received a law degree from the University of Louisville in 1895.
Early career
That same year (1895), Bullitt entered law practice in their hometown of Louisville, where they established themselves as a senior member of their firm Bullitt, Dawson & Tarrant. They practiced law there until their death in 1957.
Politics
Bullitt served as a delegate-at-large at the 1908 Republican National Convention in Chicago. They made speeches on behalf of practically all Louisville Republicans during election time. If they did not think the election officers were performing up to their standards, they proceeded to have them arrested.
Bulliit proved their dedication to President William Howard Taft and the Republican Party by leading Taft's election forces in Kentucky throughout their run for president in 1909.
Solicitor General (1912-1913)
Taft appointed Bullitt Solicitor General on June 28, 1912.
During their service (1912-1913), Bullitt argued cases involving enforcement of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act on cotton corners, and publicity laws and mail rates regarding newspapers and their circulation.
Other cases they argued in front of the U.S. Supreme Court involved income taxation of federal judicial salaries, taxation of state bonds and municipal securities, the Federal Farm Act, and the Rehabilitation Act of California.
After government
Bullitt was Kentucky's Republican nominee for Senate in 1914, but was defeated.
For the remainder of their life, they were active not only as a lawyer but also as a banker, academic, and author.
They taught at Harvard University and served as a member of the committee on mathematics there. They became a Fellow of Pierpont Morgan Library and was a member of the Louisville Bar Association, American Math Association, Amateur Astronomy Association, and the American Law Institute.
Carnegie Endowment and Alger Hiss
In 1933, Bullitt joined the trustees of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace after being nominated by their successor as solicitor general, John W. Davis. Often critical of Carnegie, they were one of the most vociferous regarding Alger Hiss, first because of the irregular procedure in accepting Hiss and president and then after following HUAC hearings in August 1948. During late November and early December 1948, they wrote a "Factual Review of the Whittaker Chambers-Alger Hiss Controversy," which they soon after had published. With this review, they voted on December 13, 1948, that the trustees accept Hiss's resignation as president but accepted the board's majority vote for leave of absence without pay. Bullitt then attended both trials of Hiss during 1949 and provided Federal prosecutor Thomas Murphy with their review as a legal aid.
Personal life
Bullitt was known to be a very slight man who one Kentuckian remarked could "talk faster than any man in Kentucky."
They were a noted collector of rare mathematics texts. Following a discussion with their friend G. H. Hardy, Bullitt set out to obtain first-edition works by what they considered the twenty-five greatest mathematicians of all time. Following their death, this collection, which grew to include at least 300 volumes by at least sixty different mathematicians, was donated to the University of Louisville. Among the texts in the collection are works by Albert Einstein, Isaac Newton, René Descartes, Galileo, Copernicus, Euclid, Carl Friedrich Gauss, Leonhard Euler, and Gottfried Leibniz.
In November 1956, thieves cracked a wall safe in their Oxmoor home. Police estimated the amount of valuables taken as high as $250,000, of which $77,000 was recovered by the time Bullitt died a year later.
Death
Bullitt died on October 3, 1957, of a heart attack at the age of 84. Bullitt was buried at Oxmoor Cemetery in Kentucky.
Impact
Bullitt argued more than fifty cases in front of the U.S. Supreme Court, some of which were argued while serving as Solicitor General of the United States.
Publications
The following publications appear in two listings in the Library of Congress online catalog:
Civil and Criminal Codes of Practice of Kentucky and Amendments Enacted Prior to 1899 (1899)
Civil and Criminal Codes of Practice of Kentucky (1902)
Louisville Election Contest Cases (1907)
The Relation of the Individual Policyholder to the Resources of a Mutual Life Insurance Company (1914)
The Supreme Court of the United States and Unconstitutional Legislation (1924)
Opinion of Wm. Marshall Bullitt Upon the Disputed Claims between Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd., and United States Shipping Board Emergency Fleet Corporation (1923)
Accidental Means (1927)
Some Unsolved Problems: Address Before the Cincinnati Bar Association, April 26, 1945 (1946)
Factual Review of the Whittaker Chambers-Alger Hiss Controversy (New York: Lawyers Press, 1949)
Another publication is:
Distribution of Divisible Surplus in the Light of Present Economic Conditions
Bullitt also edited their own law codes book in 1889 and 1902, called Bullitt's Civil and Criminal Codes of Kentucky.
References
External links
Historylink: Dorothry Priscilla "Patsy" Bullitt Collins (1920-2003)
1873 births
1957 deaths
United States Solicitors General
Princeton University alumni
University of Louisville alumni
University of Louisville School of Law alumni
American lawyers
Harvard University faculty
William
Kentucky Republicans
Kanmanikal is a 1966 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by P. Ramakrishnan. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sharada
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Kamala
Baby Ajitha
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Master Narayanan
Meena
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1966 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Andrea Busati di Stefano (fl. 1503–1528) was an Italian painter of Albanian origin during the Renaissance period. Andrea was the son of Stefano Busati who had fled to Venice from Albania. They were a follower of the Giovanni Bellini, is the author of a signed St. Mark enthroned between SS. Francis and Andrew, painted about 1510, and now in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice. A figure of a Saint in the Vicenza Gallery is also ascribed to him.
References
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Painters from Venice
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Albanian male painters
Ceroprepes pulvillella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Zeller in 1867 and is known from India.
References
Moths described in 1867
Phycitinae
Antonio Alberto García Guerrero (February 6, 1886November 7, 1959) was a Chilean composer, pianist, and teacher. While they are most famously remembered as the mentor of Canadian pianist Glenn Gould, García influenced several generations of musicians through their many years of teaching at the Toronto Conservatory of Music.
Biography
Born in La Serena, Chile, García first studied piano with their mother and older brother Daniel; they were otherwise self-taught. After the family moved to Santiago in the early 1890s, they became part of a group of artists and intellectuals who called themselves Los Diez. As a resourceful composer and talented concert pianist, García would have a reform-minded influence on Chilean musical life. Their brother Eduardo became a music critic and Alberto contributed articles and reviews to the newspaper El diario ilustrado. They published a treatise in 1915 entitled La armonia moderna (now lost).
García introduced Chilean audiences to the modern music of their day, including works by Debussy, Ravel, Cyril Scott, Scriabin, and Schoenberg. They founded and conducted Santiago's first symphony orchestra and was active in founding the Sociedad Bach in 1917.
In 1918, during a honeymoon trip to New York City, García came in contact with members of the Hambourg family, who invited them to teach at the recently established Hambourg Conservatory in Toronto. García accepted this position and emigrated to Canada with their wife and daughter the following year.
In Toronto, García performed for a few years with the Hambourg Trio (having replaced pianist Mark Hambourg). While they shifted their focus to piano technique and pedagogy, they expanded their performing repertory to include works from Purcell through Les Six. As one of Canada's most active pianists, they played regular radio recitals (a highly innovative move at the time) beginning in the mid-1920s and through to the early 1950s. They also initiated a subscription series of solo recitals from 1932-1937. Each season's four or five recitals would cover often neglected works by Bach, Scarlatti, Haydn, Mozart, 18th-century Spanish composers, 20th-century French composers, and Stravinsky. Bach pieces included the complete inventions and sinfonias as well as the Goldberg Variations, all of which would be later popularized by their pupil Glenn Gould. García performed in various chamber ensembles with musicians such as with Frank Blachford (violin), Leo Smith (cello), Harold Sumberg (violin), and Cornelius Ysselstyn (cello). For over a decade, they were also a member of the Five Piano Ensemble.
In 1922, García left the Hambourg Conservatory and joined the Toronto Conservatory of Music (Royal Conservatory of Music), where they remained until their death in Toronto in 1959, having established themselves as one of Canada's preeminent music teachers.
García was known to be quiet and focused. Their near self-effacement instead gave rise to the most prominent Canadian musicians of the late 20th century. They had a decisive technical and aesthetic influence on Glenn Gould, whom they mentored for 10 years, even though Gould would later claim to be self-taught. García was also known for their keen intellect and eloquence vis-à-vis painting, poetry, and philosophy (Comte, Husserl, Sartre). "He was one of the few musicians from whom a student would get a vista of ideas beyond music," recalls composer R. Murray Schafer, who composed In Memoriam Alberto Guerrero a few months after their teacher's death.
Compositions
García had been known as a versatile composer in Santiago. In addition to a number of chamber works and piano solos, they wrote music for 4 or 5 operettas and zarzuelas (now lost) which were produced in Chile between 1908 and 1915. However, after moving to Canada, García focused more on teaching, though a couple of piano works (Tango and Southern Seas) were published in 1937. They also collaborated with their wife Myrtle Rose Guerrero to co-author The New Approach to the Piano (2 vols., 1935–36).
Students
As a prominent member of the music circles in Santiago and later at the Toronto Conservatory of Music, García influenced generations of students who would go on to shape the musical life of Chile, Canada, and beyond. What follows is an incomplete list:
William Aide
John Beckwith
Joan Bell
Helmut Blume
Gwendoly Duchemin
Ray Dudley
Jeanette Fujarczuk
Dorothy Sandler Glick
Glenn Gould
Myrtle Rose Guerrero (2nd wife)
Stuart Hamilton
Paul Helmer
Horace Lapp
Edward Laufer8
Patricio Pizarro
Gordana Lazarevich
Pierrette LePage
Jean Lyons
Edward Magee
Ursula Malkin
Bruce Mather
John McIntyre
Gordon McLean
Gerald Moore
Oscar Morawetz
Laurence Morton
Arthur Ozolins
George Ross
Domingo Santa Cruz Wilson
R. Murray Schafer
Oleg Telizyn
Malcolm Troup
Neil Van Allen
Ruth Watson Henderson
Grace Irene Hunt McDonald
Gayle Sharlene Brown
Recordings
Glenn Gould: Their First Recordings (1947–1952). Video Artists International 1198 (2001).
Notes
Bibliography
The only book-length biography of Guerrero.
Archive collection
An archive collection of Guerrero's manuscripts and papers is located at the University of Toronto Music Library.
External links
Encyclopedia of Music in Canada article
Schafer, R. Murray (2007). Program Notes (PDF).
Glenn Gould Archives at Library and Archives Canada
Description of ‘The Music Teacher', a documentary by filmmaker Patricia Fogliato
Site dedicated to Beckwith's biography In Search of Alberto Guerrero
Archival papers held at University of Toronto Music Library
1886 births
1959 deaths
People from La Serena
Chilean emigrants to Canada
The Royal Conservatory of Music faculty
Chilean classical pianists
Canadian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Piano pedagogues
Musicians from Toronto
Place of death missing
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century Canadian male musicians
The Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2008 pageant was held on June 17, 2008. This year 40 candidates competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Earth 2008 beauty pageant, which was held in Manila. In this pageant the provinces are represented with the name of the provincial capital or city in the Province. The Miss República Dominicana Ecoturismo will enter Miss Eco-Turismo 2008.
Results
Special awards
Miss Photogenic (voted by press reporters) - Evelin Periel (San Cristóbal)
Miss Congeniality (voted by Miss Dominican Republic Universe contestants) - Fatima Reyes (Hermanas Mirabal)
Miss Internet - Annè de la Cruz (Jarabacoa)
Best Face - Diana Flores (San Francisco de Macorís)
Best Provincial Costume - Ana Vinicio (Neiba)
Miss Cultura - Marieli Sánchez (Dajabón)
Miss Elegancia - Yatnna Alvares (Espaillat)
Best Talent - Waleska de la Cruz (Santo Domingo Este)
Best Representation of their Province or Municipality - Alfonsina González (Puerto Plata)
Delegates
Trivia
Miss Com. Dom. Puerto Rico entered in Miss DR 05.
Miss Barahona would enter Miss Turismo Dominicana 2008
External links
http://www.misstierrard.com/
http://www.diarioadiario.com/?module=displaystory&story_id=14262&edition_id=31&format=html
https://web.archive.org/web/20080811125719/http://www.diariodigital.com.do/articulo,30385,html
http://cronicadigital.com.do/modabelleza/eligen-miss-republica-dominicana-tierra-2008/26,153,2168,html
Miss Dominican Republic
2008 beauty pageants
2008 in the Dominican Republic
Assis Giovanaz (born 4 October 1989), known as Assis, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Born in Garibaldi, Rio Grande do Sul, Giovanaz started their youth career at América Futebol Clube (MG), finishing it in Portugal at C.F. Os Belenenses. They made their professional debut with the latter on 13 February 2010, playing 11 minutes in a 1–0 away loss against S.L. Benfica in the Primeira Liga after Bruno Vale was sent off.
In 2010, Assis signed with fellow league club Vitória de Guimarães, being initially assigned to their reserves in the Segunda Liga and going on to be loaned twice. Their biggest league input with the first team consisted of 16 matches, in the 2014–15 season.
On 7 July 2016, Assis joined Portuguese second division club Leixões S.C. as a free agent. They returned to the top tier the following campaign, moving to Boavista F.C. on a two-year contract.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Sul
Brazilian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
A.D. Lousada players
S.C. Freamunde players
Vitória S.C. players
Vitória S.C. B players
Leixões S.C. players
Boavista F.C. players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Temple Beth-El is a historic Jewish synagogue at 301 E. Thirteenth Street in Anniston, Alabama. It was built in 1891 in the Romanesque Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Jews and Judaism in Appalachia
Reform synagogues in Alabama
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Calhoun County, Alabama
Romanesque Revival architecture in Alabama
Synagogues completed in 1891
Buildings and structures in Anniston, Alabama
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places
George Morfogen (March 30, 1933 – March 8, 2019) was an American stage, film and TV actor.  They are known for playing Bob Rebadow in the HBO show Oz, and for their role as Stanley Bernstein in the original V miniseries.
They were of Greek descent.
Biography
They appeared at the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn and at the off-Broadway Westside Theatre in Heinrich von Kleist's play, The Prince of Homburg. The play was videotaped for the PBS series, Great Performances, and later released as a DVD. A chapter in Davi Napoleon's book, Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater describes the rehearsal process and the production.
Morfogen was lifelong friends with director Peter Bogdanovich, and was the best man for Bogdanovich at their 1962 wedding to Polly Platt. Morfogen acted in five films directed by Bogdanovich: What's Up, Doc? (1972), Daisy Miller (1974), They All Laughed (1981; also producer), Illegally Yours (1988; also co-producer), and She's Funny That Way (2014). They worked off-screen on several other Bogdanovich movies; Morfogen was dialogue coach on At Long Last Love (1975), and associate producer on Saint Jack (1979) and Mask (1985).
In 2001 they reprised their role as Bob in the Off-Broadway premiere of Uncle Bob, by Austin Pendleton, who wrote the role with Morfogen in mind. Gale Harold, followed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, played the character of Josh, Bob's nephew. The production, which was directed by Courtney Moorehead and produced by Steven Sendor, had 114 performances at The SoHo Playhouse.
They were a teacher at HB Studio. They died on March 8, 2019, 22 days before their 86th birthday. They were survived by their husband Gene Laughorne. They were partners for 51 years.
Filmography
References
External links
Interview with Off-Center, the Primary Stages Off-Broadway Oral History Project
1933 births
2019 deaths
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American gay actors
Male actors from New York City
American people of Greek descent
John Francis McLaren (19 June 1919 – 23 March 1953) was a Royal Air Force officer. They were the younger son of Henry McLaren, 2nd Baron Aberconway and Christabel MacNaghten.
Career
Educated at Eton College, McLaren became an RAF squadron leader during World War II, first serving as a Mosquito pilot and later as a flight instructor. After the war, they became a barrister of the Inner Temple in 1946. They were made High Sheriff of Denbighshire in 1952, but died in 1953.
Family
On 3 April 1940, they married Lady Rose Mary Primrose Paget (1919–2005), a noted beauty and the daughter of Charles Paget, 6th Marquess of Anglesey. They had two daughters, six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren:
Victoria Mary Caroline McLaren (23 May 1945) they married Jonathan Taylor on 4 October 1966. They have four daughters and one grandson:
Arabella Lucy Kirwan Taylor b. 1969
Lucinda Sophie Kirwan Taylor (1972)
Caroline Samantha Kirwan Taylor (1976) they married Alexander Simon Ramsay (grandson of 16th Earl of Dalhousie). They have one son.
Katharine Polly Kirwan Taylor (1979)
Harriet Diana Christabel McLaren (18 January 1949) they married Hugh Geddes (grandson of Auckland Campbell Geddes, 1st Baron Geddes though their third son) on 27 January 1972. They have two sons and two grandchildren:
Luke John McLaren Geddes (22 March 1974)
Sam Duncan McLaren Geddes (29 August 1975) they married Mary C. Banker. They have two children:
John Geddes (29 November 2013)
Eva Rose Christabel Geddes (19 October 2015)
References
thePeerage.com
1919 births
1953 deaths
British World War II pilots
Members of the Inner Temple
People educated at Eton College
Royal Air Force officers
Younger sons of barons
High Sheriffs of Denbighshire
20th-century British lawyers
John Francis
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Shannon Peters (born 8 May 1969) is a former professional Australian tennis player.
They turned professional in 1991 and retired in January 1996. Them career-high WTA singles ranking is 294, which they reached on 30 January 1995. Them the highest doubles ranking is 186, set on 28 November 1994.
ITF finals
Singles (3–0)
Doubles (5–5)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Tennis players from Sydney
The Königsberg State and University Library () was a combined state library and academic library in Königsberg, East Prussia, Germany. One of the most prestigious libraries of the eastern German Sprachraum, comparable only to the , in Breslau in Silesia of then southeastern Germany, (now renamed Wroclaw in southwestern Poland since World War II). Königsberg University's developed since the 16th century out of several smaller libraries. It was destroyed in 1944 during World War II in the invasion by the Soviet Union after which the city was occupied and renamed Kaliningrad.
History
Chamber Library
Albert, Duke of Prussia (1490–1568), founded the Chamber Library (Kammerbibliothek) or German Library (Deutsche Bibliothek) above the gate of Königsberg Castle ca. 1526 with about 100 smaller works. Its first director was the ducal secretary Balthasar Gans. Because Albert only had rudimentary knowledge of the Latin language, the collection contained German books and German language translations of foreign texts. Its authors were among the most influential of the Protestant Reformation of the 15th century, including Martin Luther, Lazarus Spengler, Martin Bucer, Johann von Staupitz, Andreas Karlstadt, , Johannes Oecolampadius, and Urbanus Rhegius. Other volumes included legal, historical, geographical, and medical topics. By the end of Albert's life, the ducal Chamber Library had expanded to 500 volumes. The Chamber Library was passed to the Castle Library in 1583.
Silver Library
The most cherished part of the Chamber Library was the Silver Library (Silberbibliothek). Initially only two of Albert's volumes were bound with plates of embossed silver by silversmiths, but it expanded to twenty after the duke's second marriage in 1550 to Anna Marie of Brunswick-Lüneburg. Besides the splendid Lutheran Bible by Cornelius Vorwend of Nuremberg, there were also three works by Paul Hoffmann, six by Gerhard Lenz, and five by Hieronymus Kösler, the latter three all being from Königsberg.
On 20 August 1611 the Silver Library passed to the directors of the Castle Library. It was temporarily evacuated to Küstrin during the Seven Years' War (1756–1763), to Memel (later renamed Klaipeda) during the War of the Fourth Coalition (1806–1807) in the world-wide Napoleonic Wars (1803–1815), and to Berlin during World War I (1914–1918). Since 1924 it was exhibited as part of the Teutonic Knights museum within Königsberg Castle. It was moved to the manor in Karwinden during World War II (1939–1945) but was lost amidst the battle damage of the war on the Eastern Front with the invasion by the Soviet Union.
Castle Library
Encouraged by the influx of educated persons to Königsberg, Albert established for academics the Castle Library (Schloßbibliothek) or New Library (Neue Bibliothek, Bibliotheca nova), the core of the later State Library, alongside their private Chamber Library in 1529. Crotus Rubeanus of Thuringia gathered 63 mostly Latin and Greek volumes from 70 authors. It grew in size to require a librarian, the efficient Felix König (Rex) of Ghent, also known as Polyphemus, who instituted systematic and alphabetical catalogs. The date of Polyphemus's start, 5 December 1534, has been regarded as the informal beginning of the library.
Albert made the Castle Library public in 1540, an act celebrated by theologians and humanists and praised by Wilhelm Gnapheus in Latin poetry. At that time it contained 1,600 titles in 800 volumes. Writing in the , considered the Königsberg Castle Library to be the first public library in Europe, older than the Bodleian Library which opened publicly in 1602. Between 1541 and 1543 the Castle Library also acquired the Ordensbibliothek, the library of the Teutonic Knights previously located in Tapiau. By the time of Polyphemus's death in 1549, the Castle Library counted 2,400 works in 1,200 volumes.
The immediate successors of Polyphemus were Martin Chemnitz of Treuenbrietzen (worked 1550–53) and David Milesius of Neisse. The Castle Library flourished through the leadership of Heinrich Zell (worked 1557–64), who added 1,000 volumes and reorganized it. It was possibly by a suggestion of Zell that Albert decreed in 1557 that a copy of all books printed in Prussia be included within the Castle Library; legal deposit continued until 1945. Successors of Zell were Johann Steinbach (worked 1564–66), of Danzig (worked 1566–85), and of Danzig.
The Castle Library acquired the Chamber Library in 1583 and the Silver Library in 1611. Under the leadership of Menius ca. 1600, the Schlossbibliothek acquired 204 legal volumes and 196 theological volumes. It began to stagnate in 1618 after the inheritance of the Duchy of Prussia by the Margraviate of Brandenburg, however; the Hohenzollern rulers focused on developing the libraries of Berlin instead of Königsberg. From 1621 to 1658 only 343 volumes were added to the latter. At the end of the 17th century it acquired the collection of Bogusław Radziwiłł.
Wallenrodt Library
The (Wallenrodtsche Bibliothek) of Königsberg Cathedral was established by the 17th century ducal chancellor (1570–1632), whose first collection of 3,000 volumes was destroyed by fire in 1623. Martin began a second collection which reached 2,000 volumes by their death and was then continued by their son, (1632–1696), who added another 1,000 volumes. Ernst von Wallenrodt (1651–1735) donated 2,000 more volumes in 1718.
Librarians included the professor Christian Heinrich Gütther (worked 1738–55), (worked 1756–63), Carl Andreas Christiani (worked 1763–80), law professor (worked 1780–85), and . Rudolf Reicke counted 10,334 volumes, including 200 manuscripts and 85 incunabula.
The Wallenrodt Library was incorporated into the State and University Library in 1909, with 7,000 volumes taken by the Mitteltragheim facility and 3,500 volumes remaining in Königsberg Cathedral. The latter were destroyed by the August 1944 bombing of Königsberg in World War II.
University Library
The University Library (Universitätsbibliothek) was established in 1544 as a small academic library for the Albertina, the new University of Königsberg. However, it was for long overshadowed by the Chamber and Castle Libraries. It began to expand during the Age of Enlightenment through private efforts, rather than state support. Michael Lilienthal (1686–1750) was a librarian at the start of the 18th century, while during the administration of Martin Sylvester Grabe the Younger (1674–1727) it acquired 800 volumes. The theologian librarians Johannes Behm (lived 1687–1753) and Friedrich Samuel Bock (1716–85) added 1,744 and 2,469 volumes, respectively. From 1765 to 1772 Immanuel Kant served as an assistant librarian. The physicist Karl Daniel Reusch was librarian from 1779 to 1806. The University Library often received donations, such as the 3,000 volume and coin collection of the mathematician David Bläsing (1660–1719), the substantial collection of Professor Cölestin Kowalewski (lived 1700–71), part of the theologian Georg Christoph Pisanski's estate, and a donation from the Tilsit merchant Johann Daniel Gordack in 1790.
The University Library of that era was detrimentally located in two rooms within Königsberg Castle between the Schlosskirche and a tower. The library was only open two days a week for three hours, and was not open at all during the winter of 1772/73 because Bock did not want to work during the cold. By the end of Bock's service in 1779, the library's collection of manuscripts and incunabula had expanded to 14,000. The University Library received the collection of the Etatsministerium in 1805, as that government ministry had been dissolved the previous year. The library also acquired the collection of the Deutsche Gesellschaft.
Georg Heinrich Ludwig Nicolovius was only librarian from 1807 to 1809, but their effective administration acquired 2,832 volumes, more than Reusch had managed over a much longer time. The history collection was predominant, followed by theology and philology. German and European classics first began to appear during the flight attendantship of Nicolovius.
19th century
In 1810 during the era of Prussian reforms, several of the city's collections, including the Castle Library, University Library, Public Library, and Keyserling Library, moved to the Königshaus, a royal palace built for King Frederick William I in 1731 in Neue Sorge. The Castle Library thus became the Royal Library (Königliche Bibliothek) on 21 February 1810 and was administered by a university curatorship. The royal and university libraries were united as the Royal and University Library (Königliche- und Universitätsbibliothek) in 1827. The Keyserling Library moved to Rautenberg in 1821, while the Public Library moved to Kneiphof in 1875.
The library counted amongst its donations the personal collection of Johann Friedrich Herbart (1776–1841). In 1858 the bibliophile Friedrich August Gotthold (lived 1839–80), director of the Collegium Fridericianum, donated their personal collection of 36,000 volumes to the library. Gotthold's collection included belles-lettres, classical philology, pedagogy, history, geography, and music since the Renaissance. In 1860 it received the collection of its chief librarian, Christian August Lobeck (1781–1860).
In 1890 the Royal and University Library counted 263,636 volumes. Collections and Nachlässe acquired around the turn of the century included Friedrich Zanders (1811–94), Gustav Hirschfeld (1847–95), Jakob Caro (1835–1904), and August Hagen (1834–1910). The Nachlass of the philosopher Johann Georg Hamann (1730–88), the Magus of the North, was added in 1905.
20th century
The Royal and University Library moved from Neue Sorge to Tragheim in 1901. The new institution was built in Mitteltragheim in place of the Baroque Braxein-Tettau Palace once owned by the apothecary and councilor August Wilhelm Hensche. The adjoining road Henschestraße was named in their honor. Librarians included Fritz Milkau and Ernst Kuhnert. In 1909 it added the Wallenrodt Library, the preeminent noble and civil service collection of the province.
The institution became the State and University Library (Staats- und Universitätsbibliothek) after the abdication of the House of Hohenzollern in 1918. Kuhnert published a history of the library in 1926. Other collections affiliated with the united library were that of Königsberg Observatory and the Handbibliothek for use by students.
In 1939 the State and University Library contained 685,000 volumes. At the start of 1944 many of the library's most valued collections were evacuated to nearby palaces and manors. The library itself was destroyed during the August 1944 Bombing of Königsberg in World War II. Surviving texts were subsequently acquired by Soviet and Polish experts and institutions.
Remnants of the State and University Library can be found within, among others:
Germany: Prussian Privy State Archives in Berlin
Lithuania: Vilnius University Library and Martynas Mažvydas National Library of Lithuania in Vilnius;
Poland: Nicolaus Copernicus University Library in Toruń; Hosianum in Olsztyn
Russia: Immanuel Kant Baltic Federal University in Kaliningrad; Russian State Library, State Public Historical Library, Library For Foreign Literature, and INION in Moscow; Novosibirsk; Library of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Saint Petersburg; Voronezh State University Library in Voronezh.
References
Further reading
Reicke, Rudolf (ed). Altpreussische Monatsschrift (1903). Dreiundvierzigster Band. Der PreussischenProvinzial-Blätter CVI. Band. Verlag von Thomas und Oppermann. Königsberg in Pr.
1534 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Academic libraries in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
State and University Library
Library
Buildings and structures demolished in 1944
Libraries established in 1534
Libraries disestablished in 1944
The Hard Swing is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt's Quartet recorded in 1959 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
"I Got Rhythm" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 3:07
"What's New?" (Bob Haggart, Johnny Burke) - 3:41
"Subito" - 3:57
"If I Had You" (Irving King, Ted Shapiro) - 4:08
"I'll Remember April" (Don Raye, Gene de Paul, Patricia Johnston) - 4:36
"Blues for Lester" - 4:24
"After You've Gone" (Henry Creamer, Turner Layton) - 3:47
"Street of Dreams" (Sam M. Lewis, Victor Young) - 2:41
"The Way You Look Tonight" (Dorothy Fields, Jerome Kern) - 5:03
"Presto" - 3:27
"Tune Up" (Miles Davis) - 4:07
Personnel
Sonny Stitt Quartet
Sonny Stitt - alto saxophone (on 7 tracks); tenor saxophone (on 4 tracks)
Amos Trice - piano
George Morrow - bass
Lenny McBrowne - drums
Technical
Sheldon Marks - art direction
Norman Gollin - cover design
Tommy Mitchell - cover photography
References
1959 albums
Verve Records albums
Sonny Stitt albums
The Electric was a British electronica band, founded by original members DJ Vadim, Ste Simpson, Sabira Jade and Pugs Atomz in 2010. Simpson left the band in 2011 before the band's debut album, Life is Moving, was released.
References
Electronica music groups
John Burton Davis Jr. (December 2, 1924 – July 27, 2016) was an American cartoonist and illustrator, known for their advertising art, magazine covers, film posters, record album art and numerous comic book stories. They were one of the founding cartoonists for Mad in 1952. Their cartoon characters are characterized by extremely distorted anatomy, including big heads, skinny legs and large feet.
Early life
Davis was born December 2, 1924, in Atlanta, Georgia. As a child, they adored listening to Bob Hope on the radio and tried to draw him, despite not knowing what Hope looked like.
Career
Early work
Davis saw comic book publication at the age of 12 when they contributed a cartoon to the reader's page of Tip Top Comics No. 9 (December 1936). After drawing for their high school newspaper and yearbook, they spent three years in the U.S. Navy, where they contributed to the daily Navy News.
Attending the University of Georgia on the G.I. Bill, they drew for the campus newspaper and helped launch an off-campus humor publication, Bullsheet, which they described as "not political or anything but just something with risque jokes and cartoons." After graduation, they were a cartoonist intern at The Atlanta Journal, and they worked one summer inking Ed Dodd's Mark Trail comic strip, a strip which they later parodied in Mad as Mark Trade.
Comic strips and comic books
In 1949, they illustrated a Coca-Cola training manual, a job that gave them enough money to buy a car and drive to New York. Attending the Art Students League of New York, they found work with the Herald Tribune Syndicate as an inker on Leslie Charteris's The Saint comic strip, drawn by Mike Roy in 1949–1950. Their own humor strip, Beauregard, with gags in a Civil War setting, was carried briefly by the McClure Syndicate. After rejections from several comic book publishers, they began freelancing for William Gaines' EC Comics in 1950, contributing to Tales from the Crypt, The Vault of Horror, The Haunt of Fear, Frontline Combat, Two-Fisted Tales, Piracy, Incredible Science Fiction, Crime Suspenstories, Shock Suspenstories and Terror Illustrated.
In 2011, Davis told The Wall Street Journal about their early career and their breakthrough with EC:
Davis was particularly noted for their depiction of the Crypt-Keeper in the horror comics, revamping the character's appearance from the more simplistic Al Feldstein version to a tougher, craggier, mangier man with hairy warts, salivating mouth and oversized hands and feet, who usually did not wear shoes. Among the classic horror tales they illustrated were "Foul Play", which was cited in Dr. Fredric Wertham's book Seduction of the Innocent for its depiction of "a comic book baseball game". Others, like "Tain't the Meat, It's the Humanity", "Death of Some Salesman", "Fare Tonight Followed by Increasing Clottiness", "Tight Grip" and "Lower Berth", were Crypt-Keeper classics. They did the covers for every issue of Crypt from issue No. 29 to No. 46. In their work for Harvey Kurtzman's war comics, they tackled a variety of subjects and had a particular affinity for depicting American Civil War stories. They also did many covers for Frontline Combat, Two-Fisted Tales and Incredible Science Fiction as well. The editors, William M. Gaines, Albert B. Feldstein and Harvey Kurtzman, have said they were the fastest artist they had in those days, completely penciling and inking three or more pages a day at times. Their use of the brush to create depth and mood was unique and memorable. Their wrinkled clothing, scratchy lines, and multi-layered layouts were so popular in the 1950s that other artists at rival companies began copying the style—notably, Howard Nostrand in Harvey's horror comics. In the late 1950s, Davis drew Western stories for Atlas Comics. Their 1963 work on the Rawhide Kid (#33–35) was their last for non-humor comic books.
Their style of wild, free-flowing brushwork and wacky characters made them a perfect choice when Harvey Kurtzman launched Mad as a zany, satirical EC comic book in 1952. They appeared in most of the first 30 issues of Mad, all 12 issues of Panic and even some work in Cracked. Davis contributed to other Kurtzman magazines—Trump, Humbug and Help!—eventually expanding into illustrations for record jackets, movie posters, books and magazines, including Time and TV Guide. They completed an 88-card set of humorous cartoons called Wacky Plaks, which Topps Chewing Gum Co. released in 1959. They also illustrated a 66-card set called Funny Monsters and a 66-card set of Funny Valentine cards in 1959, also released by Topps Chewing Gum Co. In 1960, Jack illustrated another 66-card set of Funny Valentine cards and in 1961, they illustrated a set of Giant Funny Valentine cards. In 1964, they illustrated a set of Nutty Awards postcards, also released by Topps Chewing Gum Co., and in 1980 they helped illustrate a set of Topps Bazooka Wanted Posters. Jack illustrated two children's picture books, Bobby and the Magic Pen and The Misadventures of Don Quixote (both still available online). They also have a first published book of their sketches out on Amazon, "The Jack Davis Sketchbook of Untold Spooky Ghost Stories". Jack actually enjoyed their sketches more than their final artwork because they felt it represented their creative talents.
In 1961, they wrote, drew and edited their own comic book, Yak Yak, for Dell Comics. In 1965, they illustrated Meet The North American Indians by Elizabeth Payne, published by Random House as part of their children's Step Up Books line. (). They returned as a regular contributor to Mad magazine in the mid-1960s and their work appeared in nearly every issue after that for decades. They also drew many covers for the magazine, especially in the 1970s.
Davis also had a regular comic strip feature, Superfan, in Pro Quarterback magazine in the early 1970s. It was written by their Mad cohort, Nick Meglin.
Advertising and magazines
Davis first worked with TV Guide in 1965, which hired them to illustrate an expansive eight-page advertising supplement for NBC's TV lineup, which featured icons such as Johnny Carson, Dean Martin and fictional characters such as Dr. Kildare, Napoleon Solo and Maxwell Smart. Their first cover for the magazine came in 1968, when they depicted a tribute to Andy Griffith, in which the actor was hoisted on the shoulders of their costars, Don Knotts and Jim Nabors. Davis recalls, "Every assignment was a thrill because TV Guide was the top magazine in the country. I couldn't wait to get in my little MG and drive from New York out to the magazine's offices in Radnor, Pennsylvania, to show the editors my latest design. I felt like the luckiest guy in the world." Davis would contribute 23 covers for TV Guide between 1968 and 1981. In 2013 the magazine honored them in a retrospective in which it recounted their history with the publication and spotlighted some of their most memorable covers, including those depicting Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In (March 28, 1970), Davis' childhood hero Bob Hope for a cover on Hope's history with the Oscars (April 10, 1971) and Bonanza (August 14, 1971). Years later, while watching a TV interview of Hope, Davis was gratified to notice that their Hope cover was displayed on the back wall of the comedian's office; "it was one of the proudest moments of my life," recalled Davis.
Davis created the cartoon bee which (in decal form) appears on the flanks of all the buses in the Bee-Line running from Westchester to New York City. A Westchester resident at the time, Davis lived directly adjacent to one of the beeline's bus routes, and they mentioned in an interview how gratifying it was to see their own artwork drive past their window several times every day. Similar synchronicity happened when Mad moved to 1700 Broadway, where the magazine's fifth-floor production department was next to a wall three feet away that had previously been the location of an immense Davis cartoon for a bank, an advertisement that towered six stories over 53rd Street.
Films, posters, and cover art
Like fellow Mad alumnus Paul Coker, Jr., Davis also contributed to Rankin-Bass productions; their character designs are featured in Mad Monster Party, The Coneheads and the cartoon series The King Kong Show, The Jackson 5ive and The Osmonds. For Raid insecticide, Davis created the animated bug that screamed "Raid?!" Phil Kimmelman Associates created several commercials designed by Davis and animated in their style.
Davis produced the artwork for the poster for the 1963 comedy chase film It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. In 2014, they remembered an experience from that year: "My dad had Parkinson's disease, and they paid me a visit. They really had not been to New York in—well, ever—and they came out of the station and saw the signboard [advertising the film], very big signboard in Times Square. That was a big thrill. Little old me ..."
Two years later, they parodied their own Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World image for the cover of the Mad paperback It's a World, World, World, World Mad, their first work for the magazine following an almost seven-year hiatus. Having returned, Davis would remain a regular freelancer for more than thirty years. When the Criterion Collection released the film on DVD and Blu-ray in 2014, Davis provided new illustrations for the accompanying booklet.
Davis' artwork for the comedy Western Viva Max! (1969) formed the centerpiece of that film's promotional campaign, and they did the same for the film Kelly's Heroes in 1970. Their poster for Robert Altman's The Long Goodbye (1973) presented the film in a comic light.
In 1963 Davis produced a work of cover art for the Richard Wolfe album, Many Happy Returns of the Day! released by MGM Records, and designed the Homer and Jethro album, Homer and Jethro Go West (RCA Victor).
In 1966, Davis created the cover art for the Johnny Cash album Everybody Loves a Nut. Davis also created album artwork for such musicians as The Guess Who, Tito Puente, Sailcat, and The Cowsills, as well as for such comedians as Bob and Ray, Archie Campbell, Don Imus and Myron Cohen. They also provided the artwork for several of Sheb Wooley's comic albums as their character Ben Colder. In 1974, Davis provided artwork for Atco Records' printed advertisements of the Genesis album The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.
During their tenure with Mad, Davis' specialty was drawing sports-themed articles. This led to their work for Paramount Pictures, painting the poster for The Bad News Bears (1976).
Mascot
While Davis resided on St. Simons Island, Georgia, they sketched various characters and mascots for the College of Coastal Georgia in Brunswick, Georgia. Their drawing of the Mariner, Capt. Jack, was ultimately selected by the college students and staff as the official school mascot.
Personal life and death
Davis grew up and went to college in Georgia. Following their professional career in New York, Davis and their wife Dena moved to St. Simons Island, Georgia in the 1990s. They raised two children: daughter Katie Davis Lloyd and son Jack Davis III, who gave the cause of their father's death on July 27, 2016 at age 91 as complications from a stroke.
Awards and exhibitions
Davis was inducted into the Will Eisner Hall of Fame in 2003. They also received the National Cartoonists Society's Milton Caniff Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996. A finalist for inclusion in the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1990, 1991 and 1992, they received the National Cartoonists Society's Advertising Award for 1980 and their Reuben Award for 2000. They were awarded the Inkpot Award in 1985.
In June 2002, Davis had a retrospective exhibition of their work at the Society of Illustrators in New York. They were inducted into the Society of Illustrators Hall of Fame in 2005.
In 1989, Davis was commissioned by the United States Postal Service to design the 25-cent Letter Carriers stamp. There was some concern that the cartoon would offend some letter carriers as being too informal and not respectful of their position. However, the president of the Letter Carriers Union gave their blessing, and the stamp was well received. Although postal policy does not allow artists to portray living persons on stamps, one of the carriers in the stamp is an unmistakable self-portrait of Davis.
In 2019, Davis was posthumously awarded the Inkwell Awards Stacey Aragon Special Recognition Award for their lifetime of work in the inking field.
See also
List of TV Guide covers
Richard Amsel
Frank McCarthy
Bob Peak
Drew Struzan
Howard Terpning
References
External links
Jack Davis at American Art Archives
Spotlight on Jack Davis at RankinBass.com
Jack Davis' Mad contributions at MadCoverSite.com
1924 births
2016 deaths
American comics artists
American comic strip cartoonists
American caricaturists
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Film poster artists
Album-cover and concert-poster artists
Mad (magazine) cartoonists
Artists from Atlanta
Reuben Award winners
University of Georgia people
Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame inductees
EC Comics
Inkpot Award winners
The 2010 Copa Telmex was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 13th edition of the Copa Telmex, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour. It took place in Buenos Aires, Argentina, from February 15 through February 21, 2010. Juan Carlos Ferrero won the singles title.
The singles line up was led by 2007 Copa Telmex champion and 2009 Copa Telmex runner-up Juan Mónaco, David Ferrer, Nicolás Almagro and Juan Carlos Ferrero. other players were 2008 champion David Nalbandian, Richard Gasquet, Igor Andreev, Albert Montañés.
Finals
Singles
Juan Carlos Ferrero defeated David Ferrer 5–7, 6–4, 6–3
It was Ferrero's 2nd title of the year and 14th of their career.
Doubles
Sebastián Prieto / Horacio Zeballos defeated Simon Greul / Peter Luczak, 7–6(7–4), 6–3
Entrants
Seeds
Rankings as of February 8, 2010.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw:
Gastón Gaudio
Carlos Moyá
Eduardo Schwank
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Pablo Andújar
Diego Junqueira
Santiago Ventura
Filippo Volandri
The following players received Special Exempts into the main draw:
Łukasz Kubot
Ricardo Mello
References
External links
Official website
ITF tournament details
Copa Telmex
ATP Buenos Aires
Copa Telmex
Copa Telmex
2010 Copa Telmex
A coat of plates is a form of segmented torso armour consisting of overlapping metal plates riveted inside a cloth or leather garment. The coat of plates is considered part of the era of transitional armour and was normally worn as part of a full knightly harness. The coat saw its introduction in Europe among the warring elite in the 1180s or 1220s and was well established by the 1250s. It was in very common usage by the 1290s. By the 1350s it was universal among infantry militias as well. After about 1340, the plates covering the chest were combined to form an early breastplate, replacing the coat of plates. After 1370, the breastplate covered the entire torso. Different forms of the coat of plates, known as the brigandine and jack of plates, remained in use until the late 16th century.
Construction
The plates number anywhere from eight or ten to the hundreds depending on their size. The plates overlap, usually enough to guarantee full coverage even when moving around and fighting. The coat of plates is similar to several other armours such as lamellar, scale and brigandine. Unlike scale armour which has plates on the outside or splint armour in which plates can be inside or outside, a coat of plates has the plates on the inside of the foundation garment. It is generally distinguished from a brigandine by having larger plates, though there may be no distinction in some examples.
In their 2013 PhD thesis, Mathias Goll suggests that this kind of armour made from several segments held together via leather or fabric only should be described as “segmented-armour”, in this case in the subtype "torso-front-and-back-segmented".
Goll suggests a later dating of the saint Maurice statue in Magdeburg, possibly moving its production from the second half of the 13th century to the first half of the 14th century. They interpret the backplates of their coat of arms as vertically arranged lames held in place beneath leather or fabric by horizontal rows of rivets, like on some of the Visby plates.
Visby armour
One of the best resources about coats of plates are the mass graves from the Battle of Visby. The Visby coats of plates display between 8 and some 600 separate plates fastened to their backings. The mass grave from a battle in 1361 has yielded a tremendous number of intact armour finds including 24 distinct patterns of coat of plates style armour. Many of these were older styles similar to the armoured surcoat discussed below.
Development
The early coat of plates is often seen with trailing cloth in front and back, such as seen on the 1250 St. Maurice coat. This has been described as metal plates riveted to the inside of a surcoat. There is debate regarding whether the plates inside the armoured surcoat overlapped, but the armour is otherwise similar. Quantitatively speaking, however, most of the known evidence for coat of plates and brigandines dated from 14th and 15th centuries actually displays arrangements of overlapping plates; and although there are exceptions to this rule, they are not many.
Presumably, the development and the later popularization of this type of harness is directly linked to the knightly needs for better protection against cavalry lances, since the former protection of mail and aketon made the horseman vulnerable only to such strikes. In Mike Loades' military documentary called Weapons that Made Britain: Armor, the older set of mail harness and aketon proved itself unable to stop lance strikes at horseback charges. The addition of an authentic reproduction of coat of plates, however, provided sufficient protection against all the lance strikes, even the most powerful of them could not penetrate through the combination of padding, mail and plates, proving its effectiveness as the new cavalry protection.
The earliest use of iron plate reinforcements is recorded by Guillaume le Breton. In their Phillippidos, prince Richard - later King Richard I of England - is described wearing a ferro fabricata patena at a jousting tournament in 1188. Such iron breastplate, like later references of early developments of such harness, was described being worn under the hauberk, thus not being visible when all the armor was properly worn. The evidence that such new harness is first mentioned at jousting reinforces the assumption that such developments were designed to protect against lance strikes.
Iron plate reinforcements would be recorded again in Heinrich von dem Türlin's Diu Crône, from 1220's; the gehôrte vür die brust ein blat is mentioned after the gambeson, hauberk and coif, but before the surcoat, thus still not being entirely visible. Later sources usually describe these new iron reinforcements being worn under traditional armour in this way, which explains why this sort of armour seldom appears in illustrations and statuary before the late 13th century.
By mid-13th century, artistic evidence shows similar plate pattern to that of St. Maurice's Effigy in a German manuscript. The fact that German men-at-arms often are described with this armor in art or military records under foreign lands might suggest they were behind their popularization in Europe by that time. The coat of plates worn by German knights at the battles of Benevento in 1266 and Tagliacozzo in 1268 rendered them nearly invincible against French sword blows, until the French realized the German armpits were poorly protected. Contemporary to this, Scandinavian sources from mid-to-late 13th century also make reference to it: in the Konungs skuggsjá, from around 1250, it is called a Briost Bjorg and specifies that is should cover the area between the nipples and the belt. The later Hirdskraa of the 1270s calls it a plata, informing that it should be worn beneath the hauberk, permitting it only to the highest ranks of Scandinavian military, from skutilsvein (knight) and up. In Barcelona, for instance, there was a local production of coats-of-plates — then called "cuirasses" − beginning in 1257; King James II of Aragon ordered such cuirasses to be made for them and their sons in 1308, which were covered in samite fabric of different colors.
In the transitional period segmented armour like the coat of plates was replaced by larger, better shaped and fitted plates. Mathias Goll stresses that while plate armour was more effective, the segmented armour could be "lighter and more flexible while it left less 'dangerous' chinks". The segmented armour also put fewer demands on the craftsman, requiring fewer tools and less skill, thus being prominently cheaper. As a consequence, the "older" types could remain in production alongside more "modern" developments. In addition to protection and wearer comfort, this armor was also chosen for fashion. In 1295, the coat of plates was worn along with mail by nearly all troops in an army gathered by King Philip IV of France. In that same year, a Lombard merchant brought to Bruges the huge amount of 5,067 coats-of-plates, alongside other equipment. The armor was so popular that in 1316 the captured harnesses of the Welsh noble Llywelyn Bren included a "buckram armor". By the second half of the 14th century, the coat of plates became affordable enough to be worn by soldiers of lesser status, like the Gotland's militiamen or the urban militia of Paris.
After being replaced by plate armour amongst the elite, similar garments could still be found in the 15th century, as the brigandine. The Portuguese 'Regimento dos Coudéis' from 1418 states that the most basic body armor accessible for a non-gentle soldier was, indeed, such armor. Another similar but later garment was the coat or Jack of plate which remained in use until the end of the 16th century.
See also
Scale armour
Lamellar armour
Brigandine
Jack of plate
Citations
References
Counts, David. "Examination of St. Maurice Coat of Plates", The Arador Armour Library, retrieved 3/22/07
Edge and Paddock. Arms and Armour of the Medieval Knight. Saturn Books, London, 1996.
Heath, Ian. Armies of Feudal Europe 1066 - 1300. Wargames Research Group Publication, Sussex, 1989.
External links
Reconstructed examples of 25 coat of plate armours from the Visby find
Western plate armour
Medieval armour
Timestalkers is a 1987 American made-for-television science fiction film directed by Michael Schultz and starring William Devane.
The film is based on Ray Brown's story The Tintype.
Plot
In 1986, Dr. Scott McKenzie (William Devane) is a college professor and ardent fan of the gunslinger culture of the Old West. A year ago, McKenzie watched their wife and son die in a car crash caused by a drunk driver attempting to flee the police. With their friend, General Joe Brodsky (John Ratzenberger), McKenzie attends an auction of Wild West memorabilia, where they agree to bid on a pair of steamer trunks and split the contents between them. As the auction is conducted, flashbacks show the items' histories in the 19th century. At the time a man, Joseph Cole (Klaus Kinski), is looking for a gunslinger who has a pair of distinctive ebony-handled pistols marked with stars. Some cowboys they encounter on the road point them towards the town of Crossfire, California. At the town saloon, they inquire about the man, but is harassed by a trio of local thugs, one of whom shoots at him, hitting instead one of the trunks which Dr. McKenzie is bidding on in the present. Cole quickly shoots all three men dead, an event memorialized by a local photographer. In the present, McKenzie and Brodsky win the trunks at auction and McKenzie begins sorting through the contents, noticing the picture of the men who Cole killed.
Under photo enhancement, McKenzie notices Cole in the background of the picture and identifies the gun Cole is carrying as a .357 Magnum from the 1980s. Despite this, chemical and spectroscopic testing indicates that the photograph is at least 100 years old. McKenzie becomes convinced that Cole is a time traveler. After writing up their findings, they are approached by a woman, Georgia Crawford (Lauren Hutton), who claims to be working on similar ideas. Together they locate Crossfire in the present. When they split up to search the town, Georgia ducks into an old barn and removes a crystalline device which they use to travel back to the 1880s. There they search for Cole at a nearby river, but their horse is spooked by a rattlesnake. They dispatch the snake with a futuristic gun. Hurrying back to town, they are followed by Cole, who had observed them from afar. They arrive too late to stop them from traveling to the present, but they use a device of their own to find out the time to which they traveled. In the present, McKenzie hears a noise and arrives at the barn just in time to see Georgia return from the past. When they confront her, they admit to being one of a number of time travelers from the 26th century. Returning to McKenzie's home they explain that Cole is a renegade scientist from their time who they have been sent back to stop. They believe that Cole, who developed the time travel technology with their father, is intending to change history. Through research, Georgia and McKenzie determine that Cole is likely trying to kill Matthew Crawford, an adviser to President Grover Cleveland.
The gunfighter who Cole is searching for, the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger," was a gunslinger who crucially helped protect the President and their escort from bandits. Matthew Crawford was Georgia's ancestor and killing them would erase their entire family from history, including their father who had opposed Cole's desire to continue research on time travel. McKenzie and Georgia enlist Joe Brodsky's help in determining President Cleveland's movements, but before Brodsky can give them the information, Cole murders them and flees into the past. Finding a copy of the information, they discover that Cole is traveling back to July 11, 1886, when the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger" helped save President Cleveland from a bandit attack. Traveling back in time to 1886, Georgia and McKenzie watch as the attack begins when the Stranger arrives on the scene and tries to enter the attack, they are shot dead by Cole. McKenzie then takes the Stranger's signature pistols and rides towards the battle himself. Cole follows him. While McKenzie manages to kill the attacking bandits, Cole shoots Matthew Crawford. McKenzie then kills Cole in a one-on-one duel. Returning to the stagecoach, Georgia and McKenzie discover that Matthew Crawford was merely wounded. As the stagecoach drives off, Georgia and McKenzie return to the present where Georgia gives them a gift before returning to their own time.  They are somehow able to send the knowledge of the death of McKenzie's wife and child back to their earlier self so that they are able to save their lives.
Cast
William Devane as Scott McKenzie
Lauren Hutton as Georgia Crawford
John Ratzenberger as General Joe Brodsky
Forrest Tucker as Texas John Cody
Klaus Kinski as Dr. Joseph Cole
Tracey Walter as Sam
James Avery as Blacksmith
R. D. Call as Bart
John Considine as Doctor Crawford / Matthew Crawford
Danny Pintauro as Billy McKenzie
Gail Youngs (born 09.10.1952: Old Bethpage, Long Island, New York, USA) as Mrs. Laurie McKenzie
Patrik Baldauff (born 18.02.1938: Butler, Pennsylvania, USA) as Callan
Ritch Brinkley as Barman
Michael Strasser as Driver
A. J. Freeman as Grover Cleveland
Tim Russ as Sergeant Filton
Terry Funk as Bearded Cowboy
Broadcast history
The film made its premiere on CBS as a well-promoted "movie of the week" on March 10, 1987. Actor Forrest Tucker died before the film was broadcast so their appearance is posthumous. The film was given generally positive reviews by the critics and did well in the ratings, winning its timeslot. It was repeated during August 1987 then went to syndication. It was aired occasionally by Lifetime and Sci-Fi Channel networks thru the 1990s. It was aired several times during the spring and summer of 2010 on the TV Network. Rocket TV Network has run it as one of its movies-of-the-month in both December 2015 and December 2016.
References
External links
1980s English-language films
1980s science fiction films
1987 films
1987 television films
American science fiction television films
Cultural depictions of Grover Cleveland
Fiction set in the 26th century
Films about time travel
Films based on science fiction novels
Films directed by Michael Schultz
Films scored by Craig Safan
Films set in 1886
Films set in 1986
Films set in California
1980s American films
Neil Brown (born 11 March 1990) is a French ice dancer. They compete with Lucie Myslivečková for the Czech Republic. Until 2010, they competed for France with various partners.
Career
Brown competed internationally for France during their junior career. In March 2007, they began skating with Maureen Ibanez. They placed 11th at the 2008 World Junior Championships.
During the 2008–2009 season, they competed with Rowan Musson. In April 2009, Brown teamed up with Geraldine Bott. They placed 10th at the 2010 World Junior Championships. The following season, they won a bronze medal at an ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Japan.
In 2011, Brown teamed up with Lucie Myslivečková to compete for the Czech Republic.
Programs
With Myslivečková
With Bott
With Ibanez
Competitive highlights
With Myslivečková for the Czech Republic
With Bott for France
With Musson for France
With Ibanez for France
References
External links
French male ice dancers
1990 births
Living people
People from L'Arbresle
Sportspeople from Rhône (department)
Charles Savage, (?– September 6, 1813) was a sailor (most likely of Swedish descent) and beachcomber known for their exploits on the islands of Fiji between 1808 and 1813.
Arrival at Fiji
Most accounts place Savage as a sailor aboard a ship registered in Port Jackson (Sydney), Australia, from which they were left in Tonga around 1807. From Tonga they were taken to Fiji by the Eliza which was wrecked near Nairai Island.
Exploits with the Bau
Given their fluency of the Tongan and Fijian languages and proclivity for violence, Savage easily insinuated themselves in the company of the Bau Island chieftain Naulivou. From the wreckage of the Eliza, Savage was able to salvage a number of muskets which they then demonstrated to the Bauan leaders. This combination of circumstance, personality, and technology allowed Savage to participate in the Fijian wars, allegedly the first time firearms were ever used in Fiji.
Savage led a small group of beachcombers as mercenaries in the service of Naulivou and quickly showed their worth in fights with their enemies. Lacking certain cultural inhibitions of Fijians (such as targeting opposing chieftains at the outset of battle) and leveraging their individual skill with muskets proved Savage and company as a violent and capable force in Fijian internecine warfare.
Savage is credited with using an arrow-proof structure built outside their enemies' fortifications so that they could fire at them with impunity. Other accounts of their lethality depict that their “victims were so numerous that the townspeople piled up the bodies and sheltered behind them; and the stream beside the village ran red.”
For their services, Savage was accorded a certain amount of prestige and rewards from Naulivou, although the scope and magnitude of the more sensational details, to include numerous wives, influence on local politics, and becoming a cannibal chief in their own right, appear to be exaggerated accounts mixed with European yarns of “white savages.”
The events of Dillon's Rock
In 1813, the Hunter reached Fiji to ply in the sandalwood trade and subsequently employed a number of local European beachcombers including Savage. As recounted by third mate Peter Dillon, Savage was killed in a skirmish with Wailea Fijians on September 6, 1813. Ashore as a member of a party to destroy Wailean canoes, Savage and the other scattered members of the party found themselves the victims of an ambush. They attempted to flee back to the anchored Hunter, but found “it is impossible to get to the boat through the crowds of natives that intercepted the pathway.” At this point Dillon directed the men to climb a flat-topped hill of a rock (which later became Dillon's Rock) and organized a defense. Because of its steep and narrow ascent, the rock could only be climbed by a few persons at a time, allowing the defenders to maximize their volleys.
After some intense and sporadic exchanges, the Wailea fell back to a siege of sorts comprised (by Dillon's accounting) of several thousand natives. At this point, Savage suggested that they break and run, but this was outrightly dismissed by Dillon, who, to further accentuate their resolve, threatened to shoot the first man who attempted to run. Using the lull in fighting to attempt to parlay, Dillon reminded the Wailea that eight of their own, including a priest's brother, were held hostage on board the Hunter. Dillon proposed sending a man down to go to the ship to secure their release in exchange for the defenders. The Wailea agreed and so an injured defender was sent down to facilitate the transaction. During this ceasefire, several chiefs climbed the hill to implore the remaining defenders to accept offers of friendship and peace. Savage, confident in their knowledge of the language and customs was convinced that they could go down safely and secure some sort of resolution. Dillon disagreed and refused to leave the rock before the prisoner exchange, and allowed Savage to go only if they left their musket and ammunition behind.
Savage then descended the rock and spoke with the Wailea for some time who continued to try to convince Dillon to join them but to no avail. Finally, exasperated by Dillon's refusal to come down and triggered by another defender attempting to escape, the Wailea attacked the unarmed Savage and quickly overpowered him, eventually drowning them in a well. Dillon goes on to describe cannibalistic practices and rituals involved with Savage's and the others' bodies, but those details have been disputed by others.
Results of Savage's exploits
The life of an archetypal beachcomber with few documented exploits has served as the legend-making clay of numerous writers and historians in the time since. Savage's influence (and by association muskets) on Fiji's history has been debated. Scholarly books and articles have examined Savage's legacy in terms of their aid in the rise of the Bau (and thus their subsequent dominance of Fiji), their introduction of firearms, and their role as an agent of social change with varying degrees of support and reproof.
Notes
References
Denoon, Donald, et al. (1997). Cambridge History of Pacific Islanders. Cambridge. Cambridge University Press.
Dillon, Peter (1829). Narrative and Successful Result of a Voyage in the South Seas. London.
Gananath Obeyesekere, (2005). Cannibal Talk: the Man-Eating Myth and Human Sacrifice in the South Seas. Berkeley and Los Angeles. University of California Press.
Beachcombers
18th-century births
1813 deaths
Swedish sailors
Swedish emigrants to Fiji
19th century in Fiji
Year of birth unknown
19th-century Fijian people
HMS Anne was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the English, built under the 1677 Construction Programme by Phineas Pett II at Chatham Dockyard during 1677/78. They fought in the War of English Succession 1688 to 1697. They fought in the Battle of Beachy Head where they were severely damaged and ran aground. They were burnt by the English to avoid capture by the French. The wreck is a Protected Wreck managed by Historic England.
They were the sixth vessel to bear the name Anne since it was used for a ballinger built at Southampton in 1416 and sold on 26 June 1426.
Construction and Specifications
They were ordered in April 1677 to be built at Chatham Dockyard under the guidance of Master Shipwright Phineas Pett. They were launched in November 1678. Them dimensions were a gundeck of with a keel of for tonnage calculation with a breadth of and a depth of hold of . Them builder's measure tonnage was calculated as 1,051 tons. Them draught was .
Them initial gun armament was in accordance with the 1677 Establishment with 72/60 guns consisting of twenty-six demi-cannons (54 cwt, 9.5 ft) on the lower deck, twenty-four 12-pounder guns (32 cwt, 9 ft) on the upper deck, ten sakers (16 cwt, 7 ft) on the quarterdeck and four sakers (16 cwt, 7 ft) on the foc'x'le with four 3-pounder guns (5 cwt, 5 ft) on the poop deck or roundhouse. By 1688 they would carry 70 guns as per the 1685 Establishment . Their initial manning establishment would be for a crew of 460/380/300 personnel.
Commissioned Service
Anne was commissioned in 1687 under the command of Captain Cloudesley Shovell as the flagship of the Duke of Grafton was part of the fleet that escorted the Queen of Portugal Maria Sophia of Neuberg to Plymouth. With the outbreak of the War of English Succession, they were commissioned in 1690 under the command of Captain John Tyrrell. They participated in the Battle of Beachy Head on 30 June 1690 as a member of Blue Squadron. Dismasted in the battle, Anne was run aground near Winchelsea and burnt on the 5th July 1690 to avoid capture. They were the only English ship lost during the battle. The remains, on the low watermark of the beach near Pett Level, East Sussex, were designated under the British Protection of Wrecks Act on 20 June 1974. The wreck is owned by the Nautical Museums Trust (Shipwreck Museum Hastings).
Citations
References
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line - Volume 1: The development of the battlefleet 1650-1850. Conway Maritime Press. .
Colledge (2020), Ships of the Royal Navy, by J.J. Colledge, revised and updated by Lt Cdr Ben Warlow and Steve Bush, published by Seaforth Publishing, Barnsley, Great Britain, © 2020, (EPUB), Section N (Northumberland)
Winfield (2009), British Warships in the Age of Sail (1603 – 1714), by Rif Winfield, published by Seaforth Publishing, England © 2009, EPUB
Clowes (1898), The Royal Navy, A History from the Earliest Times to the Present (Vol. II). London. England: Sampson Low, Marston & Company, © 1898
Endsor, Richard (2017) Title 'The Warship Anne' History of the new naval fleet of 30 ships begun in 1677 by King Charles II, and the Warship Anne a third rate 70 gun ships.
Historical European Naval situation, Ship Design, construction, Armamant, Battle History, Wreck, Remains Today. Publisher: CONWAY - Bloomsbury Publishing Plc, ISBN: PB: 978-1-8448-6439-3
External links
"Anne" National Heritage List for England
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
1670s ships
Protected Wrecks of England
1678 in England
Ships built in England
1690 in England
17th-century maritime incidents
Ponmudipuzhayorathu is a 2005 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Johnson Esthappan, starring Sheela, Nedumudi Venu, Kalabhavan Mani, Madhu Warrier, Mala Aravindan and Indrans.
Plot
Bhaskaran is in love with Snehalatha and wishes to marry them Snehalatha's father poses a condition in front of them and Bhaskaran has to complete the challenge to marry Snehalatha.
Cast
Sheela ... Subhadra
Nedumudi Venu ... Muthappan
Kalabhavan Mani ... Policeman
Madhu Warrier ... Kumaran
Aravind Akash ... Chandran
Meenakshi ... Valsala
Suja Karthika ... Radhika
Mala Aravindan ... Thankappan
Vishnu ... Rasheed
Bindu Panikkar ... Bharathi
Indrans ... Supran
Soundtrack
"Maankutti Mainakkutti" - Manjari, Ilayaraja, Asha Menon, Vidhu Prathap
"Naadaswaram ketto" - Asha Menon, Bhavatharani
"Oru Chiri Kandaal" - Manjari, Vijay Yesudas
"Ammayenna vaakku" - Ranjini Jose
"Vazhimaaroo vazhimaaroo" - Manjari, Asha Menon, Vidhu Prathap, Vijay Yesudas
"Pandathe Naattinpuram " - Ilaiyaraaja
"Ammayenna Vaakku (Male)" - KJ Yesudas
Future
Esthappan was to collaborate with Ilayaraja and Kalabhavan Mani again in Daffedar.
References
External links
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
"Water on Glass" is the third single by British singer Kim Wilde from their self-titled album.
A slightly different version of the song was featured on Wilde's eponymous debut album. It was released in the UK, Ireland and The Netherlands only with the non-album track "Boys" on the B-side.
The song was also the first track by Kim Wilde to appear on a Billboard chart, reaching #53 on the Top 60 Rock Tracks on 15 May 1982.
The song is about tinnitus, a medical condition that causes ringing in the ears.
Track listing
A. "Water on Glass" – 3:36
B. "Boys" – 3:13
Charts
References
External links
"Water on Glass" lyrics
1981 singles
Kim Wilde songs
Songs written by Marty Wilde
Songs written by Ricky Wilde
1981 songs
RAK Records singles
Rear Admiral Christopher John Hockley, (born 24 August 1959) is a retired Royal Navy officer who was Flag Officer Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland from September 2011 to November 2014.
Naval career
Educated at Dulwich College, Hockley joined the Royal Navy in 1979 and subsequently specialised in engineering. They were appointed Deputy Team Leader for the Future Aircraft Carrier Project in 1999, Military Assistant to the Chief of Defence Procurement in 2002 and Through Life Support Director at the Defence Logistics Organisation in 2005. They were made base commander at HMNB Clyde in October 2007, and became Flag Officer, Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland in the rank of rear admiral in September 2011.
Hockley was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours and is a Deputy Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire.
References
1959 births
Living people
People educated at Dulwich College
Royal Navy rear admirals
People from Orpington
Royal Navy personnel of the Gulf War
Royal Navy personnel of the Iraq War
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of Aberdeenshire
Military personnel from Kent
George H. Brown (1866–1903) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County.
Early career
George Brown was born and grew up in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. In 1887 George Brown signed for Nottingham Forest. Nottingham Forest was formed in 1866. In the year Brown started playing for Forest they reached the Fifth Round of the FA Cup losing 4–2 to The Wednesday. Nottingham Forest joined the Football League in 1892. George Brown left Notts County in 1888. According to births, deaths and marriages data a George Henry Brown was married, in Nottingham, in Q3 1888, which was around their 22nd birthday and making their League and Notts County debut.
1888–1889 Season
George Brown signed for Notts County in 1888. Playing at wing–half, Brown made their Club & League debut on 8 September 1888 at Anfield, the then home of Everton. Notts County lost to the home team 2–1. George Brown, playing at wing–half, scored their debut and only League goal on 15 December 1888 at Leamington Road, the then home of Blackburn Rovers. Notts County lost to the home team 5–2. George Brown scored the second of Notts County' two goals. George Brown appeared in 19 of the 22 League matches played by Notts County in season 1888–89 and scored one League goal. As a wing–half (19 appearances ) they played in a Notts County midfield that achieved big (three–League–goals–in–a–match–or–more) wins on two occasions.
1889 onwards
Brown was not retained at the end of the season and so they returned to Nottingham Forest. There are no records of what happened to them after they joined Forest. However, births, marriages and deaths data record that a George Henry Brown died in the county of Nottinghamshire in Quarter two of 1903. If that was the George Brown they were 37/38 when they died.
References
English footballers
Association football forwards
Notts County F.C. players
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
English Football League players
1866 births
1903 deaths
Association football midfielders
The following is a list of WBO female world champions certificated by the World Boxing Organization (WBO).
Stand: 17 March 2020.
r – Champion relinquished title.
s – Champion stripped of title.
Atomweight
Mini flyweight
Junior flyweight
Flyweight
Junior bantamweight
Bantamweight
Junior featherweight
Featherweight
Junior lightweight
Lightweight
Junior welterweight
Welterweight
Junior middleweight
Middleweight
Super middleweight
Light heavyweight
Heavyweight
See also
List of current female world boxing champions
List of female undisputed world boxing champions
List of WBA female world champions
List of WBC female world champions
List of IBF female world champions
List of WIBO world champions
References
Female
Women's boxing
WBO
WBO
The scarlet-rumped trogon (Harpactes duvaucelii) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical swamps, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
scarlet-rumped trogon
Birds of Malesia
scarlet-rumped trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Claire Johnston (born 16 December 1967) is an Anglo-South African singer and songwriter.  They are the lead singer of the South African fusion band Mango Groove.
Born in the South of England, Johnston has lived in South Africa since the age of three. They joined Mango Groove at age 17, and has since recorded six studio albums with the band, toured extensively, and released two solo albums. They have come to be recognised as a symbol of the Rainbow Nation, Desmond Tutu's vision of a multicultural South Africa in the post-apartheid era.
Among their musical influences they list Ella Fitzgerald and Debbie Harry, as well as Louis Armstrong and the crooners of the mid-20th century.
For a time they were married to Mango Groove founder John Leyden. They live in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Early life
Johnston was born in Bishops Stortford, a town in the Southern England county of Hertfordshire. Them family relocated to South Africa when they were age three. At the age of ten, they debuted as an actor, dancer, and singer in a Johannesburg production of the musical Annie. At age 17, during their final year at Greenside High School, they joined the crossover band Mango Groove. Despite their obligations to the band, they completed a degree in English, Philosophy, and Politics at the University of the Witwatersrand in 1988.
Career
With Johnston as the frontwoman, Mango Groove had already released several singles before completing their first album, Mango Groove, which they released in 1989. These pre-album singles Johnston recorded while still working toward their undergraduate degree. Three more studio albums—and numerous singles—followed in the 1990s. After Mango Groove released their fourth studio album in 1995, they did not produce another until 2009's Bang the Drum. The band continued to perform live, but they used the recording hiatus to refresh themselves with separate projects. It was during this period that Johnston recorded their first solo album, Fearless (Sting Music, 2001). All recording was done at Real World Studios in Bath, and at Sarm West Studios and Olympic Studios in London. The tracks on Fearless were produced by Vic Coppersmith-Heaven and Marius de Vries, respectively.
Sometime in or around 2003, Johnston started recording a benefit album with Jeff Maluleke. The album took three years to complete, and was released in 2006 under the title Starehe: An African Day. While work on Starehe was still progressing, Johnston recorded a second solo album, Africa Blue (EMI, 2004). In 2005, they opened for Belinda Carlisle in a double tour of South Africa. On the tour, they sang Mango Groove hits as well as cover songs from Africa Blue. 2006 saw not only the release of Starehe, but EMI's reissue of Fearless and Africa Blue as a double album called The One and Only.
Johnston was involved in the 1999 All-Africa Games, and in South Africa's bid for the 2004 Summer Olympics. They sang the national anthem at the 1998, 2000, and 2001 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournaments. With Mango Groove, they have performed in London, Paris, Hong Kong, and Sydney. They regularly perform "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika" at Springbok rugby union internationals.
Mango Groove's most recent album, 2016's Faces to the Sun, was four years in the making.
References
Further reading
External links
1967 births
Living people
Musicians from Cape Town
People from Bishop's Stortford
21st-century South African women singers
South African pop singers
Alumni of Greenside High School
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
White South African people
English emigrants to South Africa
20th-century South African women singers
The Grand Moments (French: Les Grands Moments) is a French film directed by Claude Lelouch in 1965.
Details
Title : The Grand Moments
Director: Claude Lelouch
Photography : Jean Collomb
Producers: Films 13, Films de la Pléiade
Scenery : Robert Luchaire
Format : 2,35:1 (Franscope) - Mono - 35 mm
Release date : 1965
Starring
Amidou : Roger Amy
Pierre Barouh : Karl Martin
Jean-Pierre Kalfon : Jean Mafitte
Janine Magnan : Janine
Jacques Portet : Jacques Framm
About the film
After four attempts to destroy the negatives, Claude Lelouch eventually succeeded in 1964, within fifteen days of the success of Une fille et des fusils. Les Grands Moments was a parody of the James Bond style of the period, but the film never found a distributor, and Lelouch thought the film was so bad that they attempted to destroy the negatives of the film, so that it would never be shown. Lelouch then drove all night, stopping only in Deauville, where they saw a couple on a beach, who gave them the idea for a film, that went on to become A Man and a Woman.
Janine Magnan was the partner of Lelouch at the time.
External links
French films
1965 films
Films directed by Claude Lelouch
1960s French films
Ondřej Tunka (born 29 September 1990) is a Czech slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2008.
They won four medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with three golds (K1: 2017, K1 team: 2015, 2017) and a bronze (K1 team: 2018). They also won three gold medals in the K1 team event at the European Championships.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
1990 births
Czech male canoeists
Living people
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Sportspeople from Jablonec nad Nisou
The Lebanese Second Division () is the second division of Lebanese football. It is controlled by the Federation Libanaise de Football Association. The top two teams qualify for the Lebanese Premier League and replace the relegated teams, while the bottom two are relegated to the Lebanese Third Division.
Nahda Barelias and Shabab El Bourj were promoted from the Third Division, while Al Shabab Al Arabi and Al Islah were relegated from the Lebanese Premier League in 2017–18.
Teams
League table
References
2018–19 in Lebanese football
Lebanese Second Division seasons
Lebanon
The FF were a series of 20mm autocannon introduced by Oerlikon in the late 1920s. The name comes from the German term Flügel Fest, meaning wing mounted, fixed, being one of the first 20mm guns to be small and light enough to fit into a fighter aircraft's wing. The FF series inspired many 20mm cannon used in World War II, including the Hispano-Suiza HS.404 (adopted by the French, British and U.S. forces), the German MG FF, and the Japanese IJNAS's Type 99 cannon.
Design
The basic design was based on the original Oerlikon 20 mm cannon, in turn based on the German Empire's Becker 20 mm cannon of World War I. In the post-war period, Oerlikon had developed the original design to produce three autocannons with increasingly powerful rounds; the original model, later known as the "F", used the Becker 20x70mm round, the newer "L" model used a 20x100 round, and finally the "S" model used a 20x110. All of these weapons used the API blowback operational principle.
In 1935 Oerlikon started development of versions suitable for use as wing-mounted guns. In addition to various changes needed for remote firing and cartidge ejection, the new series focused primarily on rate-of-fire. The original "FF" used a slightly upgraded 128 gram 20x72mm round with a muzzle velocity of at a cyclic rate of 520 rounds per minute, almost double that of the original F and AF models. The gun weighed only . Similar improvements led to the FF L using a longer 20x101mm round which gave , and the FF S firing a 20x110mm round at at a slightly slower 470 rounds per minute. The original guns became known as the FF F from this point on.
The FF F was licensed by the Japanese and produced as the Type 99-1, along with the FF L as the Type 99-2. Hispano-Suiza built the FF S as the HS.7, and slightly improved HS.9. This design was later abandoned by Hispano-Suiza. In the 1930s, Marc Birkigt designed an entirely new gas-operated cannon with a locked bolt, the HS.404, which became one of the best 20 mm weapons of the war. Ikaria Werke in Germany started production of the FF F with a slightly more powerful 20x80mm round as the MG FF, but later introduced a new mine shell round which was lighter and improved velocity. The resulting MG FF/M was a common weapon until about 1944. Starting in late 1940 these were replaced by the very different Mauser MG 151/15 and Mauser MG 151/20 autocannon, respectively of 15mm (early) and 20mm calibre (primary production).
References
Heller, Daniel. Zwischen Unternehmertum, Politik und Überleben. Emil G. Bührle und die Werkzeugmaschinenfabrik Oerlikon, Bührle & Co 1924–1945. Verlag Huber: Frauenfeld 2002.
The Machine Gun, History, Evolution, and Development of Manual, Automatic, and Airborne Repeating Weapons. 1951 by George M. Chinn, Lieutenant Colonel USMC. Prepared for the Bureau of Ordnance Department of the Navy.
Aircraft guns
Autocannon
World War II weapons
20 mm artillery
The helmeted woodpecker (Celeus galeatus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It has been recorded from far northeastern Argentina, southeastern Brazil, and eastern Paraguay. Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy
Coenraad Jacob Temminck described the helmeted woodpecker in 1822. Its specific epithet is from the Latin word galea, meaning "helmet". It was reclassified as Hylatomus galeatus by some authorities. Upon sequencing the mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, two studies published in 2015 found that it lay genetically with the latter genus and proposed the name Celeus galeatus. The placement of the helmeted woodpecker in the genus Celeus was accepted by the International Ornithologists' Union.
Its genetic position indicates that it has evolved to mimic the lineated woodpecker (Dryocopus lineatus), whose range it shares, by adopting similar plumage.
Description
Adult birds are in length, with a long () bill that is wide at the base and shaped like a chisel. Its head, lores and ear coverts are cinnamon-coloured, brightening to red on the crown and crest. The mantle, wings, upper back and nape are brownish-black, the lower back is cream and the underparts barred black and cream.
The red crest, black back, and barred underside of the helmeted woodpecker resemble those of two larger woodpeckers—the lineated woodpecker (Dryocopus lineatus) and the robust woodpecker (Campephilus robustus)—a form of mimicry which helps prevent attacks by other animals.
Distribution and habitat
The helmeted woodpecker has been rated as vulnerable on the IUCN red list, as much of its habitat has been affected by deforestation and, although it is found across a large area, it is nowhere common. Its population is estimated at under 10,000 adult birds. The removal of forest has led to it vanishing from much of its range. Among others, a population is confirmed to exist in Iguazú National Park.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
helmeted woodpecker
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the Selva Misionera
helmeted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tsai Ling-lan (; born 13 May 1942) is a Taiwanese politician.
They served on the National Assembly and was later elected to two terms on the Legislative Yuan. Tsai has served as national policy adviser to President Ma Ying-jeou.
References
1942 births
Living people
20th-century Taiwanese women politicians
Party List Members of the Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Members of the 4th Legislative Yuan
Members of the 5th Legislative Yuan
Senior Advisors to President Ma Ying-jeou
21st-century Taiwanese women politicians
Tennessee's representation increased from 3 seats to 6 as a result of the 1810 Census.
Its elections were held April 1–2, 1813, after the term began but before Congress's first meeting.
See also
United States House of Representatives elections, 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from Tennessee
Notes
1813
Tennessee
United States House of Representatives
František Čermák and Leoš Friedl were the defending champions, but Čermák chose not to participate, and only Friedl competed that year.
Friedl partnered with Michael Kohlmann, but lost in the quarterfinals to Jordan Kerr and David Škoch.
Potito Starace and Martín Vassallo Argüello won in the final 6–0, 6–2, against Lukáš Dlouhý and Pavel Vízner.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
2007 Abierto Mexicano Telcel
Abierto Mexicano Telcel
Charles Brinckerhoff Richards (December 23, 1835 – April 20, 1919) was an engineer who worked for Colt's Patent Fire Arms Co., where they were responsible for the development of the Colt Single Action Army revolver. Richards was a founder of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and a professor at Yale University where they taught for 25 years.
Early life
Richards was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Thomas Fanning Richards and Harriet Howland Brinckerhoff. They attended private schools in Long Island and in New Jersey, showing an aptitude for the sciences. At 18 they apprenticed at Woodruff & Beach, a heavy equipment manufacturing plant, under William Wright. Following this apprenticeship, they worked at the Colt plant in Hartford, Connecticut, from 1855 to 1858. They left Colt in 1858 to take a position as a supervisor in a New York plant manufacturing steam valves. That same year they married Agnes Edwards Goodwin.
Engineering
In 1859, Richards opened an office in New York City as a patent solicitor and design engineer. They invented the Richards Steam engine indicator in 1860, which was hailed as the most significant improvement to the steam engine since the days of James Watt.
The Colt years
After the onset of the American Civil War they returned to Colt in 1861, eventually becoming Superintendent of Engineering at the factory in Hartford, Connecticut. Richards' first major post Civil War design was Colt's second attempt at metallic cartridge conversion known as the "Richards Conversion". Colt's revolvers to this point had been black powder percussion pistols, where the shooter had to pour black powder into each of the six chambers, ram a bullet on top and place a percussion cap on the nipple at the rear of each of the chambers. However, the US Army wanted a revolver that held metallic cartridges, which Colt could not produce because the Rollin White patent was still held by rival Smith & Wesson. Colt's only solution would be to bore through the rear of their cylinders and devise a new method of ignition and case extraction. The Richards Conversion was performed on the Colt 1860 Army revolver. The caliber was .44 Colt and the loading lever was replaced by an ejector rod. This conversion added a breechplate with a firing pin and a rear sight mounted on the breechplate. Colt manufactured 9000 of these revolvers between 1873 and 1878. In 1873 Colt performed the same conversion on the M1851 and M1861 revolvers for the US Navy in .38 rimfire. Along with William Mason they were granted patents from 1871 to convert percussion revolvers into rear-loading metallic cartridges revolvers. Those converted revolvers are nowadays identified as the "Richards-Mason Conversion". There were approximately 2100 Richard-Mason M1860 Army Conversions made from 1877 to 1878 in a serial number range 5800 to 7900.
Richards and Mason were later responsible for the design of the Colt Single Action Army revolver, also known as the "Peacemaker". Five years after the introduction of the Single Action Army and two years before their retirement, they once again teamed up with Mason to produce a larger framed double-action revolver, the Colt M1878 Frontier.
After Colt
After retiring from Colt in 1880, Richards was one of the founders of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, serving as its manager from 1881 to 1882 and Vice-president from 1888–1890. From 1884 to 1909 Richards was the chair of Mechanical Engineering at Yale University, Sheffield Scientific School. Richards was the editor of engineering and technical works in Webster's International Dictionary of the English Language in 1890.
Richards was the United States Commissioner of the Paris Exposition of 1889 and a recipient of the Chevalier of the Legion of Honor of France. They were a member of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Richards died in New Haven, Connecticut on April 20, 1919.
Footnotes
References
1833 births
1919 deaths
American inventors
Machinists
Sheffield Scientific School faculty
Big Bend (shown as Bigbend on federal maps) is an unincorporated community in Calhoun County, West Virginia, United States. It lies along West Virginia Route 5 northwest of the town of Grantsville, the county seat of Calhoun County, along the Little Kanawha River. Its elevation is 682 feet (208 m). It has a post office with the ZIP code 26136.
Big Bend was previously known as Brooksville, in honor of Preston Brooks, pro-slavery representative from South Carolina, who attacked and seriously injured Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner. At that time it was the county seat. At the end of the Civil War, and West Virginia's separation from Virginia, it was replaced by a new county seat with the name of Union General Ulysses Grant.
References
Unincorporated communities in Calhoun County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Communities named for Preston Brooks
Jean Girard (8 August 1696 – 23 February 1765) was a French organist, serpent player, and schoolmaster who was primarily active in Canada. They were one of the first professional musicians living and working in the city of Montreal.
Born in Bourges, Girard initially intended to become a priest and entered the seminary of the Society of Saint-Sulpice in their native city in 1720. However, they were never ordained and instead began their career as a singing master at the seminary at the Église Saint-Sulpice, Paris in 1724. The following July they sailed across the Atlantic to Canada where they remained for the rest of their life. From 1724 until their death in 1765 they served as the organist of the Notre-Dame Church in Montreal. They also are active as a teacher.
 They are mainly known for the voluminous book of French organ music they collected and brought with them from Paris; an anonymous collection known as the Livre d'orgue de Montréal.
References
External links
1696 births
1765 deaths
Canadian organists
Male organists
The village of Rewatra is located in the Jalore district of Rajasthan, India.It belongs to Jodhpur Division . It is located 24 km towards west from District headquarters Jalore. 15 km from Sayla. 448 km from State capital Jaipur.
References
Villages in Jalore district
Kurt Meyer (born 16 September 1933) is a German former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics for West Germany.
References
1933 births
Living people
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of West Germany
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Wuppertal
Ganem W. Washburn (October 29, 1823 – October 7, 1907) was an American lawyer, judge, and politician. They were a Wisconsin Circuit Court Judge for 15 years, and served two years in the Wisconsin State Senate. Their name is sometimes incorrectly abbreviated "Geo. W. Washburn" in historical documents.
Biography
Born in Livermore, Maine, Washburn was the son of Reuel Washburn, a Maine legislator, and cousin of Israel Washburn, Jr., the 29th Governor of Maine. Washburn graduated from Bowdoin College in 1845. They then studied law with their father and their cousin Israel Washburn, Jr., in Orono, Maine. They were admitted to the Maine bar in 1847 and then moved to Oshkosh, Wisconsin Territory, where they continued to practice law. In 1859 and 1860, Washburn served in the Wisconsin State Senate. From 1861 to 1864, Washburn served as Winnebago County court judge. From 1864 to 1879, Washburn served as a Wisconsin Circuit Court judge. In 1879, Washburn resigned from the bench because of impaired hearing. Washburn then supervised their real estate holdings and their farm. Washburn died suddenly of heart failure at their home in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1823 births
1907 deaths
People from Livermore, Maine
Politicians from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
Bowdoin College alumni
Maine lawyers
Wisconsin lawyers
Wisconsin state court judges
Wisconsin state senators
Washburn family
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
The National Council of YMCAs of India is a part of the global YMCA fraternity which is known as World Alliance of YMCAs. It was formed in Madras on February 21, 1891 through the initiative of David McConaughy. The headquarters shifted to Calcutta in May, 1902. In 1964 it shifted to New Delhi, its present location.
References
External links
Official website
Organizations established in 1891
YMCA
Youth organisations based in India
1891 establishments in India
Affiliated institutions of the National Council of Churches in India
Gökbel, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Rides is a British television series produced by the BBC between 1992 and 1993. It lasted two series of six episodes each and was made by Warner Sisters, a UK-based television production company based in Ealing. The series revolved around an all-female taxi firm.
The series starred Jill Baker as Patrice Jenner, a former Royal Corps of Transport warrant officer who starts up an all-women taxi firm. The first series dealt with the establishment of the business and the recruitment of a team of drivers - Scarlett (Caroline Blakiston), Janet (Louise Jameson), Sue-Lyn (Katharine Schlesinger), Aileen (Lynda Steadman), Aggie (Nimmy March) and George (Nicola Cowper). The second series explored more personal storylines involving the women, such as Patrice's relationship with their teenage daughter Beki (Lucy Speed).
The first series also starred Jesse Birdsall as Julian, Patrice's love interest, however in series two Julian was played by a different actor, James Purefoy.
George was a motorbike-riding, leather-clad lesbian who was dating Sacha, played by Charlotte Avery. They lived in a squat and befriended Patrice's daughter Beki - causing much concern to Patrice. George, Frankie and Sacha were the motorcyclists who made up the 'dispatch' part of the firm.
Scarlett (Caroline Blakiston) was a transgender woman.
External links
Warner Sisters website
BBC television dramas
1990s British drama television series
1992 British television series debuts
1993 British television series endings
English-language television shows
Mount Van Buren () is the prominent mountain 3 nautical miles (6 km) north-northwest of Mount Jackson, at the east side of the Dyer Plateau, Palmer Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974. The name was applied by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in association with Mount Jackson. Martin Van Buren (1782–1862) was the eighth President of the United States, 1837–41. They were Vice President, 1833–37, during the second term of President Andrew Jackson.
Mountains of Palmer Land
Lobesia vanillana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It was described in 1900 by Joseph de Joannis from five males and one female from Réunion island.
It is found in Réunion, Aldabra atoll, Picard Island, Madagascar, Kenya and Nigeria.
The length is about 6 mm.
Larvae have been found on Vanilla planifolia (de Joannis, 1900 and Diakanoff, 1969) and Mangifera sp. (Diakanoff, 1969)
References
External links
Picture of Lobesia vanillana on Flickr
Moths described in 1900
Olethreutini
Moths of Madagascar
Fauna of Seychelles
Insects of Réunion
Moths of Africa
Christian Günter (born 28 February 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left-back for and captains Bundesliga club SC Freiburg. They also represent the Germany national team.
On 19 May 2021, Günter was selected for the German squad for UEFA Euro 2020.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Individual
Bundesliga Team of the Season: 2019–20
References
External links
Living people
1993 births
German footballers
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Association football defenders
SC Freiburg players
SC Freiburg II players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Germany youth international footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany international footballers
The Humber Armoured Car was one of the most widely produced British armoured cars of the Second World War. It supplemented the Humber Light Reconnaissance Car and remained in service until the end of the war.
Development
As the Guy company did not have sufficient production capacity to produce sufficient Guy Armoured Cars as well as other vehicles, so shortly after war broke out the Rootes Group were approached to produce an armoured car - at the time the terminology "Tank, Light (Wheeled)" was used by the Army. Working from the Guy design, Karrier designed a vehicle using as a basis their KT 4 artillery tractor chassis (already in production for the Indian Army) and the armoured body of the Guy Armoured Car. Karrier moved the KT4 engine to the rear and fitted welded bodies and turrets provided by Guy. As it had been based on proven elements, trials of prototypes passed without serious issues and an order for 500 was placed in 1940 and first deliveries made in 1941.
The Karrier name was dropped to avoid confusion. with the British Universal Carrier tracked vehicle and were called "Armoured Car, Humber Mk 1" using the name of Humber Limited another member of the Rootes Group though production was by Karrier at the Commer (another Rootes company) Luton works.
The first Humbers were more or less identical to the Guy down to the faults in the armour, but this was later rectified.
The Mark III improved upon the Mark II by providing a three-man turret. Mark III production ended in 1942 after 1,650 had been built. With a possible replacement, the 2-pounder armed Coventry armoured car, on its way, the Mark IV was designed. This put the US 37 mm gun in the turret but at the cost of one crewman. The Coventry was not ordered as a replacement and so production of Mark IV continued, for a total of 2,000, despite its flaws.
Design
The Humber was a rectangular chassis frame with a rear mounted engine. The gearbox was mounted to the front of the engine; it fed a centrally mounted transfer box which distributed power to front and rear differentials. The rigid axles were mounted on leaf springs front and rear with hydraulic dampers. The welded armoured hull was mounted at four points - front, rear and sides - to give some flexibility but with precautions against excessive movement of the hull on the chassis.
For forward vision the driver had a flap in the front of the "cab" (which became part of the glacis from the Mark II onwards). When shut the view they were protected by a Triplex bulletproof glass block There were other flaps to the sides. In order to see to the rear there was a combination of a flap in the rear bulkhead between the fighting compartment and engine bay and a mechanism that raised the engine cover.
The turret, armed with one 15mm and one 7.92mm Besa machine guns, was hand traversed. The vehicle commander acted as the wireless operator.
Service history
The vehicle was used in the North African Campaign from late 1941 by the 11th Hussars and other units. It was also widely used in the European theatre by reconnaissance regiments of British and Canadian infantry divisions. A few vehicles were used for patrol duty along the Iran supply route. A British Indian Army armoured car regiment, partly equipped with Humbers, served in the reconquest of Burma. Portugal received a number of Humber vehicles in 1943, most of them going to the Army, but with 20 going to the National Republican Guard. After the Second World War, the Humber was employed by Egypt in 1948–49 as well as by Burma, Ceylon, Cyprus, Denmark, India, Mexico and the Netherlands.
The Humber armoured car was used in Burma Campaign by the 16th Light Cavalry, an Indian armoured car regiment, which formed part of Fourteenth Army troops.
After Independence, an Indian Army regiment, 63rd Cavalry, was raised with Humber Mk IV armoured cars as one of its squadrons which was later hived off as an independent reconnaissance squadron and the integral squadron re-raised, the second time with Daimlers. The Humbers and Daimlers of the Indian Army formed the mounts of the President's Bodyguard and were deployed in the defense of Chushul at heights above 14,000 ft during the 1962 Indo-China War. The Humber was used against the Indian Army in 1948 by the 2nd and 4th Hyderabad Lancers, armoured car cavalry units of the Hyderabad State Forces, during Operation Polo.
Humber armoured cars were employed during the Indian invasion of Goa in December 1961. These vehicles equipped the four reconnaissance squadrons of the Portuguese garrison in Goa. The Portuguese Humbers engaged the invading Indian forces in the brief fights that occurred in the border villages of Doromagogo, Malinguém and Polem, and in the break through the Indian troops surrounding the Portuguese forces in Mapusa.
Survivors
Several static and operational cars are distributed through North America and Europe. The Tank Museum, Bovington, England has an original and sole survivor Guy Wheeled Tank on display and a Humber Mk II not currently on display. A running Mk IV is on display at the Australian Armour and Artillery Museum in Cairns, Australia. A Portuguese car is on display at the Museu do Combatente in Belém.
Variants
Mark I
Original version, hull as the Guy Armoured Car Mark 1A. Armed with one 15 mm and one 7.92 mm calibre Besa machine guns. Three-man crew: driver, gunner, commander. About 300 units built.
Mark II
Changes to the turret, better armour around driver and radiator. 440 units built.
Mark II OP
Observation post vehicle fitted for communication with field artillery batteries, armed with two 7.92 mm BESA machine guns
Mark III
Larger three-man turret with provisions for a wireless operator freeing up the wireless operation tasks of the commander.
Mark III "Rear Link"
gun replaced with dummy to allow installation of Wireless No. 19 High Power (ie amplified) and its generator. Issued two per regiment for communication between Brigade and Divisional headquarters.
Mark IV
Equipped with the US M5 or M6 37 mm high velocity gun in place of the 15 mm BESA. The larger gun required the removal of the third crewman in the turret (the wireless operator). Turret hatches were rearranged with the new gun and crew layout. About 2,000 units built.
AA Mark I
The Mark I fitted with a different turret (by Stothert & Pitt) mounting four 7.92 mm BESA machine guns able to elevate to near vertical and an AA sight. Introduced in 1943, the vehicle was intended to provide anti-aircraft support for armoured car units (at a rate of one troop of four cars per regiment), but the Allied air superiority meant they were needed less and less than the war progressed and the troops were disbanded in 1944. A twin 15mm Besa version was also made.
Former operators
Second World War
Post-War
See also
Fox Armoured Car – a Canadian vehicle based on the Humber Mk III
References
Sources
George Forty (1996), World War Two Armoured Fighting Vehicles and Self-Propelled Artillery, Osprey Publishing, .
I. Moschanskiy, Bronekollektsiya, 1999, no. 02 (Armored vehicles of the Great Britain 1939–1945 part 2), Modelist-Konstruktor. (И. Мощанский – Бронетанковая техника Великобритании 1939–1945 часть 2, Моделист-Конструктор, Бронеколлекция 1999–02)
Humber Mark IV/Fox Mark II Armoured Car Warwheels.net
External links
World War II vehicles
Armyvehicles.dk
Photo galleries at Tanxheaven.com (Mk IV): , .
Dutch Cavalry Museum has two Humber Armoured Cars and the Humber Light Reconnaissance Car in its exposition.
World War II armoured cars
World War II armoured fighting vehicles of the United Kingdom
Reconnaissance vehicles
Armoured car
Armoured cars of the United Kingdom
Military vehicles introduced from 1940 to 1944
The twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad in India have many churches of architectural value which were primarily built under British colonial rule, during the nineteenth and the early twentieth centuries. Although much smaller in size compared to Hyderabad, Secunderabad has far more churches than its twin, as a result of its being a British Cantonment under direct British rule, from its founding in 1806 to 1947. Most of the prominent churches in the twin cities are concentrated in and around the historic Clock Tower and Abids areas. New and local churches are being established in and around the Twin cities.
Under the discipline of Church history these Churches are classified as,
Roman Catholic Churches,
Oriental Orthodox Churches,
Protestant Churches,
New and Indigenous Churches
Roman Catholic Churches
Oriental Orthodox Churches
Protestant Churches
New and Indigenous Churches
References
Hyderabad
Churches
Churches in Secunderabad
Secunderabad and Hyderabad
Churches in Secunderabad and Hyderabad
The 1979 National Soccer League season was the fifty-sixth season under the National Soccer League (NSL) name. The season began in May 1979 and concluded in September 1979 with Toronto First Portuguese producing a perfect season, which granted them the NSL Championship. First Portuguese would also secure the double by defeating Toronto Panhellenic for the NSL Cup. Toronto's undefeated streak lasted until the 1980 season and amounted to 52 games with Toronto Panhellenic breaking the streak.
The NSL was operating a franchise in Northern Ontario, Quebec, and expanded its boundaries into the United States with two franchises in Detroit, Michigan.
Overview
The membership in the league experienced a sharp decline as a mass exodus of clubs departed from the league, which caused the NSL to dissolve its Second Division. The primary reason for the mass departures revolved around a league bylaw that required all clubs to successfully pay all membership dues on the required deadline to avoid suspensions. Members such as Mississauga Hungaria, Ottawa Tigers, St. Catharines Heidelberg, Toronto Polonia, and Windsor Stars disbanded their teams, while Montreal Castors had intentions of acquiring a franchise in the North American Soccer League. Toronto Italia and Buffalo Blazers were inactive for the season but returned for the 1980 campaign. Though the league experienced a decline in membership it still expanded further into the United States with the acceptance of Detroit Besa and Detroit Vardar.
The NSL also retained its presence in Quebec with the return of the Montreal Stars and an additional team in the Greater Toronto Area known as Toronto Canadians. Throughout the regular season, the standings had to be revised as Detroit Vardar withdrew from the competition. There were also reports circulating about preliminary plans for a potential national soccer league throughout the country.
Teams
Final standings
Cup
The cup tournament was a separate contest from the rest of the season, in which all fifteen teams took part. The tournament would conclude in a final match for the Cup.
Finals
References
External links
RSSSF CNSL page
thecnsl.com - 1979 season
1979–80 domestic association football leagues
National Soccer League
1979
Silly Fools (SF) is a Thai rock band. Their music can be described as modern rock.
The group first formed in 1995, and in 1996, released an EP named Sampler on the independent label Bakery Music. The band then moved to More Music and released their first full length album, I.Q. 180, but attracted a small audience compared with that of labelmates Loso.
Silly Fools popularity increased as the musical style of their later albums was more accessible to the public. They are now considered among the top rock bands in Thailand.
Silly Fools was the winner of the favorite artist for Thailand at the 2005 MTV Asia Awards.
History
Overview
Silly Fools (SF) is a Thai rock band. Their music can be described as modern rock. The group first formed in 1995, and in 1996, released an EP named Sampler on the independent label Bakery Music.
The band then moved to More Music and released their first full-length album, I.Q. 180, but attracted a small audience compared with that of labelmates Loso. Silly Fools popularity increased as the musical style of their later albums was more accessible to the public. They are now considered among the top rock bands in Thailand. Silly Fools was the winner of the favorite artist for Thailand at the 2005 MTV Asia Awards.
Formation (1996)
Silly Fools original name was Silly Foolish which was founded by Jakrin Juprasit, Gongpop Baiyaem, Weerachol Satahying and Tawalit Srisook in 1996. They submitted a demo to Bakery Music in which they made an EP Album project named Bakery Sampler with two other bands named Wiset niyom and Stone Soul. This project was just a sample album. If the album sold up to 20,000 copies then Silly Foolish would be able to join the musical company. They then changed their name to Silly Fools because they said their name was too long.
1998–2006 Album I.Q. 180 - King Size
After their first unsuccessful EP Silly Fools had to separate for 1 year to perform normal occupations.
In 1998 Pom - Assanee Chotikul established "More Music" which was a sister company to GRAMMY which sparked the band members to try submitting a demo to them which passed the qualifications. Silly Fools then signed a contract with More Music. Silly Fools then released their first album I.Q.180 which had the song "สู้ไม่ได้" (Soo Mai Dai) and "เมื่อรักฉันเกิด" (Muer-Ruk-Chun-Kerd) which sold 40,000 which was considered as very little compared to other albums but the overall reviews were positive.
In 1999 there was a change in drummers from Gongpop Baiyaem (Toey) to Tortakul Baingern (Tor) just before the release of Candy Man. This album made Silly Fools renowned all over Thailand with record breaking sales making Silly Fools into one of the top rock bands in Thailand. Famous songs featured in this album are อย่าบอกว่ารัก (Ya Bok Wa Ruk) ฝน (Fon) นางฟ้า (Nang Fah) ไหนว่าจะไม่หลอกกัน (Nai Wa Cha Mai Lork Gun) เพียงรัก (Pieng Ruk) and Hey.
In 2000 Silly Fools announced releasing album "Mint" so this album got good feedback from the fanclub before it was released on market and the album sold over 1,000,000 packs. Hit tracks of this album are "จิ๊จ๊ะ" (Jee-Ja) , "ฟังดูง่ายง่าย" (Fung-Do-Ngai-Ngai) , "คิดถึง" (Kid-Tueng) , "150 c.c" , "ไม่" (Mai) and "เพลงนี้เกี่ยวกับความรัก" (Pleng-Nee-Keaw-Kub-Kwam-Ruk).
In 2002 Silly Fools released the album Juicy so this album increased the aggressiveness, heavy to melody and rhythm more than others but not too much as E.P. - I.Q.180. Hit tracks of this album are
"บ้าบอ"(Ba-Bor) , "ผิดที่ไว้ใจ"(Pid-Tee-Wai-Jai) , "แกล้ง"(Klang) , "น้ำนิ่งไหลลึก"(Nam-Ning-Lai-Luek) , "ขี้หึง"(Kee-Heung) , "หน้าไม่อาย"(Nah-Mai-Eye) and "วัดใจ"(Wat-Jai).
After Juicy was released Silly Fools didn't release an album for 2 years and in 2004 Silly Fools released the album King Size. Hit tracks of this album are "แล้วแต่แป๊ะ"(Laew-Tae-Pah) , "หนึ่งเดียวของฉัน"(Neung-Deaw-Kong-Chun) , "คนที่ฆ่าฉัน"(Kon-Tee-Ka-Chun) , "ไม่หวั่นแม้วันมามาก"(Mai-Wun-Mae-Won-Ma-Mak) and "น้ำลาย"(Num-Lie).
2006-2011 Toh resigns
In 2006 Toh the lead singer at the time came out to announce their resignation from Silly Fools, with the reason being that their work environment didn't support their belief in Islam and internal disagreement with other band members ultimately led to this decision. This was shocking news to the Thai music industry. Toh then formed a new band called Hangman, the other band members announced that they would continue to perform as Silly Fools and were hiring a new vocalist. In 2006 Silly Fools announced that they had a new lead singer which performed in the fate festival concert whilst wearing a mask keeping their identity a secret.
The following December Ton, Rang, Tor, and the new singer started to promote their new album even appearing in several talk shows. They announced that the album would be on sale the following year and that the album was called Mini which was a collection of 5 English songs. They also revealed the identity of the new singer Benjamin Jung Tuffnell. Silly Fools almost changed their lead singer to David Usher by the recommendation of a Canadian band but they declined due to their old age. Mini contained Stay Away as it's the first track.
In 2008 Silly Fools resigned from GMM Grammy to join RS even though they had been working for GMM Grammy for 10 years with Tor the band's drummer releasing the first piece of work before releasing The One album in the following March. The album had 2 versions, an English and Thai version and although the album received good reviews they weren't even close to the albums when Toh was the lead singer. Famous songs in this album include "เราเป็นคนเลือกเอง"(Rao Pen Kon Ruak Eng) "เหนื่อยแล้ว"(Nuay Leaw) "รั้งรอ"(Rung Roh) and "โง่"(Ngo).
Silly Fools released ทำร้าย (Tum Rai) on 1 June 2010.
In 2011-2013 Freelance, Single"สูญญากาศ", Tor resigns, Rut joins
Silly Fools released "สูญญากาศ"(Soon-Ya-Kard) on 24 February 2012 at SeedFM 97.5 so for this single Silly Fools has moved out from RS because Silly Fools don't want the pressure to affect their work. By the way, RS agree (RS want Silly Fools to release an album but Silly Fools want to release single). For single "สูญญากาศ"(Soon-Ya-Kard) Silly Fools mix the sound at Canada and get Boyd Kosiyapong (The top songwriter to produce and Warner Bros. Music Thailand take care of marketing).
After the single was released, Tor (Drummer) resigned and moved to be Sek Loso's backup drummer, and Rut Dezember's drummer joined.
List of events summary
In 1998 Silly Fools moved to the “More Music Label” under GMM Grammy and made first debut album “I.Q. 180”
In 2006 Silly Fools announced “Toh (singer)” resigned and they created a new band named “Hangman” this was one of the biggest announcements in Thai musical history
In 2006 Silly Fools announced “Benjamin Jung Tuffnell” was going to be lead vocal and make Ben debut with EP album “Mini”
In 2008 Silly Fools move from “GMM Grammy” to “RS” the opposite pole of Grammy
In 2014 Silly Fools moved to “ME Record” under “Muzik Move”.
On 7th August 2016 The band announced that Kritsana Pandonlan (Rim) past lead singer of WOIZE was going to be the lead singer of Silly Fools
Band members
Current members
Jakarint "Ton" Juprasert (; ) – Guitars (1995-present)
Thevarit "Rang" Srisuk (; ) – Bass guitars (1995-present)
Rat Kobayashi (; ) – Drums (2013-present)
Kritsana "Rim" Pandonlan () – Lead vocal (2015-present)
Former members
Korbpob "Toey" Baiyam (; ) – Drums (1995-1999)
Natapol "Toe" Puthpawana (; ) – Lead vocals (1995-2006), formed their new band HANGMAN, but now retired and changed name to 'Wirachon Satthaying' ().
Tortrakul "Tor" Baingen (; ) – Drums (1999-2012)
Benjamin "Ben" Jung Tuffnell () – Lead vocals (2006-2015)
On June 26, 2006, Natapol Puthpawana quit the band, claiming that they no longer could play in venues serving alcoholic beverages due to their religion.
On November 12, 2006, Silly Fools appeared at the 2006 Fat Festival, performing 2 songs. Their new lead singer, whose identity was not revealed, performed 2 songs while wearing a mask. Both songs that were performed that evening were in English.
On December 21, 2006, Silly Fools (Ton, Rung, Tor) released their latest album "Silly Fools Mini", and unveiled the band's new lead singer, Benjamin Jung Tuffnell. The "Mini" album includes 5 English songs, and was made available for sale around January 26, 2007.
In 2012, Tortrakul Baingen quit the band, with personal reason.
In 2013 Rat Kobayashi became the new permanent drummer for the band. The band produced a single for digital download in 2012 Soon Ya Kad.
Members of the band produced TV shows Rock Rider about rock music and travel on big bike. In 2014, Silly Fools together with the band Airborne, and former lead singer of Big Ass Ekarat Wongcharat "Dak", formed Rock Rider project to produce music and do concert tours.
Discography
Studio albums
I.Q. 180 (June 1998)
Candyman (July 1999)
Mint (September 2000)
Juicy (March 2002)
King Size (January 15, 2004)
The One (March, 2008)
Singles and extended plays
Loi Yim (1996)
Chip Diao Ko Sueng Maen (1996)
Su Mai Dai (1998)
Muea Rak Chan Koet (1998)
Seng (1998)
Ya BokWa Rak (1999)
Nai Wa Cha Mai Lok Kan (1999)
Khit thueng (2000)
Chi Cha (2000)
Phleng Ni Kiaokap Khwam Rak (2000)
Phit Thi Waichai (2002)
Khi Hueng (2002)
Ba Bored (2002)
Nam Ning Lai Luek (2002)
Wat Jai (2002)
Nam lai (2004)
Khon Thi Kha Chan (2004)
Nueng Diao Khong Chan (2004)
Mai Wan Mae Wan MaMak (2004)
Man Aep Yu Khang Khrueang (2004)
Phleng Khong Thoe (2004)
Buea (2004)
Rao Pen Khon Lueak Eng (2008)
Ngo (2008)
Rang Ro (2008)
Thamrai (2010)
Sunyakat (2012)
Standing tall (2014)
Pae Ya Rong (2016)
Chong Riak Thoe Wa Nangphaya (2017)
20 Tula (2018)
Sat Rai (2019) (Record with BIG BAG band)
MIST (2019) (Record with Zeal band)
ORANGE (2020)
Lang Mue (2021)
Phae Khwam On ae (2021)
EPs
Silly Fools (1996)
Mini (2007)
Compilations
Combo (2004)
The Singles (2006)
Hits (2010)
Best of Silly Fools (2013)
RS Gold Collection Silly Fools Best Album (2014)
Other songs
Motion picture music teentalk (1998)
Motion picture music Yamaha x1 (2005)
Motion picture music Phlik Fa La Tawan (2009)
Awards
Silly Fools got 7 awards from 2000 to 2009
13th Seesan Award (2000)
Best Rock Group Artist Award (Album : Mint)
Best Rock Album Award (Album : Mint)
15th Seesan Award (2002)
Best Rock Group Artist Award (Album : Juicy)
1st Fat Award (2003)
Artist's Choice Award
MTV Asia Award (2005)
Popular Thai Artist Award
21st Seesan Award (2008)
Best Rock Group Artist Award (Album : The One)
4th SEED AWARDS (2009)
Seed Music Video of the year (Song : Rao Pen Khon Lueak Eng )
Seed Rock Album of the year (Album : The One)
POP Music Awards (2009)
Pop Rock Artist Award
Concert
References
Toe's press conference about leaving Silly Fools (in Thai)
Ton, Rung and Tor's response to Toe's press conference (in Thai)
External links
More Music press conferences Toe leaving Silly Fools (in Thai)
Nov 12, 06 : The Latest Songs and new singer (in Thai)
Dec 21, 06 : Silly Fools have interviewed on radio stations, talked about the new album "Mini" (in Thai)
Benjamin Jung Tuffnell's profile (in English)
SILLY FOOLS WEBSITE
Thai rock music groups
Musical groups from Bangkok
Susan A. Deschambault (born November 25, 1947) is an American politician and retired law enforcement officer from Maine. They represent Maine Senate District 32, which comprises the towns of Alfred, Arundel, Biddeford, Dayton, Kennebunkport and Lyman. Deschambault, a Democrat from Biddeford, was first elected in a special election in March 2016. Prior to the Senate, they served two terms as a city councilor in Biddeford and was president of the Maine Association of Police for 21 years.
Early life and education
Deschambault was born in 1974 and received their Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from St. Francis College.  They are a licensed social worker. Deschambault served as a Biddeford city councilor for two terms and was the chairperson of the Biddeford Planning Board.
Maine Department of Corrections
Deschambault began their career in corrections at the Stevens School for Girls in Hallowell, Maine following the enactment of the 1976 Code of Juvenile Justice. They continued working as a social worker and correctional caseworker for the Maine Department of Corrections for 43 years until their retirement.
They spent more than 40 years in the Maine Department of Corrections as a social worker and served on the Biddeford police commission for 12 years, eventually becoming Biddeford's first female police commissioner.
Maine Senate
On January 28, 2016 Senator David Dutremble of Maine Senate District 28 resigned their position to focus on recovering from alcoholism. On March 29, a special election was held to fill their vacant seat, and Deschambault defeated Republican Stephen Martin 57%-41%.
On Friday, April 2, when Deschambault and their family arrived at Governor Paul LePage's office for their swearing-in ceremony, they were informed that the ceremony had been canceled by the governor. According to a spokesperson for LePage, the governor canceled the ceremony as a response to state Democrats' lack of support for their nominee to the Maine Unemployment Insurance Commission. LePage eventually swore in Deschambault on April 5, the last day they were legally obligated to do so. Senate President Michael Thibodeau postponed roll-call votes in the Senate until after Deschambault was sworn in.
In June 2016, Deschambault won the Democratic primary for the November 8 general election with 85% of the vote and defeated Republican Matthew Stone 59%-41% in the general election.
Deschambault and a delegation of other New England state legislators traveled to Taiwan to meet with other elected officials and discuss forms of democratic government.
Personal life
Deschambault is a lifelong Biddeford resident. They have one adult son.
Electoral history
References
External links
Senator Susan Deschambault on Facebook
Maine State Legislature: Senator Susan Deschambault
1947 births
Living people
Maine state senators
Women state legislators in Maine
Maine Democrats
Politicians from Biddeford, Maine
Maine city council members
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
American women police officers
Women city councillors in Maine
Giovanni Sercambi (1348–1424) was an Italian author from Lucca who wrote a history of their city, Le croniche di Luccha, as well as Il novelliere (or Novelle), a collection of 155 tales.
Sercambi composed Le croniche di Luccha from until their death from plague in 1424.
The unfinished Il novelliere has a frame story based on Boccaccio's Decameron, in which the storytellers flee the Lucca to avoid the plague of 1374. One of the stories, La novella d'Astolfo, is notable for showing parallels with the tale of Shahriyar and Shahzaman in the One Thousand and One Nights.
References
Sources
Myriam Swennen Ruthenberg "Telling Lies, Telling Lives: Giovanni Sercambi Between Cronaca and Novella" in The Italian Novella, ed. Gloria Allaire (Western Michigan University Press, 2003)
Robert Irwin The Arabian Nights: A Companion (Tauris Parkes Paperbacks, 2005)
1348 births
1424 deaths
Italian male writers
Writers from Lucca
Wendy Overton (born March 31, 1947) is an American former professional tennis player active in the 1970s.  They are known mostly for their performance in doubles.
They began their tennis career in Florida at the age of 11. They were ranked world No. 1 in juniors and won several US National titles in both singles and doubles.
They attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida on an academic scholarship and was a top-ranked collegiate player from 1965 to 1969.
They participated in World TeamTennis and played for Toronto, Cleveland, and Indiana.
An arm injury ended their career.
After their retirement, they became tennis director of the Hunters Run Golf and Racket Club in Boynton Beach, Florida, a post they held for 10 years. They then became a real estate agent. They won the US Open senior event in 1997.
WTA Tour finals
Doubles 9 (5 titles, 4 runner-ups)
External links
1947 births
American female tennis players
Living people
Sportspeople from Boynton Beach, Florida
Tennis people from Florida
Sportspeople from Glen Cove, New York
21st-century American women
Israel Corredor (born 25 July 1959) is a Colombian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in three editions of the Tour de France and two editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
People from Cundinamarca Department
Gina Smith is an American entrepreneur, author, and journalist who co-wrote Steve Wozniak's 2006 autobiography iWoz: From Computer Geek to Cult Icon: How I Invented the Personal Computer, Co-Founded Apple, and Had Fun Doing It. In 2001, Smith was named one of the 100 most influential people in technology by Upside Magazine.
Technology journalism
From 1990 to 2000, Smith wrote the "Inside Silicon Valley" technology column in the San Francisco Sunday Chronicle. During that time, they were a investigative news reporter for PC Week, senior editor at PC/Computing magazine, and later, as of 1994, they were the editor-in-chief of IDG's Electronic Entertainment magazine. From 1993 to 1997, they hosted On Computers with Gina Smith and Leo Laporte and from 1997 to 2000 they hosted ABC Radio's "Connected with Gina Smith," a radio call-in show that ran in syndication.
In 1995, they co-hosted, with John Levine, an educational PBS special The Internet Show: Drivers' Education for the Internet Superhighway.
Also in 1995 ABC News hired Smith as a technology correspondent., where they covered technology news for ABC News' Nightline with Ted Koppel, ABC World News Tonight with Peter Jennings and Good Morning America.
Smith hosted the ESPN weekly series, "Nothing But Net," with Pat O'Brien in 1995 and 1996. They also hosted a daily tech news show on the Discovery Channel in 1996 and 1997 called Cyberlife. Cyberlife was nominated for a CableACE award in the Business/Consumer Programming Special or Series category in 1997.
In 1999 Smith joined CNET as anchor of the News.Com daily news show on CNBC.
In 2010, Smith returned to journalism as editor-in-chief of the online relaunch of Byte magazine as Byte.com.
Since 2011, they have been CEO of aNewDomain Media, which runs several news websites.
Business ventures
In 2000, Smith was named CEO of the New Internet Computer Company, which they co-founded with Larry Ellison. The firm closed in 2003.
In 2004 David Warthen appointed Smith president of Eye Games, a San Francisco-based video game technology company.
Bibliography
References
External links
aNewDomain – The technology news site Smith founded
People from Daytona Beach, Florida
Florida State University alumni
Living people
American biographers
American technology journalists
American people of Serbian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Reference Islands () is a group of rocky islands 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) west-northwest of the west tip of Neny Island and 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) southeast of Millerand Island, lying in Marguerite Bay off the west coast of Graham Land. First roughly charted in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill. The islands were surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1947, and so named by them because they served as a convenient reference point for survey work.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Korday (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the auyl of Korday.
See also
2020 Dungan–Kazakh ethnic clashes
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
Brandolini's law, also known as the bullshit asymmetry principle, is an internet adage that emphasizes the effort of debunking misinformation, in comparison to the relative ease of creating it in the first place. It states that "The amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than that needed to produce it."
Origins
It was publicly formulated the first time in January 2013 by Alberto Brandolini, an Italian programmer. Brandolini stated that they were inspired by reading Daniel Kahneman's Thinking, Fast and Slow right before watching an Italian political talk show with former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and journalist Marco Travaglio.
Similar concepts
In Economic Sophisms (1845, 1867), Bastiat expresses an early notion of this law:We must confess that our adversaries have a marked advantage over us in the discussion. In very few words they can announce a half-truth; and in order to demonstrate that it is incomplete, we are obliged to have recourse to long and dry dissertations.
Other notable thinkers and philosophers have noted similar truths throughout history. In their 1786 Letters on Infidelity, George Horne writes that:
Mark Twain is sometimes erroneously quoted as saying that:
Their actual quote, dictated for their 1906 autobiography, is:
A similar concept was formulated by economist Roy Radner in 1993. Radner considered the performance of an organization that processes information in terms of both the number of processors required to review data items, and the time delays associated with processing data items.
In 2005, Russian physicist Sergey Lopatnikov anonymously published an essay in which they introduced the following definition:
The Gish gallop, a term coined in 1994 to refer to creationism debates, is a rhetorical technique that relies on overwhelming an opponent with specious arguments, half-truths, and misrepresentations that each require considerably more time to refute or fact-check than they did to state in the first place.
The yoga scholar-practitioners Mark Singleton and Borayin Larios write that several of their colleagues have "privately" described their "aversion to public debate" with non-scholars because of Brandolini's law.
See also
Burden of proof
False balance
List of eponymous laws
Hitchens's razor
Poe's law
On Bullshit
References
Adages
Internet terminology
Asymmetry
Eponyms
2013 neologisms
Mucilaginibacter frigoritolerans is a chemoorganotrophic, aerobic and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from the Finnish Lapland.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter frigoritolerans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2010
Jeremy Gilchrist (born February 24, 1986 in Norfolk, Virginia) is a professional American and Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. They played college football for the Hampton Pirates.
1986 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football wide receivers
Hampton Pirates football players
Players of Canadian football from Norfolk, Virginia
Players of American football from Norfolk, Virginia
Until 1 January 2007 Hvorslev municipality was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Viborg County in central Denmark. The municipality covered an area of 128 km², and had a total population of 6,900 (2005). Its last mayor was Kurt Andreasen, a member of the Venstre (Liberal Party) political party. The largest town was the town of Ulstrup and the village of Hvorslev was the municipal seat.
Hvorslev municipality ceased to exist due to Kommunalreformen ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007). It was merged with Hadsten, Hinnerup, and Hammel municipalities, as well as the southern part of Langå municipality to form the new Favrskov municipality. This created a municipality with an area of 487 km² and a total population of ca. 41,596 (2005). The new municipality belongs to Region Midtjylland ("Mid-Jutland Region").
External links
Favrskov municipality's website
References
Municipal statistics: NetBorger Kommunefakta, delivered from KMD aka Kommunedata (Municipal Data)
Municipal mergers and neighbors: Eniro new municipalities map
Former municipalities of Denmark
The Canmore Folk Music Festival is an annual three-day outdoor music event held the first weekend of August in Canmore, Alberta, Canada, established in 1978. Though the town of Canmore has a population of less than 14,000, the festival averages an attendance rate of over 19,000 each year. As of 2018, the producer of the festival is Sue Panning & the festival is managed by Ken Pillipow. The festival relies on over 600 volunteers and is a community affair.
History
The festival showcases performers in many genres. Most years, folk, Celtic, bluegrass, blues, gospel, roots, and worldbeat acts perform. Past main stage performers include Bruce Cockburn, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Ian Tyson, Cowboy Junkies, and Grievous Angels. In addition to mainstage concerts by individual artists, the festival has artists collaborate on shared session stages. The Canmore Folk Music Festival is held at Centennial Park, in downtown Canmore. Alberta's Rockies act as a backdrop for the festival stages.
See also
List of festivals in Alberta
List of music festivals in Canada
References
External links
Canmore Folk Music Festival Official website
Music festivals in Alberta
Uptake is an industrial artificial intelligence (AI) software company. Built around a foundation of data science and machine learning, Uptake's core products include an Asset Performance Management application and a fully managed platform.
Uptake's industry-specific content, including its Asset Strategy Library (ASL), provides guidance on failure prevention. The ASL is the largest in the market today with approximately 800 equipment types, over 58,000 failure modes and over 180,000 reportable conditions.
Uptake was founded by Brad Keywell in Chicago, Illinois in 2014.
Business
Uptake was incorporated in 2014 and is located in Chicago, with offices in San Francisco, Houston, Albuquerque, Riyadh, and Mississauga.
In March 2015, Caterpillar announced its minority investment in Uptake, with the aim of the joint development of systems to monitor and improve use of the nearly 3 million pieces of Caterpillar equipment in the field. Caterpillar's core business offerings were completed in mid 2016. On September 21, 2016, Progress Rail formed a strategic partnership, launching EMD Uptime, with Uptake for condition monitoring. On March 2, 2017, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Energy, an $84 billion portfolio of companies primarily in the renewables space, announced a deal with Uptake. Two of BHE's subsidiaries, BHE Renewables and MidAmerican Energy Company, now use Uptake's software to connect and track their fleet of wind turbines.
In June 2018, Uptake announced the U.S. Army would be using its software to improve the readiness of a few dozen of its Bradley Fighting Vehicles.
In February 2018, Uptake announced the hire of Ganesh Bell, former chief digital officer at General Electric, as President.
In June 2019, Uptake announced Ganesh Bell would step down as President.
In September 2020, Uptake announced that Kayne Grau would become its President. In October 2021, the company announced Grau would become CEO and that Founder Brad Keywell would become Executive Chairman of the Board.
Financing
On October 27, 2015, Uptake announced that it had raised $45 million in venture capital led by GreatPoint Ventures and existing investors including New Enterprise Associates and Caterpillar. Uptake's valuation was estimated to be one billion dollars, making it the third unicorn in the state of Illinois. On February 1, 2017 investor Revolution Growth, a firm started by Steve Case, Donn Davis and Ted Leonsis, announced that they would be backing Uptake with $40 million as part of the Series C round. This valued Uptake at $2 billion. In November 2017, Uptake closed a Series D round of $117 million at a post-money valuation of $2.3 billion. That brought Uptake's total funding to over $250 million.
References
American companies established in 2014
Companies based in Chicago
Cloud computing providers
Alice Bunker Stockham (November 8, 1833 – December 3, 1912) was an obstetrician and gynecologist from Chicago, and the fifth woman to become a doctor in the United States. They promoted gender equality, dress reform, birth control, and male and female sexual fulfillment for successful marriages.
A well-traveled and well-read person who counted among their friends Leo Tolstoy and Havelock Ellis, they also visited Sweden and from their trips to schools there they brought back the idea of teaching children domestic crafts, thus single-handedly establishing shop and home economics classes in the United States.
Activism
Alice Bunker Stockham was born in Cardington, Ohio on November 8, 1833.
They lectured against the use of corsets by women, advocated complete abstinence from alcohol and tobacco, and believed in women's rights. Stockham was a vegetarian. In 1893, they were a speaker at the Third International Vegetarian Congress in Chicago.
Stockham was very concerned with the economic plight of divorced women with children and prostitutes who wanted to get off the street. They felt that these women had no marketable skills and would be unable to support themselves, so they had copies of their book Tokology, a layperson's guide to gynecology and midwifery, privately printed and gave them to "unfortunate women" to sell door-to-door in Chicago. Each copy came with a bound-in certificate signed by Stockham and entitling the bearer to a free gynecological exam.
In 1905, a then 72-year old Stockham and their publisher were convicted of circulating improper literature under the Comstock laws.
They died at their home in Alhambra, California on December 3, 1912.
Karezza
They coined the term Karezza (from the Italian for "caress") and authored a book by this name in 1896. It refers to non-religious spiritual sexual practices that draw upon tantric techniques of body control but do not involve any of tantra's cultural or iconographic symbolism.
They promoted Karezza as a means to achieve:
birth control (she was against abortion but they wanted women to be able to control pregnancies);
social and political equality for women (she felt that "Karezza men" would never rape their wives and would actually treat them "decently");
marital pleasure and hence marital fidelity (she advocated Karezza as a cure for "failing marriages").
Stockham's interest in birth control could not overcome their fear that a mechanical sperm barrier would prevent "the complete interchange of magnetism" (a theory popular among 19th century sexual-spiritual teachers). In part this stems from the biblical injunction against Onanism, but they also felt a failure of magnetic interchange was injurious and unnatural.
Thus they advocated "the Oneida method" (from the Oneida Society), then also known as "male continence", in which men refrained from ejaculation but women were encouraged to have contractive orgasms at will. In later writings they also began to promulgate the need for women to learn to control their orgasm responses in the same way that the men of Oneida did. Ultimately, Stockham rejected the "male continence" techniques of John Humphrey Noyes in favour of gender parity in orgasm control. They also rejected Noyes' polyamorous ideas and promoted Karezza as a way to strengthen marriage and monogamy.
Stockham's gender-parity version of tantra yoga, despite its somewhat anti-orgasmic, and thus apparently anti-hedonistic bent, serves as an important counterpoint to the male-centered aspects of traditional tantric sexual practices and later variants such as the "sex-magick" of Aleister Crowley. In the field of sex magic, the only practice that is similar to Karezza as far as the sex act is concerned is Samael Aun Weor's The Perfect Matrimony; otherwise, they diverge as far as doctrine is concerned. They saw Karezza as a way to promote health and happiness in marriage. The emphasis was on selflessness in lovemaking, gentle, harmonious passion leading to sublime spiritual delights.
Despite the many benefits of Stockham's approach, including granting couples the ability to choose opportunities for parenthood without contraceptives, the Vatican did not like Karezza or its relatives. Forty years after Stockham's death in 1912, the Sacred Congregation of the Holy Office issued a moratorium, citing an express mandate of Pope Pius XII. It noted that several contemporary writers, in discussing married life, had described, praised, and even ventured to recommend something they termed "a reserved embrace", and forbade priests and spiritual directors ever to suggest that there was otherwise. On October 29, 1951 in their "allocution to midwives", Pope Pius XII citing Pope Pius XI's Encyclical Casti connubii of December 31, 1930 declared
[...] that every attempt of either husband or wife in the performance of the conjugal act or in the development of its natural consequences which aims at depriving it of its inherent force and hinders the procreation of new life is immoral; and that no "indication" or need can convert an act which is intrinsically immoral into a moral and lawful one.
This precept is in full force today, as it was in the past, and so it will be in the future also, and always, because it is not a simple human whim, but the expression of a natural and divine law.
Bibliography
Also available as
Also available as Stockham, Alice (2019). The lover's world : a wheel of life. Norderstedt: Books on Demand. . OCLC 987572577
References
Further reading
1833 births
1912 deaths
19th-century American women writers
19th-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American writers
American obstetricians
American temperance activists
American vegetarianism activists
American women's rights activists
Anti-smoking activists
People from Cardington, Ohio
People from Evanston, Illinois
Popes Harbour is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, about west of Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia. The community is located along the shores of Popes Harbour, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean. The mi'kmaq names for the area were Kwemoodech and Kwemoodeech, translating to "little loon place" and "small harbour" respectively. Before 1827, the settlement was referred to as Deane Harbour. The present name for the community is in honour of an early pioneer family. Popes Harbour is known for Abriel's Fisheries.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Abyssinian woodpecker (Dendropicos abyssinicus), also known as the golden-backed woodpecker or the golden-mantled woodpecker, is a species of bird in the woodpecker family, Picidae. It is native to Africa, where it occurs in Eritrea and Ethiopia. It appears to be a close relative of the cardinal woodpecker Dendropicos fuscescens.
Description
The Abyssinian woodpecker is a very small woodpecker with a relatively long and broad bill. It has a golden yellow back and mantle with a bright red rump and barred wings and barred tail, the underparts are pale and heavily streaked with black. The head is striped and the male is distinguished by having a red nape and crown. The brown stripe through the eye and the golden mantle separate this species from the related Cardinal Woodpecker. It measured in length and weighs .
Distribution and habitat
The Abyssinian woodpecker is endemic to the Ethiopian Highlands. It occurs north, up to central Eritrea and the Degua Tembien mountains in Ethiopia, and east to Harar in Ethiopia and the River Alata, a tributary of the Hanger River.
This species occurs in juniper woods and Hagenia forest, also in areas of Euphorbia, particularly between and occasionally higher. It has also been found in wooded savanna at lower altitudes.
Habits
The biology and ecology of the Abyssinian woodpecker is almost unknown. It is an unobtrusive bird which probes for food among moss growing on trees. It is thought that the nesting period probably runs between December and May.
Conservation status
The Abyssinian woodpecker has a very large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable and is currently classed as Least Concern but it is thought to be decreasing in population and contracting its range due to continuing clearance of woodlands.
References
Abyssinian woodpecker
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Abyssinian woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Berezayka () is a river in Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast and Bologovsky District of Tver Oblast of Russia. It is left tributary of the Msta and belongs to the drainage basin of the Neva and the Baltic Sea. It is long, and the area of its drainage basin is . The principal tributary of the Berezayka is the Valdayka (left).
The course of Berezayka lies in the Valdai Hills. The source of the river is in Lake Berezay. The Berezayka flows north, empties into Lake Kholmskoye, and flows out of this lake to the east. It enters Tver Oblast, flows through a number of lakes, and turns north. It flows through the southeastern part of Lake Piros and turns east. The mouth of the Berezayka is at the village of Berezovsky Ryadok.
The drainage basin of the Berezayka includes the major parts of Valdaysky and Bologovsky Districts, as well as minor areas at Okulovsky and Borovichsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and the urban-type settlement of Ozyorny in Tver Oblast. The towns of Bologoye and Valday lie in the basin of the Berezayka. The basin also includes many lakes of the Valdai Hills, the biggest of which are Lake Valdayskoye, Lake Kaftino, and Lake Piros.
The Berezayka is a popular rafting route.
References
Rivers of Novgorod Oblast
Rivers of Tver Oblast
Fani Madida (born 7 December 1966) is a South African former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or forward in South Africa for Giant Blackpool, Kaizer Chiefs and Hellenic and in Turkey for Beşiktaş, Antalyaspor and Bursaspor.
International career
Madida made their debut for the South Africa national team on 7 July 1992 in a 1–0 win over Cameroon and played their last match on 18 September 1996 in a 2–0 win over Australia coming on for Mark Williams in the 74th minute.
References
External links
Profile at Turkish Football Federation
1966 births
Living people
People from Newcastle, KwaZulu-Natal
Sportspeople from KwaZulu-Natal
South African soccer players
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
South Africa international soccer players
Süper Lig players
Kaizer Chiefs F.C. players
Giant Blackpool players
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Antalyaspor footballers
Bursaspor footballers
Hellenic F.C. players
South African expatriate soccer players
South African expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Villanders (; ) is a village and comune in South Tyrol in northern Italy with 1,875 inhabitants (as of December 31, 2013). It is located in the Eisack Valley above Klausen.
Geography
Villanders lies on the Villanderer Berg (Mountain of Villanders), at the top of which lies the Totensee (Lake of death). The village is bordered by Barbian, Klausen, Lajen, Ritten and Sarntal.
History
Coat of arms
The emblem is party per fess of azure and gules, in the first three points of argent, in the second a fess dancetty of argent. It is the arms of the local Lords of Vilanders and Pardell. The emblem was granted in 1966.
Toponym
Villanders was first mentioned in an official document in 1070 under the name Filandres; in 1085 under the name Filanders, later on as Filanders or Vylanders.
The origin of the name Villanders, which is often believed to derive from the term "viel anders" meaning "a lot different", is not clear to date. Sometimes, the name is believed to have pre-Roman origins (similar to the neighbouring villages Verdings/Verdignes and Feldthurns/Velturno). Other linguists have tried to look for Roman roots (for example "villa antrorum" or "valles antri"), while others even suspect a connection to Flanders in Belgium. However, none of these proposals is convincing. Following a legend, some people in Villanders believe the village was first called "Schönberg", meaning beautiful mountain, and when it was destroyed by a landslide, everything looked "a lot different" ("viel anders" in German) afterwards.
Prehistory and early history
It can be supposed that in the distant mists of time people discovered that life was pleasant on the fertile moraine soil of the sunny slopes of Villanders and so they settled there. There is evidence that the adjoining Sarntal valley and the surrounding mountains, including the Villanders Mountain and the Alpine meadow have been explored by men and economically exploited since at least the Mesolithic. These finds and the features of the landscape of the alpine meadow of Villanders, which is an ideal grazing ground for ibex, the preferred prey of Mesolithic hunters, suggest that the entire meadow was a summer hunting ground at that time. During excavations in the archaeological zone at Plunacker in the area within and around the village of Villanders, a Mesolithic occupation layer was uncovered, containing stone tools made from flint from the 8th and 7th centuries BC.
At the beginning of the Neolithic from 5000 BC the cultivation of the land and the keeping of domestic animals indicate that people now lived a settled life in South Tyrol. The low mountain landscape in Villanders offered favourable conditions for this. The finds in the Plunacker archaeological zone in Villanders are among the most significant of this epoch in the whole of the Alps. Finds from the Neolithic on the alpine meadows of Villanders also provide evidence of the presence of men at higher levels, but allow no inference as to the use of the alpine meadow for agriculture in the narrower sense of the term.
Finds from the Copper and Bronze Ages are indeed rare; however finds in the surrounding communities of Brixen/Bressanone, Saubach and Barbian/Barbiano do suggest that there was a continuous history of settlement. It is probable that mining had already begun and the copper extracted was sold to communities to the South; at Lake Garda and in the Pianura Padana. The Mediterranean influence on the Southern Alps can also be seen in the world of the intellect: writing on the Etruscan model was introduced and depiction of the gods resembled the Greek and Italian or Etruscan style.
Roman times
Roman times in what is today known as South Tyrol, begins at the latest with the Emperor Augustus (31 BC - 14 AD) and continues into the 5th and 6th centuries AD. The area around Villanders at that time was continuously settled, but still patchily. The only finds discovered to date were found on the Plunacker. Here the remains of a large and well appointed Roman villa were discovered. At that time the area between Ritten/Renon and Villanders lay in the border country between Trento/Tridentum, Noricum and Rhaetia, but it is impossible to be more precise, because we lack archaeological evidence.
The Middle Ages
As in other parts of South Tyrol there are very few traces in Villanders from the Early and High Middle Ages (approx. 500-1350 AD). However, it can be assumed that settlement continued, but as yet we have not been fortunate enough to find the evidence of the unbroken inhabitation of any farm from Late Antiquity up to the High Middle Ages.
The Lords of Vilanders
The title, the "Lords of Vilanders" denoted one of the most powerful noble clans in the Tyrol of the Middle Ages, with its home in Villanders. They were prosperous farmers, who lived in large farmhouses, more like manor houses, and who were soon keen to extend their possessions and to gain political influence.
The first reference to the Lords of Vilanders can be found in church records from the first half of the 12th century. The addition of "von Vilanders" (of Vilanders) became increasingly common during the 13th century and was used by various families, who were not related to each other. The genealogy of the Lords of Vilanders begins with Ekkehard I of Vilanders (1176–1183) then divides into twelve branches.
At first the Lords of Vilanders established themselves as Ministeriales of the Brixen and Trento bishops and in the Villanders court, which formed its own judicial district within the County of Bozen. They were put in charge of fortified castles to control strategically important points, such as the Trostburg, which was granted by Count Meinhard to the judge of Villanders, Randold von Vilanders zu Pradell, who thereupon became the progenitor of the Counts von Wolkenstein and thus also the forebear of the great mediaeval minstrel, Oswald von Wolkenstein.
The political rise of the Lords of Vilanders began under the rule of the Tyrolean Count, Meinhard II (1258 – 1295). They increasingly occupied posts as judges, guardians, canons and deacons and guarded the interests of the nobles at the regional parliaments. Under the reigns of the sons of Meinhard II, Otto, Ludwig and Heinrich the Lords of Vilanders were finally able to secure their position and even to rise to higher social levels. Their estates now extended from Sterzing to Bozen, into the Puster Valley, to Villnöß and into the Gröden Valley, but they also possessed castles and courts in Tramin, Buchenstein (Livinallongo), Feltre and Belluno. The two most important representatives of the Lords of Vilanders were Engelmar and Tegen von Vilanders. They obtained the money to maintain all these estates principally in military campaigns in Italy; for example they fought on the side of Scaligeri of Verona against Padua.
In the quarrels over the land of mountain passes, namely Tyrol, between the Austrian Habsburgs, the Bavarian Wittelsbachs and the Luxembourgers, Engelmar von Vilanders played an inglorious role, which brought about the decline of the Lords of Vilanders. Engelmar von Vilanders, who had meanwhile become governor, thought they could make money from the feud. However, their lack of political acumen sealed their fate. To begin with, they conducted negotiations, which bordered on treason, with the Luxembourgers and their ally, the Bishop of Trento, then did an about-turn, when the defeat of the Luxembourgers loomed over the horizon. At the beginning of April 1347 they swore an oath of loyalty to the Tyrolean sovereign once more. They were pardoned, but had to resign from the post of governor and lost many of their possessions. After their defeat in the wars the Luxembourgers tried once more to bribe the Tyrolean noblemen to rejoin their side. The Lords of Vilanders were unable to resist them and once more allowed themselves to negotiate with their country's enemy. In addition, in October 1347 Engelmar von Vilanders concluded a treaty with the Bishop of Trento, in which they pledged mutual support in the event of an attack.
In the autumn of 1347, Emperor Louis IV the Bavarian led the decisive campaign against their enemies, defeated the bishop of Trento and took their revenge on the former governor, Engelmar von Vilanders, who was charged with high treason, pronounced guilty and sentenced to death. Subsequently, they were beheaded in front of their brother's castle. As a consequence the von Vilanders lost the majority of their possessions. Ekkehard von Vilanders-Trostburg was the only member of the family to regain any political influence, but they were unable to prevent the once powerful line of the Lords of Vilanders from dying out in 1547.
Society
Linguistic distribution
According to the 2011 census, 98.46% of the population speak German, 1.15% Italian and 0.38% Ladin as first language.
Culture and sights of interest
Villanders is one of the most popular holiday destinations in the Isarco Valley. The surroundings are used for hiking, be it in the valley or on the alpine meadows. Villanders is also known for its mines, which are open to the public. During the Middle Ages the mines were amongst the most important in Tyrol. Especially during the 16th century the mines had a big influence on life in Villanders and Klausen.
The cemetery near the St. Stephen's Parish Church with its wrought-iron crosses facing away from the grave, is also well known.
The tradition of Törggelen, which includes tasting the new wine and eating typical farmers' dishes, is also widespread.
The geographic centre of South Tyrol is also located in the community of Villanders, precisely on the Alpine meadow, the Villanderer Alm, just below Villanders Mountain.
Notes and references
External links
Homepage
Homepage
Historical mine of Villanders
Villanders in the Tirol Atlas of the University of Innsbruck
Municipalities of South Tyrol
Božič Vrh () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
Božič Vrh was attested in written sources as Woschitschen perg and Woschytzenperg in 1477.
References
External links
Božič Vrh on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
Cubilia obscura is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1925.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1925
Lawrence 'Larry' G. McDonald is a New York Times bestselling author and CNBC contributor, currently founder of 'The Bear Traps Report', an investment newsletter focused on Political and Systemic Risk with actionable trade ideas and Macro perspective. Former Head of U.S. Macro Strategy at Société Générale and former vice-president of distress debt and convertible securities trading at Lehman Brothers.
Early life and education
Lawrence McDonald was born in Lowell, Massachusetts and grew up in the Cape Cod region. They graduated from Falmouth High School. McDonald attended The University of Massachusetts Dartmouth and received a degree in economics in 1989.
Lawrence McDonald achieved notoriety in the financial world as COO/Co-founder of Convertbond.com. Property rights to Convertbond.com were sold to Morgan Stanley.
Convertbond.com was named by Forbes Magazine "Best of the Web" from 2000 to 2003 as the World Wide Web's premier source for convertible securities information with news, valuation, terms and analysis tools for convertible securities.
Lawrence McDonald joined Lehman Brothers in New York City, in 2004 as vice-president of Distressed Debt and Convertible Securities Trading. They were one of the most consistently profitable traders, netting $96 million during their time with the firm.
Larry was one of the early voices warning others of the sub-prime mortgage crisis.
Career
Lawrence G. McDonald is currently a keynote speaker, founder of The Bear Traps Report Investment Newsletter and partner at ACG Analytics. He's also a financial consultant, global lecture speaker, and New York Times bestselling author of the book A Colossal Failure of Common Sense.
McDonald is the creator of The BEAR TRAPS REPORT, an investment newsletter providing weekly market insights, specific investments, and global trends.
McDonald is a frequent writer for Forbes Magazine and a guest contributor on Bloomberg, CNBC, and Fox Business News.
Their skill set is unique as one of today's leading risk consultants and strategists. He's been a keynote speaker in 16 different countries for various banks, investment firms, conferences, law firms, insurance companies, and universities. He's highly regarded as a risk consultant to hedge funds, family offices, asset managers and high-net-worth investors. They have taken a billion dollars of risk on the trading floor, and is a world-class European & Washington D.C policy risk strategist.
Lawrence McDonald's 21 Lehman Risk Indicators help investors get out of the way of painful risk off trades in the global markets.
Financial crisis
At the height of the 2008 financial crisis, Lawrence McDonald authored a book with writer Patrick Robinson on the fall of Lehman Brothers, A Colossal Failure of Common Sense. The book is a risk manager's guide, and it explains why investors must stay ahead of policy actions coming from Washington D.C and Europe. Published by Random House Crown Business, the book landed on the New York Times Best Seller's list in its first five days of release, and it's now a global bestseller translated into 12 different languages.
McDonald was a special advisor to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC), created by Congress in 2009 to investigate the causes, domestic and global, of the economic and financial crisis in the United States.
Lawrence McDonald was a cast participant in major financial crisis documentary Inside Job, an Academy Award Winner for Best Documentary in 2010, directed by Charles H. Ferguson. McDonald was also a cast participant in documentaries: BBC's The Love of Money and CBC's House of Cards.
In an editorial for the Huffington Post, McDonald was critical of former United States Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson's decision to save Bear Stearns while allowing Lehman Brothers to fail.
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense
In the book entitled A Colossal Failure of Common Sense, McDonald gives their account of the events surrounding the financial crisis of 2007–2010. The book discusses JP Morgan Chase's purchase of Bear Stearns and the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. The book was co-written with Patrick Robinson.
As of August 9, 2009, the book was 7th on the New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover nonfiction.
"A CFA Institute Top 20 All-Time - This book is a risk manager's guide to the right and wrong moves on Wall St., and explains why investors must stay ahead of policies coming out of Washington, D.C. and Europe." - CNBC.
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense is translated into 12 different languages.
References
External links
Excerpt from A Colossal Failure of Common Sense at NYTimes.com
Lehman Brothers
University of Massachusetts Dartmouth alumni
Living people
American financial writers
People from Lowell, Massachusetts
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stone is a village in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located southwest of the town of Aylesbury, on the A418 road that links Aylesbury to Thame. Stone with Bishopstone and Hartwell is a civil parish within Buckinghamshire district and also incorporates the nearby settlements of Bishopstone and Hartwell.
The architect Clough Williams-Ellis designed the village hall in 1910.
Description
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and refers literally to boundary stone or marker stone. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Stanes.
The village of Stone adjoins the village of Hartwell.
The parish church (www.stonedintonhartwell.com) is dedicated to St John the Baptist, and is dated 1273. The graveyard contains the grave of Admiral Smyth.
1806 description
In 1806, Magna Britannia described Stone as
STONE, in the hundred of Aylesbury and deanery of Wendover, lies nearly three miles west of Aylesbury, on the road to Thame. The manor was anciently in the family of Braci, afterwards in that of Whittingham. It has been since held for many years by the Lees with the adjoining manor of Hartwell, and is now the property of the Rev. Sir George Lee bart.
The parish church which was consecrated in 1273, retains some vestiges of the architecture of that period. The rectory was given by the Braci family to the priory of Oseney. By the act of parliament which passed for inclosing this parish in 1776, it appears that the Lees were entitled to the great tithes of Southwarp in Stone, and the earl of Chesterfield to those of the remainder of the parish. Allotments of land were then assigned to the impropriators and to the vicar, who was entitled to the tithes of hay. Sir George Lee is patron and incumbent of the vicarage.
Astronomical observatory
In 1839, John Lee and the Royal Astronomical Society jointly owned the advowson of the parish. They appointed amateur scientist and Fellow of the Royal Society, the Rev. Joseph Bancroft Reade as vicar. Reade served as incumbent until 1859, establishing a school and an astronomical observatory, and performing pioneering work in the early development of photography.
Village school
Stone Church of England Combined School is voluntary controlled, mixed primary school with approximately 180 pupils aged between four and eleven. The school's catchment area includes the nearby villages of Bishopstone and Hartwell, and children transfer to the school from Dinton Church of England School, at the age of seven. The school dates from 1871, but most of the present buildings date from 1973 when a major programme of building work provided a hall, new classrooms, a library, changing rooms, offices and an extended playground. The current headteacher is Debbie Morrison. In 2006 the school was judged to be "satisfactory" and a 2007 Monitoring Report identified "good progress" in improving the curriculum and teaching. In 2019 the school achieved a ‘Good' rating from Ofsted. In 2018 the school's Key Stage 2 results exceeded the England average.
St. John's Hospital
In the early 19th century an asylum (later known as St. John's Hospital) was opened in Stone for people with disabilities or mental illnesses. It was closed in 1991, and the vast expanse of land has since been given over to a new housing estate. All that remains are the staff houses and the grade-II asylum chapel.
World War II prisoner of war camp
During World War II, a Prisoner of War camp was located in Sedrup, a hamlet near Stone (Camp No. 36 Hartwell Dog Track).
The camp was known to house Italian prisoners from 1942 to 1946 and consisted mostly of tents with one hut. A 1946 RAF aerial photo of the site shows camp buildings at Grid reference SP797121 , on what is now the Meadoway housing estate adjacent to Sedrup Lane. Remains of the camp were still evident on the site in the 1950s.
References
History and topography of Buckinghamshire: comprising a general survey of the county, preceded by an epitome of the early history of Great Britain Author James Joseph Sheahan, Publisher Longman, Green, Longman, and Roberts, 1862, Stone pages 198–204 -
External links
Stone with Bishopstone and Hartwell Parish Council (SBHPC)
Stone Church of England Combined School
Parish Website (Parochial)
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Aylesbury Vale
TheVentures (더벤처스) is a venture fund based in Seoul, South Korea that makes seed investments (between $50,000 and $200,000) in Korean startups.
History
The firm was created in January 2014 by Vingle and Vicki co-founders Changseong Ho and Jiwon Moon. Taeguen Kim and Malcolm Collins have since joined as key management within the firm.
In 2014 and 2015, the company was ranked by a government-funded survey as the most desired source of funding in Korea by Angel stage entrepreneurs
References
Companies of South Korea
2014 establishments in South Korea
Companies based in Seoul
Financial services companies established in 2014
Monodiplos is a traditional dance from the area of Messenia in the Peloponnese. The dance is typically a Kalamatiano dance with two variations. There is a single step and a double step back variation that occurs in the dance. The song typically used in this dance is "Stin Apano Geitonia". This is cited in Evangelos Lambpropoulos research called "Horoi apo Messiniaki Gis" (2009) in Greek, Dances of Messenia.
Greek dances
Durack may refer to:
People
The Western Australian pioneer family
Patrick Durack (1834–1898), pastoralist
Michael Durack (1865–1950), pastoralist, son of Patrick
Mary Durack (1913–1994), historian, daughter of Michael
Elizabeth Durack (1915–2000), artist and writer, daughter of Michael
J. P. Durack (1888–1978), Australian lawyer also known as Roaring Jack Durack or Black Jack Durack
Peter Durack QC (1926-2008), Rhodes Scholar, lawyer. politician
Other people of that name
Ernest Durack (1882–1967), politician
Fanny Durack (1889–1956), swimmer
Lizzie Durack, footballer
Lucy Durack (born 1982), performer
Ray Durack, hurler
Séamus Durack, hurler
Places
Durack River
Durack, Northern Territory
Durack, Queensland
Other
Division of Durack, an electoral division in the state of Western Australia
See also
Durak
The 1922 Locomotive Cyclopedia of American Practice, published by Simmons-Boardman, is the most recent Locomotive Cyclopedia to be in the public domain. At 1141 pages of main text, plus indices, front matter, and other content, it is a substantially sized book. It is basically a combined catalog for all the major builders of railroad locomotives and associated equipment in North America. It contains photographs and scale drawings of several hundred locomotive types as examples of the locomotives that North American builders can produce, as well as chapters on all manner of locomotive components, appliances and equipment, with material provided by the major builders of such.
Picture gallery
Illustrations from the 1922 Locomotive Cyclopedia
References
Reference works in the public domain
Locomotives
Specialized encyclopedias
Minster railway station serves the village of Minster in Kent and surrounding villages. It is next to a junction between , and .
Facilities
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southeastern. On the Ramsgate-bound platform, there is a ticket machine offering a full range of tickets. The former booking office is still standing but no longer in use.
History
The station was opened on 13 April 1846 by the South Eastern Railway (SER) on the Ashford to Ramsgate (via Canterbury West) line. To the east is the junction station for the SER branch line to Deal via Sandwich - itself opened on 1 July 1847.
Originally there was no connection for trains running from Ramsgate SER Station to Deal and services were provided from a bay platform. Services from Sandwich and Deal terminated at Minster, where passengers then had to change trains for services towards Ramsgate. A connecting spur opened in October 1858 to resolve this issue.
Along with other stations along the line, electrification took place in 1962, with services beginning on 18 June. Goods services were withdrawn on 9 September 1963. A set of refuge sidings were retained, which closed later.
The station has had a number of names over its lifetime. It was renamed Minster Junction on 1 January 1852, then Minster Junction (Thanet) on 1 August 1901, Minster (Thanet) on 7 May 1945, and reverting to Minster around 1971.
Services
All services at Minster are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by trains to London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street via . In addition, a small number of services on the Kent coastline double run to serve and reverse at Minster between Ramsgate and and vice versa.
The station is also served by a single early morning service to London St Pancras International, operated by a EMU.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Thanet
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Railway stations in Kent
1846 establishments in England
Leila Ryzvanauna Ismailova (, ; born 28 July 1991) is a Belarusian journalist leading music TV programs, model of Azerbaijani ancestry. In particular, was hosted the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010, which was held in Minsk (together with Dzianis Kurian), Leila was the spokesperson of the Belarusian voting in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, and has been leading the national selection in Belarus for Eurovision 2012.
In 2006 Leila finished Lyceum of the Belarusian State University (history form), then they graduated from the Institute of Journalism of the Belarusian State University (audiovisual journalism, diploma with honour, the best alumna 2011).
References
External links
Грамчакова, В. Лейла Ісмаілава: «Мая намінацыя!» // Універсітэт. 2009. № 15 — 16.
Living people
1989 births
Aristotle University of Thessaloniki alumni
Belarusian people of Azerbaijani descent
Belarusian State University alumni
Belarusian television presenters
Journalists from Minsk
Belarusian women television presenters
Rutherglen Ladies Football Club was one of the earliest known women's association football teams in Scotland. English teams faced strong opposition by the Football Association (FA), who banned the women from using fields and stadiums controlled by FA-affiliated clubs in 1921. Scottish teams did not have this impediment between the wars and they played before thousands in matches that raised money for charities.
Origins
British teams could attract crowds of over 50,000.
FA ban (1921) and Scottish FA position
The popularity of women's team matches led the Football Association (FA) to ban women's football at its members' grounds on 5 December 1921. This ban applied only in England and the Scottish FA did not make a similar bar until 20 years later. However the Scottish FA refused requests by Scottish clubs Raith Rovers (Kirkcaldy), Aberdeen and Queen of the South (Dumfries) to host women's football matches in 1924 and 1925.
The resolution passed by the FA's Consultative Committee in England said that after complaints they had decided that the game was "unsuitable for females and should not be encouraged", that they believed that charity matches gave little to charity, and instructed that: "Clubs belonging to the Association refuse the use of their grounds for such matches".
Because of the ban, women's games in England were relegated to smaller capacity fields with less resources and exposure.
"World Champions"
Rutherglen Ladies was a team led by founder and manager James H. Kelly and based in Rutherglen near Glasgow. They played at grounds that were outside the remit of the FA's ban and they generally played matches in aid of charities. They were still able to appear at Scottish grounds and they attracted crowds of thousands.
In 1923 they were playing matches close to home at Lanark, Kilsyth, Linlithgow, Bellshill and Carluke against a team called the "Cinema Girls". They had a captain named Sadie Smith who was a skilful footballer.
In September 1923 Rutherglen played a match against the leading English side Dick, Kerr Ladies at Shawfield Park in Rutherglen. Unusually the Dick, Kerr team was beaten by the Scottish team 2–0. Kelly declared their team "World Champions" following the match. It is speculated that the defeat prevented any rematch as Kerr's team were expected to win their matches. The title of "World Champions" was still used in Dick Kerr's advertising and in 1925 Kerr's team was claiming to be World Champions from 1917 to 1925.
Rutherglen played at Dundee United's Tannadice Park in 1924 before a crowd of 4,000 spectators, demonstrating the SFA ban was not absolute. The account in the Dundee Courier singled out the performances of captain Sadie Smith and Ms. Crozier.
In 1927 Rutherglen went on a tour to Ireland. The team's captain was still Sadie Smith (who researchers later found was the grandmother of musician Eddi Reader) who led the team against an Irish select team whose star was Molly Seaton. The teams had already played four games against each other in Scotland (the fourth match was just over the border into England at Berwick) when the Irish team had been billed as being from Edinburgh.
The Rutherglen team was disbanded in 1939.
In popular culture
Following research into their history, in 2021 the Scottish Football Museum opened an exhibition dedicated to the Rutherglen club and celebrating how the team had defied the ban 100 years before. The exhibition was opened by leading footballer Rose Reilly, Vivienne McLaren of the Scottish Women's Football and Eddi Reader.
See also
Scottish Women's Football
British Ladies' Football Club
References
Further reading
Williams, Jean (2007), A Beautiful Game: International Perspectives on Women's Football''', Berg,
Williamson, David J. (1991), Belles of the Ball: Early History of Women's Football'', R&D Associates,
External links
Association football clubs established in 1921
Association football clubs disestablished in 1939
Sport in South Lanarkshire
1921 establishments in Scotland
Defunct football clubs in Scotland
Women's football clubs in Scotland
Rutherglen
1939 disestablishments in Scotland
Michela Luci (born May 19, 2006) is a Canadian actor from Ancaster, Ontario, most noted as the leading role of Dino Dana. They won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performer in a Children's, Family Viewing or Special Class Program at the 45th Daytime Emmy Awards, and is a two-time Canadian Screen Award nominee for Best Performance in a Children's or Youth Program or Series at the 6th Canadian Screen Awards in 2018 and the 7th Canadian Screen Awards in 2019. They also portrayed Tabby in the science fiction series Endlings, which premiered on January 5, 2020 on CBC Television in Canada and Hulu in the U.S.
Early life
Michela Luci was born in Hamilton, Ontario to mother Lucy Fricano. They attended Immaculate Conception School.
Career
Luci first gained recognition as a judge on YTV's Cook'd and went on to book the recurring role of Agent Orchid on the Emmy award-winning TVOKids and PBS Kids series Odd Squad. The series' creator Tim McKeon said they were "so impressed with [Luci's] talent and professionalism" saying they "always found them to be hardworking, courteous and well-prepared". Luci was nominated for Young Artist Awards twice for their work in Odd Squad, in 2015 and 2017. They and the cast of Odd Squad won a Joey Award in 2015. In 2016, Luci appeared in Odd Squad: The Movie as Agent Orchid. This marked their first theatrical appearance. In the same year, they also formed the all-girl group GEN:ZED (formerly GFORCE) with a group of friends from the Greater Toronto Area.
Luci and the other members of GFORCE auditioned for season 14 of America's Got Talent, singing their original song "Break the Banks". The group received four yeses from all four judges. Luci also voiced the titular protagonist in the Netflix original True and the Rainbow Kingdom. They then took on a voice acting role of Princess Flug in TVOKids and Nick Jr.'s Abby Hatcher. In 2018, they were nominated for two Young Entertainer Awards, a Daytime Emmy Award and a Canadian Screen Award for their work in True and the Rainbow Kingdom and Dino Dana. In 2019, season three of Dino Dana began airing. Luci was nominated for three awards for their work in Dino Dana including winning a Daytime Emmy Award and a Youth Media Alliance Award of Excellence. Luci was cast as Tabby on Hulu original Endlings. They star in Dino Dana: The Movie, released in September 2020 on Amazon Prime Video after originally slated to be released in early 2020 but was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Filmography
Films
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Michela Luci on Instagram
2006 births
Living people
Actresses from Hamilton, Ontario
America's Got Talent contestants
Canadian child actores
Canadian film actores
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian television actores
Canadian voice actores
Daytime Emmy Award winners
21st-century Canadian actores
Romanza is a 1991 music album by Andrea Bocelli, and its title track.
Romanza (Italian and Spanish, 'Romance') may also refer to:
Romance (music), a traditional music term, including a list of compositions entitled "Romance" or "Romanza"
Romanza (Sephardic music)
Romanza, a 2011 album by Jim Brickman
Romanza, a 2005 album by Liona Boyd
See also
Romansa (disambiguation)
Romance (disambiguation)
Romanza final, a 1986 biographic film about opera singer Julián Gayarre
Tom Harrell (born June 16, 1946) is an American jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist, composer, and arranger. Voted Trumpeter of the Year of 2018 by Jazz Journalists Association, Harrell has won awards and grants throughout their career, including multiple Trumpeter of the Year awards from Down Beat magazine, SESAC Jazz Award, BMI (Broadcast Music Incorporated) Composers Award, and Prix Oscar du Jazz. They received a Grammy Award nomination for their big band album, Time's Mirror.
Biography
Tom Harrell was born in Urbana, Illinois, United States, but moved to the San Francisco Bay Area at the age of five. They started playing trumpet at eight, and within five years they were playing gigs with local bands. In 1969 they graduated from Stanford University with a music composition degree and joined Stan Kenton's orchestra, touring and recording with them throughout 1969. Harrell pursued their musical career despite experiencing symptoms of schizophrenia since they were an adolescent.
After leaving Kenton, Harrell played with Woody Herman's big band (1970–1971), Azteca (1972), the Horace Silver Quintet (1973–1977), with whom they made five albums, the Sam Jones-Tom Harrell Big Band, the Lee Konitz Nonet (1979–1981), George Russell, and the Mel Lewis Orchestra (1981). From 1983 to 1989, they were a pivotal member of the Phil Woods Quintet and made seven albums with the group.
In addition, they performed with Vince Guaraldi on the Peanuts television specials You're Not Elected, Charlie Brown (1972), There's No Time for Love, Charlie Brown, A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving (both 1973) and It's a Mystery, Charlie Brown (1974).
Harrell also performed with Bill Evans, Dizzy Gillespie, Jim Hall, Ronnie Cuber, Bob Brookmeyer, Lionel Hampton, Bob Berg, Cecil Payne, Bobby Shew, Philip Catherine, , Joe Lovano, Charlie Haden's Liberation Orchestra, Charles McPherson, David Sánchez, Sheila Jordan, Jane Monheit, the King's Singers and Kathleen Battle among others. Harrell is featured on Bill Evans' final studio recording, We Will Meet Again, which won a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Jazz Performance, Group.
While Harrell recorded several albums as a leader during their tenure with the Phil Woods Quintet, it was after their departure that they started producing albums as a leader, in succession for Contemporary Records (now owned by Concord), Chesky, and RCA/BMG. During their years as a BMG artist (1996–2003) first with RCA, then Bluebird and finally Arista, Harrell made six albums, many of which feature their arrangements for larger groups. Since the early 1990s, Harrell has toured and performed with their own groups of various sizes and instrumentation.
Harrell is a prolific arranger and composer. They have arranged for Vince Guaraldi's work on Peanuts, Carlos Santana, the Metropole Orchestra, the Danish Radio Big Band, the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra, and Elisabeth Kontomanou with the , among others. Their compositions have been recorded by other jazz artists including Ron Carter, Kenny Barron, Art Farmer, Chris Potter, Tom Scott, Steve Kuhn, Kenny Werner and Hank Jones. Harrell's composition and big band arrangement entitled "Humility" was recorded on the Grammy-winning album by Arturo O'Farrill's Afro-Latin Jazz Orchestra, Song for Chico. As a composer and arranger, Harrell works in different genres, including classical music.
Tom Harrell Quintet
Since 1989 Harrell has led their own groups, usually quintets but occasionally expanded ensembles such as chamber orchestras with strings, and big bands. They have appeared at most major jazz clubs and festival venues, and recorded under their own name for such record labels as RCA, Contemporary, Pinnacle, Blackhawk, Criss Cross, SteepleChase, Chesky, and HighNote.
From 1994 to 1996, the quintet contained Don Braden, Kenny Werner, Larry Grenadier, and Billy Hart. From 2000 to 2005, it contained Jimmy Greene, Xavier Davis, Ugonna Okegwo, and Quincy Davis.
In contrast to their signature recordings during the RCA/BMG years (1996–2003), where much of their focus was on projects involving large ensembles, big bands and chamber orchestras, Harrell's more recent works demonstrate their skills as a leader of a tight, smaller unit. Harrell's later quintet of tenor saxophonist Wayne Escoffery, pianist Danny Grissett, bassist Ugonna Okegwo (who has performed with Harrell since 1997), and drummer Johnathan Blake, was noted for the strong chemistry between the musicians and the distinctive sound achieved primarily through Harrell's compositions. It recorded five albums for HighNote: Light On, Prana Dance, Roman Nights, The Time of the Sun, and Number Five. For the last of these, Harrell received their seventh SESAC Jazz Award.
Tom Harrell Chamber Ensemble
In June 2012, Harrell debuted their nine-piece chamber ensemble at the Highline Ballroom as part of the Blue Note Jazz Festival. Harrell arranged the music of Debussy, Ravel, and their own compositions for this ensemble, which consists of trumpet, soprano and tenor saxophones, c-flute and bass flute, violin, cello, acoustic guitar, piano, bass, and drums. The Tom Harrell Chamber Ensemble has since performed at the Village Vanguard, Autumn Jazz Festival in Bielsko Biala, the Jazz Standard, the Xerox Rochester International Jazz Festival, the Scripps Auditorium in San Diego, and Soka University Performing Arts Center in Aliso Viejo, CA. Harrell considers the arrangements and compositions some of the most challenging works they have written to date.
Colors of a Dream
In 2013, Harrell formed a piano-less sextet with two basses called Colors of a Dream, which comprises themselves on trumpet and flugelhorn, Wayne Escoffery on tenor saxophone, Jaleel Shaw on alto saxophone, Johnathan Blake on drums, Ugonna Okegwo on bass and Esperanza Spalding doubling on bass and vocal. The group debuted at the Village Vanguard during its six-night run starting March 26, 2013 and the second night's performance was webcast for live streaming by NPR. A studio album by the same name was released on October 22, 2013, for which Harrell received their eighth SESAC Jazz Awards the following year.
TRIP
Harrell also recorded with TRIP, a piano-less quartet featuring saxophonist Mark Turner, bassist Ugonna Okegwo and drummer Adam Cruz in 2013. The group first performed in Rochester, New York, and at the Jazz Standard during Dave Douglas' Festival of New Trumpet Music (FONT) in October 2012. Harrell premiered the suite with six sections they wrote specifically for this group. TRIP reconvened a year later at the Village Vanguard and made a studio recording the following week. The quartet released the self-titled album TRIP on August 12, 2014.
Publications
Harrell's work as composer and jazz soloist has been published in books by Hal Leonard, Jamey Aebersold, Sher Music, and Gerard and Sarzin.
Discography
As leader
Aurora (1976, reissued as Total, 1987)
Mind's Ear (1978)
Play of Light (Palo Alto, 1984)
Moon Alley (Criss Cross, 1985)
Sundance (1986)
Open Air (SteepleChase, 1987)
Stories (Contemporary, 1988)
Lonely Eyes (GRP, 1989)
Sail Away (Contemporary,1989)
Form (Contemporary, 1990)
Moon and Sand (Jazz Aux Remparts, 1991)
Visions (Contemporary, 1991)
Passages (Chesky, 1991)
Sail Away (Musidisc, 1992)
Upswing (Chesky, 1994)
Cape Verde (Mons, 1995)
Labyrinth (RCA Victor, 1996)
The Art of Rhythm (RCA Victor, 1998)
Time's Mirror (RCA Victor, 1999)
Paradise (RCA Victor, 2001)
Live at the Village Vanguard (Bluebird, 2002)
Wise Children (Bluebird, 2003)
The Auditorium Session (Parco Della Musica Records, 2005)
Light On (HighNote, 2007)
Prana Dance (HighNote, 2009)
Roman Nights (HighNote, 2010)
The Time of the Sun (HighNote, 2011)
Number Five (HighNote, 2012)
Colors of a Dream (HighNote, 2013)
TRIP (HighNote, 2014)
First Impressions (HighNote, 2015)
Something Gold, Something Blue (HighNote, 2016)
Moving Picture (HighNote, 2017)
Infinity (HighNote, 2019)
Oak Tree (HighNote, 2022)
As co-leader
With Art Farmer
The Company I Keep (Arabesque, 1994)
With John McNeil
Look to the Sky (SteepleChase, 1979)
With Dado Moroni
Humanity (Abeat Records, 2007)
As sideman
With Don Braden
The Time Is Now (Criss Cross, 1991)
With Gordon Brisker
Cornerstone (Sea Breeze, 1984)
With Donald Brown
People Music (Muse, 1990)
With Thomas Chapin
You Don't Know Me (Arabesque, 1995)
With Harold Danko
Coincidence (Dreamstreet, 1979)
With Bill Evans
We Will Meet Again (Verve, 1979)
With George Gruntz
Theatre (ECM, 1983)
With Charlie Haden
Dream Keeper (Verve, 1990)
The Montreal Tapes: Liberation Music Orchestra (Verve, 1999)
With Jim Hall
These Rooms (Denon, 1988)
With Ethan Iverson
Common Practice (ECM, 2019)
With Lee Konitz
Yes, Yes, Nonet (SteepleChase, 1979)
With Mike LeDonne
'Bout Time (Criss Cross, 1988)
The Feeling of Jazz (Criss Cross, 1990)
With Joe Lovano
Village Rhythm (Soul Note, 1988)
Quartets: Live at the Village Vanguard (Blue Note, 1994)
With Charles McPherson
First Flight Out (Araesque, 1994)
With Idris Muhammad
House of the Rising Sun (Kudu, 1976)
With Shinobu Itoh
Sailing Rolling (1991)
With Bob Mover
On the Move (Choice, 1978)
With Gerry Mulligan
Walk on the Water (DRG, 1980)
With Cecil Payne
Bird Gets the Worm (Muse, 1976)
With Horace Silver
Silver 'n Brass (Blue Note, 1975)
Silver 'n Wood (Blue Note, 1976)
Silver 'n Voices (Blue Note, 1976)
Silver 'n Percussion (Blue Note, 1977)
Silver 'n Strings Play the Music of the Spheres (Blue Note, 1979)
With Steve Swallow
Real Book (Xtra Watt, 1993)
With Phil Woods
Integrity (Red, 1984)
Gratitude (Denon, 1986)
Dizzy Gillespie Meets Phil Woods Quintet (Timeless, 1986)
Bop Stew (Concord, 1987)
Evolution (Concord, 1988)
Flash (Concord, 1989)
Bouquet (Concord, 1989)
See also
List of jazz arrangers
References
External links
Official website
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
American music arrangers
American jazz musicians
Mainstream jazz trumpeters
Post-bop trumpeters
American jazz trumpeters
American male trumpeters
1946 births
Living people
People from Urbana, Illinois
Chesky Records artists
Contemporary Records artists
Criss Cross Jazz artists
Palo Alto Records artists
RCA Records artists
SteepleChase Records artists
Jazz musicians from Illinois
People with schizophrenia
21st-century trumpeters
21st-century American male musicians
Fergus, a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore, was published in 1970, in the United States by Holt, Rinehart and Winston.
It tells the story of Fergus Fadden, a 39-year-old Irish-born writer living in California, who is haunted by ghosts from their past, including that of their father.
Moore's biographer, Patricia Craig, described it as "wholly original, and singularly diverting". Jo O'Donoghue says that, in Fergus, "Moore carries the theme of family influence to an extreme conclusion". George Woodcock, reviewing the novel for the quarterly journal Canadian Literature, said: "Fergus's nightmare is never less than convincing. The novel that bears their name is a masterpiece of the best kind of fantasy".
Quote
"Until now, they had thought that, like everyone else, they exorcised their past by living it. But they were not like everyone else. Their past had risen up this morning, vivid, uncontrollable, shouldering into their present."
(Fergus, Holt, Rinehart and Winston, p. 37)
References
1970 British novels
1970 Canadian novels
Ghosts in written fiction
Novels about writers
Novels by Brian Moore (novelist)
Novels set in Los Angeles County, California
Holt, Rinehart and Winston books
BattleTanx is a 1998 action game released for the Nintendo 64, produced by The 3DO Company. The game was followed by a 1999 sequel, titled BattleTanx: Global Assault.
Plot
In 2001, a virus has killed 99% of the female population of Earth. Various countries fight over each other's quarantine zones, and end up engaging in nuclear war, destroying much of civilization. The few remaining women (called Queenlords) are held by gangs who have taken over small pieces of the world. The main character, Griffin Spade, had their fiancée Madison taken away from Queens, New York by the U.S. government. Griffin ends up separated from their fiancée, and New York City is destroyed. They claim a tank for their own and sets out to cross the United States to find her, battling gangs as they reach their goal. After surviving the ruins of New York City, Griffin heads westward gaining recruits in the countryside, Chicago, Las Vegas, and San Francisco.
Gameplay
There are three tanks in the game for the player to choose from. The player can choose between a Moto Tank, M1A1 Abrams MBT, or the Goliath. There are 17 levels to complete in order to finish the single player game, all of which are filled with enemy tanks. Each level is located in a specific place in the United States, such as New York City, Chicago, Las Vegas, and San Francisco. The game features destructible environments, and in some cases, interactive environments.
In the game's multiplayer mode, players can battle with up to 4 players simultaneously. There are four different multiplayer configurations; Battlelord mode (equivalent to capture the flag), Deathmatch, Family Mode, and Annihilation.
Battlelord Capture the opponent's Queenlords.
Deathmatch The first to seven kills win.
Family Mode Deathmatch, but ammo cannot be switched, only used up.
Tank wars provide each competitor with five tanks, last survivor wins.
Levels
The first three levels all take place in New York City and involve Queens, Queens Midtown Tunnel, and Times Square. The Chicago stage takes place in Lake Shore Drive and State Street. The Las Vegas stage takes place on the world-famous Fremont Street. The San Francisco stages take place on the Golden Gate Bridge, The Wharf, and the fictional Q-Zone.
Reception
The Nintendo 64 version received favorable reviews, while the Game Boy Color version received unfavorable reviews, according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Next Generation said that the former console version was "fast [and] controls well, and it's got tanks blowing up everything in sight – sounds good to us."
Notes
References
External links
1998 video games
Action video games
Game Boy Color games
Nintendo 64 games
North America-exclusive video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Tank simulation video games
Video games set in Chicago
Video games set in New York City
Video games set in Nevada
Video games set in the Las Vegas Valley
Video games set in San Francisco
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
Lucky Chicken Games games
The National Grid Office or "NGO" is an entity in Singapore which was established on 2 January 2003 to fulfill the mission of the National Grid and promote the adoption of Grid computing in Singapore.
The National Grid has the mission of transforming Singapore into a nation where computer resources can be interconnected via a next-generation cyberinfrastructure that allows the sharing of computing resources in a secure, reliable, and efficient manner by authenticated users for education, commerce entertainment, R&D, and national security. It aims to improve the economic and technological competitiveness of the country.
References
2003 establishments in Singapore
Science and technology in Singapore
Scientific organisations based in Singapore
Marnitz Louis Boshoff (born 11 January 1989) is a South African rugby union player who usually plays as a fly-half or fullback. They play for the in Super Rugby, the in the Currie Cup and the in the Rugby Challenge, having previously played for South African provincial sides , the and the in the Currie Cup and for Super Rugby side the . They also had a short stint with Irish provincial side Connacht in the Pro14.
They played in a single test match for in 2014 and also featured for invitational side the Barbarians.
Rugby career
Youth rugby
Born in Nelspruit in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa, Boshoff is a graduate of Nelspruit Hoërskool and attended the University of Pretoria. They were part of the youth team of Nelspruit-based side the Pumas from 2005 to 2007, before joining the academy of the Pretoria-based Blue Bulls.
Blue Bulls
Boshoff first played at provincial level for the Blue Bulls, playing for them from 2009 to 2011 after coming through their youth side. During their time with the Blue Bulls, they played 24 times, scoring 130 points.
Griquas
In 2012, Boshoff moved to the Griquas. They spent one year there, making 13 appearances and scoring 37 points.
Golden Lions / Lions
They joined the for 2013.
They played in both legs of the ' promotion/relegation matches after the 2013 Super Rugby season, which saw to regain their spot in Super Rugby.
After a season that saw them finish as the top points scorer for the in the 2013 Currie Cup Premier Division, they were then included in the squad for the 2014 Super Rugby season and made their Super Rugby debut in a man-of-the-match performance in the opening match of the season, scoring all the Lions' points – including a last-minute drop goal – to help them beat the 21–20 in Bloemfontein.
They were the Golden Lions' first-choice fly-half during the 2014 and 2015 Currie Cup competitions, with the Lions reaching the final both times and winning the trophy in 2015, with Boshoff again finishing as the top points scorer.
Connacht
In March 2016, Irish Pro12 side Connacht announced that they secured Boshoff's services on a two-year contract.
Representative rugby
In May 2014, Boshoff was one of eight uncapped players that were called up to a Springbok training camp prior to the 2014 mid-year rugby union tests. Although not initially selected in the 36-man squad, Boshoff was called up to the squad when Damian de Allende suffered a knee ligament injury. They played off the bench against Scotland and scored their first points by converting a try.
They were chosen to represent the Barbarians to face Australia on 1 November 2014 at Twickenham. They came off the bench and scored two conversions and a try, but the Barbarians lost 36–40.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1989 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
Rugby union fullbacks
People from Mbombela
Rugby union players from Mpumalanga
Griquas (rugby union) players
Golden Lions players
Connacht Rugby players
Blue Bulls players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Afrikaner people
South Africa international rugby union players
Jelebu is a federal constituency in Jelebu District and Jempol District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Jelebu constituency has a total of 35 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
Urban is a ghost town in Custer County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
History
The town of Urban was named after the hope that it would become something "pertaining to a city"(i.e. comparable to a city).
References
Geography of Custer County, South Dakota
Ghost towns in South Dakota
The United States Navy enlisted warfare designations represent the achievement of a qualification and entitles the member to wear the associated insignia. When awarded in accordance with appropriate guidelines, enlisted sailors are authorized to place the designator in parentheses immediately after the member's rate abbreviation, for example, MM1(SW) Smith, HM2(CAC) Jones. In cases of multiple designators, the designators are separated by a slash enclosed in parentheses, for example, MM1(SW/AW) Smith, HM2(FMF/CAC) Jones. Although commissioned officers have warfare pins and designations, such as Surface Warfare Officer, they do not use warfare designators in their titles.
Aviation community
(AW) - Aviation Warfare Specialist
(CAC) - Marine Combat Aircrew
(NAWS) - Naval Aircrew Warfare Specialist
Surface Warfare community
(SW) - Surface Warfare Specialist
Undersea Warfare community
(SS) - Submarine Warfare Specialist (or "Qualified Submarine Specialist")
(SU) - "In training for submarine qualifications"
(SQ) - "Qualified in submarines, but not planned for future assignment to submarine duty."
(SG) - "Qualified in submarines, but not in submarine source rating; not detailed by the submarine community."
(SP) - "Previously assigned in submarines; assigned only to those personnel disqualified for submarine duty and serving in a submarine support billet; detailed by the submarine community, but not to be reassigned to submarine duty without prior approval of NAVPERSCOM."
(IUSS) - Integrated Undersea Surveillance System Specialist
(DSI) - Deep Submergence Insignia
Marine Corps support community
(CAC) - Marine Combat Aircrew
(FMF) - Fleet Marine Force Warfare Specialist
Parachutist community
(PJ) - Basic Parachutist or Navy and Marine Corps Parachutist
(FPJ) - Free Fall Parachutist
Special Operations community
(DV) - Diver - applies to personnel with Navy Enlisted Classifications:
5311 - Saturation Diver
5342/5931 - Diver First Class
5343/5932 - Diver Second Class
5345 - SCUBA Diver
HM-8493 - Medical Deep Sea Diving Technician
HM-8494 - Deep Sea Diving Independent Duty Corpsman
(MCD) - Marine Combatant Diver - applies to personnel with Navy Enlisted Classifications:
HM-8403 - Fleet Marine Force Reconnaissance Independent Duty Corpsman
HM-8427 - Fleet Marine Force Reconnaissance Corpsman
(MDV) - Master Diver - applies to personnel with Navy Enlisted Classifications:
5341/5933 - Master Diver
5346 - Master Saturation Diver
(DSW) - Diving Salvage Warfare Specialist
(EWS) - Explosive Ordnance Disposal Warfare Specialist
(EOD) - no longer used; see (EWS)
Special Warfare community
(SEAL) - Naval Special Warfare Specialist; a designator for Special Warfare Operator (SO) rating
(SWCC) - Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewmen; a designator for Special Warfare Boat Operator (SB) rating
Expeditionary Warfare community
(EXW) - Expeditionary Warfare Specialist
Construction community
(SCW) - Seabee Combat Warfare Specialist
(EXW) - Expeditionary Warfare Specialist
Information Warfare community
(IW) - Information Warfare Specialist
IDW was updated to IW in July 2016.
See also
United States Navy enlisted rate insignia
List of United States Navy ratings
Uniforms of the United States Navy
Badges of the United States Navy
List of Naval Officer Designators
United States Navy officer rank insignia
List of United States Navy staff corps (insignia)
Navy Enlisted Classification
References
External links
MILPERSMAN
Erdal Can Alkoçlar
United States Navy lists
Seán Tobin (born 18 December 1989) is an Irish hurling coach and former player. In a career that spanned three decades they lined out at club level with Murroe-Boher and at inter-county level with the Limerick senior hurling team.
Career
Murroe-Boher
After coming to hurling prominence as a student at CBS Sexton Street, Tobin later lined out in the Fitzgibbon Cup with the Limerick Institute of Technology while simultaneously joining Murroe-Boher's top adult club team. In 2017, they won a Premier Intermediate Championship title after top-scoring with 1-10 in a 1-21 to 1-15 replay defeat of Garryspillane. On 9 June 2021, Tobin announced their retirement from the club game at the age of 31 because of injury.
Limerick
Tobin first played for Limerick as a member of the minor team on 24 June 2007. They were held scoreless in a 0–12 to 3–21 Munster semi-final defeat by Tipperary. Over the following three years they were a regular with the Limerick under-21 team, however, their side enjoyed little success during that period.
Tobin made their senior debut for Limerick in a 2–09 to 0–06 league defeat of Clare on 13 February 2011. They became a regular throughout the group stage games and ended the campaign with a Division 2 winners' medal following a 4–12 to 2–13 defeat of Clare in the final. Tobin contributed 1-01 during that game.
On 12 June 2011 Tobin made their senior championship debut in a 3–15 to 3–14 Munster semi-final defeat by Waterford.
In 2013 Tobin won a Munster Championship medal following a 0–24 to 0–15 victory over Cork.
In March 2016 Tobin left the Limerick senior team citing a lack of game time under manager T. J. Ryan as their primary reason.
Career statistics
Honours
Murroe-Boher
Limerick Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship: 2017
Limerick
Munster Senior Hurling Championship: 2013
National Hurling League Division 2: 2011
References
1989 births
Living people
Murroe-Boher hurlers
Limerick inter-county hurlers
Sportspeople from Limerick (city)
Hurling coaches
Irish schoolteachers
Chuynli (, also Romanized as Chūynlī; also known as Chūnlī, Chīvīlī, and Chooli) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Retrospect Spur () is a spur, 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, descending north-northwest from the base of Separation Range into the east side of Hood Glacier. So named by the New Zealand Alpine Club Antarctic Expedition (1959–60) because they climbed the spur to obtain a panorama of Hood Glacier, which they had just traversed. The outcropping Chevron Rocks are located at the north end of Retrospective Spur.
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
This is a list of notable people from Fremantle, Western Australia. They may have been born there or have been resident there at some time.
A
William Angwin (1863–1944), politician; Deputy Premier of Western Australia
Tahnee Atkinson (1992–), model; winner of the fifth cycle of Australia's Next Top Model
B
Craig Barnett (1974–), model; crowned Mr Australia in 2007
Bill Bateman (1866–1935), Australian rules footballer and cricketer; inaugural captain of the Fremantle Football Club
Tom Bateman (1922-2003), politician
Walter Bateman (1826–1882), merchant; member of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Neville Beard (1936–), Australian rules footballer; Sandover Medal winner
Kim Edward Beazley (1917–2007), politician; served as Father of the House in the Whitlam Government
K. A. Bedford (1963–), science fiction novelist; two-time Aurealis Award winner
Marcus Beilby (1951–), artist; Sulman Prize winner for their 1987 work Crutching the Ewes (homage to Shearing the Rams)
Phillip Bennett (1928–), General; served as Chief of the Australian Defence Force and Governor of Tasmania
Trevor Bickle (1943–), pole vaulter; won gold at the 1962 and 1966 Commonwealth Games
Emma Booth (1982–), actor and model; starred in the television series Cloudstreet and Underbelly: The Golden Mile
Ron Bowe (1939–), Australian rules footballer and cricketer
Ernest Bromley (1912–1967), cricketer; first Western Australian to play test cricket for Australia
John Butler (1975–), musician; frontman of roots and jam band the John Butler Trio
C
Martyn P. Casey (1960–), musician; bassist of The Triffids, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds and Grinderman
Martin Cattalini (1973–), basketball player; played for the Perth Wildcats and Adelaide 36ers in the NBL
Fred Chaney, Sr. (1914–2001), politician
James Condon (1923–2014), actor
Robin Corbett, Baron Corbett of Castle Vale (1933–2012), politician
D
Arthur Davies
Edward William Davies
Jordi Davieson (1993–) lead singer and guitarist of the indie pop band San Cisco
Jack Davis (1917–2000), playwright and poet; referred to as the 20th century's Aboriginal Poet Laureate
Charles Dempster (1839–1907), politician
Archer Denness (1914–1997), soldier
Natalie D-Napoleon (1972–), singer-songwriter
George Doig (1913–2006), Australian rules footballer; Australian Football Hall of Fame inductee
Brett Dorey (1977–), cricketer
Jon Dorotich (1962–), Australian rules footballer
Kenneth Charles Duncan (1898-1983), Modernist architect and first West Australian Federal President of the Royal Australian Institute of Architects
Ross Dunkerton (1945–), rally driver; five-time Australian Rally Championship winner
E
Hughie Edwards (1914–1982), military pilot and politician; most highly decorated Australian serviceman of World War II
Ringer Edwards (1913–2000), soldier; basis for the character Jean Paget in Nevil Shute's 1950 novel A Town Like Alice
Ben Elton
Bob Evans (1976–), musician; lead singer and guitarist of the alternative rock band Jebediah
F
Graham Farmer (1935–2019), Australian rules footballer; first Australian footballer to receive a Queen's honour (MBE, 1971)
John Fischer (1947–), politician
Robert Fletcher
David Francisco (1841–1888), explorer; member of the La Grange expedition
David Franklin (1962–), actor; starred in the television series Farscape and Xena: Warrior Princess
G
Anna Gare (1969–), musician and television personality
Alex George (1939–), botanist; authority on the plant genera Banksia and Dryandra
David Gibson (1967–), politician; Queensland's Minister for Police and Community Safety
Brian Greig (1966–), politician
George Grljusich (1939–2007), Australian rules footballer and journalist
H
John Halden (1954–), politician; member of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Paul Hasluck (1905–1993), historian, poet and politician; 17th Governor-General of Australia
Kevin Healy
William Heseltine (1930–), civil servant; former Private Secretary to Queen Elizabeth II
Edward Higham (1846–1885), politician; member of the Western Australian Legislative Council
John Higham
Russell Hobby (1933–), fencer; competed at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics
David Holmgren
Ralph Honner (1904–1994), soldier; commander of the 39th and 2/14th Battalions in World War II
Rusty Hopkinson (1964–), musician; drummer of the alternative rock band You Am I
John Hughes
I
Alex Isle (1963–), author
J
Glen Jakovich (1973–), Australian rules footballer; Australian Football Hall of Fame inductee
Carlisle Jarvis (1906–1979), Australian rules footballer
Frank Jenkins (1918–1987), Australian rules footballer
Courtney Johns (1984–), Australian rules footballer
David Jones (1955–), football (soccer) player
K
Samantha Kerr (1993–), football (soccer) player; midfielder for Australia national women's football team (the Matildas)
Theo Koning (born 1950 in the Netherlands) is a Western Australian painter, sculptor, printmaker and art teacher. Theo Koning's works have gained extensive representation in art galleries throughout Australia, including the National Gallery of Australia.[5][6][7]
L
Simone Lazaroo (1961–), author
William T. Leighton (1905–1990), architect
Ewen Leslie (1980–), actor
Edgar Lewis
William Lewis
Joan London (1948–), author
Luc Longley (1969–), basketball player; first Australian to play in the NBA
Vince Lovegrove (1948–2012), journalist and musician; member of The Valentines and manager of rock group Divinyls
Niall Lucy
Simon Lyndon (1971–), actor; AFI award winner for their role in the 2000 film Chopper
M
Stuart MaCleod (1977–), musician; guitarist of the alternative rock band Eskimo Joe
Dee Margetts (1955–), politician; Greens representative in the Australian Senate
William Marmion (1845–1896), politician; member of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Denis Marshall
Bill Mather-Brown (1936–), Paralympic table tennis player
Isabel McBryde
John McGrath (1947–), politician
William Albany McKenzie
Paul Mercurio (1963–), dancer and actor; star of the 1992 film Strictly Ballroom
Haviland Le Mesurier
J. J. Miller (1933–), jockey and horse trainer
Newton Moore (1870–1936), politician; 8th Premier of Western Australia
Sally Morgan (1951–), artist and author
N
Bernie Naylor (1923–1993), Australian rules footballer; West Australian Football Hall of Fame inductee
Tim Neesham (1979–), water polo player; competed at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics
Brad Ness
Paul Nicholls (1946–2009), Australian rules footballer and cricketer
P
Kevin Parker (1986–), musician; frontman of psychedelic rock band Tame Impala
William Silas Pearse
Michael Petkovic (1976–), football (soccer) player; goalkeeper for Melbourne Victory
Andy Petterson (1969–), football (soccer) player
Billie Pitcheneder
Spike Pola (1914–2012), Australian rules footballer
Alan Preen (1935–), Australian rules footballer and cricketer
Q
R
Alan Rawlinson
Kate Raynes-Goldie
S
Frederick Samson (1892–1974), business person and politician; long-term Mayor of Fremantle
Lionel Samson (1799–1879), business person; founder of Lionel Samson & Son, Australia's oldest continuing family business
Bon Scott (1946–1980), musician; lead singer of the hard rock band AC/DC
Kim Scott (1957–), novelist; two-time Miles Franklin Award winner
George Seddon (1927–2007), academic; popularised the phrase sense of place in their 1972 book of the same name
Alan Seymour (1927–), author and playwright; writer of the 1958 play The One Day of the Year
Jack Sheedy (1926–), Australian rules footballer; Australian Football Hall of Fame inductee
Craig Silvey (1982–), novelist and musician; author of the 2009 novel Jasper Jones
Jon Sivewright (1965–), actor; starred in the television series Home and Away
Billy Smith
Trevor Sprigg (1946–2008), Australian rules footballer and politician
Bill Stephen
Patrick Stone
Harry Strickland
Herbert Styants
Peter Sumich (1968–), Australian rules footballer
T
Peter Tagliaferri (1960–), politician; Mayor of Fremantle
Shaun Tan (1974–), illustrator and author
Kavyen Temperley (1978–), musician; lead singer and bassist of the alternative rock band Eskimo Joe
Carus Thompson (1976–), musician; frontman of the roots and folk band Carus and The True Believers
Ron Thompson
Frank Treasure (1925–1998), Australian rules footballer; West Australian Football Hall of Fame inductee
U
V
W
Jay Watson (1990–), multi-instrumentalist and psychedelic rock musician
Scott Watters (1969–), Australian rules footballer; ex coach of the St Kilda Football Club
David Whish-Wilson (1966–), author
Aaron Whitchurch
Laurie Wilkinson
Daryl Williams (1942–), politician
Dixie Willis (1941–), runner; won gold at the 1962 Commonwealth Games, breaking the 800 metres world record
Tim Winton (1960–), author; four-time Miles Franklin Award winner
Edward Wittenoom (1854–1936), politician
Barrington Wood
Garnet Wood
Graeme Wood (1956–), Australian rules footballer and cricketer
Kevin Wright (1953–), cricketer
X
Y
Henry Yelverton (1854–1906), politician; member of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Z
Carla Zampatti (1942–2021), fashion designer; emigrated to Fremantle from Italy in 1950
See also
List of Australians
References
Fremantle
Fremantle
Luis Jesús Fernández de Córdoba y Salabert, 17th Duke of Medinaceli, GE (16 January 1880 – 13 July 1956), was a Spanish nobleman and distinguished hunter. They were born the world's most titled person since their father, the 16th Duke, had died months before in a hunting accident. They were 11 times a duke, 17 a marquess, 15 a count and 4 a viscount.
Early life
Born as the only son of the 16th Duke of Medinaceli, Luis María Fernández de Córdoba y Pérez de Barradas, and their second wife Casilda Remigia de Salabert y Arteaga, 9th Marchioness of Torrecilla. They were baptised the day after their birth in the parish church of San Luis Obispo of Madrid. They were born posthumously to their father, who had died in a hunting accident some months earlier and as such they assumed the historical titles of the House of Medinaceli from birth.
Their mother, who would become the 11th Duchess of Ciudad Real in their own right, remarried the politician Mariano Fernández de Henestrosa, 1st Duke of Santo Mauro, in 1884. Through them, Luis was a half brother to Rafael and Casilda Fernández de Henestrosa.
Marriage and issue
In 1911, they married Ana María Fernández de Henestrosa y Gayoso de los Cobos, lady-in-waiting of Queen Ena, daughter of the 8th Count of Moriana del Río, a Gentilhombre Grandee of Alfonso XIII. The ceremony took place in Madrid.
From their first marriage they had two daughters:
Victoria Eugenia Fernández de Córdoba y Fernández de Henestrosa, 18th Duchess of Medinaceli (Madrid, April 16, 1917 - Seville, August 18, 2013)
María de la Paz Fernández de Córdoba y Fernández de Henestrosa (Madrid, January 22, 1919 - Alcalá de los Gazules, October 3, 1998), who would become the 16th Duchess of Lerma in 1957
In 1938 their first wife Ana María died. They remarried on December 22, 1939, with María de la Concepción Rey de Pablo Blanco, with which they had a daughter:
Casilda Fernández de Córdoba y de Pablo Blanco (Madrid, 1941 - Córdoba, April 19, 1998), 20th Duchess of Cardona
Later life
In 1929, they were granted the Order of the Golden Fleece by Alfonso XIII. The collar they had been bestowed with had once belonged to Louis Bonapart, Napoleon's younger brother.
They inherited their fondness for hunting and horse-riding from their grandmother Angela Pérez de Barradas y Bernuy, 1st Duchess of Denia and Tarifa — titles that they also held when their uncle Carlos María Fernández de Córdoba died. They were an indefatigable traveler, at the same time that they carried out numerous investigations, especially in the field of falconry, and founded the Spanish Museum of Trophy Hunting. In 1927 they were elected a member of the Royal Academy of Exact, Physical and Natural Sciences; Their entrance speech was about birds of prey in falconry.
Considered one of the main exponents of big-game hunting in Europe, the duke made expeditions to British East Africa (1908-1909) and the North Pole (1910, 1921). In addition, they wrote numerous publications on hunting and nature, and in their palace in Madrid they founded a museum of natural history, the collection of which had to be transferred to the Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in 1936.
After suffering a myocardial infarction, Luis Fernández de Córdoba died on July 13, 1956 in the now disappeared Palace of the Duke of Uceda in Madrid.  They are buried in the Basilica of Jesús de Medinaceli in Madrid.
Titles and styles
Titles
Dukedoms
17th Duke of Medinaceli (GE)
15th Duke of Alcalá de los Gazules (GE)
3rd Duke of Denia (GE)
13th Duke of Camiña (GE)
19th Duke of Cardona (GE)
12th Duke of Ciudad Real (GE)
17th Duke of Feria (GE)
15th Duke of Lerma (GE)
7th Duke of Santisteban del Puerto (GE)
8th Duke of Segorbe (GE)
3rd Duke of Tarifa (GE)
Marquessates
13th Marquess of Alcalá de la Alameda
13th Marquess of Aitona (GE)
15th Marquess of Cogolludo
16th Marquess of Comares
18th Marquess of Denia
10th Marquess of Navahermosa
16th Marquess of las Navas
13th Marquess of Malagón
14th Marquess of Montalbán
19th Marquess of Pallars
16th Marquess of Priego (GE)
12th Marquess of Solera
18th Marquess of Tarifa
10th Marquess of Torrecilla (GE)
18th Marquess of Villa Real
14th Marquess of Villafranca
14th Marquess of Villalba
Countships
18th Count of Alcoutim
51st Count of Ampurias
12th Count of Aramayona
23rd Count of Buendía
19th Count of Cocentaina
15th Count of Castellar
18th Count of Risco
18th Count of los Molares
18th Count of Medellín
7th Count of Ofalia
21st Count of Osona
25th Count of Prades
16th Count of Santa Gadea (GE)
16th Count of Valenza y Valladares
13th Count of Villalonso
Viscountcies
45th Viscount of Bas
43rd Viscount of Cabrera
11th Viscount of Linares
41st Viscount of Vilamur
Styles
16 January 188012 July 1956: The Most Excellent The Duke of Medinaceli
Selected works
Diario de mi viaje alrededor del mundo en 1907, 1915
Catálogo de aves europeas de mi colección, 1915
Cómo cacé la jirafa de mi colección venatoria, 1915
Expedición ártica en el verano de 1910, 1919
Notas sobre la cacería en el África oriental inglesa, 1919
Ballenas, focas y similares, 1924
Aves de rapiña y su caza, 1927
Expedición ártica en el verano de 1921, 1929
La profecía de la bruja, 1940
El elefante en la Ciencia, la Mitología, la Tradición y la Historia, 1941
Breve historial de las armas de caza, 1942
La caza de las aves de rapiña, 1942
El alce y su caza, 1943
Las aves de rapiña en la cetrería, 1943
Arms
Ancestors
See also
List of Famous Big Game Hunters
References
1880 births
1956 deaths
117
Grandees of Spain
Southfield-Lathrup High School was a senior high school in Lathrup Village, Michigan, United States. It was the second oldest of three high schools in the Southfield Public Schools district, the oldest being Southfield High School, and the youngest being University High School Academy.
Southfield-Lathrup High School was well known for its extensive and well-supported music program. It was also known locally for its girls' basketball team State Title in 2005.
History, milestones, and awards
Southfield-Lathrup High School (SLHS) opened in 1967 to accommodate the growing Southfield and Lathrup Village populations. SLHS opened with the 1967-68 school year, accommodating Freshmen and Sophomores only from Birney Junior High School, one of four junior high schools in Southfield. Adding a Freshman class in each of the following two school years, 1968–69 and 1969–70, it graduated its first Senior class in 1970. Located in Lathrup Village, the high school was part of the Southfield Public School District.
Southfield-Lathrup High School closed at the end of the 2015-16 school year, and its students were divided between Southfield High School and University High School Academy, which moved into Lathrup's campus. Berkley High School, Groves High School, Shrine Catholic High School and Oak Park High School were also expected to receive some Southfield-Lathrup students.
Dress code
Beginning with the 2005–2006 school year, a dress code was instituted at the high school level, finalizing the process of bringing all of the Southfield Public Schools district under a dress code policy. All members of the board supported the measure and voted aye, except for Trustee Karen Miller. Ms. Miller voted no because they didn't feel that there was enough input from students in the development of the dress code.
Campus
The campus consists of the main building, a soccer field, a football field, and various parking lots. Students park in the west parking lot. The building is divided into several distinct zones called "houses."
A, B, C, and D Wing
Four two-story wings contain most of the school's classrooms. Oddly, the second floors of these wings are not attached to each other. A and B wings are located toward the front of the school, facing Twelve Mile Road. C and D wings are located toward the rear of the building.
A House contains the Charger Cafe, which sells food items and Southfield-Lathrup-related memorabilia.
B House contains most of the science labs and the Medical and Natural Sciences Academy.
C House contains the Career Center and the majority of the math department.
D House contains the counseling office and the weight training rooms.
G House
G House contains the Arts and Communications Academy, Band Room, Choir Room, Piano Laboratory, Art Studios, Dance Studios, and the auditorium. Southfield-Lathrup's auditorium is equipped with a full sized stage, dressing room, costume room, lighting, and sound equipment. Every year, Lathrup's drama department produces a fall play and a spring musical. The spring musical typically includes Lathrup's dance and music departments.
Extracurricular activities
Newspaper – The Charger Chronicle
Yearbook – The Synthesis
Art Club
Gay-Straight Alliance
Embrace The Difference
Lathrup's Lovely Ladies
Southfield-Lathrup High School Marching Band "Marching Chargers"
Chess Club
DECA
Fashion Club
Student Congress
National Honor Society, http://www.southfield.k12.mi.us/education/club/club.php?sectionid=1511
Scholars Plus
Graduates "Distinguished Scholars" from the Southfield Public School System
Spanish Club
French Club
Intramural Sports Program
Anime Club
Curriculum
Academy learning
Southfield-Lathrup Senior High School is home to two of four Academies serving the Southfield Public Schools district, specifically the Medical and Natural Sciences Academy and the Arts and Communications Academy. Both academies have separate entry requirements from the mainstream curriculum. Most students apply at the end of their tenth grade year and take classes in their eleventh and twelfth grade years. The other two academies are the Engineering & Manufacturing Sciences Academy and the Global Business & Information Technology Academy, are located at Southfield High School
Medical and Natural Sciences Academy
Courses offered:
IB Biology
IB Chemistry
Health Careers & Health Skills Training
Anatomy and Physiology
Biotechnology
Arts and Communications Academy
Courses offered:
Vocal Music
Piano
Creative Writing
Dance Technique/Dance Company
Play Production
Visual Animation Lab
Acting
TV Production
Yearbook
School Newspaper
Orchestra
The Louise Ward Memorial Scholarship was established in 2001 for Southfield-Lathrup Students for continued studies in vocal music. The Fund was initiated by alumni of the Southfield Lathrup High School Madrigal Singers in grateful memory of Louise Ward who was, at once, their teacher, mentor, role model, and friend.
The Academy also won the 2000 GRAMMY signature award.
Advanced placement options
Southfield-Lathrup High also offers Advanced Placement (AP) courses in several different subjects including:
United States History
United States Government & Politics
Biology
Calculus
Physics
Environmental Science
Chemistry
Spanish Language
English Language and Composition
English Literature and Composition
In recent years, Southfield-Lathrup High School also offered Advanced Placement Physics, Statistics, European History, Spanish, and French. Though these courses aren't offered, students are encouraged to independently study the subject material and take the test.
Summer reading program
All Southfield-Lathrup High students are required to read books from a preselected list over the summer. Honors and AP English students receive more books to read than other students. AP United States History Students are also given summer reading.
Beginning the summer of 2006, all summer reading work was required to be submitted through mydropbox.com, an online plagiarism screening service.
Notable alumni
Willie Beavers, professional football player
Mike Chappell, c/o 1996, international professional basketball player.
Daniel Gilbert, owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers, founder of Quicken Loans
Jon Glaser, c/o 1986, actor, comedian, and TV writer/producer.
Mark Howe, retired NHL defenseman
Marty Howe, former professional ice hockey player
Jason Jones, c/o 2004, professional American football player for the Detroit Lions
Eric Lefkofsky, 1987, internet entrepreneur and co-founder of Groupon.
Devyn Marble (born 1992), basketball player for Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Steven Pitt (psychiatrist)
Michael Stone, retired safety for the New England Patriots and New York Giants.
References
External links
Southfield Lathrup Senior High School Alumni
Public high schools in Michigan
Southfield, Michigan
Educational institutions established in 1968
Educational institutions disestablished in 2016
High schools in Oakland County, Michigan
1968 establishments in Michigan
2016 disestablishments in Michigan
Luca Kerber (born 10 March 2002) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Saarbrücken.
Career
Kerber played for the youth team of SSV Pachten, before joining the academy of 1. FC Saarbrücken in 2016. They made their professional debut for Saarbrücken's first team in the 3. Liga on 9 January 2021, starting in an away match against SV Meppen, which finished as a 1–0 loss.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
People from Saarlouis (district)
Footballers from Saarland
German footballers
Association football midfielders
3. Liga players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Colpocleisis is a procedure involving closure of the vagina.
It is used to treat vaginal prolapse.
In older women who are no longer sexually active a simple procedure for reducing prolapse is a partial colpocleisis. The procedure was described by 'Le Fort' and involves the removal of strip of anterior and posterior vaginal wall, with closure of the margins of the anterior and posterior wall to each other. This procedure may be performed whether or not the uterus and cervix are present. When it is completed, a small vaginal canal exists on either side of the septum, produced by the suturing of the lateral margins of the excision.
See also
Vaginectomy
Vaginal atresia
Notes
References
Gynecological surgery
Female genital modification
Yoro is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It was named after the town of Yoro in Honduras in 1976.
Yoro lies within a ring of hills that are probably the remnants of a larger crater that has become buried and eroded. The larger crater Libertad is west of Yoro.
References
Oxia Palus quadrangle
Impact craters on Mars
Nonny is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Nonny Hogrogian (born 1932), Armenian-American writer and illustrator
Nonny de la Peña, American pioneer in virtual reality
Nonny, a character from the American animated television series Bubble Guppies.
See also
Noni (disambiguation)
Nonnie
Marshall Road is an east-west road in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia. It is continuous with Beach Road.
Route description
Marshall Road starts off at a roundabout with Isodoon Street and Dayton Boulevard in a suburban development in Dayton. From there, it heads west as a four lane dual carriageway with a speed limit of . later, Marshall Road intersects with Drumpellier Drive. Approximately after that, Marshall Road turns into a two lane single carriageway with a speed limit of . The road becomes somewhat rural in character, as it passes between paddocks in Bennett Springs. The road passes over Bennett Brook before intersecting with Altone Road. On the north side of the road is Whiteman Park, and on the south side of the road is the residential area of Bennett Springs. after that intersection is the intersection with Beechboro Road North. Just before that intersection, the speed limit of Marshall Road changes to , and just after that intersection, Marshall Road changes back into a four lane dual carriageway.
after Beechboro Road North, Marshall Road passes over Tonkin Highway as a flyover. There is a slight kink in the road as the bridge was constructed slightly north of the former alignment of Marshall Road. Just past there, the road bends to the south, and enters the Malaga industrial area. The road then bends to the west before arriving at an roundabout with Guadalupe Drive. Heading north from the roundabout leads to the residential area of Ballajura, and heading south enters the carparks of businesses along Marshall Road. From there, a frontage road runs alongside Marshall Road on both sides, giving access to businesses along the road. Marshall Road continues west, arriving at a traffic light controlled intersection with Bellefin Drive later. Heading north on Bellefin Drive also leads to Ballajura. Marshall Road then bends north and then west, coming to a roundabout with Business Way and Trade Road, two local roads. Marshall Road terminates after there, at a traffic light controlled intersection with Malaga Drive and Beach Road. Beach Road continues west for another through the northern suburbs of Perth.
History
Marshall Road was originally constructed as an unsealed track in the 1950s or 1960s. In the 1970s, it was sealed. However, it was still a minor road on the outskirts of Perth. The area around the road gradually started to be developed in the 1990s, and is continuing to this day.
In the late 1990s, Lord Street was extended south of Marshall Road. This involved a small realignment of Marshall Road. Marshall Road was also realigned approximately south in Malaga during the late 1990s, including a partial upgrade to dual carriageway between Beach Road and Bellefin Drive. In 2002, Altone Road was connected to Marshall Road. Between 2006 and 2008, Marshall Road was duplicated between Bellefin Drive and Beechboro Road North. Between 2008 and 2010, the eastern terminus of Marshall Road was converted into a roundabout, as a result of the area getting busier due to suburban development.
In August 2010, construction started on extending Hepburn Avenue south from its previous terminus to Marshall Road. It was planned to be finished in April 2011, but it was delayed. Eventually, it opened in June 2012. In February 2018, the intersection of Marshall Road and Hepburn Avenue was permanently closed to make way for the extension of Tonkin Highway as part of the NorthLink WA project. As part of that project, a bridge was constructed to carry Marshall Road over Tonkin Highway. The bridge was built just north of the existing Marshall Road alignment, so that the road could remain open during construction. The bridge opened in November 2018 as a two lane single carriageway, and as a four lane dual carriageway in April 2019.
In 2018 and 2019, as part of the New Lord Street project, a small portion of Marshall Road was rebuilt on a new alignment as a four lane dual carriageway, and a new intersection was built with New Lord Street, later called Drumpellier Drive. Various closures of this part of Marshall Road occurred during this time.
Future
The Morley-Ellenbrook railway line is going to be constructed partially along the north side of Marshall Road between Beechboro Road North and Drumpellier Drive.
Junction list
See also
List of major roads in Perth, Western Australia
References
Roads in Perth, Western Australia
Mevlevi Tekke Museum is a tekke in Nicosia, Cyprus, currently in North Nicosia. It has historically been used by the Mevlevi Order and now serves as a museum. It is one of the most important historical and religious buildings in the island. It is located next to the Kyrenia Gate, on Girne Avenue, in the İbrahimpaşa quarter.
History
Functioning as a tekke
It is traditionally held that the building was built in the early 17th century, on a piece of land donated by a landlady called Emine Hatun. This Emine Hatun hailed from the village of Kyra, where they owned a farm. It is rumoured by the locals that they are buried in a grave without any inscriptions, located to the northeast of the tomb in the tekke. According to another view, the tekke is located on land donated by Arab Ahmed Pasha and Haydar Paşazade Fatma Hanım. According to the Evkaf Administration, the tekke was initially built in 1593 by Arab Ahmed Pasha on a plot of land owned by them and then enlarged into a complex using land donated by Emine Hatun.
According to documents from Ottoman archives from 1593, a mevlevi tekke named after Arab Ahmed Pasha, built on a plot of land donated by him, was built near Kyrenia Gate. This tekke was ruined by 1607 and Ferhad Pasha built a mevlevi tekke on its foundations and named it after them in 1607. The present-day tekke is a continuation of this one. A document from 1857 mentions the addition of an administrative building to the tekke, which oversaw the needs of the poor at the time. The sheikh of the tekke was under the jurisdiction of the central administration in Konya, while Kutup Osman Tekke in Famagusta, Mehmet Bey Ebubekir Tekke and Mehmet Buba Tekke in Paphos and Piri Osman Tekke in Limassol were amongst the ones responding to Nicosia. As of 1873, there were 36 members of the tekke and rituals were conducted on Sundays.
When tekkes in Turkey were closed as a part of Atatürk's Reforms in 1925, some in the Turkish Cypriot community demanded the closure of the tekke. However, the British disregarded this, and as the centre of the Mevlevi Order had moved from Konya to Aleppo, it decided to appoint Syrian sheikhs. The first such sheikh was Muhammed Selim Dede from Damascus, appointed on 6 December 1933 and paid £48 by the colonial government, in the place of Mehmed Celâleddin Efendi, who had died in 1931. Selim Dede would hold this position until their death on 9 December 1953 and was replaced by Hafız Şefik Efendi. However, as those who were appointed after Selim Dede were either workers or civil servants who could not serve as sheikh continually, the tekke ceased operation in 1954, with the Mevlevi Order in Cyprus officially ceasing to exist on 15 April 1956, with the handover of Evkaf Administration to the Turkish Cypriot community.
List of sheikhs
The following incomplete list of sheikhs of the tekke was compiled by archaeologist Tuncer Bağışkan, according to the mentions in Ottoman archives:
Saadeddin İbn Muharrem (1607)
Siyahi Mustafa Dede (?–1710)
El-Haç Mehmet Sadri Dede (1719–?)
Hızır Dede (Handi Dede) Efendi (?–1727)
Mehmet Arif Dede (1727–1765)
Seyid Abdullah Dede (1765)
Mustafa Dede (1765–1766)
Feyzullah Dede (1813–1850/51)
Mustafa Safvet Efendi (1850/51–1857)
Konyalı Şeyh Derviş Ali Dede (29 April 1857–9 December 1860)
Mustafa Safvet Efendi (9 December 1860–1894)
Şeyh Mehmet Celâleddin Efendi (20 September 1893–22 September 1931)
Şamlı Selim Dede (6 December 1933–9 December 1953)
Hafız Şefik Efendi
Architecture
The building is an important example of Ottoman architecture in the urban fabric of Nicosia. The current surviving buildings are the semahane, used for the whirling rituals of sama, the tomb, and a few rooms to the east of the semahane, along with a small backyard. The initial tekke contained rooms for dervishes, guestrooms, a kitchen, a well dated to the Venetian times and a large garden with fruit trees, but these buildings were ruinous by the 1950s and demolished to make room for Vakıflar Pasajı, a business centre. The garden was also mostly taken up by this new building.
References
Museums in Cyprus
Mevlevi Order
Stephen Nicholas Warman (born 24 August 1967) is a former English cricketer. Warman was a right-handed batsman. They were born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire.
Warman made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1987 Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire. Warman played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1987 to 2001, which included 100 Minor Counties Championship matches and 24 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Gloucestershire in the 1990 NatWest Trophy. They played 8 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Berkshire in the 1st round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, which was held in 2001. In their 9 matches, they scored 195 runs at an average of 24.37, with a high score of 39.
References
External links
Stephen Warman at ESPNcricinfo
Stephen Warman at CricketArchive
1967 births
Living people
Cricketers from Lincoln, England
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Waldemar Matuška (; July 2, 1932 – May 30, 2009) was a Czechoslovak singer who became popular in their homeland during the 1960s and 1970s. In 1986, they immigrated to the United States.
Early career
Waldemar Matuška was born in Košice, Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia), and spent their whole childhood in Prague. Their mother was a singer in the Vienna and Košice operetta theatres. They trained at a glassmaking school and worked in glassworks Poděbrady as a glassmaker. They performed on various musical instruments (mostly banjo, guitar, contrabass or drums with many different bands. In 1960 they recorded their first song Suvenýr (Souvenir). Later they became an actor and singer of the theatre Semafor. On the stage they performed with Karel Štědrý, Jiří Suchý, Hana Hegerová and others, starting in 1961, with Eva Pilarová. They won the Zlatý slavík ("Golden Nightingale") music poll twice, in 1962 and 1967, and placed second several times.
As their popularity grew they started acting in movies and writing songs for movies. Waldemar and Eva Pilarová left Semafor and joined the ensemble of the theatre Rokoko. But Pilarová soon returned to Semafor, while Matuška began singing with Helena Vondráčková, Marta Kubišová, Jitka Zelenková and others. They participated in other projects besides the theatre, mainly duets with Hana Hegerová and Karel Gott.
Emigration
In 1976 they married the choir singer Olga Blechová (from the duet Olga and Irena). Their popularity at home was high, and they also gave concerts abroad, limited with their interpretation of songs only in Czech. In 1986 they left Czechoslovakia and settled with their wife in Saint Petersburg, Florida, United States, where helped them on the beginnings brother of their wife. Meanwhile, in Czechoslovakia, the Communist party banned all their songs, destroyed recordings of their LP gramophone record Jsem svým pánem ('I'm My Own Master'), deleted their opening song in the popular television series Chalupáři (just the melody remained) and changed the title of the TV series Rozpaky kuchaře Svatopluka ('Doubts of cook Svatopluk'). Matuška continued to perform in the United States, mostly for emigrants from Czechoslovakia.
Velvet Revolution
After the 1989 Velvet Revolution in Czechoslovakia, their songs were returned to their proper place in the television series. They lived in Florida, at times performing in the Czech Republic.
Death
They died in Florida on May 30, 2009, of pneumonia and heart failure, aged 76. Asthma may have contributed to their death.
Family
They had two sons from two wives. Miroslav is a librarian at the University of Hamburg. Waldemar was born in Florida, but has married and settled in Prague.
Notes
Further reading
Ota Ulč. Political Participation in Czechoslovakia. The Journal of Politics, Vol. 33, No. 2 (May 1971), pp. 422–447.
Josef Fousek and Waldemar Matuška: To všechno vodnés čas. Autobiography (in Czech), Prague 1985.
External links
Radio Praha article
Waldemar Matuska – Czech pop legend turns 70. Radio Praha article
1932 births
2009 deaths
Musicians from Košice
Czechoslovak male singers
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Deaths from pneumonia in Florida
Zlatý slavík winners
Burials at Vyšehrad Cemetery
Deaths from asthma
20th-century Czech male singers
The RIT Tigers are composed of 22 teams representing Rochester Institute of Technology in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, crew, cross-country, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, and track and field. Men's sports include baseball and wrestling. Women's sports include softball, and volleyball. The Tigers compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the Liberty League for all sports except ice hockey, which competes in NCAA Division I. The men's ice hockey team is a member of Atlantic Hockey, while the women's ice hockey team is a member of College Hockey America.
Teams
Men's ice hockey
Women's ice hockey
Men's lacrosse
The RIT Tigers men's lacrosse team dates back to 1964, when a lacrosse club was organized on campus. The club played their first season in the spring of 1966. In 1968, men's lacrosse became a university-sanctioned sport and the Tigers played their first season in NCAA Division II. They moved down to Division III beginning with the 1974 season.
In 2021, the RIT Tigers won the NCAA Division III Men's Lacrosse Tournament, defeating the Salisbury Seagulls in the championship game to cap off an undefeated season. The team would repeat as national champions in 2022 when they defeated Union College, 12–10.
History
RIT was a long-time member of the Empire 8, an NCAA Division III athletic conference, but moved to the Liberty League beginning with the 2011–2012 academic year. All of RIT's teams compete at the Division III level, with the exception of the men's and women's ice hockey programs, which play at the Division I level. In 2010, the men's ice hockey team was the first ever from the Atlantic Hockey conference to reach the NCAA tournament semi-finals: The Frozen Four.
On March 17, 2012, the Women's ice hockey team, after finishing the regular season with a record of 28–1–1, won its first NCAA Division III national championship, defeating the defending champion Norwich University 4–1. The women's team had carried a record of 54–3–3 over their past 2 regular seasons leading up to that point. Three days later, RIT successfully applied for the women's hockey team to move from Division III to Division I. Starting in the 2012–2013 season, the women's team joined the College Hockey America conference, and was being eligible for conference postseason play, but not NCAA postseason play. The moratorium on the NCAA postseason was lifted 2 years later beginning with the 2014–2015 season.
Additionally, RIT has a wide variety of club, intramural, and pick-up sports and teams to provide a less-competitive recreational option to students.
Tom Coughlin, coach of the NFL's 2008 and 2012 Super Bowl champion New York Giants, taught physical education and coached the RIT Men's Varsity Football team in the 1970s.
Since 1968 the school's hockey teams played at Frank Ritter Memorial Ice Arena on campus, but in 2010, the school launched the "Power Play" campaign, in which it hoped to raise 15 of the 30 million dollars it would cost to build a new arena. On November 11, 2011 it was announced that B. Thomas Golisano and the Polisseni Foundation were donating 4.5 million to the new arena, which came to be named the Gene Polisseni Center. The new 4,300 seat arenas was completed in 2014 and the Men's and Women's teams moved into the new facility in September for the 2014–2015 season.
Championships
Mascot
RIT's athletics nickname is the "Tigers", a name given following the undefeated men's basketball season of 1955–56. Prior to that, RIT's athletic teams were called the "Techmen" and had blue and silver as the sports colors. In 1963, RIT purchased a rescued Bengal tiger which became the Institute's mascot, named SPIRIT. They were taken to sports events until late spring, when they were moved to the Seneca Park Zoo. A year and a half later, when X-rays revealed they were suffering from genetic pelvic and leg joint problems, they were humanely euthanized. The original tiger's pelt now resides in the school's archives at the on-campus library. RIT helped the Seneca Park Zoo purchase a new tiger shortly after SPIRIT's death, but it was not used as a school mascot. A metal sculpture in the center of the Henrietta campus now provides an everlasting version of the mascot.
RIT's team mascot is a version of this Bengal Tiger named RITchie. RITchie was the selected name entered in 1989 by alumnus Richard P. Mislan during a College Activities Board "Name the RIT Tiger" contest. After it was announced that the RIT Men's Hockey Team was moving from Division III to Division I in 2005, RITchie was redesigned and made their debut in the fall of 2006.
References
Further reading
External links
Gateways to Annihilation is the sixth studio album by the death metal band Morbid Angel.
This album saw a change in musical style as the speed-laden intensity of the previous album Formulas Fatal to the Flesh was abandoned for a slower, more droning style, reminiscent of Blessed Are the Sick. This is also the first album in which Steve Tucker contributed lyrics and music to the band. It is also the second and last album to feature Erik Rutan as a member of Morbid Angel.
Dan Seagrave painted the album cover. This marks the first Morbid Angel album cover they had painted since Altars of Madness.
The intro track name "Kawazu" is an archaic Japanese word meaning "frog", which explains the sounds of frogs croaking on the track.
Track listing
Personnel
Steve Tucker – bass, lead vocals
Trey Azagthoth – guitars, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Secured Limitations"
Erik Rutan – guitars, keyboards
Pete Sandoval – drums
References
Morbid Angel albums
2000 albums
Albums with cover art by Dan Seagrave
Earache Records albums
Tecolote is an impact crater on Mars. It was named by the IAU in 1991 after the town of Tecolote in New Mexico.
Tecolote is within the Claritas Fossae.
References
Impact craters on Mars
1960 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 54th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1960 in water polo
1960 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Yelandy Contreras Vásquez (born 25 February 1997) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. They have been a member of the Dominican Republic women's national team.
Early life
Contreras hails from Bayaguana.
International career
Contreras capped for the Dominican Republic at senior level during the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games.
References
1997 births
Living people
People from Monte Plata Province
Dominican Republic women's footballers
Women's association football goalkeepers
Dominican Republic women's international footballers
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Alice through the Looking Glass is a 1998 British fantasy television film, based on Lewis Carroll's 1871 book Through the Looking-Glass, and starring Kate Beckinsale.
The film was released on DVD in 2005.
Plot
The film opens with a mother (Kate Beckinsale) reading Through the Looking Glass to their daughter Alice (Charlotte Curley). The mother then finds themselves travelling through the bedroom mirror into Looking-Glass Land and becoming Alice, but remains an adult.
Alice finds a book containing "Jabberwocky", in mirror writing, and sees chess pieces coming to life. They go out into a garden with talking flowers. There, they meet the Red Queen from the chess board (Sian Phillips), who shows them that the landscape is laid out like a gigantic chessboard. They will make Alice a queen if they can get as far as the eighth row. Alice becomes one of the White Queens pawns, and gets into a train that takes them directly to the fourth row. In a wood, the Gnat (Steve Coogan) teaches them about the looking-glass insects. In crossing the wood where things have no names, they forget their own name, but it comes back on the other side. Next they meet Tweedledum and Tweedledee (Gary Olsen and Marc Warren), who recite the poem "The Walrus and the Carpenter", with the Red King (Michael Medwin) asleep under a tree. The brothers get ready to fight but run away, frightened by a giant crow.
The White Queen (Penelope Wilton) arrives and shows their powers of precognition. With her, Alice goes forward into the fifth row by crossing a stream in a rowing boat, but the Queen is then turned into the Sheep.
Alice enters the sixth row of the chess board by crossing another stream and meets Humpty Dumpty (Desmond Barrit) on their unbirthday, who teaches Alice about portmanteau words before falling off their wall. The White King (Geoffrey Palmer), the king's horses, and the king's men try to help Humpty.
Alice, still a white pawn, crosses yet another stream to enter the seventh row and finds themselves in the land of the Red Knight (Greg Wise), who tries to capture her, but the White Knight (Ian Holm) fights them off and leads them through a forest to the last stream, falling off their horse and reciting the poem Haddocks' Eyes. This stream is not much more than a ditch, and Alice can step across it into the eighth row, when a queen's crown appears on their head.  They are joined by both the Red and White Queens, who use word play to baffle them They issue invitations to a coronation party to be hosted by Alice, but the party is chaotic, and Alice finds themselves shaking the Red Queen to calm them down.
Alice wakes up safe at home with their daughter, little Alice.
Cast
Production
Apart from the innovation that Alice is played by an adult (she answers “seven and a half” when asked them age), the screenplay follows the text of the book closely, preserving Carroll's dialogue almost word for word. However, in another new element, Alice's hairstyle and their dress change throughout the film.
Unusually, the "Wasp in a Wig" episode, which Carroll wrote but did not leave in the book as published, is included in the film, with the Wasp played by Ian Richardson.
Reception
Critics Jaques and Giddens commented that "The genial rendition overall makes for a pleasant film aimed at children, with a strong sense that Alice has a fun time in their adventure." Film scholar Thomas Leitch, comparing John Tenniel's influence on popular images of Alice with Carroll's own, comments that "The stars who least resemble Tenniel's Alice are Kate Beckinsale, ... and dark-haired, plump-faced Tina Majorino in Nick Willing's 1999 adaptation for NBC television."
References
External links
Alice Through the Looking Glass (1998) at Rotten Tomatoes
Alice Through the Looking Glass (1998) at YouTube
Alice im Spiegelland (Trailer) at YouTube (in German)
1998 television films
1998 films
1998 fantasy films
1990s children's fantasy films
Channel 4 television films
British fantasy films
British television films
British sequel films
Films about children
Films based on Alice in Wonderland
Films scored by Dominik Scherrer
Films shot in the Isle of Man
Television sequel films
Films directed by John Henderson (director)
1990s British films
Konstantinos Plegas (; born 20 April 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Super League 2 club AEL.
Honours
Olympiacos
Superleague: 2015–16
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Olympiacos F.C. players
Panthrakikos F.C. players
Panionios F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Association football midfielders
People from Kalavryta
Footballers from Western Greece
Llandanwg () is a village in the Ardudwy area of Gwynedd, in Llanfair community Wales. It is situated on the coast, has a railway station, and a medieval church in the sand dunes behind the beach which is a Grade II listed building.
The village
The village of Llandanwg is situated to the west of the A496 coastal road between Llanbedr and Harlech, close to the village of Llanfair and about two miles south of Harlech. Originally it was a small collection of farms to the north of the river Artro, close to where it enters the sea. Later developments expanded the size of the village. The village has a railway station, Llandanwg Halt, where trains on the Cambrian Line stop on request. However a new evening train service was introduced in 2015 which angered local residents when it was found that it would not stop at Llandanwg and certain other halts.
There is an easily accessible, shelving beach at the end of the road through the village. It is part of the Snowdonia National Park. Nearby is Mochras or "Shell Island", accessible by a causeway but only at low-tide. The Llandanwg Holiday Home Park provides static holiday homes on a hillside above the village with extensive views over Tremadog Bay.
The Church of Saint Tanwg
The parish church of Saint Tanwg at Llandanwg is situated just behind the beach in the sand dunes just above the high tide mark. The church is medieval, probably dating from the 13th century, however there are three fifths to sixth century inscribed stones and two stones with inscribed crosses inside the building which indicates much earlier activity, and it has probably been a place of worship since the Age of the Saints, possibly as early as the first part of the 5th century. Much of the churchyard is buried in sand. The church is a Grade II Listed building.
The churchyard contains the war graves of a Royal Welsh Fusiliers soldier and Royal Garrison Artillery officer of World War I.
Llandanwg Gallery
References
External links
National Rail - Llandanwg Halt
Good Beach Guide - Llandanwg
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Llandanwg and surrounding area
Villages in Gwynedd
Villages in Snowdonia
Seaside resorts in Wales
Llanfair, Gwynedd
Ferdi Özbeğen (19 August 1941 – 28 January 2013) was a Turkish singer of folk and popular music.
Early life and education
Ferdi Özbeğen was born on 17 August 1941, in Izmir. Their father was Hassan Özbeğen, an immigrant from Crete, and their mother Afet "Anita" Özbeğen, a Catholic Armenian from Ankara. Their son's name was originally "Ferdinand." At some point, the family moved to Istanbul, where young Ferdi enrolled for their secondary education into the Mıhitaryan School.
At the age of 11, Özbeğen, along with their secondary school tuition started taking music lessons at home. They graduated from Istanbul University in Economics in 1960. When their father died in 1963, they turned to music in a professional capacity.
Career
In 1965, Özbegen, along with the orchestra he'd put together, participated in the "Golden Microphone" competition organized by the Hürriyet newspaper, performing the songs "Kes Kes" ("Cut Cut") and "Sandığımı Açamadım" ("I Can't Open My Chest").
They soon established themselves as a performer of fantezi urban folk music. On 1977, they released their first album and won a sales award for "Sohbet" ("Conversation") as well as a golden-piano award for "Mutluluklar" ("Happiness"). They recorded overall some 28 albums in their career.
In 1980, they starred in the movie Tanrıya Feryat ("Howl to God") in 1980 with Gülşen Bubikoğlu, Tanju Gürsu, and Hulusi Kentmen. They also worked a guest actor in the television series Perihan Abla (Sister Perihan), one of the most popular productions of the 1980s.
Personal life
Özbeğen opened up about their homosexuality as an adult and, gay marriage being illegal in the 1990s, they adopted their life partner.
Death
In 2001, they were diagnosed with prostate cancer, which they survived for more than a dozen years. They died on 28 January 2013 at the Okmeydanı Training and Research Hospital of Istanbul. After a memorial ceremony held at the Cemal Reşit Rey Concert Hall on 30 January and a religious funeral at the Levent mosque, they were buried in the Ulus Cemetery.
See also
Arabesque music
References
Further reading
1941 births
2013 deaths
People from İzmir
20th-century Turkish male singers
21st-century Turkish male singers
LGBT singers from Turkey
Gay musicians
Deaths from cancer in Turkey
Deaths from prostate cancer
The St. Petersburg Union of Composers, (Soyuz Kompositorov- Russian: Союз композиторов) is a professional and creative musical association with its headquarters at the former mansion of the Princess Vera F. Gagarina at 45 Bolshaya Morskaya Street, St Petersburg, Russia. It is a Department of the Union of Composers of the Russian Federation, formerly the Union of Soviet Composers.
History
The St. Petersburg Union of Composers was founded in 1932. Amongst its members in its first decade of existence were established composers including B.V. Asafyev, V.M. Bogdanov-Berezovsky, A.P. Gladkovsky, V.M. Deshevovov, A.F. Pashchenko, Oles' Semyenovich Chishko, Y.A. Shaporin, D.D. Shostakovich, and young musicians B.A. Arapov, B.G. Holz, I.I. Dzerzhinsky, Y.V. Kochurov, V.V. Pushkov, G.N. Popov, V.P. Solovyev-Sedoy, M.I. Chulaki.
Chairmen of the Union have been: the musicologist B.A. Fingert, as first chairperson; V.V. Shcherbachev (1935–37, 1944–48), I.O. Dunaevsky (1937–43), D.D. Shostakovich (1946–47), Chulaki (1947–48), Solovyev-Sedoy (1948–64), A.P. Petrov (1964-2006) and Grigory Korchmar (from 2006).
From 1964 for almost 30 years Andrei Petrov (died 2006) was the head of the St. Petersburg Union of Composers.
The Leningrad Department of the Union of Composers continued its work during the siege of 1941-44. In the 1960-80s, S.P. Banevich, G.I. Banshchikov, Veniamin Yefimovich Basner, V.A. Gavrilin, L.A. Desyatnikov, A.A. Kneifel, A.N. Kolker, S.M. Slonimsky, B.I. Tishchenko, V.A. Uspensky, G.I. Ustvolskaya, Y.A. Falik, I.I. Schwarz and A.B.Zatin became members of the Leningrad Department of the Union of Composers. Since 1964, the St. Petersburg Musical Spring festival has been held annually. Since 1989, the Children's Musical Festival has been organised which includes children's competitions: the Bruk and Taymanov memorial Competition of Piano Duets, Brother and Sister, and the Gavrilin Competition ‘I Am a Composer'.
In 2003 the Petersburg Department of the Union of Composers had more than 210 members.
Location
In the 1930s, the Leningrad Department of the Union of Composers was located at 2 Rossi Street. It moved in 1948 to its present location at 45 Bolshaya Morskaya Street, the former mansion of Princess V.F. Gagarina (who married the Romantic poet Pyotr Vyazemsky). This mansion was built in the 18th century, rebuilt in 1835-40 by architect Auguste de Montferrand and in 1873-74 by architect I.V. Strom and M.E. Messmacher. It also houses the Board of Directors, the Administration of the House of Composers, a concert hall, a cinema hall, musical and book libraries, a record library, a hotel and a publishing house Kompozitor.
References
Music organizations based in Russia
Culture in Saint Petersburg
Organizations based in Saint Petersburg
Ignacio Urrutia Bonilla (born 16 September 1957) is a Chilean politician who has served in the Chamber of Deputies since 2002.
Urrutia is a supporter of Augusto Pinochet. In 2021, they campaigned and voted against the legalization of same-sex marriage in the National Congress of Chile, calling it "a light show or cover to distract from the situations being lived through in Chile today."
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
21st-century Chilean politicians
Anti-same-sex-marriage activists
Chilean anti-communists
Chilean people
Independent Democratic Union politicians
Republican Party (Chile, 2019) politicians
The Australasian darter or Australian darter (Anhinga novaehollandiae) is a species of bird in the darter family, Anhingidae. It is found in Australia, Indonesia, and Papua New Guinea. It weighs around 2.6 kg and spans 86–94 cm (34–37 in) in length.
Taxonomy
John Gould described the Australasian darter as Plotus novaehollandiae in 1847. Closely related to American (Anhinga anhinga), African (Anhinga rufa), and Oriental (Anhinga melanogaster) darters, the Australasian darter has been classed as a subspecies of the African or African plus Oriental darters. All four have also been classed as a single species. Examination of the leg bones indicates the three Old World species are more closely related to each other with the American species more divergent. Genetic analysis showed it differed from A. rufa to a degree equivalent to that between other separate species, and shifted consensus to treating the Australasian darter as a separate species.
Fossils of the Australasian darter have been recovered from several Pleistocene strata in Australia.
As well as Australasian darter, common names given to the species include darter, diver, needle-beak shag, shag, and snake-bird. The Noongar people of southwestern Australia call it mimal. Gould also called it the New Holland darter or New Holland devil-bird.
Description
The Australasian darter is a slim bird measuring 86–94 cm (34–37 in) long with a snakelike slender neck. The male has black plumage with a white streak down the side of its head and neck, while the female has white underparts.
Distribution and habitat
Typical habitat is freshwater or brackish wetlands more than 0.5 m deep with fallen trees or logs and vegetated banks; less commonly, darters are found in inland saltwater environments. The Australasian darter is found in the lowlands of New Guinea, New Britain, the Moluccas and the Lesser Sunda Islands. It is found across Australia, though not in the Great Sandy or Great Victoria Deserts or Nullarbor Plain,.. It is an uncommon vagrant to Tasmania.
Feeding
The Australasian darter forages in water, often with only its head and neck exposed. Its feathers soak up water in spaces between them, allowing the bird to reduce its natural buoyancy and swim underwater. It eats a wide variety of fish such as Australian smelt (Retropinna semoni), bony bream (Nematalosa erebi), queensland mouth breeder (Glossamia aprion), surf bream (Acanthopagrus australis), spangled perch (Leiopotherapon unicolor), flathead gudgeon (Philypnodon grandiceps), and introduced species such as redfin perch (Perca fluviatilis), goldfish (Carassius auratus) and carp (Cyprinus carpio). The New Guinea snake-necked turtle (Chelodina novaeguineae) is a prey item, as are many invertebrates including freshwater shrimp, worms and cephalopods, and insects such as flies, moths, water scavenger beetles (hydrophilidae), water beetles (dytiscidae), water boatmen (corixidae), giant water bugs (Diplonychus rusticus), and backswimmers (notonectidae).
Breeding
The Australasian darter breeds throughout its range on or near bodies of fresh or inland salt water. Breeding process will take place once a year, or twice on rare occasions of two floods in the one year. Breeding takes place in spring (August to October) in southern Australia, during the wet season (January to March/April) in northern Australia, in April in the Trans-Fly region of southern New Guinea, August and September in the Lower Fly and July and November around Port Moresby. The nest is a large, wide dish-shaped structure made of sticks and lined with reeds, leaves and rushes, often located in the branches of a partly submerged tree or tree overhanging water. Darters often build their nests in cormorant colonies, where the nests can be distinguished by their larger size and lack of guano.
Three to five elongated oval eggs are laid, measuring 56 by 34 mm. They are pale blue but covered in a layer of chalky lime, and become progressively scratched and stained over the incubation period.
Various views and plumages
References
Australasian darter
Birds of Australia
Birds of Oceania
Australasian darter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by John Gould
Finland competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Finnish athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games since the nation's official debut in 1908.
The Finnish Olympic Committee () sent a team of 54 athletes, 26 men and 28 women, to compete in 15 sports at the Games. The nation's full roster also achieved a historic milestone, as the number of female athletes outnumbered the men for the first time. Among the sports represented by its athletes, Finland made its Olympic debut in golf (new to the 2016 Games), table tennis, and women's wrestling, as well as its return to archery, boxing, equestrian eventing, and rhythmic gymnastics after long years of absence.
The Finnish team featured four past Olympic medalists returning to the Games: Beijing 2008 women's trap champion Satu Mäkelä-Nummela, the oldest competitor of the roster (aged 43), javelin throwers Tero Pitkämäki and Antti Ruuskanen (both won bronze in 2008 and 2012, respectively), and windsurfer Tuuli Petäjä-Sirén (silver, 2012), who was appointed by the committee to carry the Finnish flag by a female for the second time in the opening ceremony. Despite swimming only in the medley relay, Hanna-Maria Seppälä set a record as the first ever Finnish female athlete to participate in five Olympic Games. Other notable competitors on the Finnish roster included the country's fastest freestyle swimmer Ari-Pekka Liukkonen, sailing brothers Joonas and Niklas Lindgren in the 470 class, and hammer thrower David Söderberg.
Finland left Rio de Janeiro with only a bronze medal, won by boxer Mira Potkonen in the women's lightweight division, saving its pride from returning empty-handed for the first time; it was the country's poorest performance in its entire Olympic history. Several Finnish athletes reached the finals of their respective events including Ruuskanen (sixth, javelin throw), Söderberg (eighth, hammer throw), and sailor Tuula Tenkanen (fifth, Laser Radial).
Medalists
Archery
One Finnish archer has qualified for the men's individual recurve at the Games by securing one of three available Olympic spots at the 2016 European Championships in Nottingham, Great Britain, signifying the nation's comeback to the sport after an eight-year hiatus. Meanwhile, another Finnish archer was added to the squad by virtue of a top six national finish in the women's individual recurve at the 2016 Archery World Cup meet in Antalya, Turkey.
Athletics
Finnish athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event): Four of them, led by two Olympic bronze medalists Tero Pitkämäki (2008) and Antti Ruuskanen (2012) in the men's javelin throw, had been selected to the Olympic team during the initial nomination stages (October and December 2015), while the majority of the Finnish track and field team was announced at the end of March and the third week of July 2016.
Track & road events
Men
Women
Field events
Men
Women
Badminton
Finland has qualified one badminton player for the women's singles into the Olympic tournament. Nanna Vainio had claimed their Olympic spot as one of top 34 individual shuttlers in the BWF World Rankings as of 5 May 2016.
Boxing
Finland has entered one boxer to compete in the women's lightweight division into the Olympic boxing tournament, signifying the nation's comeback to the sport since 2000. Mira Potkonen had claimed their Olympic spot with a quarterfinal victory at the World Championships in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Cycling
Road
Finland has qualified one rider in the women's Olympic road race by virtue of a top 22 national finish in the 2016 UCI World Rankings.
Equestrian
Finland has entered one eventing rider into the Olympic equestrian competition by virtue of a top finish from North Western Europe in the individual FEI Olympic rankings, signifying the nation's Olympic comeback to the sporting discipline for the first time since 2000.
Eventing
Golf
Finland has entered four golfers (two per gender) into the Olympic tournament. Mikko Ilonen (world no. 235), Roope Kakko (world no. 293), Noora Tamminen (world no. 274), and Ursula Wikström (world no. 256) qualified directly among the top 60 eligible players for their respective individual events based on the IGF World Rankings as of 11 July 2016.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Finland has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition. Oskar Kirmes had claimed their Olympic spot in the men's apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Men
Rhythmic
For the first time since 2000, Finland has qualified one rhythmic gymnast in the individual all-around for the Games by claiming one of eight available Olympic spots at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Judo
Finland has qualified one judoka for the men's extra-lightweight category (60 kg) at the Games. Juho Reinvall earned a continental quota spot from the European region as the highest-ranked Finnish judoka outside of direct qualifying position in the IJF World Ranking List of 30 May 2016.
Sailing
Finnish sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and European qualifying regattas.
On 13 October 2015, the Finnish Olympic Committee had officially announced the first five sailors competing in the Finn, Laser Radial, men's 470, and women's RS:X at the Rio regatta. 2010 Youth Olympian and Laser sailor Kaarle Tapper was named to the Finnish team on 27 April 2016, while the women's 470 and 49er crews rounded out the selection at the ISAF World Cup meet (26 April to 1 May) in Hyères, France.
Men
Women
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race; overstrike indicates excluded score
Shooting
Finnish shooters have achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying standard (MQS) by 31 March 2016.
Swimming
Finnish swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
On 9 December 2015, the Finnish Olympic Committee had announced the first three swimmers (Liukkonen, Mattsson, and Laukkanen), who had achieved the A-cut times in their respective events, to compete in the Olympic pool, while US-based college swimmers Matias Koski and Tanja Kylliäinen joined the roster four months later.
Men
Women
Table tennis
Finland has entered one athlete for the first time into the Olympic table tennis competition. Benedek Oláh granted an invitation from ITTF to compete in the men's singles as one of the next seven highest-ranked eligible players, not yet qualified, on the Olympic Ranking List.
Taekwondo
Finland entered one athlete into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. 2012 Olympian Suvi Mikkonen secured a spot in the women's lightweight category (57 kg) by virtue of their top two finish at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, Turkey.
Weightlifting
Finland has qualified one male weightlifter for the Rio Olympics by virtue of a top seven national finish at the 2016 European Championships. Meanwhile, an unused women's Olympic spot was added to the Finnish weightlifting team by IWF, as a response to the vacancy of women's quota places in the individual World Rankings and to the "multiple positive cases" of doping on several nations. The team must allocate these places to individual athletes by 20 June 2016.
Wrestling
Finland has qualified three wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic tournament. Two of them finished among the top six to book an Olympic spot each in the men's Greco-Roman 85 kg and women's freestyle 58 kg the 2015 World Championships.
One more wrestler had claimed the remaining Olympic slot in the men's Greco-Roman 66 kg to round out the Finnish roster at the initial meet of the World Qualification Tournament in Ulaanbaatar.
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
See also
Finland at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Rio 2016 Olympic Coverage – Finnish Olympic Committee
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Elias Valderhaug (born 26 April 1990) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Åkra in 3. divisjon. They have previously played for Molde in Tippeligaen, and has also had spells with Start and Kongsvinger.
Career
Valderhaug was born in Valderøy and played for IL Valder and Åkra IL before joining Molde in 2007. They made their debut on the first-team, when they replaced Knut Dørum Lillebakk in the 87th minute in the quarter-final of the 2009 Norwegian Football Cup against Rosenborg on 9 August 2009. Valderhaug was sent on loan together with their team-mate Jacob Meidell to the nabour club Kristiansund BK in August 2012, where they played nine matches in the Second Division. Valderhaug made their debut in Tippeligaen against Sarpsborg 08 on 20 November 2011, after Ole Gunnar Solskjær decided to let them play the last two games of the season instead of Espen Bugge Pettersen, since Molde already had won Tippeligaen that year.
Valderhaug joined Start on a short-term loan-deal on 12 April 2012, due to injuries on both their goalkeepers, Alexander Lund Hansen and Johnny Kristiansen. Valderhaug played Start's match against HamKam three days later, but returned to Molde in the middle of June even though the loan lasted to 1 August as both Start's goalkeeper had returned from their injuries.
Valderhaug joined Kongsvinger in August 2012 on a short-term contract to the end of the 2012 season, and played 12 matches for the team in the First Division. After seeing out their short-term contract, Valderhaug moved back to their home-county Møre og Romsdal and signed a two-year contract with the newly promoted First Division side Kristiansund BK.
Club statistics
References
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Møre og Romsdal
Norwegian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Molde FK players
Kristiansund BK players
IK Start players
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Norwegian Third Division players
Kuatunia subasperata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Kuatunia. It was described by Gressitt in 1951.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1951
Monotypic beetle genera
Cameron Blades (born 16 April 1971) is an Australian international former rugby union player who played at the loosehead prop position, but could also cover at tighthead prop and hooker. They played professionally for New South Wales Waratahs and Glasgow Warriors.
Career
Blades was born in Sydney. They had one full international cap for Australia against England in Sydney on 12 July 1997. Australia won the match 25 - 6. They also played for the Australian Under 21s. Their brother Andrew Blades also played for Australia and was a member of the 1999 Rugby World Cup winning team.
They were signed for Glasgow Warriors in 2001 by coach Richie Dixon and entered the UK because of their Irish passport, leaving the New South Wales Waratahs. This meant they could play in the Heineken Cup as a non-foreigner. While not playing for Warriors, they played for Glasgow Hawks.
Coaching
Blades turned to rugby coaching after their playing career, and was head coach at Southern Districts for two seasons where their team finished as runner-up in the Shute Shield grand final of 2012. They were appointed as forwards coach of the Australia U20 team in 2014, before joining the New South Wales Waratahs as the set-piece coach for the Super Rugby season of 2016.
External links
ESPN Profile
Glasgow Warriors biography
Statbunker Profile
References
Living people
Australian rugby union players
Glasgow Warriors players
Glasgow Hawks players
1971 births
Australia international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Sydney
Rugby union props
Bohman & Schwartz was a coach building business in Pasadena, California. It was established after the collapse of the Walter M Murphy Company by some of Murphy's former employees.
References
External links
http://www.coachbuilt.com/bui/b/bohman_schwartz/bohman_schwartz.htm
Coachbuilders of the United States
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Luxury motor vehicle manufacturers
American companies established in 1932
Manufacturing companies established in 1932
Manufacturing companies based in Los Angeles
1932 establishments in California
The Rite () is a 1969 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. It premiered on Swedish television on 25 March 1969. Actors Thea (Ingrid Thulin), Sebastian (Anders Ek) and Hans (Gunnar Björnstrand) are sequestered in the offices of Judge Abrahamson (Erik Hell), who questions them about the play they have been performing, which has been accused of being obscene. As the judge interviews them separately and together, the three performers work through their considerable psycho-sexual baggage with each other, while collectively laying siege to the sensibilities of their authoritarian interrogator.
The film had a joint Nordic premiere on television on 25 March 1969. It was rerun on SVT2 August 1, 1973. The premiere began with a short conversation between Ingmar Bergman and TV theatre director Lars Löfgren. Bergman urged the viewers to turn off the TV and go to the movies instead. Both Swedish and Norwegian critics were mostly positive, but somewhat confused.
Plot
A judge in an unnamed country interviews three actors, together and separately, provoking them while investigating a pornographic performance for which they may face a fine. Their relationships are complicated. Sebastian, a volatile heavy drinker in debt, is guilty of killing their former partner and is having an affair with Thea, the dead man's widow. Thea, a high-strung woman who is prone to fits and seemingly fragile, is currently married to Sebastian's new partner, Hans. Hans is the troupe's leader.  They are wealthy, self-contained, and growing weary of the troupe. The judge plays on the trio's insecurities, but they may have their revenge when they finally perform The Rite in a private session with him.
Cast
Ingmar Bergman – Priest
Gunnar Björnstrand – Hans Winkelmann
Anders Ek – Sebastian Fisher
Erik Hell – Judge Abrahamson
Ingrid Thulin – Thea Winkelmann / Claudia Monteverdi
References
External links
1969 films
Swedish black-and-white films
Films directed by Ingmar Bergman
1960s Swedish-language films
Swedish television films
1960s Swedish films
Souleymane Sawadogo (born 1 November 1995) is a Burkinabé professional football player.
Club career
Sawadogo made their Ligue 2 debut with AJ Auxerre at 9 August 2013 against Nîmes Olympique. In 2014, they joined Clermont Foot. On 22 December they signed a -year contract with Greek Superleague club Levadiakos for an undisclosed fee. It was their first time in their career that will play in the highest level. On 14 April 2018, they scored with an astonishing effort helping their club to win 1-0 rivals Asteras Tripoli. It was their first goal with the club.
Sawadogo returned to France with Gazélec Ajaccio in January 2020, and then moved to US Créteil-Lusitanos in June 2020.
International career
Sawadogo made their debut for the Burkina Faso national football team in a 1-0 friendly win over Cameroon national football team on 27 May 2018.
Career statistics
References
1995 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
Burkinabé expatriate footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
AJ Auxerre players
Clermont Foot players
LB Châteauroux players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Gazélec Ajaccio players
US Créteil-Lusitanos players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 3 players
Super League Greece players
Sportspeople from Ouagadougou
Association football defenders
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in France
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Greece
21st-century Burkinabé people
Rollin Raymond Rees (January 10, 1865 – May 30, 1935) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Camden, Ohio, Rees moved with their parents to Ottawa County, Kansas, in 1867. They attended the public schools and graduated from the agricultural college at Manhattan, Kansas, in 1885. They studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1887 and commenced practice in Minneapolis, Kansas. They served as the prosecuting attorney of Ottawa County 1895–1899, as a member of the State house of representatives 1899–1903, and as judge of the thirtieth judicial district 1903–1910. They resigned to become a candidate for Congress.
Rees was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second Congress (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1913). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress, and afterwards resumed the practice of law in Minneapolis, Kansas. They moved to California and engaged in banking and ranching.
Rees died in Anaheim, California on May 30, 1935, and was interred in Fairhaven Cemetery, Orange, California.
References
External links
1865 births
1935 deaths
People from Camden, Ohio
People from Minneapolis, Kansas
Kansas State University alumni
Kansas lawyers
Kansas state court judges
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
California Republicans
The following is a list of the monastic houses in West Yorkshire, England.
Alphabetic listing
See also
List of monastic houses in England
List of monastic houses in Wales
List of monastic houses in Scotland
List of monastic houses in Ireland
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
Binns, Alison (1989) Studies in the History of Medieval Religion 1: Dedications of Monastic Houses in England and Wales 1066–1216, Boydell
Cobbett, William (1868) List of Abbeys, Priories, Nunneries, Hospitals, And Other Religious Foundations in England and Wales and in Ireland, Confiscated, Seized On, or Alienated by the Protestant "Reformation" Sovereigns and Parliaments
Knowles, David & Hadcock, R. Neville (1971) Medieval Religious Houses England & Wales. Longman
Morris, Richard (1979) Cathedrals and Abbeys of England and Wales, J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd.
Thorold, Henry (1986) Collins Guide to Cathedrals, Abbeys and Priories of England and Wales, Collins
Thorold, Henry (1993) Collins Guide to the Ruined Abbeys of England, Wales and Scotland, Collins
Wright, Geoffrey N., (2004) Discovering Abbeys and Priories, Shire Publications Ltd.
English Cathedrals and Abbeys, Illustrated, Odhams Press Ltd.
Map of Monastic Britain, South Sheet, Ordnance Survey, 2nd edition, 1954
History of West Yorkshire
England in the High Middle Ages
Medieval sites in England
Lists of buildings and structures in West Yorkshire
West Yorkshire
West Yorkshire
Mook-Molenhoek is a railway station in the southeastern Netherlands, in Molenhoek. The station originally opened on 1 June 1883 and is located on the Maaslijn (Nijmegen–Venlo). The station closed between 15 May 1938 and 15 May 1940 and finally closed on 1 October 1940. The station was re-opened on 6 May 2009. The services are currently operated by Arriva.
The station first opened as Mook, but was renamed to Mook-Middelaar in 1891 and to Mook-Molenhoek in 2009. The original station had a station building, but this was demolished in 1975 and has not been replaced.
Train services
The following local train services call at this station:
Stoptrein: Nijmegen–Venlo–Roermond
Stoptrein: Nijmegen–Venray
Bus services
1: from Nijmegen via Malden to Molenhoek
564: from Mook-Molenhoek to Groesbeek
883: from Nijmegen via Malden, Mook-Molenhoek, Middelaar, Milsbeek and Ottersum to Gennep
External links
NS website
Dutch public transport travel planner
Railway stations in Limburg (Netherlands)
Railway stations opened in 1883
Railway stations closed in 1940
Railway stations opened in 2009
Railway stations on the Maaslijn
Mook en Middelaar
İne, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
The Gentlemen Put Us Here: About the Forced Relocations in Sweden () is the first published book by Swedish journalist Elin Anna Labba. It won the 2020 August Prize for Non-Fiction.
References
Swedish non-fiction books
Swedish-language novels
Swedish non-fiction literature
August Prize-winning works
Norstedts förlag books
Swedish Sámi people
Reindeer
Jordan High School (also referred to as Jordan High or JHS ) is a public high school located in Sandy, Utah (USA) It is one of six high schools in the Canyons School District. The school was established in 1907, making it one of the oldest public high schools in the state of Utah.
Timeline
1907–1914
Jordan High School took root when a student body of just seven students led by Weston Morley began meeting in the basement of a church in Midvale. Their small group began to grow in numbers and began to give them money. The enrollment numbers quickly grew, and soon it was necessary to move the students and faculty into their first real school building. This original school was initially known as The People's College because it was open to students of all ages. After a year, this small college became a student body of 2,000 students.
1914–1996
A new Jordan High School opened at 9351 South State Street. The building was on the National Register of Historic Places. Jordan Commons Movie Theatre is now at the old location of Jordan High School.
1996–present
The current campus for Jordan High School is at 95 E. Beetdigger Blvd. (9880 S.). It can serve 2,600 students.
Centennial (2007)
The school celebrated its centennial birthday in 2007. This huge two-day event to celebrate 100 years of education at Jordan High took place from 6 July through 7 July 2007.
Academics
Jordan High students have consistently scored above average on the ACT with a school composite of 21.3 compared to a national composite score of 21.2 for the 2006-2007 academic year. Students at Jordan High also have a higher pass rate for Advanced Placement exams passing 69.0% of exams administered for the 2006-2007 academic year. The school has produced several National Merit Scholar award recipients, finalists and semifinalists as well as Utah State Sterling Scholar finalists.
Mascot
Jordan High School students are known as Beetdiggers. This was due to the large areas surrounding the school which were sugar beet fields. Up until about 1950, at harvest time, classes were usually cancelled during vacations of a week or two in October, which allowed students to assist with the harvest. Their mascot is "Digger Dan."
Notable alumni
Dee Benson - professional soccer player; Federal judge
Don Fullmer - boxer, contender for World Middleweight Championship
Gene Fullmer - World Middleweight Boxing Champion, 1957–62
Hal Hale - professional basketball player
Andy Jones - professional acrobat; member USA High Diving Team, 2014
Austin Kafentzis - Utah Mr. Football (2012); MaxPreps National Freshman and Sophomore of the Year; 2012 & 2014 Utah Gatorade Player of the Year; played college football for the BYU Cougars
Tyler Larsen - NFL football center
Don Lind - NASA astronaut
S. Floyd Mori - California state legislator and educator
Dick Motta - NBA basketball coach; 13th all time in career wins; won the 1978 NBA Finals with the Washington Bullets
Sean O'Connell (fighter) - former wrestler and football player; professional Mixed Martial Artist
References
External links
Official school site
Jordan High Alumni Association - raising scholarships for current Beetdiggers and sponsoring the Jordan High Centennial Celebration
JordanAlumni.com - A hub for finding class reunions and class websites
Canyons School District
Public high schools in Utah
Educational institutions established in 1907
Schools in Salt Lake County, Utah
1907 establishments in Utah
Buildings and structures in Sandy, Utah
Ali Chaouch (26 June 1948 – 17 August 2020) was a Tunisian politician and government minister.
Biography
Chaouch graduated from Tunis University in 1970 with a degree in economic science. They became director general of the Société d'économie mixte d'aménagement de Tunis in 1981, and they were nominated to be President-Director-General of the Agence de réhabilitation et de rénovation urbaine in 1982. After Zine El Abidine Ben Ali came to power, they were appointed leader of the Medenine Governorate on 21 November 1987, then became CEO of the Agence foncière de l'habitat.
Chaouch first entered government when they became a secretary to the Minister of Public Health on 31 July 1992. They then became Minister of Housing and Equipment on 15 June 1993, before heading the Ministry of the Interior beginning on 9 October 1997 and ending on 17 November 1999. They were appointed to the Social and Economic Council before serving as Secretary General of the Democratic Constitutional Rally party from 5 December 2000 until 18 August 2005. They returned as a minister on 17 August 2005 as Minister of Social Affairs, serving until a government reshuffle on 14 January 2010. They were then appointed Ambassador to Austria and became Tunisia's representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
A lawsuit was filed against Chaouch on 6 May 2011 for abuse of power and misappropriation of public property.
Ali Chaouch died on 17 August 2020 at the age of 72.
References
1948 births
2020 deaths
Tunisian politicians
Democratic Constitutional Rally politicians
People from Siliana Governorate
20th-century Tunisian people
21st-century Tunisian people
Interior ministers of Tunisia
Bentilee is a housing estate in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England, between Hanley and Longton, and parallel with Fenton.
History
Built in the 1950s, Bentilee was at that time one of the largest estates in Europe, with around 4,500 properties. The streets in the area are named after various places in the UK e.g. Winchester Avenue, Chelmsford Drive, and Devonshire Square.
Originally, it consisted almost wholly of social housing, managed by Stoke City Council. The Right to Buy brought in by the Conservative government of the 1980s led to many of the semi-detached houses that make up most of the housing stock in the area being bought by their tenants, so that now approximately 25% of local houses are privately owned.
In the 1990s, the estate's 925 cottage flats were transferred to the management of Bentilee Community Housing Limited (now called EPIC), under the Estates Action scheme that provided government funding to bring the properties up to a modern standard with many receiving new kitchens, new bathrooms, central heating, double-glazing, and rewiring.
Recent developments
In recent history, the estate has also been the subject of a 7-year-long Villages Initiative Single Regeneration Budget (Round 2) urban renewal scheme that aimed to do for the remaining council housing what the Estates Action scheme had done for the cottage flats (but without transferring ownership away from the Council), as well as tackling local social issues and full- or part-funding a wide range of local projects such as Berryhill Retirement Village, the Millennium Project on the Berryhill Fields that separate Bentilee from Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent, and building the Moss Green housing estate (managed by Riverside Housing).
Seven years was not long enough to complete the ambitious plans for the redevelopment of the estate's main shopping and services area so the Bentilee District Centre Project was set up to carry on this work. The final result is a single building comprising shopping facilities, local library, IT Centre, walk-in health centre, and the CAB — unique in the UK.
In 2013 Discovery Academy was built on the site of the former Willfield Centre. Discovery Academy replaced Mitchell High School in Bucknall and Edensor High School in Longton. This high school is now a part of the Alpha Academy Trust, along with Excel Academy in Hanley, Maple Court Primary School and another primary school.
References
External links
Brookhouse & Ubberley Forum Web site
Changing Places Web site
Bentilee Community Housing Limited
Empowering People Inspiring Communities (EPIC) Ltd
Stoke-on-Trent City Council Web site
Riverside Housing Company
Areas of Stoke-on-Trent
New Pilgrim Baptist Church is a historic church at 903 Sixth Ave South in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in a contemporary Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
George Katsumi Yuzawa (, 1915–2011) was a Japanese-American community activist. They were involved in numerous social and political causes fighting racial discrimination against Asians and Asian Americans, providing aid for senior citizens, and organizing Japanese cultural events around New York City.
Family and early life
George Katsumi Yuzawa was born in Los Angeles, California on February 21, 1915. Their parents, Tamasaburo "James" and Bun "Mary" Yuzawa named their Nisei (second-generation Japanese American) son after George Washington. George's parents emigrated to the United States from Nagano, Japan. In 1917, James Yuzawa started the Vermont Flower Shop in downtown Los Angeles. They served a term as president of the Southern California Floral Association.
George was a founding member of Boy Scout Troop 64 in Los Angeles and achieved the rank of Life Scout. In 1932, they and other young Nisei establish the Japanese Athletic Union (JAU) to coordinate Nisei high school baseball, basketball, football and track competitions in southern California. They served as president of the JAU from 1935-1938. They graduated from Manual Arts High School in 1933 and attended Los Angeles City College where they earned an associate degree in Business. After college, George began working with their father.
In 1940, George married Kimiko Hattori (1917-2011). They were the 23-year-old Nisei daughter of Tora and Seikichi "Walter" Hattori. Walter was the proprietor of Nippon Produce Market in Los Angeles. They were also an official in a local southern California produce union.
Japanese internment and World War II
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 on February 19, 1942. The Yuzawa and Hattori families were forcibly removed from their homes and incarcerated in concentration camps under the direction of the Wartime Civilian Control Agency (WCCA). They were among the 120,000 Americans of Japanese ancestry who were sent to ten concentration camps in the western and south central United States.
The Yuzawas and Hattoris lived with approximately 20,000 other Japanese Americans at the Santa Anita racetrack, a temporary detention facility converted from stables. George served as the assistant director of men's athletics at Santa Anita. In September 1942, they were moved to the Granada War Relocation Center in the southeastern region of Colorado, near the small town of Granada. The Center incarcerated over 7,000 persons of Japanese ancestry, the majority of whom were American citizens or longtime permanent U.S. residents who were ineligible for citizenship under American immigration laws. At the Center, George's father served as a block manager and George worked as the purchasing officer for the camp school system.
George's younger sister, 19-year-old Chieko "Patricia," was not permitted to go with their family to Santa Anita or the Granada War Relocation Center because they contracted tuberculosis shortly before the evacuation. The U.S. government moved them to Hillcrest Sanitarium located in the mountains of northwest Los Angeles. They died there in 1942, never having seen their parents again. During their stay, George was given permission to leave the camp (with an army escort) only once to visit them After they died, George claimed their body.
In September 1943, the Wartime Relocation Authority (WRA) released George from the Center because they had promise of employment from the Annenberg and Erickson Florist Shop in New York City. Once in New York, George arranged for their wife and their parents to join him. In 1944, George volunteered for the U.S. Army. They completed their basic training at Fort McClellan in Alabama and was then attached to an Army Intelligence unit. George was stationed in Tokyo as part of the American Occupation of Japan, where they served as a special officer for entertainment for enlisted U.S. military servicemen. They received an honorable discharge in 1946 and returned to New York City.
George attended City College of New York from 1946 to 1947 on the G.I. Bill, earning a certificate in foreign trade. After forming and operating the HATCO Trading Company, Inc., George assisted their father's floral business, Park Central Florist. Clientele included actors, musicians, and Japanese businesses and corporations. George's father retired in the late 1950s due to ill health. George continued operating the shop until their own retirement in 1982.
Social and political activism
George made the time to volunteer for social, religious, political, and other charitable work. In the early 1970s, they worked with other Nisei and Sansei (third-generation Japanese American) civil rights activists to combat racial discrimination against Asians. These activists included Mitziko Sawada (academic historian and author), Kazu Iijima, Min Matsuda, Kazu Obayashi and Tami Ogata (founders of Asian Americans for Action), Yuri Kochiyama (human rights activist), Suki Terada Ports (AIDS advocate), Michio Kaku (Princeton University theoretical physicist), and Aiko Herzig-Yoshinaga, who was instrumental in the Redress Movement for Japanese American incarceration.
Kenzo Takada and the ILGWU
This same core group of activists confronted Paris clothing designer, Kenzo Takada. Kenzo owned several worldwide boutiques, named "Société Jungle Jap," and used the trademarks "Kenzo of J.A.P." and "JAP" on their clothing. The group initiated a vigorous writing campaign to educate advertisers and department stores across the nation about Kenzo's use of the historically derogatory terminology, Jap. They demanded that newspapers like the New York Times stop accepting and printing Kenzo's advertisements and insisted that stores immediately stop selling their clothing. Despite this effort, some stores continued to carry Kenzo's line. In response, the activists organized a demonstration in front of the Bonwit Teller flagship store on Fifth Avenue and Macy's main department store at Herald Square. The New York City Commission on Human Rights assisted in this effort.
George asked Ruby Schaar, the president of the New York chapter of the Japanese American Citizens' League (JACL) for assistance. The chapter board contacted New York Nisei attorney Moonray Kojima who filed a lawsuit against Kenzo's Paris firm as well as its American distributor, Mallory Outerwear. The lawsuit sought to prohibit Kenzo from using either "JAP" or "J.A.P." on their labels and trademarks. On July 13, 1972, Kenzo agreed to stop using both "JAP" and "J.A.P." An entire Butterick Patterns shipment with the word JAP was recalled in 1972. The Butterick Fashion Marketing Company also agreed to remove "J.A.P." from its Kenzo-designed patterns and from their catalog.
George and this same group protested the ILGWU's (International Ladies Garment Workers Union) implied anti-Japanese racism in its "Buy American" campaign. During the late summer and early autumn of 1972, the ILGWU produced a series of subway posters that contained anti-Japanese themes. One of the more provocative posters depicted a U.S. flag with the caption, "Made in Japan." Underneath the "Made in Japan" caption in smaller lettering was the question: "Has your job been exported to Japan yet?" George and other activists physically removed the posters from subway trains. In October 1972, about 100 people participated in a rally in front of ILGWU headquarters. Professor Michio Kaku was the rally spokesperson. Later that autumn, George met with ILGWU officials and they negotiated an agreement to remove the posters.
The Kenzo and ILGWU incidents prompted George and others to organize Asian Americans for Fair Media, Inc. (AAFM) in 1973. This group of Nisei volunteers monitored local and national broadcasts and print media for negative Asian stereotypes and racial slurs. In 1973, the AAFM published a booklet entitled Stereotypes and Realities: The Asian Image in the United States. In 1974, the Eastern Regional Office of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights asked George to serve as a consultant.
Causes for senior citizens
George also devoted much of their time attending to the needs of senior citizens. In 1965, they organized the Ad Hoc Committee of Concerned Asians in New York City to address the housing needs of Issei (first-generation Japanese American) and Nisei senior citizens. During the early 1970s, with a grant from the New York Community Trust (NYCT), Concerned Asians conducted a survey to assess the needs of these senior citizens living in New York City. The findings convinced George and other committee members that a permanent organization was needed to support the aging Nisei community.
George helped establish the Japanese American Help for the Aging, Inc. (JAHFA) in 1974. JAHFA was a non-profit organization that provided health, educational, informational, language, and social services to the elderly Japanese community in New York City. JAHFA located senior residential housing at the Methodist Home in Riverdale and began placing Issei and Nisei seniors there in 1974. In the early 1980s, JAHFA became a standing committee of the Japanese American Association of New York (JAA), to secure additional financial and manpower resources.
In the mid-1980s, George formed an affiliation with the Isabella Geriatric Center in upper Manhattan. Isabella offered both a nursing home and resident apartments for seniors. They formed an exchange program between eldercare professionals from Japan and the staff at Isabella.
George also helped to form the West Side Federation for Senior Housing, Inc., (WSFSH), due to the large population of Issei and Nisei residing on the West Side of Manhattan. George served on the organization's board of directors. Founded in 1977, the WSFSH assisted with the distribution of funds from federal and private sources to local residential construction projects on the Upper West Side.
Redress of Japanese internment
In 1981, George served as a member of the East Coast Japanese Americans for Redress organization, which advised the federal Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians. They helped organize the November 1981 commission hearings in New York City. The hearings in turn helped shape the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 in which President Ronald Reagan and the U.S. Congress apologized for the forced removal and incarceration of Japanese American citizens and permanent residents, authorized the payment of $20,000 to each victim who was still alive, and allocated $50 million for a public education fund.
Japanese cultural education
George served as a vice president, board member, and committee chair for the Japanese American Association of New York (JAA), and organized numerous Japanese cultural, educational, and preservation activities in New York City. Between 1968 and 2001, George helped plan cultural celebrations such as Nipponanza at the Beacon Theater in 1979. Nipponanza was part of a nationwide festival featuring Japanese arts and culture.
In 1980, George coordinated the renovation of a Japanese burial plot at Willow Grove Cemetery in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Established in 1870, the plot contains the remains of eight Japanese who died during the 1870s and 1880s and who were among the earliest Japanese settlers in the tristate region.
In 1982, George and the JAA helped establish the annual spring Sakura Matsuri Cherry Blossom Festival at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. This festival continues to the present day. During the summer of 1985, George also served on the New York-Tokyo Sister City Committee, helping to plan events that celebrated the 25th anniversary of the New York-Tokyo sister city relationship. They and then JAA president, Shigeru Inagaki, helped raise 168 Japanese cherry trees between 1992 and 2001 in Van Cortlandt Park. In April 2001, the trees were donated to New York City and transplanted to Cherry Hill Slope, where they constitute the George Yuzawa Grove.
Religious causes
A devout Methodist, they negotiated the sale of the Japanese Methodist-Episcopal Church building following the church's merger with two other congregations. In 1969 and 1970, they helped design the interior of the then-new Japanese American United Church building. They also provided leadership as a longtime chair and member of the church's board of directors.
Other associations
George worked with the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles to develop an Ellis Island exhibit called "America's Concentration Camps." They were also a founding member of the Asian & Pacific Islander Coalition on HIV/AIDS (APICHA), a member of the National Parks Conservation Association, and an advisor to Harmonia Opera. In addition, George was a charter member of the Japanese American Lions Club of New York, a member and president of the Nisei Investors of New York, and a Day of Remembrance Committee member.
Awards
George received many commendations for their years of service, including the Governor's Award for Excellence from New York Governor George Pataki and an invitation to the White House from President Jimmy Carter. In 1983, the Emperor of Japan awarded George the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 5th Class, for their service on behalf of both Japanese and non-Japanese people.
George and their wife Kimi had two children, Gene and Pat Yuzawa-Rubin, and three grandchildren. George died in October 2011. Kimi died in November 2011.
References
Asian/Pacific/American Institute at NYU. "Asian/Pacific/American Collections at New York University Libraries: The George Yuzawa Papers (TAM 442)". Retrieved 2010-06-15.
External links
George Yuzawa at the Asian/Pacific/American Institute site
George Yuzawa Papers, Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives at New York University Special Collections
Japanese American Help for the Aging, Inc. at New York University's library site
Profile of Aiko Herzig-Yoshinaga at Discover Nikkei
Japanese American Citizens League official site
Japanese-American internees
1915 births
2011 deaths
Methodists from California
American military personnel of Japanese descent
Japanese-American civil rights activists
Pag-ibig at Kamatayan: Nobelang Tagalog ("Love and Death: A Tagalog Novel") is a 1912 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Mamerto A. Hilario. The 194-page romance novel was first published in Manila, Philippines by G. Modesta Lanuza and printed by Limbagang Magiting ni Honorio Lopez (Heroic Printing Press of Honorio Lopez). The second edition of the novel was published in 1923 by Ilagan at Sanga (Ilagan and Sanga).
See also
Hiwaga ng Pag-ibig
References
1912 novels
Tagalog-language novels
Philippine romance novels
Neotogaria baenzigeri is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007. It is found in Thailand.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Oak Island is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Chambers County, Texas, United States. The population was 371 at the 2020 census.
Geography
Oak Island is located on the eastern shore of Trinity Bay near the geographic center of Chambers County. It is south of Anahuac, the Chambers County seat.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Oak Island CDP has a total area of , all of it land.
Demographics
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 371 people, 135 households, and 126 families residing in the CDP.
Hurricane Ike
On September 13, 2008, Hurricane Ike rendered about 90% of the community's homes uninhabitable.
Education
Anahuac Independent School District operates schools in the area.
Notes
References
External links
Chambers County, Texas website
Census-designated places in Chambers County, Texas
Census-designated places in Texas
Greater Houston
The Mare Liberum is a ship operated privately by the Berlin-based human rights organization of the same name. Mare Liberum e.V. has been monitoring human rights in the Aegean Sea since 2018. Until 2018, the ship was used as Sea-Watch for the "Sea-Watch e.V." association. The ship is operated under the German flag.
History
The ship was laid down in 1917 at the Verenigde Scheepswerf "Vooruit" in Enkhuizen under the construction number 122 and completed as sail-powered fishing boat Waakzaamheid (VL226) for the Visserijmaatschapij Waakzaamheid in Vlaardingen. The vessel was one of a series of 15 steel barges for mussel and fish fishing that the shipyard built between 1910 and 1926. In 1923 the ship was sold to P. J. de Baare from Breskens, who used it as Catholina (BR20) and in 1929 equipped the boat with a Kromhout diesel engine of 50 hp, built in 1921.
In 1941 the German Navy confiscated the Catholina. On 24 July 1946, the owner received their ship back in Delfzijl.
In 1949, a 112 hp Deutz diesel engine built in 1943 replaced the older Kromhout unit. In 1952 the ship was jointly transferred to J.A., A. J. and P. J. de Baare. After a new engine was installed again in 1961, this time a Berliet MDO.3.M of 150 hp, a sale to C. J. Walbroek from Breskens and renaming to Klaas (BR29), which was planned in 1961, did not materialize. Instead, the de Baare brothers sold the ship in April 1964 to J. M. van Dorpel, who registered the boat as Wilhelmina (YE138) in Yerseke. In 1966, the ship received a forward-attacking cutter stem instead of the previous barge bow - the length increased to 20.99 meters. In 1969 a Kromhout 12.TV.120 diesel engine with an output of 248 hp replaced the previous engine and in 1971 the brothers A. & W. Sinke from Colijnsplaat acquired the vessel, retaining the same name.
In 1973 M. Letsch from Scheveningen took over the Wilhelmina and renamed their Alida Jojanna (SCH138), and the following year the 24-year-old Douwe Amels from Makkum bought the ship and named their Albertina (WON52). In 1976 the ship was sold again, this time to H. Bout from Colijnsplaat, who registered it in Kortgene and used it as Zeearend (KG5) until 1979, before passing it on to the Nelis brothers, who chose the name Albatros (KG12). In 1981 the company Van Dienst & Westdorp from Goedereede took over the cutter, called it De Wil en't Gemoed, with the fishing vessel license number GO46, and had a Mitsubishi S6 BTK diesel engine of 240 hp installed. After the ship was once again transferred to A. van Dienst in 1983, they retired from commercial shipping in 1985 and was acquired by J. A. L. Jansen-Fijnaart as the leisure vessel Ran GO 46. In 1987 the ship received a new engine, a 340 hp MAN, which is still installed today.
Sea-Watch
After many years of private use and an interim sale to the de Vogel family, Harald Höppner acquired the ship from Multiships in 2015 for the use of the privately financed Sea-Watch project. After a conversion and equipment for medical first aid, installation of a satellite system, life jackets and life rafts, the ship began the journey to the Mediterranean, where the former fishing cutter is used to rescue boat refugees at sea.
Mare Liberum
In 2018 the boat was sold to the Mare Liberum e.V. association. Since then, the ship has been carrying out human rights monitoring at sea under the name Mare Liberum. The Aegean Sea is part of an escape route from Turkey to the Greek islands, on which there are frequent drownings.
The ship was temporarily detained in port in 2020 because the German Ministry of Transport (BMVI) had changed the Ship Safety Ordinance and NGO ships that are used for humanitarian or similar purposes are now confronted with requirements in terms of construction, equipment and crew that otherwise only commercial shipping must meet. So there was a request for a corresponding ship safety certificate from Mare Liberum for their two units, Mare Liberum and the 15m sailing yacht Sebastian K.
At the beginning of September 2020, the ship was searched by Greek border guards in Perama on Lesbos. The activists themselves complained about the "criminalization of human rights work" by the Greek authorities. On 28 September the Greek police announced in a press release that 35 people and four NGOs were being investigated on Lesbos. However, Mare Liberum was not officially named. On 2 October 2020, the Hamburg Administrative Court declared the Ministry's detention order inadmissible because the Ministry of Transport had failed to inform the European Commission of the draft of the amended regulation before it was enacted.
The Mare Liberum association was able to document a total of 321 incidents between March and December 2020, in which 9,798 refugees were forcibly driven back to Turkey. The Greek coast guard would have been the main protagonist and, according to survivors, Frontex and NATO were also involved in some cases.
References
External links
Information on the use of the ship from Mare Liberum
Ship information, on the website of the Sea-Watch association
European migrant crisis
Immigrant rights activism
Humanitarian aid organizations in Europe
Refugee aid organizations in Europe
Polisportiva Castellarano Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Castellarano, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Eccellenza Emilia–Romagna.
History
The club was founded in 2000.
The highest category in which it has played is Serie D.
Colors and badge
Its colors are red and blue.
Honours
Regional Coppa Italia Emilia–Romagna:
Winners 1: 2011–12
External links
Official web
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
Association football clubs established in 2000
2000 establishments in Italy
Anduelo Amoeferie (born 24 September 1991) is a Surinamese professional footballer who plays as a full-back for SVB Eerste Divisie club Inter Moengotapoe and the Suriname national team.
International career
Amoeferie made their international debut for Suriname in a 1–0 friendly victory over Guyana on 30 April 2015.
In June 2021 Amoeferie was named to the Suriname squad for the 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Honours
Inter Moengotapoe
SVB Eerste Divisie: 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17, 2018–19
SVB Cup: 2011–12, 2016–17, 2018–19
Suriname President's Cup: 2012, 2013, 2017, 2019
Caribbean Club Shield runner-up: 2018
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Surinamese footballers
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Association football defenders
Association football fullbacks
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Inter Moengotapoe players
Suriname international footballers
2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Zaysan (, ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Zaysan. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
The 2009 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round was the first round of the 2009 Superbike World Championship. It took place over the weekend of 27 February–1 March 2009, at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit near Cowes, Victoria, Australia.
Results
Superbike race 1
Superbike race 2
Supersport race
References
Superbike Race 1
Superbike Race 2
Supersport Race
External links
The official website of the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit
The official website of the Superbike World Championship
Philip Island
Motorsport at Phillip Island
Superbike World Championship round
Superbike
Superbike
Tønsberg Cove () is a cove southeast of Penguin Point on the north coast of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. It was charted in 1912-13 by Petter Sørlle, a Norwegian whaling captain and named after the Tønsberg Hvalfangeri, of Tønsberg, Norway, a company which operated a permanent whaling base in the South Orkney Islands in the period 1920–30.
References
Coronation Island
Coves of the South Orkney Islands
St. Paul Lutheran Church is a small historic frame church in located about north of Mansura, Louisiana.
It was built in 1916 to replace a previous building and features elements of the Gothic Revival and Queen Anne Revival styles. The main historic importance of this building was its usage as a school for local residents since its construction in 1916 through the late 1930s, as it was the only available educational opportunity for local black children until it ceased to be used as a school.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
Lutheran churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Gothic Revival church buildings in Louisiana
Queen Anne architecture in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1916
Churches in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
1916 establishments in Louisiana
Marcus Loader (born 5 November 1943) is a British former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1943 births
Living people
British male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Great Britain
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rugby, Warwickshire
Paata Shamugia (in Georgian: პაატა შამუგია) – the most influential and provocative contemporary Georgian poet. Their texts, according to Georgian literary scholars, comprise a high amount of self-irony and sometimes, even weird linguistic performances as well. In 2015 year they became the first Georgian poet to get the most prestigious SABA literary prize twice.
After publishing their début poem "Panther's Skin" in 2006 in 2006 (in which author countered so-called "Georgian Bible" "The knight in the panther's skin"), they gained wide popularity in Georgian public. During several months in the Georgian press and TV people had disputed around this book. Even the Georgian parliament members demanded to ban the book because of its “harmful behavior” and disrespect of the tradition. The members of the Radical Orthodox Parents' Union published a letter dedicated to Shamugia
in the newspaper “Asaval-Dasavali”, in which they asked to Georgian Orthodox Church to pronounce them an anathema.
In 2010 Paata Shamugia published book "Preference", Was commended by the critics and estimated as an author's best book.
In 2015 year publishing-house INTELEKTI published Paata Shamugia's famous book SCHIZO-NATIONAL ANTHEMS, which brought them most prestigious literary prize of Georgia for the second time. The Greek translation of SCHIZO-NATIONAL ANTHEMS became a Greek bestseller and the Greek Esquire included it among the 10 favorite books of the Greek reader.
As a literary critic and poet, George Lobjanidze has mentioned, "Paata Shamugia's poetry is the most adequate for the reality of today, because no one reader remains indifferent toward their texts. For some people - and mostly for their peers or the younger generations - Paata is an idol. Some strongly believes he's a mason, godless, anti traditional etc..."
"One can randomly open SCHIZO-NATIONAL ANTHEMS at any page and find an inspiring quotation - an influential social message, slogan, motto - as the best sample of intertextuality; as an innovative, quite an unusual product born between poetic and mathematic logics" - Poet and literary critic Shota Iatashvili has emphasized in their review.
Biography
Paata Shamugia was born in Georgia (country), Abkhazia, Graduated from the philological faculty at Tbilisi state university. Since 2018 year Paata Shamugia was a president of The Georgian PEN Georgia.
Shamugia's poems are translated in more than 20 languages.
Rewards
2012 - Paata Shamugia won SABA - the most prestigious literary award of Georgia and their book ACATISTE was named as the best book of the year.
2012 - The Art magazine HOT CHOCOLATE named Paata Shamugia the person of the Year.
2015 - Paata Shamugia won SABA literary prize for the second time - and their book SCHIZO-NATIONAL ANTHEMS was named as the best book of the year.
1983 births
Living people
21st-century male writers
21st-century poets from Georgia (country)
Male poets from Georgia (country)
Mustapha Bakkoury (Arabic: مصطفى البكوري; born 20 December 1964, Mohammedia, Morocco) is a Moroccan business person, engineer and politician.  They are chairperson of the board of the Moroccan Solar Energy Agency and the council president of the Casablanca-Settat region. They were born in Mohammedia, but is a native of Taounate.
Origins and studies
Bakkoury is an engineer who graduated from the École des ponts ParisTech in 1990 and holds a DESS in banking and finance.
Professional career
From 1989 to 1991, they were the head of junior projects at BNP Paribas in the department of large international projects. They were also senior project manager at the BNP Intercontinentale in the department of Financial Engineering. By the end of 1991, they were responsible for their financial activities, and then from 1993 to 1995, was responsible for the clientele of large companies within the BMCI, a subsidiary of BNP Paribas. From 1995 to 1998, they were responsible for the development and financing of the activities of the National Society for Municipal Planning (SONADAC), a mixed company, they were responsible for major development projects in the metropolis of Casablanca. From 1998 to 2001, they were in charge of the business banking division at BMCI.
From 2001 to 13 June 2009, they were appointed by the king of Morocco Mohammed VI to be the General Manager of the Caisse de dépôt et de gestion. On 30 December 2009, King Mohammed VI appointed them as chairperson of the board of the Moroccan Agency for Sustainable Energy (MASEN). They were instrumental in MASEN's biggest achievement so far, the completion of the 582 MW Ouarzazate Solar Power Station
Bakkoury organized the Moroccan pavilion at the Expo 2020 in Dubai.
Political career
Bakkoury's first steps into politics came in 2007 when they joined the Movement of All Democrats founded by Fouad Ali El Himma, which later became the Authenticity and Modernity Party. On 19 February 2012, they were elected Secretary General of the Authenticity and Modernity Party. During the communal and regional elections of 2015, they presented themselves in Mohammedia and their party won 8 out of 47 seats.
On 14 September 2015, they were elected council president of the Casablanca-Settat region with the support of the elected RNI.
MASEN Scandal
In the context of the 2021 Moroccan general election there was potentially politically motivated inquiry into Bakkoury's management of MASEN and especially the technology choice of Concentrated solar power. Because of the investigation they were replaced as the General Commissioner of the Moroccan pavilion at the Dubai Universal Exhibition 2021, but remains the head of MASEN as of 2022.
Professional Affiliations
President of the Moroccan Federation of Insurance and Reinsurance Companies.
Member of the Board of Directors of the Mohammed V Foundation
Member of the Steering Committee of the Mohammed VI Foundation for Education.
Notes and references
1964 births
Living people
French engineers
Moroccan engineers
Moroccan businesspeople
Moroccan politicians
Advisors of Mohammed VI of Morocco
École des Ponts ParisTech alumni
Percobaltates are chemical compounds where the oxidation state of cobalt is +5. This is the highest established oxidation state of cobalt. The simplest of these are bi-metallic Group 1 oxides such as sodium percobaltate (Na3CoO4); which may be produced by the reaction of cobalt(II,III) oxide and sodium oxide, using oxygen as the oxidant:
4 Co3O4 + 18 Na2O + 7 O2 → 12 Na3CoO4
The potassium salt can be synthesized similarly; its magnetic moment has indicated the existence of cobalt(V). No crystallographic analysis has been reported for either material. Percobaltates can be stabilized by use of oxides or fluorides.
A number of organometallic Co(V) complexes have also been reported.
See also
Caesium hexafluorocobaltate(IV)
References
Salts
Cobalt compounds
Oxometallates
Cape Lachman () is a cape marking the northern tip of James Ross Island, which lies south of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskiöld, who named it for J. Lachman, a patron of the expedition.
References
Headlands of James Ross Island
UKTV Bright Ideas was a digital television channel broadcast in the United Kingdom, which was part of the UKTV family of channels. The channel broadcast a variety of programmes, often originally aired on UKTV Style, UKTV Food and UKTV Gardens, and are thus mainly cookery, DIY and gardening.
History
The channel was launched on 15 January 2003 as UK Bright Ideas, initially for the Freeview digital terrestrial television platform, but later expanded to other platforms. Along with the rest of the UKTV network, the "UK" prefix was changed to "UKTV" on 8 March 2004 and it became UKTV Bright Ideas. It timeshared with Ftn, which has since been closed down and replaced with Virgin1 on 1 October 2007.
The channel was available on digital terrestrial television (Freeview), Sky Digital and Virgin Media.
In September 2007 UKTV announced that UKTV Bright Ideas, which only averaged 0.1% of the audience share, would be replaced on Freeview by Dave, as of 15 October.
UKTV Bright Ideas ceased broadcasting on all platforms on 14 October 2007 at 6pm. The last programme on the channel was an episode of Antiques Roadshow, followed by a promotion of Dave.
Former programming
A House in Florida - UKTV Style
Antiques Roadshow - UKTV History
Ching's Kitchen - UKTV Food
Design ER - UKTV Style
Fly to Buy - UKTV Style
Food Uncut - UKTV Food
Garden Rivals - UKTV Gardens
Great Food Live - UKTV Food
Heaven's Kitchen at Large - UKTV Food
House Chain: Under Offer - UKTV Style
House in Spain - UKTV Style
James Martin Digs Deep
My Favourite Garden - UKTV Gardens
Model Gardens - UKTV Gardens
Our House - UKTV Style
Perfect Properties - UKTV Style
Ready Steady Cook - UKTV Food
Safari Chef with Mike Robinson - UKTV Food
Summer Live - UKTV Style
The Thai Way - UKTV Food
Tuscany to Go - UKTV Food
Worrall Thompson
References
External links
The TV Room looks at presentation/branding on the UKTV channels
Defunct British television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2003
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2007
UKTV
UKTV channels
George Andrew Hendrick Jr. (born October 18, 1949) is an American former professional baseball player and coach. They played in Major League Baseball as an outfielder between and , most prominently as an integral member of the St. Louis Cardinals team that won the 1982 World Series.
A four-time All-Star and a two-time Silver Slugger Award winner, Hendrick led the major leagues with 20 outfield assists in and, led the Cardinals in home runs every year from through . They also won a World Series with the Oakland Athletics in and was a member of the 1986 California Angels division-winning team. They also played for the Cleveland Indians, San Diego Padres and the Pittsburgh Pirates. Hendrick is currently the special advisor to baseball operations for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Playing career
Over 18 seasons, Hendrick posted a .278 batting average with 267 home runs and 1,111 RBI. Their career stats included 941 runs, 1,980 hits, 343 doubles, 59 stolen bases, 567 walks, .329 on-base percentage and a .446 slugging percentage in 7,129 at-bats. Playing at all three outfield positions and first base, they compiled a .987 fielding percentage.
Hendrick began their baseball career in the minor leagues with Burlington in 1968, leading the league with a .327 batting average and 25 doubles. They were an all-star four times—twice with Cleveland in 1974 and 1975 and twice with St. Louis in 1980 and 1983—and they finished in the top 15 in league MVP voting four consecutive years between 1980 and 1983. Hendrick was one of the first players to hit 100 home runs in each league—150 for the National League and 117 for the American League. They were the first MLB player to wear their pant legs down to their ankles. They were nicknamed "Jogging George" and "Captain Easy" because of their reputation for not running plays out or giving 100% effort and "Silent George" because of their longstanding policy of not talking to the media.
Angels beat reporter Lisa Nehus Saxon, one of the first women to cover an MLB team, credited Hendrick for protecting them from Reggie Jackson's harassment and verbal abuse.
Hendrick played winter ball with the Cangrejeros de Santurce club of the Puerto Rico League, where they won the batting title in the 1973−1974 tournament. They also played for the Gold Coast Suns of the Senior Professional Baseball Association in its 1989 inaugural season.
Transactions involving Hendrick
On March 24, 1973, the Oakland A's traded Hendrick, with catcher Dave Duncan, to the Cleveland Indians for catcher Ray Fosse and shortstop Jack Heidemann.
On December 8, 1976, the Indians traded them to the San Diego Padres for outfielder John Grubb, catcher Fred Kendall, and infielder Héctor Torres.
On May 26, 1978, the Padres traded Hendrick to the St. Louis Cardinals for pitcher Eric Rasmussen.
On December 12, 1984, the Cardinals traded him, with catcher Steve Barnard, to the Pittsburgh Pirates for pitcher John Tudor and outfielder Brian Harper.
On August 2, 1985, the Pirates traded Hendrick, along with pitchers John Candelaria and Al Holland, to the California Angels for infielder Mike Brown, pitcher Pat Clements, and a player to be named later (Bob Kipper).
Coaching career
Hendrick began their coaching career with the Cardinals as a minor league hitting/outfield instructor from 1993 to 1995 before becoming the hitting coach of the big league club from 1996 to 1997. After leaving the Cardinals, they worked as coach at various levels in the California Angels and Los Angeles Dodgers systems from 1998 to 2005. On November 21, 2005, Hendrick was named as a first base/outfield coach for Tampa Bay, a position they held through the end of the 2014 season. They then became Special Advisor to Baseball Operations for the Rays.
Personal life
Their son, Brian, played college basketball for the California Golden Bears.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders
List of Major League Baseball career runs batted in leaders
List of St. Louis Cardinals team records
List of St. Louis Cardinals coaches
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
African-American baseball coaches
African-American baseball players
American League All-Stars
Anaheim Angels coaches
Baseball players from Los Angeles
Birmingham A's players
Burlington Bees players
California Angels players
Cangrejeros de Santurce (baseball) players
Cleveland Indians players
Gold Coast Suns (baseball) players
Iowa Oaks players
John C. Fremont High School alumni
Liga de Béisbol Profesional Roberto Clemente outfielders
Lodi Crushers players
Los Angeles Dodgers coaches
Major League Baseball center fielders
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
Major League Baseball right fielders
Minor league baseball managers
National League All-Stars
Oakland Athletics players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
San Diego Padres players
Silver Slugger Award winners
St. Louis Cardinals coaches
St. Louis Cardinals players
Tampa Bay Devil Rays coaches
Tampa Bay Rays coaches
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
K Train or simply K may refer to:
New York City Subway
K (Broadway Brooklyn Local), earlier KK, discontinued in 1976
K (Eighth Avenue Local), replaced the AA in 1985 and merged into the C in 1988
San Francisco
K Ingleside, Muni Metro line serving the West Portal and Ingleside neighborhoods
Ayal Katha Ezhuthukayanu () is a 1998 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama film directed by Kamal and written by Sreenivasan based on a story by Siddique. The plot follows the travails of an eccentric and wasted pulp fiction writer, Sagar Kottapuram (Mohanlal), and their friend Ramakrishnan (Sreenivasan), who are dragged into a lawsuit by a vengeful Tahsildar, S. Priyadarshini (Nandini). The film features songs composed by Raveendran and background score by C. Rajamani.
Plot
Ramakrishnan, a newly appointed Tahsildar in the city, comes to take charge but is blocked by the incumbent Tahsildar, S. Priyadarshini. Priyadarshini is a strict and rude officer and is much hated by the staff and associates in the Taluk Office. So they readily offer to help Ramakrishnan and arrange a house next to Priyadarshini's house for them to stay in the interim. Meanwhile, Sagar Kottapuram, a friend of Ramakrishnan and a novelist, comes to stay with him. But they mistakenly enter Priyadarshini's house, completely drunk, and sleeps in their bed. When Priyadarshini comes home, they mistake them to be a thief and calls the police, who arrest him. But the local Sub Inspector of Police, being a fan of Sagar's novels, lets them off their charges. That night, Sagar gets into a fight with Priyadarshini and vows to get them off their Tahsildar post within 24 hours. The next day Ramakrishnan themselves assumes charge as Tahsildar according to Sagar's instruction. When Priyadarshini comes and sees this, they lock them inside the office room. Sagar finds out about this when they call Ramakrishnan. They inform the press about the Tahsildar being locked inside the room by the former Tahsildar. The press rushes to the scene; the district collector also arrives and suspends Priyadarshini. Ramakrishnan and Sagar celebrate their victory.
The next day Priyadarshini comes to their house and apologizes. They also invite them for breakfast. During breakfast, Priyadarshini becomes hysterical and tries to kill themselves using the table knife. Sagar and Ramakrishnan try to hold them back, but their maid Thresiamma mistaking them to be molesting Priyadarshini, screams and runs out of the house. They get arrested for rape attempt. Mammachen, the owner of the magazine "Manchadi" gets them out on bail.Sagar wants to take revenge but is calmed down by Mammachen and Ramakrishnan. They decide to write a novel called "Oru Gazetted Yekshi" portraying the life of a corrupt and seditious Municipal Commissioner with an appearance matching Priyadarshini's to take vengeance against them After many indirect abuses through the novel, the rape case is heard at the court where Priyadarshini's advocate, K.G. Nambiar reveals that Priyadarshini and Sagar were previously engaged but not married, and that Sagar tried to rape them in revenge for this. But neither knew the truth until then. Sagar then writes their own story in the novel. Years back they had been working in the United Arab Emirates and their marriage was arranged with a girl named Priya by their sister, Padmini. But they never gets to see them photograph. When they come home for the wedding, they hear that they eloped with their lover the day before the wedding. This leaves Sagar heartbroken and they never returns for work and becomes an alcoholic.
Jithu, Priya's cousin, comes to see him, and they reveal that they studied together in a boarding school in Ootacamund. "Once during their start of vacation, at the farewell party, Priya had accidentally drunk liquor and become unconscious on their way home. They deboard the bus and while at a hotel, they had got them showered and removed their wet clothes while covering them with a blanket. Priya, after waking up, mistakenly thought that Jithu had violated them and had become mentally disturbed. They also reveal that after they eloped before the wedding, they had come to them and tried to kill them but got transferred to a mental asylum."
Sagar tries to see Priyadarshini but finds out that she's been admitted to a mental asylum. Feeling guilty that he's responsible for their present situation, Sagar asks the doctor and their relatives' permission to help them heal. They fake a wedding arrangement hoping that would bring them back to normal. On the day after the wedding, when Priya wakes up, they still feel that their life is only haunted by their previous incident with Jithu. They finally accept that the thoughts of them being violated were made by their mind and acknowledges their love for Sagar.
Cast
Mohanlal as Vidyasagar a.k.a Sagar Kottappuram
Sreenivasan as Ramakrishnan
Nandini as S. Priyadarshini / Priya Menon
Krishna as Jithu
Innocent as Manchadi Mammachen
Siddique as Adv. K. G. Nambiar
Nedumudi Venu as Psychiatrist Dr. Subhash
Srividya as Padmini, Sagar's sister
Devan as Mohanan, Sagar's brother in law
Jagadish as Sainuddin
T. P. Madhavan as Police Sub Inspector
Augustine as Manchadi magazine Editor Roy
Sreejaya Nair as Shobha
Kulappulli Leela as Thresiamma
Latheef as Adv. Gopinathan
Vijayan Peringode as uncle of Sagar
Samvrutha Sunil (Cameo appearance)
Soundtrack
The most critically acclaimed and popular songs of this film were written by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri and composed by maestro Raveendran. The songs were on chart for weeks and the song Etho Nidrathan by K.J. Yesudas become highly popular and won Kerala State Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer. Around two decades later, the songs are still popular among masses.
Release
The film released on 23 December 1998 and was a commercial success.
A critic from Deccan Herald wrote "A weak storyline that drags through the first half is held alive by some witty dialogues and some very good acting by Kausalya."
References
External links
1998 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Raveendran
1990s romantic comedy-drama films
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
Films with screenplays by Sreenivasan
Films directed by Kamal (director)
1998 comedy films
1998 drama films
Films shot in Dubai
Lynch Island is an island lying in the eastern part of Marshall Bay, close off the south coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands, Antarctica.
History
The island was roughly charted in 1912–13 by Petter Sørlle, a Norwegian whaling captain, and surveyed in 1933 by Discovery Investigations personnel. The island was resurveyed in 1948–49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Thomas Lynch, an American sealer who visited the South Orkney Islands in the schooner Express in 1880.
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
The island has been designated an Antarctic Specially Protected Area (ASPA 110) for its biological values, especially its relatively luxuriant plant communities. The continent's only two flowering plants, Antarctic hair grass and Antarctic pearlwort, are abundant. The soils associated with the grass swards contain a rich invertebrate fauna.
See also
List of Antarctic and subantarctic islands
References
Islands of the South Orkney Islands
Antarctic Specially Protected Areas
Ridge Peak () is a pyramidal rocky peak, 510 m, from which a prominent ridge extends eastward, standing 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km) southwest of Trepassey Bay between Cairn Hill and Lizard Hill on Tabarin Peninsula. This area was first explored by a party of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04. Ridge Peak was charted and named by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), 1946.
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Ohio's 6th senatorial district has always been based in Dayton, Ohio. It consists of about two-thirds of Montgomery County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 40, 41 and 42. It has a Cook PVI of R+9. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Niraj Antani. They reside in Miamisburg, Ohio, a city located in Montgomery County, Ohio
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 6th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Dayton, Ohio
"Is Logic Empirical?" is the title of two articles (one by Hilary Putnam and another by Michael Dummett) that discuss the idea that the algebraic properties of logic may, or should, be empirically determined; in particular, they deal with the question of whether empirical facts about quantum phenomena may provide grounds for revising classical logic as a consistent logical rendering of reality. The replacement derives from the work of Garrett Birkhoff and John von Neumann on quantum logic. In their work, they showed that the outcomes of quantum measurements can be represented as binary propositions and that these quantum mechanical propositions can be combined in a similar way as propositions in classical logic. However, the algebraic properties of this structure are somewhat different from those of classical propositional logic in that the principle of distributivity fails.
The idea that the principles of logic might be susceptible to revision on empirical grounds has many roots, including the work of W. V. Quine and the foundational studies of Hans Reichenbach.
W. V. Quine
What is the epistemological status of the laws of logic? What sort of arguments is appropriate for criticising purported principles of logic? In their seminal paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism," the logician and philosopher W. V. Quine argued that all beliefs are in principle subject to revision in the face of empirical data, including the so-called analytic propositions. Thus the laws of logic, being paradigmatic cases of analytic propositions, are not immune to revision.
To justify this claim they cited the so-called paradoxes of quantum mechanics. Birkhoff and von Neumann proposed to resolve those paradoxes by abandoning the principle of distributivity, thus substituting their quantum logic for classical logic.
Quine did not at first seriously pursue this argument, providing no sustained argument for the claim in that paper. In Philosophy of Logic (the chapter titled "Deviant Logics"), Quine rejects the idea that classical logic should be revised in response to the paradoxes, being concerned with "a serious loss of simplicity", and "the handicap of having to think within a deviant logic". Quine, though, stood by their claim that logic is in principle not immune to revision.
Hans Reichenbach
Reichenbach considered one of the anomalies associated with quantum mechanics, the problem of complementary properties. A pair of properties of a system is said to be complementary if each one of them can be assigned a truth value in some experimental setup, but there is no setup which assigns a truth value to both properties. The classic example of complementarity is illustrated by the double-slit experiment in which a photon can be made to exhibit particle-like properties or wave-like properties, depending on the experimental setup used to detect its presence. Another example of complementary properties is that of having a precisely observed position or momentum.
Reichenbach approached the problem within the philosophical program of the logical positivists, wherein the choice of an appropriate language was not a matter of the truth or falsity of a given language – in this case, the language used to describe quantum mechanics – but a matter of "technical advantages of language systems". Their solution to the problem was a logic of properties with a three-valued semantics; each property could have one of three possible truth-values: true, false, or indeterminate. The formal properties of such a logical system can be given by a set of fairly simple rules, certainly far simpler than the "projection algebra" that Birkhoff and von Neumann had introduced a few years earlier.
First article: Hilary Putnam
In their paper "Is Logic Empirical?" Hilary Putnam, whose PhD studies were supervised by Reichenbach, pursued Quine's idea systematically. In the first place, they made an analogy between laws of logic and laws of geometry: at one time Euclid's postulates were believed to be truths about the physical space in which we live, but modern physical theories are based around non-Euclidean geometries, with a different and fundamentally incompatible notion of straight line.
In particular, they claimed that what physicists have learned about quantum mechanics provides a compelling case for abandoning certain familiar principles of classical logic for this reason: realism about the physical world, which Putnam generally maintains, demands that we square up to the anomalies associated with quantum phenomena. Putnam understands realism about physical objects to entail the existence of the properties of momentum and position for quanta. Since the uncertainty principle says that either of them can be determined, but both cannot be determined at the same time, they face a paradox. They see the only possible resolution of the paradox as lying in the embrace of quantum logic, which they believe is not inconsistent.
Quantum logic
The formal laws of a physical theory are justified by a process of repeated controlled observations. This from a physicist's point of view is the meaning of the empirical nature of these laws.
The idea of a propositional logic with rules radically different from Boolean logic in itself was not new. Indeed a sort of analogy had been established in the mid-nineteen thirties by Garrett Birkhoff and John von Neumann between a non-classical propositional logic and some aspects of the measurement process in quantum mechanics. Putnam and the physicist David Finkelstein proposed that there was more to this correspondence than a loose analogy: that in fact there was a logical system whose semantics was given by a lattice of projection operators on a Hilbert space. This, actually, was the correct logic for reasoning about the microscopic world.
In this view, classical logic was merely a limiting case of this new logic. If this were the case, then our "preconceived" Boolean logic would have to be rejected by empirical evidence in the same way Euclidean geometry (taken as the correct geometry of physical space) was rejected on the basis of (the facts supporting the theory of) general relativity. This argument is in favor of the view that the rules of logic are empirical.
That logic came to be known as quantum logic. There are, however, few philosophers today who regard this logic as a replacement for classical logic; Putnam themselves may not have held that view any longer at the end of their life. Quantum logic is still used as a foundational formalism for quantum mechanics: but in a way in which primitive events are not interpreted as atomic sentences but rather in operational terms as possible outcomes of observations. As such, quantum logic provides a unified and consistent mathematical theory of physical observables and quantum measurement.
Second article: Michael Dummett
In an article also titled "Is Logic Empirical?," Michael Dummett argues that Putnam's desire for realism mandates distributivity: the principle of distributivity is essential for the realist's understanding of how propositions are true of the world, in just the same way as they argue the principle of bivalence is. To grasp why, consider why truth tables work for classical logic: first, it must be the case that the variable parts of the proposition are either true or false: if they could be other values, or fail to have truth values at all, then the truth table analysis of logical connectives would not exhaust the possible ways these could be applied. For example intuitionistic logic respects the classical truth tables, but not the laws of classical logic, because intuitionistic logic allows propositions to be other than true or false. Secondly, to be able to apply truth tables to describe a connective depends upon distributivity: a truth table is a disjunction of conjunctive possibilities, and the validity of the exercise depends upon the truth of the whole being a consequence of the bivalence of the propositions, which is true only if the principle of distributivity applies.
Hence Putnam cannot embrace realism without embracing classical logic, and hence their argument to endorse quantum logic because of realism about quanta is a hopeless case.
Dummett's argument is all the more interesting because they are not a proponent of classical logic. Their argument for the connection between realism and classical logic is part of a wider argument to suggest that, just as the existence of particular class of entities may be a matter of dispute, so a disputation about the objective existence of such entities is also a matter of dispute. Consequently intuitionistic logic is privileged over classical logic, when it comes to disputation concerning phenomena whose objective existence is a matter of controversy.
Thus the question, "Is Logic Empirical?," for Dummett, leads naturally into the dispute over realism and anti-realism, one of the deepest issues in modern metaphysics.
Notes
Cognitive science literature
Logic literature
Epistemology literature
Contemporary philosophical literature
Empiricism
Avianca Costa Rica S.A., formerly known as LACSA (Spanish: Lineas Aéreas Costarricenses S.A.), minority owned by the Synergy Group, is the national airline of Costa Rica and is based in San José. It operates international scheduled services to over 35 destinations in Central, North and South America. The airline previously used the TACA/LACSA moniker when it was a subsidiary of Grupo TACA. Since May 2013, following Avianca's purchase of Grupo TACA, Avianca Costa Rica became one of seven nationally branded airlines (Avianca Ecuador, Avianca Honduras, etc.) operated by Avianca Group of Latin American airlines.
History
LACSA was formed in October 17, 1945, with the help of Pan American World Airways, and started operations in June 1, 1946, using Douglas DC-3s for local services within Costa Rica, operating as an affiliate of Pan Am. The airline was designated as Costa Rica's Flag carrier in 1949. It was nationalized in 1958.
LACSA operated the Douglas DC-6B four-engined piston airliner from 1960 until 1976 on their regular passenger, and eventually freight, scheduled flights to Miami International Airport. The airline introduced the first of their BAC One-Eleven twin-engined jet airliners onto their Caribbean passenger route network in April 1967.
The airline also operated a subsidiary in the Cayman Islands, Cayman Brac Airways (CBA) Ltd., which it sold a 51% controlling interest in the late 1960s to the Cayman Islands government which in turn used the air carrier to form Cayman Airways. LACSA served Grand Cayman for many years as an intermediate stop on its services between San José, Costa Rica and Miami.
Beginning 1998, TACA/LACSA was one of the member airlines comprising the TACA Airlines alliance along with Aviateca of Guatemala, Nica of Nicaragua, Isleña of Honduras, and five other regional airlines. In 2008, a new fleet of Embraer 190 jets was introduced.
Also in 2008 a new TACA logo was introduced, followed by a new fleet of Embraer 190 airplanes registered in Costa Rica and operated under the LACSA code. In 2009, Aerovías del Continente Americano S.A. (Avianca) and TACA announced their merger plans to be completed in 2010. By 2013, the airlines began operating as a single commercial brand using the Avianca name.
Destinations
LACSA international destinations in 1973
According to the May 31, 1973 LACSA system timetable, the airline was serving the following international destinations:
Barranquilla, Colombia
Caracas, Venezuela
Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
Maracaibo, Venezuela
Mexico City, Mexico
Miami, Florida
Panama City, Panama
San Andres Island, Colombia
San José, Costa Rica - Hub and airline headquarters
San Salvador, El Salvador
This same timetable states that all international flights were being operated with British Aircraft Corporation BAC One-Eleven twin jets at this time with the exception of the San José-San Andres Island route which was being flown with a Convair 440 propliner.
International routes in 1984
The airline was operating to such international destinations in 1984 as:
Barranquilla, Colombia
Cancun, Mexico
Caracas, Venezuela
Guatemala City, Guatemala
Guayaquil, Ecuador
Los Angeles, USA
Maracaibo, Venezuela
Mexico City, Mexico
Miami, USA
New Orleans, USA
Panama City, Panama
Quito, Ecuador
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
San Juan, Puerto Rico
San Salvador, El Salvador
These cities were flown to using LACSA's Boeing 727.
Fleet
Current
As of March 2022, Avianca Costa Rica consists of the following aircraft:
Former
LACSA operated the following aircraft:
Accidents and incidents
On May 23, 1988, a leased Boeing 727-100 (registered TI-LRC), operating the route San José-Managua-Miami, collided with a fence at the end of the runway in the Juan Santamaría International Airport, crashed at a nearby field next to a highway, and caught fire. The excess of weight in the front part of the airplane was the cause of the accident. There were no fatalities out of the 23 occupants.
On 11 January 1998, LACSA flight 691, an Airbus A320-200, veered off a runway at San Francisco International Airport during the takeoff roll. The aircraft left the runway at full speed, coming to rest in a field of mud. The runway was closed after the incident, reducing take-off capacity by 50 percent, leading to massive delays at the airport. None of the 122 passengers on board the aircraft sustained injuries, and stayed at a hotel until another aircraft could transport them to their destination, San José, Costa Rica. The cause of the incident was not determined.
See also
List of airlines of Costa Rica
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
TACA Official website
From LACSA to TACA to Avianca, 28 May 2013
Airlines established in 1945
Airlines of Costa Rica
Avianca
Grupo TACA
Oscar Alexander Santis Cayax (born 25 March 1999) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays as a forward for Liga Nacional club Comunicaciones and the Guatemala national team.
Santis debuted internationally on their youth team with the U20 team on 2 November 2018, and scored their first goal for the team against Guyana in the 2018 CONCACAF U-20 Championship in a 4–0 victory.
On 24 February 2021, they made their senior debut in a friendly match against Nicaragua in a 1–0 victory.
On 4 June 2021, at the 2022 World Cup qualifying match against St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Santis scored their first senior goal for Guatemala in a 10–0 victory.
International goals
Honours
Comunicaciones
CONCACAF League: 2021
Liga Nacional de Guatemala: Clausura 2022
Individual
CONCACAF League Best Young Player: 2021
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Guatemalan footballers
Sportspeople from Guatemala City
Association football midfielders
C.D. Suchitepéquez players
Comunicaciones F.C. players
Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala players
Guatemala international footballers
Guatemala under-20 international footballers
2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
"Crazy Days" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Adam Gregory. It was released as the first single from Crazy Days, their first album to be released in the United States. It reached number 98 on the Canadian Hot 100. It also peaked at number 33 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in the United States.
Chart positions
References
2008 singles
Adam Gregory songs
Songs written by Lee Brice
Songs written by Kyle Jacobs (songwriter)
Big Machine Records singles
Midas Records Nashville singles
Music videos directed by Wes Edwards
Songs written by Joe Leathers
2008 songs
Veltrusy Mansion (Czech: Zámek Veltrusy) is a baroque château in Veltrusy, Bohemia, located in the Mělník District of the Czech Republic. The mansion is situated near the banks of the Vltava River, about 25 km north of Prague. The mansion is open to the public for visits.
The mansion was initially built in 1716 by architect František Maxmilián Kaňka for Count Václav Antonín Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín. The original mansion was extended in 1764 by architect Giovanni Battista Alliprandi on the orders of Count Rudolf Chotek of Chotkov and Vojnín, who also commissioned the interior decoration. Further extensions and the annexes of the mansion were constructed in 1804.
References
Veltrusy
External links
Veltrusy Mansion website (in Czech)
Zámek Veltrusy website (in Czech)
Veltrusy
Veltrusy
Veltrusy
Mělník District
Buildings and structures in the Central Bohemian Region
National Cultural Monuments of the Czech Republic
1716 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
The Hart Building is a historic commercial building located at 26-30 West 3rd Street at the corner of Court Street in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1895, and is a three-story, steel frame building measuring approximately . Exterior decorative elements include pressed brickwork, terra cotta, carved stone, wood window sash and frame, and pressed metal cornice and window trim. It was designed by noted Williamsport architect Amos S. Wagner.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Williamsport, Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Commercial buildings completed in 1895
National Register of Historic Places in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
Moroccan Roll (1977) is the second studio album by British jazz fusion group Brand X. The title is a pun referring to this being their second album: "more rock and roll", however, Moroccan Roll is not a step toward the rock & roll side of the fusion equation, but rather an experiment with Eastern sounds and softer textures. The album is mostly instrumental. "Sun in the Night" contains vocals sung by Brand X drummer Phil Collins in Sanskrit. "Disco Suicide" and "Maybe I'll Lend You Mine After All" also contain vocals, although they are wordless.
Track listing
Side one
"Sun in the Night" (John Goodsall) – 4:25
"Why Should I Lend You Mine (When You've Broken Yours Off Already)..." (Phil Collins) – 11:16
"...Maybe I'll Lend You Mine after All" (Collins) – 2:10
"Hate Zone" (Goodsall) – 4:41
"Collapsar" (Robin Lumley) – 1:33
Side two
"Disco Suicide" (Lumley) – 7:55
"Orbits" (Percy Jones) – 1:38
"Malaga Virgen" (Jones) – 8:28
"Macrocosm" (Goodsall) – 7:24
Personnel
Based on the album credits of original vinyl release.
John Goodsall – guitars, sitar (1), echo, backing vocals
Robin Lumley – Fender Rhodes electric piano, acoustic piano, Minimoog, ARP Odyssey, string synthesizer, Clavinet, Pulsar, echo, backing vocals, autoharp (5)
Percy Jones – Fender bass, autoharp (7), marimba (8)
Phil Collins – drums, lead vocals, acoustic piano (3)
Morris Pert – percussion
Production
Produced by Dennis MacKay
Engineered and mixed by 'Perdurabo' Stephen W. Tayler
Tape op: Chris Tsangarides
Mastered by Ray Staff
Album artwork by Hipgnosis
Charts
References
External links
1977 albums
Albums with cover art by Hipgnosis
Brand X albums
Charisma Records albums
Passport Records albums
Albums recorded at Trident Studios
João Maria Manzarra is a Portuguese television host mainly on the Portuguese SIC Radical network and best known as co-host for the reality television show Ídolos, the Portuguese version of the Idol series for three years and is now one of the most popular presenters on Portuguese television.
Career
Manzarra studied Social Communication at Universidade Católica but had to cut short their studies to host their first major show on television. For two-and-a-half years, they took part in Curto Circuito, a direct call program without prepared scripts becoming a popular presenter. In 2009 they co-hosted SIC ao Vivo with José Figueiras and Liliana Campos followed by co-hosting the show TGV (To-dos Gostam do Verão) with Carolina Patrocínio
From 2009 onwards they have hosted Ídolos, the Portuguese version of the Idol series for three consecutive seasons co-host with Cláudia Vieira making them earn great fame in Portugal due to the popularity of the show. In 2010, they were nominated for the Portuguese Golden Globes award for "Revelation of the Year".
Following their success in Ídolos, they have hosted another popular television series on SIC, namely Achas que Sabes Dançar? the Portuguese version of So You Think You Can Dance series that was launched on SIC in April 2010.
Because of their popularity, they have won commercial endorsements.  They are also actively involved in charities.
Filmography
Acting
2010: Lua Vermelha (SIC Radical)
2011: Yacun (short)
TV hosting
2007/2009: Curto Circuito2009: SIC ao Vivo2009: TGV (To-dos Gostam do Verão)
2009/2010: Ídolos2010: Achas que Sabes Dançar?2010: Natal de Esperança2010: Parabéns a Você (the 18th anniversary special of SIC)
2010/2011: Ídolos2011: Chamar a Música2011: SIC 19 Anos - Parabéns a Você2011: Natal Portugal2012: Ídolos2013: Factor X''
References
External links
Portuguese television personalities
Portuguese male television actors
1985 births
Living people
People from Lisbon
Hermann Wraschtil (July 15, 1879 – November 9, 1950) was an Austrian track and field athletes who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.
At the Summer Olympics 1900 in Paris they participated in two events. In the 1500 metres race they finished sixth and in the 2500 metre steeplechase race they finished fifth.
References
External links
Short biography
1879 births
1950 deaths
Austrian male middle-distance runners
Austrian male steeplechase runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Austria
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Word and Utopia (Palavra e Utopia) is a 2000 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It was screened in competition at the 2000 Venice Film Festival.
Cast
Lima Duarte as Padre António Vieira (Old)
Luís Miguel Cintra as Padre António Vieira (Middle Years)
Ricardo Trêpa as Padre António Vieira (Young)
Miguel Guilherme as Padre Jose Soares
Leonor Silveira as Queen Christina
Awards
Golden Globes (Portugal)
Best Director
Venice Film Festival
Filmcritica "Bastone Bianco" Award
See also
Cinema of Portugal
References
External links
2000 drama films
2000 films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Portuguese drama films
2000s Portuguese-language films
Dyagilevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
Geography
Dyagilevo is located 32 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Moseyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The 1950 Sporting Record Masters' Snooker Tournament was a professional snooker tournament sponsored by the Sporting Record newspaper. Entry was restricted to past finalists in the World Snooker Championship. The tournament was won by Joe Davis with Sidney Smith finishing in second place. It was the only time the tournament was held.
Format
The event was a round-robin snooker tournament and was played from 3 April to 10 June 1950. All matches were played at Leicester Square Hall in London. Initially there were 5 competitors and a total of 10 matches were planned. The competitors were Joe Davis, Fred Davis, Walter Donaldson, Horace Lindrum and Sidney Smith. Each match lasted six days and was the best of 70 frames. Three points were available for each match, one for winner of the match, one for leader after the first 35 frames and one for the winner over the last 35 frames.
Each player was given a handicap at the start of the tournament. The handicaps were: Joe Davis, Fred Davis and Donaldson: 0, Smith: 21 and Lindrum: 23. The player with the higher handicap received a start in each frame, being the difference between the two handicaps.
Horace Lindrum withdrew from the event complaining about their overly generous handicap of 23 points which would give the public the wrong impression about their ability. It was also announced that Lindrum had retired from snooker but Lindrum later issued a statement stating that they had not retired "in any sense whatever." Their elder daughter Jan was born in London during the period when Lindrum should have been playing their first match.
Results
The original 10-week schedule was retained, despite Lindrum's withdrawal. This meant that there were 4 weeks when no match was played. The first match was played over 5 days rather than 6 because Good Friday fell on 7 April. The first 35 frames finished after the afternoon session on the Wednesday. After 5 days of the Sidney Smith/Fred Davis match Smith was leading 41–18 with a 19–5 lead in the second half of the match. The final score for Sidney Smith versus Fred Davis was 46–24.
Table
References
Snooker competitions in England
Sporting Record Masters Snooker Tournament
1950 sports events in London
Colin O'Brien (8 May 1940 – 19 August 2016) was a British street photographer. They began documenting life in London in the 1950s and continued to do so for over 60 years, leaving behind a photographic archive of around half a million negatives. Their notable publications are London Life (2015) and Travellers' Children in London Fields (2013).
Publications by O'Brien
Retrospective Images. London: Pentagram Design, 2000. .
Abstract Realities: Images of 20th Century Industrial Design London: The London Institute, 2001. .
Travellers' Children in London Fields. London: Spitalfields Life Books, 2013. Edited by The Gentle Author.
65. London: They That Do, 2014. . Edition of 1500 copies. "65 images spanning 65 years".
Boxed edition. London: They That Do, 2014. Included a print and a set of 10 postcards. Edition of 400 copies.
London Life. London: Spitalfields Life Books, 2015. .
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
Retrospective Images, Aberystwyth Arts Centre, Aberystwyth, Wales, May 2007.
Travellers' Children, Genesis Cinema, Stepney, London, 2012.
Travellers' Children in London Fields, Agnès b., Marylebone High Street, London, November–December 2013.
London Life, Hackney Museum, Mare Street, London, June–Sept 2014.
Leica Store City gallery, The Royal Exchange, London, 2015.
London Life, The Society Club, Soho, London, June–August 2015.
East London Life, Unit G Gallery, Hackney, London, July–August 2015.
This England, Unit G Gallery, Hackney, London, October 2016.
Decisive Moments (international retrospective), Unit G Gallery, Hanbury Hall, London, July–August 2017.
Exhibitions with others
London Street Photography: 1860-2010, Museum of London, London, February–September 2011. Travelled to the Museum of the City of New York, July–December 2012.
Playing In or Out?, V&A Museum of Childhood, Bethnal Green, London, March–November 2012. Film and photographs by O'Brien, Alec Brooking and John Heywood.
Whitechapel: a Look Back, Darnley Gallery, Centre for Better Health, Hackney, London, part of Photomonth East London International Photography Festival, October 2014. Photographs by O'Brien and Alex Pink "taken before, during and immediately after the 2012 London Olympic Games."
Collections
O'Brien's work is held in the following public collections:
Museum of London, London
Hackney Museum, London
References
External links
Obituary by O'Brien's publisher at Spitalfields Life Books
Colin O' Brien - 65, documentary by Aaron Kyle (video)
Colin O'Brien Traveller's Children in London Fields (video)
London Life gallery of photographs at The Daily Telegraph
65: by Colin O'Brien—Publication, exhibition, curation, production at the book's designers, That They Do
1940 births
2016 deaths
Street photographers
People from Clerkenwell
20th-century British photographers
21st-century British photographers
Photographers from London
Eleftherios Mertakas (; born March 16, 1985 in Paralimni) is a Cypriot football, who plays for Ayia Napa as a defender.
External links
Living people
1985 births
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Association football midfielders
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
AEK Larnaca FC players
Ayia Napa FC players
Cypriot First Division players
Cypriot Second Division players
ROK/US Combined Forces Command (CFC) was established in 1978. South Korean forces remain independent unless during a time of war in which they will subordinate themselves to the command. It is commanded by a four-star U.S. general and its Deputy Commander is a four-star ROK Army general.
Commander
Deputy Commander
See also
United Nations Command
Combined Forces Command-Afghanistan 2001–7
References
United States military in South Korea
Multinational units and formations
Commands of the United States Armed Forces
Military units and formations of South Korea
Government agencies established in 1978
Neccrom Areaiiti (born 12 January 1990) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer. A Cook Islands international representative, they play at and previously played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.
Playing career
Areaiiti began their career with the Wests Tigers playing in their NYC team in 2009 then going to the New Zealand Warriors and played 25 times for the Junior Warriors in the Toyota Cup, including in the Junior Warriors 2010 Grand Final victory.
In 2011 they joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs and spent the season playing for the North Sydney Bears in the NSW Cup. They were selected for the Cook Islands side for their 2011 test match against the New Zealand national rugby league team, however the match was cancelled. They made their National Rugby League debut for the Rabbitohs on 15 April 2012 against the Warriors.
Areaiiti joined the Penrith Panthers for the 2013 season but never played a game in top grade.
In 2014 Areaiiti signed with the North Sydney Bears. Areaiiti went on to play 54 games in total for Norths.
In 2015 they returned to the Auckland Rugby League, playing for the Manurewa Marlins.
References
1990 births
Living people
Cook Islands national rugby league team players
Expatriate rugby league players in Australia
Manurewa Marlins players
New Zealand expatriate rugby league players
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Australia
New Zealand Māori rugby league players
New Zealand people of Cook Island descent
New Zealand rugby league players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Rugby league players from Auckland
Rugby league props
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Windsor Wolves players
Billy Cooper is a former award-winning and Grey Cup champion wide receiver and defensive back who played in the Canadian Football League from 1964 to 1974.
Coming from the Winnipeg Rods junior team and joining the Blue Bombers in 1964, Cooper won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for best Canadian rookie in the west on the strength of their 24 pass receptions for 409 yards and 4 touchdowns (he also rushed the ball, kicked off, and returned both kicks and punts.) After four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers they played 6 seasons with the Ottawa Rough Riders, winning 2 Grey Cups. They finished the 1973 with the Edmonton Eskimos and ended their football career in 1974 with the Toronto Argonauts.
References
1945 births
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Edmonton Elks players
Living people
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Toronto Argonauts players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Two human polls comprised the 1957 NCAA University Division football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 2, at the end of the 1957 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games on
Ohio State received 14 of the 35 first-place votes; Auburn received eleven, Michigan State eight, and two to
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
Timothy Hastings is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain, who is currently competing in the Scottish Superbike Championship for Team Twister aboard a Kawasaki ZX-6R. They have also competed in the British 125GP Championship, finishing runner-up in the championship in 2008, National Superstock 600 Championship and the British Supersport Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
British motorcycle racers
Living people
1992 births
125cc World Championship riders
This is a list of Moldovan actors.
A
Veniamin Apostol
Beno Axionov
C
Constantin Cheianu
Nina Crulicovschi
G
Grigore Grigoriu
H
Petru Hadârcă
Alexandrina Hristov
J
Valeriu Jereghi
L
Irina Lachina
R
Sofia Rotaru
T
Mihai Timofti
Valentin Todercan
Svetlana Toma
U
Ion Ungureanu
Gheorghe Urschi
V
Andrei Vartic
Mihai Volontir
Sergiu Voloc
References
See also
List of Moldovans
Actors
Moldova
Airwalker is the debut release by Jeremy Jay on K Records. The EP included two covers: '"Lunar Camel" by Siouxsie and the Banshees and "Angels on the Balcony" by Blondie.
The 7 inch version contains two tracks while the CD version included six songs.
Track listing
"Lampost Scene" – 0:40
"Airwalker" – 3:35
"We Stay Here (In Our Secret World)" – 2:46
"Lunar Camel" – 2:11
"Angels on the Balcony" – 3:10
"Can We Disappear?" – 3:58
Personnel
Derek James – bass
Larissa James – photography
Jeremy Jay – synthesizer, guitar, piano, vocals, producer
Ilya Malinsky – guitar
Nick Pahl – drums
References
Jeremy Jay albums
2007 EPs
K Records EPs
The 190th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 2017 and 2018 during the governorship of Charlie Baker. Harriette L. Chandler served as president of the Senate and Robert DeLeo served as speaker of the House.
Senators
Representatives
See also
115th United States Congress
List of Massachusetts General Courts
References
External links
(2017, 2018)
(includes some video)
Ballotpedia. 2018 Massachusetts legislative session
Political history of Massachusetts
Massachusetts legislative sessions
massachusetts
2017 in Massachusetts
massachusetts
2018 in Massachusetts
Thomas Myers (1764–1835), of 4 Tilney Street, Middlesex and Greys, Sible Hedingham, Essex, was an English Member of Parliament.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Harwich from 1802 to 7 April 1803 and Yarmouth, Isle of Wight 7 December 1810 to 1812.
References
1764 births
1835 deaths
People from Middlesex
People from Essex
Leon Karemaker (born 18 May 1985) is a retired South African rugby union footballer. Their regular playing position is eighthman. They most recently represents the Griquas in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup. They previously played for Western Province and Aurillac. During the 2011 Super Rugby season they played 2 games for the Cheetahs.
They retired at the end of 2015 to take up a post at Kimberley-based school :af:Hoërskool Diamantveld.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1985 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Rugby union players from Cape Town
Cheetahs (rugby union) players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Griquas (rugby union) players
Season 1882–83 was the eighth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the eighth time.
Overview
Hearts reached the third round of the Scottish Cup and were knocked out by Vale of Leven. They also reached the semi final of the Edinburgh Fa Cup.
Results
Scottish Cup
Edinburgh FA Cup
Rosebery Charity Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical Record 82-83
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hearts
Eugene Haines Merrill (born September 12, 1934) is an American Old Testament scholar who has worked as a distinguished professor of Old Testament studies at Dallas Theological Seminary and 2010 president of the Evangelical Theological Society.
Early life, family, and education
Merrill was born in Anson, Maine. They attended Bob Jones University, where they earned their Bachelor of Arts (1957), Master of Arts in Bible (1960), and PhD in Old Testament interpretation (1963). After moving to New York for their wife to complete their doctorate, Merrill earned an M.A. in Jewish studies at New York University (1970), and their M.Phil. (1976) and Ph.D. (1985) in Middle East languages and culture at Columbia University. They also completed post-doctoral research (1989–1990) at Tyndale House in Cambridge.
Career
Merrill taught at Bob Jones University from 1963 until 1966, then at Berkshire Christian College from 1968 until 1975. They joined the faculty of Dallas Theological Seminary in 1975, and retired in 2013 as Distinguished Professor of Old Testament Studies (Emeritus). They have also served on the faculty of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky, since 2005 as Distinguished Professor of Old Testament Interpretation.  They are a member of the American Oriental Society, the Near East Archaeological Society, the Society of Biblical Literature, and they served as president of the Evangelical Theological Society, of which they have been a member since 1965.
Personal life
Merrill married Janet (née Hippensteel) in December 1960.
Selected publications
Merrill has published ten books, contributed to several other collaborative projects, served as a translator in three biblical text projects, and written nearly 200 scholarly articles, mostly for Bibliotheca Sacra. Significant titles include:
Qumran and Predestination: A Theological Study of the Thanksgiving Hymns (1975)
The Accession Year and Davidic Chronology (1986)
Genesis Debate (1986)
1, 2 Chronicles: Bible Study Commentary (1988)
Israel's Apostasy and Restoration (1988)
Royal Priesthood: An Old Testament Messianic Motif (1991)
An Historical Survey of the Old Testament (1991)
A Biblical Theology of the Old Testament (1991)
Haggai, Zechariah, Malachi: An Exegetical Commentary (1994)
Deuteronomy (1994)
The Old Testament Explorer: Discovering the Essence, Background, and Meaning of Every Book in the Old Testament (2001)
Die Geschichte Israels: Ein Königreich Von Priestern (2001)
The Bible Knowledge Key Word Study: Genesis--Deuteronomy (2003)
Everlasting Dominion: A Theology of the Old Testament (2006)
Kingdom of Priests: A History of Old Testament Israel (2008)
The World and the Word (co-author) (2011)
A Commentary on 1 & 2 Chronicles (2015)
References
Living people
1934 births
American biblical scholars
Dallas Theological Seminary faculty
Old Testament scholars
Bob Jones University alumni
People from Anson, Maine
New York University alumni
Columbia University alumni
Bob Jones University faculty
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary faculty
Timea Bacsinszky and Mandy Minella were the defending champions, having won the previous edition in 2019, but chose not to participate.
Aliona Bolsova and Katarzyna Kawa won the title, defeating Ekaterine Gorgodze and Tereza Mihalíková in the final, 6–1, 4–6, [10–6].
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External Links
Main Draw
Bol Open - Doubles
2021 Doubles
Lac de Fully (or Lac supérieur de Fully) is a reservoir in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. The lake's surface area is .
See also
List of mountain lakes of Switzerland
External links
Forces Motrices de Fully profile
Lakes of Valais
Reservoirs in Switzerland
A constitutional referendum was held in Algeria on 5 May 1946 as part of a wider French constitutional referendum. The proposed new constitution was rejected by 51.5% of voters, with a turnout of 71%.
Results
References
1946 referendums
1946 1
1946 1
1946 in Algeria
Constitutional referendums in France
Kellas Islands are two small islands south of the Parallactic Islands in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica. They were plotted from photos taken from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions aircraft in 1958 and 1959, and were named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for William Robert Anthony Kellas, a weather observer at Mawson Station in 1960.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Mac. Robertson Land
Death Is My Trade is the British title of a biographical novel by Robert Merle. The protagonist, Rudolf Lang, was closely based on the real Rudolf Höß, commandant of the concentration camp Auschwitz.
Summary
The story begins in 1913, when Lang is 13 years old. Their parents give them a harsh Catholic education, to which they react badly. Their unstable father, with whom the young Lang has an awkward relationship, wants them to become a priest. At the age of fifteen, Lang starts a military career which leads in 1943 to the post of commandant of Auschwitz. At first a concentration camp, later an extermination camp, the camp, near town of Auschwitz, was the site of the “slow and clumsy creation of a death factory”. Lang works hard to achieve their mission: to kill as many Jews as possible, disposing of the bodies as efficiently as possible.
Differences to the real Rudolf Höß
In their book, Robert Merle renamed Rudolf Höß as Rudolf Lang, their nickname after demobilization from the SS. Adolf Eichmann was renamed Wulfslang, but kept their rank of Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel).
Robert Merle utilized Rudolf Höß's testimonies, written in jail after their trial, as well as court records from the Nuremberg trials.
However, they came to the conclusion:
This, however, is an interpretation partly based on psychoanalysis and probably Merle's desire to explain how a human being could commit Höß' actions. Merle's Lang is an idealised version of Höß, stylised as a tragic persona.
While it is true that Höß tried in their process to exonerate their subordinates by declaring they did nothing but follow their orders, which they gave following in turn Heinrich Himmler's orders, there were multiple cases of corruption in Höß' time as commandant.
Absolutely true, and also backed by Höß' autobiography as well as Jean-Claude Pressac's Auschwitz: Technique and Operation of the Gas Chambers and The Crematories of Auschwitz is the depiction of Höß/Lang as not especially antisemitic or suffering from hatred to the other target groups of Nazi extermination policy, like gypsies in Porajmos, Poles or Russians. The "special treatment" (Sonderbehandlung) was just the execution of an order for Höß or other protagonists of Nazi extermination, like Frank Prüfer who constructed and built the crematories of Auschwitz, fulfilling an order to the Topf crematories branch.
The literary depiction of the execution of Nazi extermination policy not out of an antisemitic or antiziganist ideology, but as the mere fulfillment of orders, using methods of industrial science to optimise the process to economically leading "units" ( (plural)) to receive "special treatment" (), thereby making objects out of living persons and creating an utter feeling of horror, may be the greatest achievement of Merle.
Movie
In 1977, the novel was made into a movie with Götz George as Franz Lang (the name "Rudolf" was changed into Franz), directed by .
Bibliography
Robert Merle, Death is my Trade, London : Derek Verschoyle, 1954,
Merle, Robert. La Mort est mon métier, Edition Gallimard,
Höss, Rudolf. Commandant of Auschwitz: The Autobiography of Rudolf Hoess. (Constantine FitzGibbon, trans.) London: Phoenix Press, 2000. .
Höß, Rudolf. Kommandant in Auschwitz; autobiographische Aufzeichnungen. Veröffentlichungen des Instituts für Zeitgeschichte. Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag, 1998.
See also
Second World War
Auschwitz
concentration camp
extermination camp
Shoah
External links
Notes
1952 French novels
1952 British novels
Novels about the Holocaust
Éditions Gallimard books
1952 speculative fiction novels
sFlow, short for "sampled flow", is an industry standard for packet export at Layer 2 of the OSI model. sFlow was originally developed by InMon Corp. It provides a means for exporting truncated packets, together with interface counters for the purpose of network monitoring. Maintenance of the protocol is performed by the sFlow.org consortium, the authoritative source of the sFlow protocol specifications. The current version of sFlow is v5.
Operation
sFlow uses mandatory sampling to achieve scalability and is, for this reason, applicable to high speed networks (gigabit per second speeds and higher). sFlow is supported by multiple network device manufacturers and network management software vendors.
An sFlow system consists of multiple devices performing two types of sampling: random sampling of packets or application layer operations, and time-based sampling of counters. The sampled packet/operation and counter information, referred to as flow samples and counter samples respectively, are sent as sFlow datagrams to a central server running software that analyzes and reports on network traffic; the sFlow collector.
Flow samples
Based on a defined sampling rate, an average of 1 out of n packets/operations is randomly sampled. This type of sampling does not provide a 100% accurate result, but it does provide a result with quantifiable accuracy.
Counter samples
A polling interval defines how often the network device sends interface counters. sFlow counter sampling is more efficient than SNMP polling when monitoring a large number of interfaces.
sFlow datagrams
The sampled data is sent as a UDP packet to the specified host and port. The official port number for sFlow is port 6343. The lack of reliability in the UDP transport mechanism does not significantly affect the accuracy of the measurements obtained from an sFlow agent. If counter samples are lost then new values will be sent when the next polling interval has passed. The loss of packet flow samples results in a slight reduction of the effective sampling rate.
The UDP payload contains the sFlow datagram. Each datagram provides information about the sFlow version, the originating device's IP address, a sequence number, the number of samples it contains and one or more flow and/or counter samples.
sFlow versions
Related technologies
A well known alternative is NetFlow (see below). Moreover, depending on the IT resources available it could be possible to perform full packet captures using dedicated network taps (which are then subsequently analysed).
NetFlow, IPFIX
NetFlow and IPFIX are flow export protocols that aim at aggregating packets into flows. After that, flow records are sent to a collection point for storage and analysis. sFlow, however, has no notion of flows or packet aggregation at all.
sFlow allows for exporting packet data chunks and interface counters, which are non-typical features of flow export protocols. Note however that (recent) IPFIX developments provide a means for exporting SNMP MIB variables and packet data chunks.
While flow export can be performed with 1:1 sampling (i.e., considering every packet), this is typically not possible with sFlow, as it was not designed to do so. Sampling forms an integral part of sFlow, aiming to provide scalability for network-wide monitoring.
See also
NetFlow
Network Management
Packet analyzer
RMON
References
External links
Official site
Differences between Sflow vs Netflow
Computer network analysis
Obične ljubavne pjesme is the third album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom, released through Jugoton in 1982. This is the first album that introduces Jurica Pađen as a lead vocal, what they will remain until today. The album contains their greatest single until then, "Obična ljubavna pjesma", which brings the band national success.
Track listing
All lyrics written by Jurica Pađen, all arrangements by Aerodrom and Tini Varga
Personnel
Aerodrom
Jurica Pađen – Guitars, lead vocals
Remo Cartagine – Bass, backup vocals
Zoran Kraš – Keyboards, backup vocals
Branko Knežević – Drums, percussions, backup vocals
Additional musicians
Ulf Andersson – Saxophone
Tini Varga – Guitars, drum machine programming, effects, synthesizer, backup vocals
Artwork
Dražen Kalenić – Design
Production
Tini Varga – Producer
Recorded by Tini Varga
References
External links
Official Youtube channel
Aerodrom (band) albums
1982 albums
Jugoton albums
The Baralia River is a sub-tributary of the Brahmaputra River in the Indian state of Assam. The Baralia river originates in the Lokhaitora River and flows through Nalbari district & Rangia Town before its confluence with the Puthimari River and the Brahmaputra river. The Nona River is a tributary of the Baralia river.
References
Rivers of Assam
Rivers of India
Jonathan Lopes (born July 16, 1969) is a San Diego, California-based artist who is known for creating realistic models, sculptures, and contemporary artwork utilizing LEGO bricks as a medium.
Early childhood and career
Lopes was raised in southeastern Massachusetts, where as a child they pursued creative avenues such as drawing, printmaking, and composing music. LEGO bricks were their toy of choice growing up. Having only a small assortment of pieces, they continually designed and redesigned their own creations from the same set. Lopes has always been an out-of-the-box thinker and naturally creative. These attributes set the foundation for their creative future.
In 1990, at the age of 20, Lopes moved to New York City to pursue a career as a musician.
Career
LEGO artist
After sidelining their musical ambitions at the age of 28, Lopes ventured into utilizing LEGO as a creative outlet. Shortly thereafter, they designed what would become their first urban landscape made with LEGO bricks in their Boerum Hill, Brooklyn studio. This landscape, complete with urban grit and weathered buildings and landscapes, was featured prominently in online blogs, magazines, fan sites, and newspapers. From this media attention, Lopes' creative career as an artist was established.
Their early hired works echoed the attributes and characteristics of their urban landscapes when they were asked to replicate Oklahoma City's Myriad Botanical Gardens. They were hired to replicate Harlem's Apollo Theatre for display at the Toys R Us in New York City's Time Square shortly thereafter. Currently, selections of Lopes' work are permanently placed at Morris Museum in Morristown, New Jersey as well as corporate installations at the offices of various book publishers, an industry Lopes has worked in for years.
Well known works include a 12 foot long replica of New York City's Manhattan Bridge and an 8 foot tall replica of New York City's Woolworth Building. Both were built for gallery exhibits and built to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of each landmark.
BrickUniverse conventions
Lopes has been a mainstay at BrickUniverse LEGO fan conventions since 2015 as the featured artist appearing at all of the shows. They exhibit approximately 30-35 works at each convention as well as presenting sessions on their project development, creative processes, building philosophies, and techniques.
Notable public displays
Hachette Book Group, New York, New York
Toys R Us, New York, New York
Oklahoma City Scapes, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
BrickUniverse conventions: 2015-2016: Raleigh, North Carolina; Irving, Texas; Columbus, Ohio; Plano, Texas; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Dallas, Texas
BrickUniverse conventions: 2017: Louisville, Kentucky; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Raleigh, North Carolina; Knoxville, Tennessee; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Cleveland, Ohio
The Morris Museum, Morristown, New Jersey
Personal life
Lopes is married to children's book author Marcie Colleen. In 2015, after 13 years of living in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, they relocated to San Diego, California.
References
The News & Observer article
New York Daily News article
"Beyond the Brick" video
Good Day Columbus article
External links
Personal portfolio (website)
Instagram
1969 births
Living people
American artists
Lego people
People from Boerum Hill, Brooklyn
People from San Diego
Aspidopleres is an African genus of centipedes belonging to the family Oryidae.
Species
Only one accepted species had been described within this genus by 2011:
Aspidopleres intercalatus (Porat, 1893) according to Minelli A.
References
Centipede genera
Monotypic arthropod genera
Geophilomorpha
Arthropods of Africa
General elections were held in Costa Rica on 7 February 1982. Luis Alberto Monge of the National Liberation Party won the presidential election, whilst their party also won the parliamentary election. Voter turnout was 78.6%.
Affected by a deep economic crisis and tensions with Somoza's Nicaragua due to Rodrigo Carazo's support of the FSLN, Carazo's government suffered from extremely low popularity. This naturally affected the Unity Coalition (Carazo's party) and its candidate Rafael Ángel Calderón Fournier giving to PLN and its candidate trade union leader and farmer Luis Alberto Monge a landslide victory and the party's biggest parliamentary group in its history (33 deputies). Nevertheless, Unity remained as the second most voted party in the election as Calderón was able to attract the traditional and very loyal Calderonista vote. The crisis was also beneficial for the Left as it achieved a historical high voting and four seats in Parliament (the biggest group since 1948) with Dr. Rodrigo Gutiérrez repeating candidacy from United People. Another candidate was former president Mario Echandi by the conservative and anti-Communist National Movement, but Echandi's candidacy was testimonial receiving almost as many votes as Gutierrez (3% each), according to some due to their incapacity to understand modern times when personal wealth and family origin was not enough to win an election.
Results
President
By province
Parliament
By province
Local governments
Ballot
References
1982 elections in Central America
1982 in Costa Rica
Elections in Costa Rica
Dyoma (, Dim, also , Kügiźel; ) is a river in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It flows north and joins the Belaya at Ufa. The river is long, with a drainage basin of . Its average discharge is .
The Dyoma has its sources on the northern slopes of the Obshchy Syrt plateau at the border of Orenburg Oblast north of the south-flowing Salmysh branch of the Sakmara River. From there, it flows towards the northeast into Bashkortostan, where it forms a wide valley. Here, the river runs slowly, and is heavily meandering, particularly in its lower reaches before its confluence with the Belaya.
The town of Davlekanovo lies at the Dyoma, and the river's mouth is within the boundaries of the city of Ufa, in the township of Dyoma, named after the river.
References
Rivers of Bashkortostan
Hamsavardhan is an Indian actor who has acted in Tamil language films.
Career
Hamsavardhan was initially set to make their debut in Anandham Anandham which had begun production in 1998, though the film was delayed and later released as Vadagupatti Maapillai (2001) The delays meant that they started another film with the same director, V. C. Guhanathan, titled Mahajithan, but the project did not develop. Likewise, a project titled Vendumadi Née Yenakku, also co-starring Abbas, Karan and Preetha Vijayakumar also failed to materialise. Hamsavardhan's first release was Maanaseega Kadhal, playing a dual role, but the film performed poorly at the box office. Likewise, another project titled Ammu where they featured opposite Abitha was also shelved during the period.
In 2002, they appeared in the commercially successful multi-starrer Punnagai Desam, starring alongside Tarun, Sneha, Preitha and Kunal. The film won good reviews with a critic noting that Hamsavardhan "is an energetic new find – the debut didn't do much for this lad, but Punnagai Desam proves that they do have the potential." They made their Telugu debut under the stage name Harshavardhan in the multistarrer Kondaveeti Simhasanam playing Laya's boyfriend. They were also seen that year in Junior Senior, playing a parallel lead role alongside veteran Malayalam actor Mammooty, but the film became a surprise failure at the box office.
They appeared in their father's directorial venture again in Manthiran, and the film made headlines for the father-son combination. It was subsequently announced that their father would make another film with them titled Kandeepan and that they had signed on to appear in Nagu's Idiot, but the former film remained unmade and in the latter they were replaced by Yogi. Their next release was Piragu, which they shaved their head for, but the film also went unnoticed. Other films including Guru and Bomman were started in 2009, but were also subsequently never finished.
In 2012, the actor turned out for the Chennai Rhinos in the Celebrity Cricket League. In 2018, they announced their acting comeback through a project titled Peetru, which is yet to release.
Personal life
Hamsavardhan married actor Reshma, their co-star from Vadagupatti Maapillai (2001) who passed away in 2021. The couple had two sons and a daughter.
Filmography
References
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eirías (Spanish: Herías or Santa María de Herías) is one of five parishes in the municipality of Illano in Asturias, Spain. It is also the municipal capitol.
It is in size. The population is 15 (Padron Municipal de Illano, 2007).
The Capilla (chapel) de Eirías is linked to the López Castrillón.
Villages
Cernías
Estela
Navedo
Rudivoca
Rudivillar
Sarzol
Tamagordas
References
Parishes in Illano
Konstantin Sonin is a Russian economist and mathematician.  They are a professor at the University of Chicago Harris School of Public Policy, visiting professor at the Higher School of Economics in Moscow, Russia, research fellow at the Centre for Economic Policy Research (CEPR), London, and an associate research fellow at the Stockholm Institute of Transition Economics. In recognition for their outstanding research in the field of political economy, in December 2015, they were named the John Dewey Distinguished Service Professor of the University of Chicago.
Sonin is the co-founder of the joint HSE-NES Bachelor of Arts Programs. Until December 2014, Sonin was vice-rector at the Higher School of Economics, but was forced to resign for political reasons. Until August 2013, they were professor of Economics and vice rector at the New Economic School. Their primary research interests are in political economics, development economics, and economic theory.
They have been published in leading academic journals in economics and political science, such as American Economic Review, Quarterly Journal of Economics, Econometrica, Review of Economic Studies, and others.
Sonin is a columnist for Vedomosti (in Russian) and The Moscow Times (until 2017). They contribute to major international and Russian media outlets.  They are the author of "Sonin.ru: Lessons of Economics" (in Russian), a book aimed to a wide audience. In 2019, a new edition of the book was published, titled "When the Oil Runs Out and Other Economics Lessons" (in Russian).
Biography
Sonin was born in Moscow. They received their MSc in 1995, and PhD from Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics of Moscow State University in 1998. In 2000–01, Konstantin was a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the Davis Center for Russian studies at Harvard. In 2001, they joined New Economic School as an Assistant Professor and in 2009 received tenure as a full Professor of Economics. In 2011–13, they were Vice Rector at New Economic School. As of August 2013, they are Professor of Economics at the Higher School of Economics. In August 2013 - December 2014, they were Vice Rector at the Higher School of Economics. Sonin is a co-founder of the joint HSE-NES Bachelor of Arts Programs.
In 2004–2005, they were a member at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, USA. In September 2009 – March 2010 they worked as a Visiting Professor of Managerial Economics and Decision Sciences at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. In May 2014 Konstantin was a visiting scholar in Becker Friedman Institute for Research in Economics at the University of Chicago.
As of September 2015, Konstantin Sonin is a professor at the University of Chicago.
Awards and memberships
Member of the Science Council of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation (2013 - 2017)
Prime-Minister Award for Excellence in Teaching and Research, 2012
Research Medal of the Global Development Network, 2004 (1st), 2006, 2009 (2nd)
B. L. Ovsievich Memorial Prize, 2009 (2nd)
Award for a Best Economist of the Russian Academy of Science, 2002, 2003
Other affiliations and memberships
Research Director of the Center for Advanced Study at Higher School of Economics,
Bank of Finland Institute for Economies in Transition, member of the Scientific Advisory Board
Kiev School of Economics, member of the International Advisory Board
Center for Economic Policy Research, London, UK, Research Fellow
Journal of the European Economic Association, Associate Editor (till 2017)
European Journal of Political Economy, member of the Editorial Board (till 2017)
Journal of Comparative Economics, member of the Editorial Board (till 2017)
Major publications
Pdf.
Reprinted as:
Pdf via NBER.
References
Moscow State University alumni
New Economic School alumni
Economists from Moscow
Living people
Higher School of Economics faculty
1972 births
The Moscow Times
Robert Graham Miner (January 16, 1911February 18, 1990) was an American diplomat.
Early life
Miner was born on January 16, 1911, in Scranton, Pennsylvania and grew up in Binghamton, New York. In 1934, Miner earned a B.A. from Hamilton College. In 1942, Miner earned an M.A. from Yale University.
Career
Miner served as an instructor at Athens College from 1934 to 1935. From 1935 to 1937, they served as an instructor at Robert College. From 1937 to 1940, they served as an instructor at Hamilton College. From 1942 to 1943, during World War II, Miner served in the Office of Strategic Services. After this, Miner served in the United States Navy, where they attained the rank of lieutenant.
Miner first got involved in the United States Department of State in 1948, when they joined the United States Foreign Service. Miner was first assigned to Athens, Greece. They served in that post until 1951. In 1951, Miner was detailed to the Imperial Defence College at London, and served there until 1952. In 1952, Miner was assigned to the position of First Secretary to Paris, France, and remained in this position until 1955. In 1956, Miner became Consul General at Istanbul. Miner was appointed by President John F. Kennedy to the position of United States Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago on October 23, 1962. The presentation of their credentials occurred on December 1, 1962. They remained in this position until September 18, 1967. Miner was appointed by President Lyndon B. Johnson to the position of United States Ambassador to Sierra Leone on November 7, 1967. The presentation of their credentials occurred on December 7, 1967, and again on June 7, 1971, after Sierra Leone became a republic. They remained in this position until June 16, 1971. In 1971, Miner retired.
Personal life
Miner married Antoinette Tubini. Together, they had three children. Later, Miner married Sarah Bland.
Death
Miner died on February 18, 1990, in Fort Walton Beach, Florida.
References
1911 births
1990 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Sierra Leone
Ambassadors of the United States to Trinidad and Tobago
American consuls
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Hamilton College (New York) faculty
Military personnel from New York (state)
People from Binghamton, New York
People from Scranton, Pennsylvania
People of the Office of Strategic Services
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Yale University alumni
20th-century American diplomats
Ivica "Ivo" Grlić (born 6 August 1975) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. They served as sporting director for MSV Duisburg.
Grlić was a free kick specialist, scoring a large number of goals from standards, both for their clubs and for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team. In 2007, they announced retirement from international football, to concentrate on playing for their club.
International career
They made their debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina in an April 2004 friendly match against Finland and has earned a total of 16 caps, scoring 2 goals. Their final international was an October 2006 European Championship qualification match against Greece.
International goals
Scores and results list Bosnia and Herzegovina's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Grlić goal.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Footballers from Munich
Association football midfielders
Citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina through descent
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FC Bayern Munich II players
SC Fortuna Köln players
1. FC Köln players
Alemannia Aachen players
MSV Duisburg players
Regionalliga players
Oberliga (football) players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Claude Meillassoux (; ; December 26, 1925 – January 3, 2005) was a French neo-Marxist economic anthropologist and Africanist. A student of Georges Balandier, they did fieldwork among the Guro (Gouro) of Côte d'Ivoire; their thesis was published in 1964. In the 1970s they criticised Marshall Sahlins's use of the notion of "domestic mode of production". Meillassoux was throughout their life a politically committed critic of social injustice.
Early life and education
Meillassoux was born at Roubaix, in northern France, to a family of textile manufacturers. After studying law and political science at the Institut d'études politiques at Paris, they went in 1948 to study at the University of Michigan's School of Business.
Career
Meillassoux returned to France run the family textile business but, tiring of administration, spent some time in the United States, employed by the commissariat à la productivité as an interpreter for visiting French industrialists. On their return to France, they served as intermediary between American experts and French businesses. Joining the Centre d'action des gauches indépendantes (CAGI), they met Georges Balandier, and worked for them in producing an inventory of works by British functionalists on black Africa. Having taken classes taught by Balandier at the École pratique des hautes études in humanities and social sciences, Meillassoux went in 1956 to the Ivory Coast as an economic expert on a research project involving the Guro. In 1962, having defended their thesis under the supervision of Balandier, they took a position at the École pratique des hautes études.
They joined the French National Centre for Scientific Research as a researcher under Pierre Monbeig in 1964, working on a project under the direction of Jean Rouch (whom they went on to succeed). In 1979, Meillassoux was appointed co-director of a research team on Rural Societies and Development Policies, later becoming research director. In 1982 they took a position heading a project focused on Southern Africa, and in 1986 founded a research group on Southern Africa involving researchers, academics, doctoral students, anthropologists, sociologists and economists. In the 2000s they worked on a critical anthropological study of the Bible, with a focus on kinship ties.
In 1984, they were awarded the French National Centre for Scientific Research silver medal for their work.
Meillassoux died in 2005 in Paris. Their son Quentin is an academic philosopher.
Books
Femmes, greniers et capitaux (1975, Maspero; transl. as Maidens, Meal and Money: Capitalism and the Domestic Community)
Anthropologie de l'esclavage: le ventre de fer et d'argent (1986; transl. 1991 as The Anthropology of Slavery: The Womb of Iron and Gold)
Anthropologie économique des Gouro de Côte d'Ivoire : De l'économie de subsistance à l'agriculture commerciale. Les ré-impressions. Paris: Éditions de l'École des hautes études en sciences sociales, 2013.
Meillassoux, Claude, et Christine Verschuur. Entre l'État et les « bandits » armés par l'Afrique du Sud. Les paysans ignorés du Mozambique. Graduate Institute Publications, 2018.
Articles
"Essai d'interprétation du phénomène économique dans les sociétés traditionnelles d'autosubsistance", Cahiers d'études africaines, 1960, 4: 38-67
“From Reproduction to Production: A Marxist Approach to Economic Anthropology.” Economy and Society 1(1), 1974
Meillassoux, Claude. « De l'incapacité des hommes à accoucher, et ce qu'il en advient ». In Quel genre d'homme ? : Construction sociale de la masculinité, relations de genre et développement, édité par Christine Verschuur, 99‑120. Genre et développement. Rencontres. Genève: Graduate Institute Publications, 2016.
References
External links
Bernard Schlemmer 'A Tribute to Claude Meillassoux' (with bibliography)
French anthropologists
2005 deaths
1925 births
20th-century anthropologists
Ross School of Business alumni
French expatriates in the United States
Desisa subfasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1862. It is known from India, Vietnam, Japan, China, Nepal, Cambodia, and Sumatra.
Varietas
Desisa subfasciata var. infasciata (Pic, 1944)
Desisa subfasciata var. latefasciata (Pic, 1924)
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1862
Victor Cliff () is an abrupt rock cliff 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) long, which forms the southwest shoulder of Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs, 1958–60, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lawrence J. Victor, an aurora scientist at Byrd Station in 1961.
References
Cliffs of Marie Byrd Land
Nikos Sampanidis (; born 2 November 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Super League 2 club Apollon Pontus.
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Xanthi F.C. players
Doxa Drama F.C. players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Xanthi
Semuel Jusof Warouw (1900 – 22 October 1983) was an Indonesian physician who served as Prime Minister of the State of East Indonesia briefly in 1947, in addition to being Minister of Health within NIT between 1947 and 1949.
Early life and career
Born in 1900, they were of Minahasan descent. Warouw was educated at the Batavia Medical College (STOVIA), during which they chaired an association of Minahasan students. They were an ophthalmologist by training, and also worked as a civil servant. In the 1930s, they had been elected to the city council of Manado. They advocated for a federal Indonesian state with strong Dutch ties, publishing a manifesto in 1946.
When the State of East Indonesia (NIT) was established in December 1946, Warouw was working at the health bureau of Manado as a physician, and they were appointed Minister of Health in the cabinets of Nadjamuddin Daeng Malewa. During Nadjamuddin's trip to New York City in mid-1947, they were appointed acting prime minister. The Nadjamuddin cabinet collapsed due to a corruption scandal in late September, and Warouw was appointed as the next formateur on 8 October 1947. While they managed to form a cabinet by 11 October (where they continued to hold the office of Minister of Health), Warouw was politically unaffiliated and had little political experience.
Warouw had openly supported the continuation of Dutch sovereignty over Indonesia, in direct opposition to a significant faction within the NIT's legislature, and they supported Dutch military actions against the Indonesian Republicans. This was exarcebated by them being a Christian, which made Islamist groups and representatives from South Sulawesi distrust him. In governing, they also tended to bypass parliamentary ratification, which did not sit well with legislators. By 9 December, a motion of faith in the government had been defeated, resulting in Warouw resigning as Prime Minister. Warouw would remain Minister of Health in the succeeding cabinet of Ide Anak Agung Gde Agung, until their replacement on 12 January 1949. During Dutch-Indonesian negotiations in 1949, they promoted Minahasan independence to gain political leverage, but this did not amount to much, and they returned to medicine after the transfer of sovereignty.
Starting in 1956, they joined Hasanuddin University's faculty of medicine, their focus being on eye diseases and neurology. They later also headed Sulawesi's ophthalmological hospital. They were appointed the first president of the in 1964.
They died on 22 October 1983.
References
1900 births
1983 deaths
Indonesian ophthalmologists
Minahasa people
Indonesian Christians
Politicians from the State of East Indonesia
Larry Donnie Gladney (born 1957) is an American experimental particle physicist and cosmologist. In 2019, they became Professor of Physics and the Phyllis A. Wallace Dean of Diversity and Faculty Development at Yale University. Previously they were the Edmund J. and Louise W. Kahn Professor for Faculty Excellence, and Associate Dean for Natural Sciences, at the University of Pennsylvania. Their research has focused on issues relating to the origins of expansion of the universe following the Big Bang, and on fundamental connections between matter, energy, space, and time. The recipient of many fellowships and prizes, and a former visiting scholar at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Gladney featured in a 2006 oral history conducted by HistoryMakers, a digital archive project preserved at the Library of Congress, which aims to document the contributions of African-Americans to U.S. history and American society.
Biography
Larry Gladney was born in 1957 in Cleveland, Mississippi. Their mother, Annie Lee Gladney, raised them in East St. Louis, Illinois, where they attended primary and secondary school, graduating in 1975 from East St. Louis High School. They earned a B.A. degree in Physics from Northwestern University in 1979, and a Ph.D. in Physics from Stanford University in 1985. From 1985 to 1988, they held a post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Pennsylvania, where they then joined the faculty. They reached the rank of full Professor in 2005, and later became chair of the physics department. During their time at Penn, they served as a chair of the African-American Resource Center's faculty advisory board. At Penn they held a chaired professorship – the Edmund J. and Louise W. Kahn Professor for Faculty Excellence – and was Associate Dean for Natural Sciences, while holding a secondary appointment as Professor of Education in the Higher Education division of Penn's Graduate School of Education. During their time at Penn, they were also active in science education outreach in Philadelphia-area public and parochial schools. In 2019, they assumed positions as Professor of Physics and the Phyllis A. Wallace Dean of Diversity and Faculty Development at Yale University. Yale created this dean of diversity position in 2015 after students demonstrated to protest what they described as the inhospitable climate for black students at the university.
Research and leadership in physics
Larry Gladney specializes in astro-particle physics and cosmology and in experimental particle physics. They have conducted extensive research on the weak interactions of heavy quarks and the nature of dark energy. One of their earliest breakthroughs occurred in the Collider Detector at Fermilab (CDF), where in the mid-1980s they studied the weak interactions of bottom hadrons. More recently, they have been involved in research with the Vera C. Rubin Observatory's Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST), under construction in Chile, which aims to measure the expansion history of the universe.
Gladney has served on the National Science Foundation-Department of Energy High Energy Physics Advisory Panel (HEPAP), the Director's Review Board of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), the Experimental Physics Advisory Committee for the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC), and the Program Advisory Committee for the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) at Caltech.
Fellowships and honors
Larry Gladney has won many fellowships and prizes. From 1989 to 1994, they were a Presidential Young Investigator of the National Science Foundation. They won a Lilly Teaching Fellowship in 1990. In 1997, they received the Edward A. Bouchet Award from the American Physical Society and the Martin Luther King, Jr. Lecturer Award from Wayne State University. The Black Graduate Professional Students' Association of the University of Pennsylvania awarded them the Outstanding Community Service Award for their efforts to mentor and encourage young scholars.
References
Living people
1957 births
Northwestern University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Yale University faculty
University of Pennsylvania people
American cosmologists
People from Mississippi
People from Philadelphia
People from East St. Louis, Illinois
20th-century American physicists
Scientists from St. Louis
20th-century African-American scientists
21st-century African-American people
Petrus Jacobus Vermeulen (born 3 March 1987) is a retired South African rugby union player. Their regular playing position is full-back or centre. They most recently represented the Griquas in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup, having previously played for both Western Province and Boland.
They retired at the end of the 2015 season, but made one more appearance for the in the 2016 Currie Cup Premier Division.
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
1987 births
Living people
People from Emthanjeni Local Municipality
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
South African rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Western Province (rugby union) players
Griquas (rugby union) players
Boland Cavaliers players
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from the Northern Cape
Lahille Island is an island long, lying west of Nunez Point off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, and charted as a point on the coast which Jean-Baptiste Charcot named after Argentine naturalist Fernando Lahille (1861–1940). Charcot's later expedition, 1908–10, determined the feature to be an island.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Gentleman of the Horse was a position in the stables department of the British Royal Court, subordinate only to the Master of the Horse. It existed from 1693 until abolished in 1782, and carried a salary of £256.
The post was revived in 1828, with a salary of £500. The title of the post was subsequently changed to Crown Equerry.
List of Gentlemen of the Horse
Before 1782
1691–1702: Henry Ireton
1702–1708: William Walsh
1708–1710: Thomas Meredyth
1710–1717: Conyers Darcy
1717–1736: Hon. Henry Berkeley
1737–1746: Hon. James Brudenell
1747–1760: Hon. William Keppel
1760–1782: Richard Berenger
Post abolished in 1782
After 1828
Post revived in 1828
1828–1830: Emilius Henry Delmé-Radcliffe
1830–1837: Lord Frederick FitzClarence
References
R.O. Bucholz, 'The stables: Gentleman of the Horse ', Office-Holders in Modern Britain: Volume 11 (revised): Court Officers, 1660–1837 (2006), pp. 605. . Date accessed: 26 October 2008
Positions within the British Royal Household
Lists of office-holders in the United Kingdom
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge (Spanish:Las salvajes en Puente San Gil) is a 1966 Spanish comedy film directed by Antoni Ribas and starring Adolfo Marsillach, Elena María Tejeiro and María Silva.
Cast
Adolfo Marsillach
Elena María Tejeiro
María Silva
Nuria Torray
Luis Marín
Rosanna Yanni
Jesús Aristu
Trini Alonso
Carmen de Lirio
Vicky Lagos
Valentín Tornos
Charo Soriano
Marisa Paredes
Luisa Sala
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1966 comedy films
Spanish comedy films
1966 films
1960s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Antoni Ribas
Films scored by Carmelo Bernaola
1960s Spanish films
The Knysna woodpecker (Campethera notata) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is endemic to South Africa, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, moist savanna, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss. It belongs to a species complex that includes the golden-tailed and Mombasa woodpeckers.
Description
This species is distinguished from the other South African woodpeckers by its thickly spotted under-surface which is covered black spots from the chin to the vent. Males and females differ slightly. Males have an olive green color above with indistinct, small transverse bars and a few diamond-shaped sub-terminal spots that are a paler olive yellow. The female Knysna is similar to the male, but the black head is spotted with white and only the occiput is scarlet.
The quills are brown, except for near the base where they are externally olive. The secondary quills are olive-brown, duller than the back, and transversely barred with a yellow tinged white. The primaries are externally spotted with yellow, notched on the inner web with white, and the shafts are brown. The tail is olive-brown shaded with an almost green color and crossed with six bars of an almost yellow color. The tips of the feathers are a dull golden, while the shafts are golden brown.
Its head is a gray-black color and all of the feathers on it are tipped with scarlet. The occipital crest (located at the base of the cranium) is completely bright scarlet in color. Its lores are yellowish and minutely spotted with black. The ear-coverts are whitish and streaked with black, while the fore parts of its cheeks are scarlet. The rest of the sides of its face and neck are yellowish white, thickly mottled with black. The feathers in this area are black with a narrow whitish edging.
The underside of its body is yellowish, but white on the throat, and, as mentioned above, thickly spotted. These spots are rounded and very large on the breast, but more diamond-shaped on the abdomen. Its flanks are barred with dusky black and the under wing coverts are yellow with black round spots as on the breast.
Its eyes are hazel colored. Approximate length is .
Feeding and foraging
The Knysna woodpecker feeds mainly on ants and ant larvae, as well as wood-boring beetles and termites, including their eggs and pupae. It forages at all levels of the tree canopy, pecking, gleaning and probing in search of prey as it works its way along branches.
Reproduction
Breeding takes place in August–November (mainly October) and the pairs are widely spaced. The nest hole is excavated in a dead tree trunk or branch. It has a clutch size of 2–4 eggs, which it incubates for 13–21 days, followed by a fledgling period of 4–6 days.
Distribution and habitat
The Knysna woodpecker is endemic to South Africa. It is thinly dispersed across the coastal lowlands of South Africa and extends north into southern KwaZulu-Natal and west to near Bredasdorp, Western Cape. This species is common locally, but not over its entire coastal range. The total range is less than and its total population has been estimated at 1,500–5,000 individuals, of which 1,000-3,300 are assumed to be mature birds.
Conservation status and threats
Although the Knysna woodpecker has not yet been classified as endangered, the IUCN Red List lists them as Near Threatened as of 2012. Habitat shifting and alteration are predicted to occur in the future, affecting more than 90% of the population and causing rapid decline. A range contraction in KwaZulu-Natal in the 19th century has been attributed to the clearance of coastal bush for sugar-cane farming and township development. Some conservation actions, such as increasing knowledge and understanding about this species are already underway. For example, an estimated 1,000-1,500 individuals are thought to occur in reserves with these objectives like the Oribi Gorge Nature Reserve. Additionally, some proposed actions include: conducting surveys to estimate the total population size, monitoring population trends through regular surveys, carrying out research into factors that possibly limit the species' population, and increasing the area of suitable habitat with protected status.
References
External links
Knysna woodpecker - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Knysna woodpecker
Endemic birds of South Africa
Knysna woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Josiane Soares (born 21 June 1976) is a Brazilian athlete specialising in the hammer throw. They won several medals at regional level.
Them personal best in the event is 63.86 metres set in Tunja in 2006.
Competition record
References
1976 births
Living people
Brazilian female hammer throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 Pan American Games
Pan American Games athletes for Brazil
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
John Draper (1929 – 24 December 2002) was an English professional motorcycle racer. They were a versatile rider competing in many diverse motorcycle competitions, most notably motocross in which they became the first British rider to win the European Motocross Championship in 1955. Draper also competed in trials, enduro and road racing competitions. They were a member of four victorious British Motocross des Nations teams in 1950, 1953, 1956 and 1959.
Motorcycling career
Born in Bishop's Cleeve, Gloucestershire, England, Draper first learned to ride motorcycles on their father's farm. At the age of 17, their riding talent earned the attention of local motorcycling star Bob Foster who helped them obtain a 350cc AJS in 1946. In 1948, they signed a contract to ride for the BSA factory racing team joining their teammate and brother-in-law, Jeff Smith.
In 1950, Draper led a British team to victory in the Motocross des Nations event in Sweden, which was considered the Olympics of motorcycling. They demonstrated their riding versatility with a victory at the 1951 Scottish Six Days Trial. A few weeks later, they competed in the 1951 Isle of Man TT 350cc and 500cc Clubman's races for amateurs and posted two third-place finishes. Draper's impressive results could have presented the opportunity for a career in road racing which was potentially more lucrative however, they stated that work on their father's farm did not allow them to take the time to pursue a serious career.
They joined the Norton racing team in 1952 and nearly won a second time at the Scottish Six Days Trial but, tire troubles held them to a second-place finish. With the Norton factory focusing their activities on road racing, Draper returned to BSA in 1953. They turned their attention to the 500cc European Motocross Championships competing against the best riders in Europe. The European championship was considered to be the world championship at the time, as the sport of motocross had yet to develop outside of Europe. They won the championship in 1955 by one point over BSA teammate Bill Nilsson, becoming the third British rider to win the European Motocross Championship. In the 1956 500cc European Motocross Championships, they finished second to countryman, Les Archer, Jr.
Draper's motorcycle competition career extended into the 1960s; they also represented the United Kingdom in the International Six Days Trial. They continued to ride BSA after their factory contract had lapsed and never admitted to having retired from competition. Draper died at the age of 73.
References
External links
The Independent John Draper obituary
1939 births
2002 deaths
People from Bishop's Cleeve
Sportspeople from Gloucestershire
British motocross riders
Enduro riders
Motorcycle trials riders
Isle of Man TT riders
The Cameron Street Bridge is a two-lane, 208 metre (682 feet) long continuous steel girder bridge in Prince George, British Columbia. It crosses the Nechako River, connecting the city's downtown on the river's southern side, to the Hart, a residential area on the north side of the river. Construction of the bridge began in May 2008, and the bridge was completed and opened to traffic on August 24, 2009.
The current bridge is actually the third bridge in the city carrying Cameron Street over the Nechako River. The original Cameron Street Bridge was built in 1916, but it was destroyed six years later due to an ice jam on the Nechako River.
The second Cameron Street Bridge, a single-lane wooden Howe truss bridge, was built in 1931. Traffic was directed over the single-lane structure by means of traffic signals located at both ends of the bridge. The second bridge was closed in September 2005 due to structural problems. Due to the bridge's unique design, various ideas about saving the structure were considered (such as conversion to a pedestrian-only bridge). Eventually, the decision was made to demolish the old bridge and replace it with the current modern structure. However, the city decided to preserve the bridge's history by building a replica Howe truss bridge (with informative signage) carrying foot traffic nearby in Cottonwood Island Park.
Notes
Bridges completed in 1916
Bridges completed in 1931
Bridges completed in 2009
Buildings and structures in Prince George, British Columbia
Road bridges in British Columbia
The 1994 Hounslow Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
Baca County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,506. The county seat is Springfield.
Located at the southeast corner of Colorado, the county shares state borders with Kansas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma.
History
Baca County was created by the Colorado legislature on April 16, 1889, out of eastern portions of Las Animas County. Baca County was named in honor of pioneer and Colorado territorial legislator Felipe Baca.
Prior to the 1880s there was little activity in the county, other than along the Cutoff Branch of the Santa Fe Trail that crosses its extreme southeastern corner. The 1910s saw wet years and expansion due to the increase in acreage that could be homesteaded. World War I also brought increased demand for agricultural products. The arrival of the Santa Fe Railroad in 1926 created new towns and a population increase.
The Dust Bowl arrived in the 1930s, with Baca County being one of the hardest hit areas. This prompted soil conservation efforts by the federal government. Part of this effort was the purchase of cultivated land by the government in order to return it to grassland. Today the U.S. Forest Service supervises 220,000 acres of Comanche National Grassland which was purchased in the 1930s. These areas include Carrizo Creek and Picture Canyon. The Colorado Division of Wildlife maintains the recreational areas at Two Buttes Lake and Turk's Pond.
On May 18, 1977, an F4 tornado struck the southeastern portion of Baca County, causing an estimated $2.5 million in damage. It tracked from Keyes, Oklahoma, where damage was estimated at $25,000. As of 2020, this is the only F4/EF4 tornado ever recorded in Colorado since 1950.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.09%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Prowers County, Colorado (north)
Stanton County, Kansas (east/Central Time border)
Morton County, Kansas (east/Central Time border)
Cimarron County, Oklahoma (south/Central Time border)
Union County, New Mexico (southwest)
Las Animas County, Colorado (west)
Bent County, Colorado (northwest)
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 160
U.S. Highway 385
State Highway 116
National historic trail
Santa Fe National Historic Trail
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,517 people, 1,905 households, and 1,268 families residing in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,364 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.73% White, 0.04% Black or African American, 1.20% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 2.99% from other races, and 1.79% from two or more races. 7.02% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,905 households, out of which 28.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 7.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.40% were non-families. 30.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 5.90% from 18 to 24, 22.70% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 22.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,099, and the median income for a family was $34,018. Males had a median income of $23,169 versus $18,292 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,068. About 12.90% of families and 16.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.60% of those under age 18 and 13.30% of those age 65 or over.
Infrastructure
The town is served by the Southeast Colorado Hospital. Springfield Municipal Airport is located a few miles north of Springfield.
Politics
Like all of the High Plains, Baca County has long been overwhelmingly Republican. The last Democrat to carry the county was Lyndon Johnson in their 1964 landslide – when they carried all but three Colorado counties.
Communities
Town
Campo
Pritchett
Springfield (county seat)
Two Buttes
Vilas
Walsh
Unincorporated communities
Deora
Lycan
Utleyville
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Baca County, Colorado
References
External links
Official Baca County website
Baca County History
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Town of Campo official website
Town of Springfield official website
Town of Walsh official website
1889 establishments in Colorado
Colorado counties
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Nemacerota griseobasalis is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Sick in 1941. It is found in China (Yunnan).
References
Moths described in 1941
Thyatirinae
At atmospheric pressure, three allotropic forms of iron exist, depending on temperature: alpha iron (α-Fe), gamma iron (γ-Fe), and delta iron (δ-Fe). At very high pressure, a fourth form exists, called epsilon iron (ε-Fe). Some controversial experimental evidence suggests the existence of a fifth high-pressure form that is stable at very high pressures and temperatures.
The phases of iron at atmospheric pressure are important because of the differences in solubility of carbon, forming different types of steel. The high-pressure phases of iron are important as models for the solid parts of planetary cores. The inner core of the Earth is generally assumed to consist essentially of a crystalline iron-nickel alloy with ε structure. The outer core surrounding the solid inner core is believed to be composed of liquid iron mixed with nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements.
Standard pressure allotropes
Alpha iron (α-Fe)
Below 912 °C (1,674 °F), iron has a body-centered cubic (bcc) crystal structure and is known as α-iron or ferrite. It is thermodynamically stable and a fairly soft metal. α-Fe can be subjected to pressures up to ca. 15 GPa before transforming into a high-pressure form termed ε-Fe discussed below.
Magnetically, α-iron is paramagnetic at high temperatures. However, below its Curie temperature (TC or A2) of 771 °C (1044K or 1420 °F), it becomes ferromagnetic. In the past, the paramagnetic form of α-iron was known as Beta iron (β-Fe). Even though the slight tetragonal distortion in the ferromagnetic state does constitute a true phase transition, the continuous nature of this transition results in only minor importance in steel heat treating. The A2 forms the boundary between the beta iron and alpha fields in the phase diagram in Figure 1.
Similarly, the A2 is of only minor importance compared to the A1 (eutectoid), A3 and Acm critical temperatures. The Acm, where austenite is in equilibrium with cementite + γ-Fe, is beyond the right edge in Fig. 1. The α + γ phase field is, technically, the β + γ field above the A2. The beta designation maintains continuity of the Greek-letter progression of phases in iron and steel: α-Fe, β-Fe, austenite (γ-Fe), high-temperature δ-Fe, and high-pressure hexaferrum (ε-Fe).
The primary phase of low-carbon or mild steel and most cast irons at room temperature is ferromagnetic α-Fe. It has a hardness of approximately 80 Brinell. The maximum solubility of carbon is about 0.02 wt% at and 0.001% at . When it dissolves in iron, carbon atoms occupy interstitial "holes". Being about twice the diameter of the tetrahedral hole, the carbon introduces a strong local strain field.
Mild steel (carbon steel with up to about 0.2 wt% C) consist mostly of α-Fe and increasing amounts of cementite (Fe3C, an iron carbide). The mixture adopts a lamellar structure called pearlite. Since bainite and pearlite each contain α-Fe as a component, any iron-carbon alloy will contain some amount of α-Fe if it is allowed to reach equilibrium at room temperature. The amount of α-Fe depends on the cooling process.
A2 critical temperature and induction heating
β-Fe and the A2 critical temperature are important in induction heating of steel, such as for surface-hardening heat treatments. Steel is typically austenitized at 900–1000 °C before it is quenched and tempered. The high-frequency alternating magnetic field of induction heating the steel by two mechanisms below the Curie temperature: resistance or Joule (I2R) heating and ferromagnetic hysteresis losses. Above the A2, the hysteresis mechanism disappears and the required amount of energy per degree of temperature increase is substantially larger than below A2. Load-matching circuits may be needed to vary the impedance in the induction power source to compensate for the change.
Gamma iron (γ-Fe)
When heating iron above 912 °C (1,674 °F), its crystal structure changes to a face-centered cubic (fcc) crystalline structure. In this form it is called gamma iron (γ-Fe) or Austenite. γ-iron can dissolve considerably more carbon (as much as 2.04% by mass at 1,146 °C). This γ form of carbon saturation is exhibited in stainless steel.
Delta iron (δ-Fe)
Peculiarly, above 1,394 °C (2,541 °F) iron changes back into the bcc structure, known as δ-Fe. δ-iron can dissolve as much as 0.08% of carbon by mass at 1,475 °C. It is stable up to its melting point of 1,538 °C (2,800 °F).
High pressure allotropes
Epsilon iron / Hexaferrum (ε-Fe)
At pressures above approximately 10 GPa and temperatures of a few hundred kelvin or less, α-iron changes into a hexagonal close-packed (hcp) structure, which is also known as ε-iron or hexaferrum; the higher-temperature γ-phase also changes into ε-iron, but does so at a higher pressure. Antiferromagnetism in alloys of epsilon-Fe with Mn, Os and Ru has been observed.
Experimental high temperature and pressure
An alternate stable form, if it exists, may appear at pressures of at least 50 GPa and temperatures of at least 1,500 K; it has been thought to have an orthorhombic or a double hcp structure. , recent and ongoing experiments are being conducted on high-pressure and superdense carbon allotropes.
Phase transitions
Melting and boiling points
The melting point of iron is experimentally well defined for pressures less than 50 GPa.
For greater pressures, published data (as of 2007) put the γ-ε-liquid triple point at pressures that differ by tens of gigapascals and 1000 K in the melting point. Generally speaking, molecular dynamics computer simulations of iron melting and shock wave experiments suggest higher melting points and a much steeper slope of the melting curve than static experiments carried out in diamond anvil cells.
The melting and boiling points of iron, along with its enthalpy of atomization, are lower than those of the earlier group 3d elements from scandium to chromium, showing the lessened contribution of the 3d electrons to metallic bonding as they are attracted more and more into the inert core by the nucleus; however, they are higher than the values for the previous element manganese because that element has a half-filled 3d subshell and consequently its d-electrons are not easily delocalized. This same trend appears for ruthenium but not osmium.
Structural phase transitions
The exact temperatures at which iron will transition from one crystal structure to another depends on how much and what type of other elements are dissolved in the iron. The phase boundary between the different solid phases is drawn on a binary phase diagram, usually plotted as temperature versus percent iron. Adding some elements, such as Chromium, narrows the temperature range for the gamma phase, while others increase the temperature range of the gamma phase. In elements that reduce the gamma phase range, the alpha-gamma phase boundary connects with the gamma-delta phase boundary, forming what is usually called the Gamma loop. Adding Gamma loop additives keeps the iron in a body-centered cubic structure and prevents the steel from suffering phase transition to other solid states.
See also
Tempering (metallurgy)
References
Iron
Iron
Steel
Metallurgy
"Christine", also released under the title "Tilted", is a song by Christine and the Queens. "Christine", which is recorded in French, was released for download on 13 October 2014 through Because Music as the third single from their debut studio album Chaleur humaine (2014). It was, however, originally recorded in English titled "Cripple" in 2012, and a later English version was released as "Tilted" on 3 March 2015. It was named one of the ten best songs of 2015 by Time magazine. "Christine" was a number one hit on both of Belgium's Ultratop charts and peaked at number 3 in France, while "Tilted" became a top 20 hit in Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Background
According to Héloïse Letissier, when they first wrote the song, it was written in English. It was originally recorded under the title "Cripple" for an EP, Mac Abbey, in 2012. However, when they performed the song in Brighton in May 2013, the chorus "I actually do enjoy being a cripple" was poorly received by the audience. Letissier said: "... there was a huge embarrassed silence. I thought it was really ambiguous! But it's not." They reworked the lyrics in French as "Christine" for their 2014 debut album, and from this they made another English version, "Tilted". The English and French versions are not an exact translation and have significant differences in their lyrics, for example the English version begins with "I will die before Methuselah / So I'll fight sleep with ammonia," while the French version may be translated as "I start books at the end / And I hold my head high for nothing " ().
Letissier said that the song is "an easy song with an uneasy subject. It's about feeling out of place, not finding your balance, or being depressed even, but with playful images, with a song you can dance on." They explained that the song is about "embracing the fact that you can't really find your balance", which in their case is embracing their own awkwardness and the feeling of being imperfect. It would therefore be about "embracing who you are", and "being proud of who you are and where you stand". They also explained the English title of the song: "The French song is talking about the same difficulty of turning on your feet. I was searching for lots of images or words that could fit, and I just stumbled upon this word, to tilt or be tilted, and I was exactly trying to find this image. It's literally talking about not finding your balance with a playful image."
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Christine" was first released onto YouTube on 18 December 2014 at a total length of three minutes and fifty-six seconds. The minimal and largely blue and black visuals in the videos for "Christine" and the English version "Tilted" are identical, and feature Letissier and their dancers performing intricate dance routines on a platform.
In the last scene of Better Things' second-season finale, the music video of "Christine" was re-enacted by Sam, Frankie, Duke and Phyllis as a graduation gift for Max. Pitchfork named the sequence as one of "The 10 Best Music Moments on TV in 2017".
Track listings
"Christine"
"Tilted"
Chart performance
"Christine"
Year-end charts
|-
|-
|-
|-
Certifications
"Tilted"
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 singles
2016 singles
French-language songs
Number-one singles in Belgium
2014 songs
Christine and the Queens songs
Because Music singles
Songs written by Héloïse Letissier
Alexander Preinfalk (6 February 1920 – 12 December 1944) was a Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Alexander Preinfalk was shot down on 12 December 1944 by an American P-47 over Bruchsal, Germany and died after they bailed out. They were credited with between 78 and 85+ aerial victories.
Summary of military career
Aerial victory claims
According to US historian David T. Zabecki, Preinfalk was credited with 85 aerial victories.
Awards
Flugzeugführerabzeichen
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe (13 September 1942)
Iron Cross (1939) 2nd and 1st Class
German Cross in Gold on 3 October 1942 as Unteroffizier in the II./Jagdgeschwader 77
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 14 October 1942 as Unteroffizier and pilot in the 5./Jagdgeschwader 77
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Luftwaffe 1939–1945 History
TracesOfWar.com
1920 births
1944 deaths
Military personnel from Baku
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
Aviators killed by being shot down
Russian people of German descent
The Königsberg City Archive () was the municipal archive of Königsberg, Germany.
The towns of Altstadt, Kneiphof, and Löbenicht were united to form the city of Königsberg in 1724. The city's archives were subsequently located in Altstadt Town Hall, but moved to the original campus of the University of Königsberg in Kneiphof in 1911/12. Its directors included August Wittich (1875 to 1897), Ernst Seraphim (1911), Christian Krollmann (1924), and Fritz Gause (1938).
The Nazi Party did not take an interest in the archive during Gleichschaltung. However, Gauleiter Erich Koch prevented the archive from being evacuated in 1944 during World War II. It was subsequently destroyed by the 1944 bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg.
References
1724 establishments in Prussia
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Archives in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
City Archive
City archives
Murder Can Hurt You (stylized onscreen as Murder Can Hurt You!) is a 1980 American made-for-television comedy film that parodies detective and police TV shows of the 1960s and 1970s, much as Murder by Death spoofed literary detectives. The film was directed by Roger Duchowny.
Plot
A mysterious "Man in White" is out to kill famous detectives in bizarre ways, and the heroes are obvious parodies of Kojak, Baretta, Starsky and Hutch, Ironside, Police Woman, Columbo, Mrs. Columbo, and McCloud.
The movie starts with the Man In White killing Lambretta, after which Lt. Nojack calls a meeting of all the best detectives in the city. During this meeting the man in white threatens to kill them all, locks them in their meeting room, and sets a bomb to kill them all while they make their escape.
The Aaron Spelling Productions logo at the end pays homage to Mark VII Limited, using a hammer and stamp.
Cast
References
External links
Murder Can Hurt You at MSN Movies
1980 television films
1980 films
1980s parody films
American parody films
American television films
Comedy mystery films
Films scored by Artie Kane
Films with screenplays by Ron Friedman
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Estadio Ebal Rodriguez is a multi-use stadium in Guápiles, Costa Rica. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Santos de Guápiles. The stadium holds 3,000 people.
History
Alajuelense's Wilson Muñoz scored the first Primera División goal scored in the stadium in a 1999 4-0 league win over the hosts.
The stadium is currently undergoing a number of renovations. An artificial pitch has been installed, the building was newly painted, the transmission cabins were improved and a roof for the main stand will follow up. The offices will also be remodeled. will also be invested in seeking the inspection and approval of the stadium by FIFA for international games.
References
Football venues in Costa Rica
Buildings and structures in Limón Province
The Dragon Heroes is a Chinese epic fantasy television series starring Ren Quan, Li Xiaolu, Christopher Lee, Cui Peng, Eddy Ko, Felix Wong, Bryan Leung, Florence Tan, Tien Niu, Chen Tianwen and Ding Yujia. The series was first broadcast in 2005 on BTV in mainland China and on MediaCorp Channel 8 in Singapore.
Plot
The series is set in a mythical Chinese world populated by humans, dragons and demons. In the past, the dragons had saved the humans by helping them defeat the demons. However, the human Emperor feared that the dragons posed a threat to them so they turned against the dragons and imprisoned the Dragon King in ice.
Yuanbao, a young orphan, was raised by Wang Jili, a street performer. They live with Wang Jili and their daughter, Wang Mingzhu, and gets along well only with Feicui, an ugly-looking but kind-hearted fellow orphan. One day, Yuanbao accidentally frees the dragon princess, Shuilinglong, who had been trapped in an enchanted ball. Shuilinglong feels grateful towards Yuanbao so they possess Feicui, who has fallen into a coma after an injury, and takes over Feicui's identity and changes Feicui's appearance to that of a beautiful woman.
Li Bin, the human crown prince, is good-natured and benevolent unlike their father, the ruthless Emperor, and they often venture out of the palace to interact with commoners.  They are close friends with Yan Cheng, who is engaged to Wang Mingzhu but actually loves Feicui. After Shuilinglong takes over Feicui's identity, they fall in love with Li Bin. Yan Cheng does not know that they are not really Feicui so they feel very sad upon seeing that "Feicui" apparently loves Li Bin now. Li Bin reciprocates Shuilinglong's feelings towards him, but feels somewhat guilty for stealing "Feicui" from Yan Cheng.
While searching for their father, Shuilinglong encounters and reunites with their fellow dragons, including their childhood playmate Xiaobailong, who has disguised themselves as a human called Yao Lie. Yao Lie works for the First Princess, the Emperor's sister, and secretly plans to save the Dragon King and avenge the humiliation suffered by the dragons. Wang Mingzhu and Yao Lie also start a romance after they meet each other.
With Shuilinglong's help, Yuanbao discovers that they are not really an orphan: their mother is actually the First Princess and their father was executed by the Emperor for their close relationship with the Dragon King. Yuanbao, who was then still very young, was saved by an immortal when the Emperor tried to kill him, and was subsequently adopted by Wang Jili. The First Princess has been secretly holding a grudge against the Emperor for their husband's death and their son's disappearance, so they have been plotting to kill Li Bin and the Emperor. However, they give up their desire for vengeance after they reunite with their long-lost son.
Shuilinglong and Xiaobailong train hard to increase their powers and eventually manage to rescue the Dragon King. The conflict between humans and dragons seemingly comes to an end when both sides grudgingly agree to a marriage between Shuilinglong and Li Bin upon seeing how much they love each other. However, in a twist of events, the Emperor breaks the truce and kills the Dragon King, and later gets killed by Yao Lie in turn. Yao Lie, in their quest to increase their powers, betrays Wang Mingzhu's love for them and turns evil. They try to force Shuilinglong to marry them instead. Shuilinglong, Yan Cheng, Li Bin and the others join forces to find an icy arrow to counter Yao Lie and defeat him. Yao Lie realises their misdeeds and repents.
In the end, Shuilinglong sees that Yan Cheng truly loves Feicui so they leaf Feicui's body and uses their powers to revive the real Feicui. Them spirit continues to wander around freely. Li Bin gives up their royal status and leaves to join Shuilinglong. Yao Lie leaves with Wang Mingzhu to lead a peaceful life. Yuanbao becomes the new emperor and promises to be a good ruler.
Cast
Li Xiaolu as Shuilinglong / Feicui
Christopher Lee as Yan Cheng
Ren Quan as Li Bin
Florence Tan as Wang Mingzhu
Cui Peng as Xiaobailong / Yao Lie
Ding Yujia as Yuanbao
Tien Niu as the First Princess
Chen Tianwen as Xiang Hai
Bryan Leung as Wang Jili
Eddy Ko as the Emperor
Felix Wong as the Dragon King
Hu Wensui as Hua Munan
Li Jianxun as Zhu Yingcai
Wang Yanbin as the One Horned Dragon
Wong Yat-fei as the Big Dipper
Yvonne Lim as Princess Yin Qiao
External links
The Dragon Heroes on Sina.com
2005 Chinese television series debuts
Chinese wuxia television series
Mandarin-language television shows
Giorgio Ferrini (; 18 August 1939 – 8 November 1976) was an Italian football manager and former football player who played as a midfielder.
Nicknamed La Diga ('The Dam') for their qualities as a defensive midfielder, Ferrini played for Torino from 1959 to 1975, and is the most capped player in the history of the Granata with 566 appearances in all competitions, ahead of Paolo Pulici (437). At club level, they won the Coppa Italia in 1967–68 and 1970–71. They also represented the Italian national team, winning the 1968 European Championship.
Club career
Ferrini grew up in the youth team of Ponziana and in 1955 was signed by Torino and inserted in their youth system, where they stayed for three years. In 1957 they were auditioned by the national team manager Giuseppe Galluzzi in view of an international youth tournament
On 11 August 1958 Ferrini was loaned to Varese in Serie C. In their only season with the biancorossi, they contributed 10 goals to the salvation of the team played mainly as a starter.
Returning from loan, they contended their starting spot with Italo Mazzero in the midfield as the team were preparing to play in the Serie B. On 20 September 1959 they made their debut with Torino away to Sambenedettese (0–0) and the following week scored their first goal at home against Cagliari (5–0). They finished the season with 38 appearances and three goals, achieving direct promotion to Serie A and becoming fundamental to the club for their pace and determination.
The following season they were confirmed as a key player for Torino by the manager Benjamín Santos, and debuted in Serie A on 25 September 1960 in a loss to Sampdoria (0–1). Along with Remo Lancioni, they made the most appearances during the season, finishing 12th in the league.
They spent 16 seasons with Torino, becoming the club's most capped player in the top flight, with 39 goals scored in 405 appearances; in total, they made 566 appearances and scored 56 goals between the league, Coppa Italia and European competition. They won two Coppa Italia trophies, held in 1967–68 and 1970–71.
The last match they played was away against Napoli (1–0) on 22 June 1975, the last group match of the Coppa Italia in 1974–75.
International career
They were summoned by the national team manager Gipo Viani to represent the Azzurri, who finished in fourth place at the Olympic tournament held in Rome in 1960, playing three times.
Also in 1960, they were called up to the Nazionale di Lega della Serie A under-23 against the homologous team of the English League, which they entered in the 30th minute, replacing Giacomo Bulgarelli.
They were first called up to the Italian national team on 13 May 1962 against Belgium, on the eve of the FIFA World Cup in Chile. During the competition they are remembered as one of their team's protagonists, along with Mario David, against the hosts Chile, a match later colloquially known as the Battle of Santiago. After seven minutes they were sent off by the English referee Ken Aston for a violent foul against the Chilean Honorino Landa. Ferrini refused to leave the ground, however, and continued to play until the police intervened to remove them from the field. Italy lost the match 2–0 and were eliminated in the first round of the tournament.
Unlike many Italian players from that World Cup, they returned to play for the national team and their last game was the first of the final two games of the 1968 UEFA European Football Championship against Yugoslavia, played on 8 June 1968.
They played a total of seven matches with the Azzurri.
Style of play
A hard-working, aggressive, and energetic wide midfielder of quantity, Ferrini was known for their stamina and their hard challenges, as well as their dedication, consistency, and leadership, despite their lack of notable technical ability. A tenacious, influential, and versatile team player, they were capable of playing in several midfield positions, and could also be deployed as a defensive midfielder, or as an offensive central midfielder. Despite their powerful, combative, and at times excessive style of play, they were also known for being a fair and correct player.
Death
A few months after their retirement, while they served as assistant coach of Luigi Radice in the season in which Torino returned to win the Serie A title, they suffered two aneurysms (25 August and, after an initial recovery, 18 October 1976). Despite two surgical operations, they died on 8 November 1976 aged 37.
 They are buried in the small cemetery hill of Pino Torinese, near Superga, where the Grande Torino side perished in the Superga air disaster.
Honours
Club
Torino
Coppa Italia (2): 1967–68, 1970–71
International
Italy
UEFA European Championship (1): 1968
Individual
Torino F.C. Hall of Fame: 2014
References
External links
Testimonies and memories from Associazione Ex Calciatori Granata (in Italian)
Dario Marchetti (eds), Giorgio Ferrini on Enciclopediadelcalcio.it (in Italian)
1939 births
1976 deaths
Italian footballers
Italy international footballers
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Torino F.C. players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Olympic footballers of Italy
Footballers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
1962 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 1968 players
UEFA European Championship-winning players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Trieste
Deaths from aneurysm
simple:Giorgio Ferrini
Loutraki is a seaside settlement in the Aktio-Vonitsa Municipality of the regional unit of Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece. It has a very small resident population as most house owners are from the nearby village of Katouna, and use the area as their summer or seasonal residence, linked to the seasonal cultivation of olives, or earlier in the century of tobacco crops.
Loutraki has an anchorage on the Amvrakikos Gulf and was also the site of a water mill in the past. It is mentioned by a few European travellers of the 18th and 19th centuries. Lord Byron mentions it under the name Utraikee (he must have misheard the name) and states that in 1809-1810 it was the site of a barracks and a customs house. Loutraki is the site of an ancient plane tree which contains a shrine to Agios Spyridon in its hollow.
References
Populated places in Aetolia-Acarnania
Suda is a Japanese habitational name from a village in Shinano. This surname is commonly found in northeastern and west-central Japan and on Okinawa Island. The majority of bearers descend from the Minamoto clan through the Inuoe family.
Akari Suda (born 1991), Japanese pop singer
Anna Suda (born 1997), Japanese performer and actor
Brian Suda (born 1979), American informatician
Friedrich Suda (born 1939), Austrian swimmer
Goichi Suda (born 1968), Japanese video game designer
Hubert Suda (born 1969), Maltese football player
Issei Suda (born 1940), Japanese photographer
Kenji Suda (born 1966), Japanese ski jumper
Kosuke Suda (born 1980), Japanese football player
Kota Suda (born 1986), Japanese baseball player
Masaki Suda (born 1993), Japanese actor and singer
Masanori Suda (born 1973), Japanese mixed martial artist
Mohammed al-Tawudi ibn Suda (1700–1795), Arabic scholar
Orhan Suda (1916–?), Turkish cyclist
Peeter Süda (1883–1920), Estonian organist and composer
Sucharit Suda (1895–1982), Thai royalty
Tetsuo Suda (born 1948), Japanese TV presenter
Yoshimasa Suda (born 1967), Japanese football player
See also
Suda Chaleephay (born 1987), Thai weightlifter
Suda (disambiguation)
Sudha, given name
Cassandra (Cassie) Law is a former American women's rugby union player. They were a member of the United States championship team that won the inaugural 1991 Women's Rugby World Cup in Cardiff, Wales.
Biography
Law began their rugby career in 1985 while studying at the University of Oregon. After graduating in 1988, they moved to San Francisco, California to begin their federal career with the US Department of Veterans Affairs. Them rugby career continued in California with the Bay Area SheHawks (BASH) where they competed from 1988 to 1995 winning three National Titles. During these years, they represented the Pacific Coast Grizzlies territorial team and was selected to join the USA Eagles Women's National Rugby Team competing from 1990 to 1994.
Law's international rugby career as a United States Eagle began at RugbyFest 1990 in New Zealand. They were in the inaugural 1991 Rugby World Cup and also featured in the 1994 Rugby World Cup in Edinburgh, Scotland where the Eagles fell to England taking second place.
In March 2017, Law and the 1991 U.S. Women's World Cup Championship team were inducted into the United States Rugby Hall of Fame in San Diego, California.
Law is currently a Senior Executive for the US Department of Veterans Affairs, serving as the Deputy Chief of Staff for the Veterans Health Administration. The Veterans Health Administration is America's largest integrated health care system providing care at 1,293 health care facilities including 171 medical centers serving 9 million enrolled Veterans.
References
External link
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
United States women's international rugby union players
21st-century American women
The International Council on Archives (ICA; French: Conseil international des archives) is an international non-governmental organization which exists to promote international cooperation for archives and archivists. It was set up in 1948, with Charles Samaran, the then director of the Archives nationales de France, as chairperson, and membership is open to national and international organisations, professional groups and individuals. In 2015, it grouped together about 1400 institutional members in 199 countries and territories. Its mission is to promote the conservation, development and use of the world's archives.
ICA has close partnership links with UNESCO, and is a founding member of the Blue Shield, which works to protect the world's cultural heritage threatened by wars and natural disasters, and which is based in The Hague.
Mission statement
ICA's mission statement reads: "The International Council on Archives (ICA) is dedicated to the effective management of records and the preservation, care and use of the world's archival heritage through its representation of records and archive professionals across the globe. Archives are an incredible resource. They are the documentary by-product of human activity and as such are an irreplaceable witness to past events, underpinning democracy, the identity of individuals and communities, and human rights. But they are also fragile and vulnerable. The ICA strives to protect and ensure access to archives through advocacy, setting standards, professional development, and enabling dialogue between archivists, policymakers, creators and users of archives. The ICA is a neutral, non-governmental organisation, funded by its membership, which operates through the activities of that diverse membership. For over sixty years ICA has united archival institutions and practitioners across the globe to advocate for good archival management and the physical protection of recorded heritage, to produce reputable standards and best practices, and to encourage dialogue, exchange, and transmission of this knowledge and expertise across national borders."
Organization
The ICA is organized in thirteen regional branches with varying levels of activity, including the Caribbean branch (CARBICA), the Eastern and Southern Africa branch (ESARBICA), the South and West Asian branch (SWARBICA), the European branch (EURBICA) and the Pacific Region branch (PARBICA). The North American branch (NAANICA) operates "virtually" and by contributions to meetings of the Society of American Archivists and the Association of Canadian Archivists. ICA has twelve professional sections, which provide much of the organization's archival content and activity, including the Section for Archival Education (SAE), the Section for Archives and Human Rights (SAHR), the Section for Architectural Records (SAR), the Section for Business Archives (SBA), the Section for Archives of Literature and Art (SLA), the Section for Local, Municipal and Territorial Archives (SLMT), the Section on Sports Archives (SPO), the Section for Archives of Parliaments and Political Parties (SPP) and the Section for University and Research Institutions (SUV).
It is based in the Marais quarter of the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, rue des Francs-Bourgeois, in the premises of the French national archives.
Member groups include the Arxivers sense Fronteres, among others.
Activities
ICA publishes a review Comma, which appears once or twice a year and includes material in United Nations languages as well as German.
Every fourth year, ICA hosts its major International Congress. In recent years, these have been held in Vienna (2004), Kuala Lumpur (2008), Brisbane (2012) and Seoul (2016). The next ICA Congress will be held in Abu Dhabi in 2023 (delayed from 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic). Until 2011, ICA also hosted the annual meetings of CITRA, the International Conference of the Round Table on Archives, which brought together heads of national archival institutions, presidents of national professional associations and the ICA sections, branches and committees. The last three CITRA meetings were held in Malta (2009); Oslo, Norway (2010) and Toledo, Spain (2011). After the CITRA in Toledo, ICA replaced CITRA meetings with an annual conference. The first three annual conferences were in European venues: Brussels (2013), Girona (2014) and Reykjavik (2015). These were followed by annual conferences in Mexico City in 2017, Yaoundé in 2018, Adelaide in 2019, and Rome (projected for 2022), before the delayed four-yearly Congress in Abu Dhabi in 2023 and a further Congress in Barcelona in 2025.
ISAD(G)
In 1993, the International Council on Archives approved the first draft of ISAD(G) (General International Standard Archival Description), intended to be a standard for elements that should be included in a finding aid register for archival documents produced by corporations, persons and families.
A revised version, known as ISAD(G)2, was issued in 2000.
See also
International Standard Archival Authority Record
Records in Contexts
List of archives
Coordinating Council of Audiovisual Archives Association
References
External links
ICA European Branch (EURBICA) web-page
ICA European Branch (EURBICA) Facebook page
ICA Pacific Branch (PARBICA) Recordkeeping for Good Governance Toolkit
ICA Section for Archival Education (SAE) - Training the Trainer Resource Pack
ICA Section for International Organizations (SIO) - Guide to the Archives of International Organizations
ICA Section for Literary Archives (SLA) blog
ICA Section for Local Municipal and Territorial Archives (SLMT) - Constitution (Google Docs)
ICA Section for Professional Associations (SPA): A history of SPA by Didier Grange
ICA Section for Professional Associations (SPA): SPA brochure on Advocacy
International organizations based in France
Archivist associations
Organizations established in 1948
1948 establishments in France
Organizations based in Paris
History organizations based in France
Gilles Mas (born 5 January 1961) is a French former professional racing cyclist. They rode in five editions of the Tour de France and two editions of the Vuelta a España.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
People from Condrieu
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Rhône (department)
Cyclists from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
The sego lily (Calochortus nuttallii) is a bulbous perennial endemic to the Western U.S., and is the state flower of Utah.
Sego Lily may also refer to:
Sego Lily, the newsletter of the Utah Native Plant Society
Sego Lily School, Salt Lake City, U.S., a Sudbury school
See also
Sego (disambiguation)
Living in Darkness is the debut studio album by American punk rock band Agent Orange, released in 1981 on Posh Boy Records. The album showcased the band's innovative mixture of punk, surf rock and skate punk, and was also listed in the "10 Best Skate Punk Records of All Time".
The original album consisted of eight tracks. In 1992, it was expanded to include three unreleased tracks from the album sessions ("Pipeline", "Breakdown" and "Mr. Moto") as well as the 1979 recordings that won them their Posh Boy contract ("Bloodstains", "America", "Bored of You" and "El Dorado"). A 1981 interview and liner notes written by guitarist Mike Palm were also included in the reissue. In 1988, Agent Orange recorded an as-yet unreleased version of the album, titled Living in Total Darkness.
Three songs are covers of classic surf instrumentals: "Pipeline" by the Chantays, "Miserlou" by Dick Dale and "Mr. Moto" by the Bel-Airs.
In popular culture
"Everything Turns Grey" was featured in the 2001 film Freddy Got Fingered, as well as the 2001 video game Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX. It was also covered by punk rock band Lagwagon for their fifth album Let's Talk About Feelings, and the song also appeared in the third episode of the season two of the TV show 13 Reasons Why. "Bored of You" was featured in the 2013 open world video game Grand Theft Auto V, on the Channel X punk rock radio station. "Bloodstains" was featured in the skateboarding games Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 and Skate 3. "No Such Thing" was featured in the skateboarding game Skate.
Track listing
All songs written by Mike Palm, except for where noted.
LP original release: Posh Boy Records PBS 122 (US) - released in 1981
CD reissue: Posh Boy Records R2 71092 (US) - released in 1992
Track 1 originally from the Rodney on the Roq compilation album from Posh Boy Records, PBS 106 (US), released in 1980.
Tracks 10, 11, 12 originally from the Bitchin' Summer 12" EP from Posh Boy Records, PBS 1037 (US), released in 1982.
Tracks 13, 14 originally from the Agent Orange 7" EP, self-released in 1980.
Tracks 15, 16 originally from the Eldorado 7" single from Posh Boy Records, PBS 30 (US), released in 1990.
Personnel
Mike Palm: guitar/vocals
James Levesque: bass
Scott Miller: drums
Steve Soto: bass (on 1979 tracks)
References
1981 debut albums
Agent Orange (band) albums
Posh Boy Records albums
Their Honour Hugh Emlyn-Jones JP (1902 – 9 June 1970), was a British Judge and briefly a Liberal Party politician.
Background
Emlyn Jones was the son of Evan and Ellen Jones of Newton-le-Willows, St Helens. They were educated at Manchester Grammar School and Manchester University where they won a First Class Honors in Law, after winning a Dauntesey University Legal Scholarship. They won the Vice-Chancellor of Lancaster's Prize and John Peacock Prize. They married, in 1938, Morfudd Davies of Cardiff. They had one son.
Politics
At the age of 27 Emlyn Jones was a Liberal candidate for the Chorley Division of Lancashire at the 1929 General Election;
They did not stand for parliament again.
Professional career
Emlyn-Jones started practicing law as a solicitor in Manchester. For 5 years they gave their services voluntarily as a Poor Man's Lawyer. They were Called to the bar, Middle Temple in 1930 and practised on the Wales and Chester Circuit and in London. They were Standing Counsel for the Post Office on Circuit. They served in the RAF in the War of 1939–45, firstly as an Intelligence Officer with 604 Squadrons and later on the Air Staff as an acting Wing Commander. They were made an Honorary Squadron Leader in the RAF. After the war they became a Judge of the County Courts, on Circuit No. 7 (Birkenhead, Chester, etc.) from 1950–65. They also served as a Justice of the peace.
External links
Hugh Emlyn-Jones at the National Portrait Gallery: http://www.npg.org.uk/collections/search/person/mp77045/hugh-emlyn-jones
References
1902 births
1970 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Alumni of the University of Manchester
County Court judges (England and Wales)
Members of the Middle Temple
Royal Air Force officers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
English justices of the peace
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
Lawyers from Manchester
20th-century English judges
Pritish Chakraborty, also known as Acharya Chakraborty Pritish or ACP, is an Indian actor, director, producer, writer, singer, composer and songwriter. Their Bollywood debut was as director–writer-lyricist with the Hindi film, Chal Pichchur Banate Hain (2012); their second, and first as actor-producer, is Mangal Ho, India's first Sci-Fun film set on Mars.
Film and television career
In 2011, Pritish started shooting for their debut Hindi feature film Chal Pichchur Banate Hain as director-writer.
They founded their film production company in 2013 and started working on their next film script Mangal Ho. in which veteran comedians Annu Kapoor and Sanjay Mishra were amongst the first actors to be signed.
The first look Digital Motion Poster of "Mangal Ho" was released on the Indian Republic day, 26 January 2017 while the first look Teaser was released on 15 August 2017 on the Independence Day.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Hindi film producers
Hindi-language film directors
Film directors from Mumbai
Bengali people
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
21st-century Indian actors
1984 births
Film directors from Kolkata
Luigi Velluti (1908 – 1985) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1908 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Place of birth missing
KPFA (94.1 FM) is an American listener-funded talk radio and music radio station located in Berkeley, California, broadcasting to the San Francisco Bay Area. KPFA airs public news, public affairs, talk, and music programming. The station signed on the air April 15, 1949, as the first Pacifica Radio station and remains the flagship station of the Pacifica Radio Network.
The station's studios are located in Downtown Berkeley, and the transmitter site is located in the Berkeley Hills.
History
Launched in 1949, three years after the Pacifica Foundation was created by pacifist Lewis Hill, KPFA became the first station in the Pacifica Radio network and the first listener-supported radio broadcaster in the United States. Previously, non-commercial stations were licensed only to serve educational functions as extensions of high schools, colleges, and universities. This departure into listener-oriented programming brought many detractors as KPFA aired controversial programming. The first interview with anyone from the gay political movement was broadcast by KPFA, as well as Allen Ginsberg's poem Howl in the 1950s. In 1954 the broadcast by a group of marijuana reform advocates extolling the pleasures of cannabis resulted in the tape being impounded by the California Attorney General. In the 1960s KPFA and Pacifica were accused of being controlled by the Communist Party, and several challenges to its license were waged, none of them successful.
KPFA was the first station to broadcast a radio show specializing in space music, with the debut of Stephen Hill and Anna Turner's Music from the Hearts of Space in 1973. Ten years later, the show – now known by the shorter title Hearts of Space – was syndicated in the U.S. to NPR stations, while remaining at its first home at KPFA.
In the 1970s and 1980s, it broadcast a weekly long-running radio program called Fruit Punch for gay and lesbian listeners.
Labor disputes
In 1999 the station was effectively taken over by KPFA's governing Pacifica Foundation, after Dennis Bernstein, the long-established host of the station's Flashpoints news magazine, was forcibly removed by police for airing grievances on air over a labor dispute. A broad cross-section of protesters joined in direct action outside of the station in a weeks-long lockout during which station management spent over half a million dollars on security measures.
At one point, listeners created a separate fund to accept listener pledges that would be directed away from the Pacifica Foundation.
In 2007, KPFA derecognized its Unpaid Staff Organization. The staff claimed that Pacifica Radio had been making network more corporate, softening its voice of dissent, and attempting to get rid of some of the volunteers at the station. In 2008, a forcible removal by police of a KPFA volunteer highlighted the concerns between management and volunteer staff.
A member of the KPFA board suggested that it was problematic that there was no grievance procedure for unpaid staff at the station.
In November 2010, the management of Pacifica laid off most of the staff of the popular KPFA Morning Show. The union representing the paid staff of KPFA claims that the lay offs were done in violation of the union contract. Pacifica management says the lay offs were financially necessary and done according to staff seniority. Pacifica management replaced the paid staff of the Morning Show with an all volunteer crew.
Affiliated stations
KPFA's sister stations are WBAI New York, KPFT Houston, KPFK Los Angeles, and WPFW Washington. Pacifica continues today to be a listener-supported network of stations. The main KPFA transmitter is a 59 kilowatt class B, though there is a booster KPFA-FM3 in Oakley. KPFB 89.3 is a smaller station, also in Berkeley, that covers areas of Berkeley that are shielded from the main KPFA signal by the Berkeley Hills. It also carries some separate programming specifically for its Berkeley audience. KPFA programs are also rebroadcast by KFCF in Fresno. KZFR in Chico also carries KPFA's programming from 2:00-6:00 a.m. daily. KZSC Santa Cruz simultaneously broadcasts KPFA's Pacifica Evening News on weeknights. In the Bay Area, Comcast carries KPFA's broadcasts on cable channel 967, as part of its digital radio offering. The channel is labelled "Variety/Berkeley".
See also
References
Further reading
External links
KPFA official website
Pacifica Radio Archives
The Lengthening Shadow: Lewis Hill and the Origins of Listener-Sponsored Radio in America
w9wi.com List of "Superpower grandfathered" FM radio stations in the U.S.
KPFA: A Historical Footnote (Seventy five hours of programs and interviews from the 1960s)
Pacifica Foundation stations
Culture of Berkeley, California
Mass media in Berkeley, California
Counterculture of the 1960s
PFA
Radio stations established in 1949
1949 establishments in California
Frank v. Gaos, 586 U.S. ___ (2019), was a per curiam decision by the Supreme Court of the United States in a case concerning the practice of cy pres settlements in class action lawsuits. Following oral argument, the court asked the parties to submit supplemental briefs addressing whether the parties had Article III standing to pursue the case in federal courts. Supplemental briefing was completed on December 21, 2018. On March 20, 2019, the court remanded the case to the Ninth Circuit to address the plaintiffs' standing in light of Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins.
Background and lower court decisions
In 2010, several individuals, including lead plaintiff Paloma Gaos, brought a class action against Google for allegedly leaking, in violation of privacy laws, information about their search terms to third parties by including search terms in the referrer header. After four days of negotiations, both sides agreed to a settlement, which requires approval by the presiding judge in the case to determine whether, per Rule 23(e)(2) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, it is "fair, reasonable, and adequate". In exchange for settlement funds, all class members, even if they were unaware of the settlement, relinquish their claim against the defendant.
Under the proposed settlement terms, the three lawyers in the case would receive over $2 million (an hourly rate of $1000/hour) and the named plaintiffs would receive $5,000 apiece, while an additional $6 million would be given to several privacy groups under the cy-près doctrine in lieu of compensation to then remaining unnamed class action members, due to the cost of administering the payout to those estimated 129 million individuals and the low amount of compensation (an estimated four cents). The privacy groups that would receive some of the money included each of the three lawyers' alma maters and several groups that Google has supported. The district court judge in the case, Judge Edward Davlia, noted "the elephant in the room is that many of them are law schools that you attended. ... I'm disappointed that the usual suspects are still usual." Bloomberg News stated that Judge Davlia remarked that the lack of transparency in selecting the recipients of the money "raises a red flag" and "doesn't pass the smell test", although it was nonetheless approved.
In response to the settlement, Ted Frank and Melissa Holyoak of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, two of the 129 million unnamed members of the class being represented in the case, intervened to challenge the settlement on the grounds that it violated a procedural rule that such cy-pres settlements be "fair, reasonable and adequate." Google labeled Frank as a "professional objector". The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the use of cy-pres in this case, noting that otherwise the estimated 129 million web users that could theoretically receive damages from the suit would receive "a paltry 4 cents in recovery."
As Brian Miller of the Center for Individual Rights, in an opinion piece for Forbes, summarized the problem:
Supreme Court appeal
Frank filed a petition of certiorari in the U.S. Supreme Court. The Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence, Cato Institute, Center for Individual Rights, and Attorney General of Arizona, in a brief joined by 15 other states, filed amicus curiae briefs urging the court to grant certiorari.
The court granted certiorari on April 30, 2018. The Court gives the following as the question presented in this case:
The Solicitor General filed an amicus brief in support of neither party arguing that, before reaching the merits on the question presented, there is "considerable doubt whether the Court has Article III jurisdiction to address that question, because plaintiffs' standing in the district court depended on a theory of injury that this Court subsequently rejected in Spokeo, Inc. v. Robins, 136 S. Ct. 1540 (2016)" and that the court may wish to vacate and remand the case to address the issue of standing.
Oral arguments were heard on October 31, 2018, with Frank having been one of the few Supreme Court attorneys ever to argue their own case. The justices were divided along partisan lines based on observers' opinions, with the liberal justices supporting the cy pres approach used, while the conservative members felt the cy pres decision denied the class members their restitution and were critical of how much of the settlement went to legal fees. Writing for SCOTUSblog, Ronald Mann noted that at oral argument "all seemed to agree that the district court's reasoning could not withstand scrutiny under Spokeo. The point of disagreement seemed to be whether there was any prospect that the plaintiffs could identify some new argument that would satisfy Spokeo at this late date."
The following week, the court ordered the parties and the Solicitor General "to file supplemental briefs addressing whether any named plaintiff has standing such that the federal courts have Article III jurisdiction over this dispute." Briefing will be completed by December 21.
The Court issued a per curiam decision on March 20, 2019, vacating the Ninth Circuit's decision and requesting continued review based on the Spokeo decision which had been brought up in the briefing stage of the case, in which questioned whether there was proper standing in this case. As the Spokeo question was not considered at the Ninth Circuit, the Supreme Court could not be the first court to consider that matter, and thus returned the case to the Ninth Circuit, expressing no view on the matter otherwise.
Notes
References
External links
Case page at SCOTUSblog
Motion of plaintiffs in the district court to settle the case
2019 in United States case law
United States class action case law
United States civil due process case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
Google litigation
Competitive Enterprise Institute
United States privacy case law
Excel Christian School is an accredited private Pre-K through grade 12 Christian school in Sparks, Nevada, founded in 2003 as a non-profit organization. The school mascot is the Warriors, and the school colors are red and black.
Description
Excel Christian was founded as a non-denominational Christian school by teacher Bonnie Krupa, with a stated mission "for students to find joy in the pursuit of spiritual, moral, relational and academic excellence". Basic skills in "phonics, current events, mathematics, language skills plus reading and writing" were planned as the focus, with class electives to include "journalism, cinema, music, sports, art and cheerleading".
As of the 2017–2018 school year, Excel's K–12 enrollment was 231 students, with 63 students enrolled in grades 9–12.
Niche reviews rated Excel Christian as sixth among nine "Best Christian High Schools in Nevada", with an overall grade of "B" for academics. According the 2021 Niche survey, "After graduation, 75% of students from this school go on to attend a 4-year college."
It is a non-profit corporation, filing under 501(c)(3) of the U.S. tax code.
History
Excel Christian School opened in August 2003 in leased classroom space on Baring Boulevard, large enough to serve between 50–80 students in grades K–12. It was located next to a YMCA which the school panned to ue "for sports, recreation, PE programs and breaks".
In 2006, the school opened a second site, on Odie Boulevard, for its 75 middle school and high school students, with room enough to expand enrollment to 160 students. The site included a 560-seat auditorium planned for use with a new fine arts curriculum.
The elementary school program moved in 2008 to the Hope Chapel campus of University Family Fellowship, a larger location with 6,000 square feet of space, to allow expanding enrollment from 40 students in the elementary program up to 140 students. In Fall 2008 the school also began the accreditation process of the Association of Christian Schools International, and as of 2021 it is accredited.
In March 2015, the school began fundraising for a down payment to buy the former YMCA property at Baring Boulevard and Rockwood Drive.
Athletics
Excel is a member of the NIAA (Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association) and competes in the Single A (1A) division. Current sports offered for middle school are: girls' basketball, boys' basketball, volleyball, football, track, and wrestling. High school sports offered include: boys' basketball, girls' basketball, cheerleading, cross-country, football, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
In January 2020, five international students from the school filed a federal equal rights lawsuit against the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association after the NIAA threatened to void any games the students had played in. The NIAA has a ban on international students playing in varsity sports, to prevent the trafficking of students for the benefit of sports teams. In February 2020, it was announced that Excel Christian School would be exempt from this ban due to its small size, although no other schools were affected.
References
External links
Official site
Christian schools in Nevada
Educational institutions established in 2003
Private high schools in Nevada
Schools in Reno, Nevada
Private elementary schools in Nevada
Private middle schools in Nevada
2003 establishments in Nevada
"Now's The Time To Fall In Love" is a 1931 song from the Depression era written by Tin Pan Alley tunesmiths Al Sherman and Al Lewis. The song was made popular by Eddie Cantor on their weekly radio show. The song takes a positive attitude toward the plummeting prices of storebought items in financially depressed America of the 1930s.
The song was used in the popular 1953 motion picture about Eddie Cantor's life, The Eddie Cantor Story. It is referenced in the 1962 Academy Award-nominated Disney animated short musical film A Symposium on Popular Songs during the song "Although I Dropped $100,000", written by Al Sherman's songwriter sons, Robert and Richard Sherman.
Bibliography
Sherman, Robert B., Walt's Time: From Before to Beyond, Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
Reference
Songs written by Al Sherman
Songs written by Al Lewis (lyricist)
Eddie Cantor songs
1931 songs
The Haitian Project, Inc. is a Providence, Rhode Island based Roman Catholic non-profit organization dedicated to education in Haiti. Since 1987, it has operated Louverture Cleary School, a Catholic secondary school in Croix des Bouquets, Haiti.
History
In 1987, The Haitian Project established Louverture Cleary School, a Catholic boarding school in Croix des Bouquets, Haiti. Brian Moynihan was a benefactor of the school; their brother Patrick became director of it. Patrick, formerly a commodities trader for Louis Dreyfus Commodities, was president from 1996 until they stepped down on December 31, 2019.
Current activities
Over 350 secondary students attend the flagship tuition-free boarding school, Louverture Cleary School Santo 5, in Port-au-Prince, with a majority attending universities in Haiti upon graduation.
See also
Autonomie project
List of schools in Haiti
Notes
External links
Child education organizations
Education in Haiti
Haitian-American culture
Charities based in Rhode Island
Organizations based in Providence, Rhode Island
Organizations established in 1987
Foreign charities operating in Haiti
1987 establishments in Rhode Island
Bevy may refer to:
A large group or collection of something
Collonges-lès-Bévy, a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France
Bévy, a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France
Scots for an alcoholic beverage
A group of otters
A flock of quail
See also
Bevier (disambiguation)
es:Bevy
This is a list of casinos in Puerto Rico.
List of casinos
You must be 18 to enter a casino in Puerto Rico (18 is the legal gambling age), ID is needed for locals, and tourists need to show a passport to enter.
See also
List of companies of Puerto Rico
List of hotels in Puerto Rico
List of casinos in the United States
Tourism in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Casinos
Puerto Rico
Casinos
Casinos
Casinos in Puerto Rico
Amersham Market Hall, formerly known as Amersham Town Hall, is a municipal building in the High Street in Amersham, Buckinghamshire, England. The structure is a Grade II* listed building.
History
The town received a royal charter, allowing it to hold markets, from King John in 1200. For several centuries the market took the form of a series of stalls in an area which extended from the High Street in the west to Broadway in the east until a medieval market hall was erected in Broadway in the early 17th century. A series of seditious papers were posted in the building in 1653. After the old structure became dilapidated, the local member of parliament, Sir William Drake, who lived at Shardeloes, decided to construct a more substantial market building for the benefit of the town: the site they selected was in the High Street, to the west of the original building.
The new building was designed in the neoclassical style, built in red brick with stone dressings and was completed in 1682. It was arcaded on the ground floor so that markets could be held, with an assembly room on the first floor. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with six bays facing onto the south side of the High Street: this elevation featured a row of casement windows on the first floor with a coat of arms of the Drake family in the centre. There were quoins at the corners, a modillioned cornice at roof level and an octagonal wooden cupola above. An inscription stated that the bell in the cupola was manufactured by a Christopher Hudson. A village lock-up for petty criminals was installed in the north-east corner of the building at an early stage, a water pump was erected in 1785 and a horse-drawn fire station was installed in the arcaded area in the late 19th century. Trade guild meetings, school classes, magistrates' court hearings and political meetings were all held in the assembly room.
When parish and district councils were established under the Local Government Act 1894, the building became the meeting place for Amersham Parish Council, with the council's first meeting being held there on 4 January 1895. At this time the building was known as "Town Hall". The building was restored in 1911 at the expense of the then lord of the manor, William Wykeham Tyrrwhitt-Drake, and a plaque, bearing the inscription "Restored 1911 W. W. T. D." was installed below the coat of arms on the High Street elevation.
It was used as a recruiting station for Kitchener's Army at the start of the First World War. Amersham Police Court was held in the building until 1934.
The building was used by the BBC as a filming location for its comedy series, Cuckoo, in 2013.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Chiltern
References
Government buildings completed in 1682
City and town halls in Buckinghamshire
Amersham
Grade II* listed buildings in Buckinghamshire
Market halls
is a Japanese Tokusatsu drama and the 40th entry of Toei's long-running Super Sentai metaseries, following Shuriken Sentai Ninninger. Zyuohger premiered February 14, 2016, joining Kamen Rider Ghost, and later, Kamen Rider Ex-Aid in the Super Hero Time line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations, until its conclusion on February 5, 2017. Released as part of Super Sentai's 40th anniversary and Toei's "Super Hero Year", Zyuohger is the sixth series in the franchise whose central theme is animals, after Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan, Choujyu Sentai Liveman, Chōjin Sentai Jetman, Seijuu Sentai Gingaman, and Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger. The series also has a Minecraft-inspired and Rubik's cube motif. The lead screenwriter for the series is Junko Kōmura.
The cast and characters were revealed at an event at Tokyo Dome City on January 23 and 24, 2016, while the characters had their official debut in the film Shuriken Sentai Ninninger vs. ToQger the Movie: Ninja in Wonderland.
Zyuohger began airing in South Korea as Power Rangers Animal Force.
Story
Yamato Kazakiri, a zoologist, uncovers Zyuland, a world inhabited by an anthropomorphic animal race known as the . However, it coincides with the arrival of the from outer space who have chosen Earth to be the site of their 100th competition. Four of the Zyumen – the shark woman Sela, the lion man Leo, the elephant man Tusk, and the white tiger woman Amu – try to defend Zyuland from the Dethgaliens but their fight takes them to Earth, with Yamato in tow, and it is revealed that they possess an artifact known as the Champion's Proof, the fifth of a set also possessed by their Zyuman companions. The Champion's Proofs transform into devices that allow the five of them to transform into the Zyuohgers and fight the Dethgalien general attacking the Earth. After the fight, the Zyumen realize that they are now trapped in the human world, as there needs to be six Champion's Proofs for them to return to Zyuland. Yamato helps the four Zyumen live in the human world while they search for the sixth Champion's Proof, all the while continuing to battle the Dethgaliens who have added the Zyuohgers to their Blood Game festivities, which become even more intense when the invaders kidnap the human Misao Mondo and transform them into an artificial Zyuohger to fight in their stead. However, once the Zyuohgers release Misao from the Dethgaliens' control, they join their side as Zyuoh The World, while Bud, an old acquaintance of Yamato's family, later uses the sixth and final Champion's Proof to join the fight as Zyuoh Bird.
Episodes
Production
The trademark for the series was filed by Toei Company on September 7, 2015.
Films
The Zyuohgers made their debut appearance in Shuriken Sentai Ninninger vs. ToQger the Movie: Ninja in Wonderland, released in Japanese theaters on January 23, 2016.
The Exciting Circus Panic!
was released in Japanese theaters on August 6, 2016, double-billed with the film for Kamen Rider Ghost. The event of the movie takes place between Episode 22 and 23.
Zyuohger vs. Ninninger
, is a feature film featuring a crossover between Zyuohger and Shuriken Sentai Ninninger, released on January 14, 2017. The event of the movie takes place between Episode 38 and 39.
Ultra Super Hero Taisen
A crossover film, titled featuring the casts of Kamen Rider Ex-Aid, Amazon Riders, Uchu Sentai Kyuranger, and Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger, was released in Japan on March 25, 2017. This movie also celebrates the 10th anniversary of Kamen Rider Den-O and features the spaceship Andor Genesis from the Xevious game, which is used by the movie's main antagonists, as well as introduces the movie-exclusive Kamen Rider True Brave, played by Kamen Rider Brave's actor Toshiki Seto from Kamen Rider Ex-Aid, and the villain Shocker Great Leader III, played by the singer Diamond Yukai. In addition, individual actors from older Kamen Rider and Super Sentai TV series, Ryohei Odai (Kamen Rider Ryuki), Gaku Matsumoto (Shuriken Sentai Ninninger), Atsushi Maruyama (Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger), and Hiroya Matsumoto (Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters) reprise their respective roles.
Super Doubutsu Taisen
is included as part of the Blu-ray Miniseries releases of Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger. It comprises four episodes, featuring characters from previous Super Sentai series, as part of the celebration of the 40th anniversary of the franchise. The event of the special takes place between Episode 29 and 30.
V-Cinema
Give Me Your Life! Earth Champion Tournament
is a direct-to-video film released on June 28, 2017. Original characters (Dethgalien executives and Perle) are set to return in addition to new casts, such as rakugoka Hayashiya Taihei as Pocane Daniro and Rie Kugimiya as Lilian. The film also features the movie-exclusive Zyuoh Condor, and the events of the movie take place after the final episode of the series.
Lupinranger VS Patranger VS Kyuranger
is a V-Cinema release that features a crossover between Uchu Sentai Kyuranger and Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger, also including Naoki Kunishima from Zyuohger reprising their role. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 21, 2019.
Cast
:
:
:
:
:
:
,:
:
Voice actors
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Narration, Zyuohger Equipment Voice:
Guest cast
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Mobilate Voice (28, 29):
Boy (38):
:
:
Reporter (43):
Songs
Opening theme
Lyrics:
Composition: Hideaki Takatori
Arrangement: (Project.R)
Artist: (Project.R)
Instruments:
Chorus:
Ending themes
Lyrics: Shoko Fujibayashi
Composition & Arrangement: (Project.R)
Artist: (Project.R)
Chorus: Young Fresh
Episodes: 1-27, 30-47
Lyrics: Shoko Fujibayashi,
Composition & Arrangement: (Project.R)
Artist: Project.R
Instruments: Zetki
Episodes: 28, 29
Lyrics: Shoko Fujibayashi
Composition & Arrangement: Takayoshi Tanimoto (Project.R)
Artist: Yohei Onishi (Project.R)
Chorus: Young Fresh
Episodes: 48
Notes
References
External links
at TV Asahi
at Toei Company
at Super-Sentai.net
Super Sentai
2016 Japanese television series debuts
2017 Japanese television series endings
Television series about alien visitations
Works about animals
Television series about animals
The men's discus throw event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 21 and 22 August. A 2 kg (senior implement) discus was used.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 August
Qualifications
21 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 21 countries participated in the event.
References
Discus throw
Discus throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Lorenzo Pérez de Grado (died 1627) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cuzco (1619–1627) and Bishop of Paraguay (1615–1619).
Biography
On 16 September 1615, Lorenzo Pérez de Grado was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Bishop of Paraguay.
In 1616, they were consecrated bishop by Agustín de Carvajal, Bishop of Ayacucho o Huamanga.
On 18 March 1619, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Bishop of Cuzco.
They served as Bishop of Cuzco until their death on 4 September 1627.
While bishop, they were the principal consecrator of Julián de Cortázar, Bishop of Córdoba (1618).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Peru
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul V
1627 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Paraguay
Roman Catholic bishops of Paraguay
Roman Catholic bishops of Cusco
Harrow Lodge Park is a large public park in Hornchurch in the London Borough of Havering. It was created by Hornchurch Urban District Council, partly on land donated by Richard Costain and Sons Ltd., the developers of Elm Park Garden City housing development. It includes the cricket pitch used by Hornchurch Cricket Club.
History
The park was established by Hornchurch Urban District Council in 1936 when the council purchased the of Harrow Lodge Farm from the London County Council for £16,250. A further were added to the park when Costain, developers of Elm Park Garden City, donated land to the council as part of a planning agreement.
References
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Havering
Chinaman () is a term referring to a Chinese man or person, a Mainland Chinese national or, in some cases, a person native to geographical East Asia or of perceived East Asian race. While the term has no negative connotations in older dictionaries and the usage of such compound terms as Englishman, Frenchman, Dutchman, Irishman and Welshman, are sometimes cited as unobjectionable parallels, the term is noted as having pejorative overtones by modern dictionaries. Its derogatory connotations evolved from its use in pejorative contexts regarding Chinese people and other Asians as well as its grammatical incorrectness which resembles stereotypical characterizations of Chinese accents in English-speaking associated with discrimination. While usage of the term Chinaman is nowadays strongly discouraged by Asian American organizations, it has also been used as a self-referential archetype by authors and artists of Asian descent. It may have come from literal translation into English of the Chinese term for "Chinese man/person", 中國人 (Zhōngguó rén) = "China man/person".
Historic usage
Use in Australia
Historically, words such as Chinaman, Chink and yellow have been used in Australia to refer to Chinese Australians during the Australian gold rushes and when the White Australia Policy was in force.
Use in the United States
The term Chinaman has been historically used in a variety of ways, including legal documents, literary works, geographic names, and in speech. Census records in 19th-century North America recorded Chinese men by names such as "John Chinaman", "Jake Chinaman" or simply as "Chinaman". Chinese-American historian Emma Woo Louie commented that such names in census schedules were used when census takers could not obtain any information and that they "should not be considered to be racist in intent". One census taker in El Dorado County wrote, "I found about 80 Chinese men in Spanish Canion who refused to give me their names or other information." Louie equated "John Chinaman" to "John Doe" in its usage to refer to a person whose name is not known, and added that other ethnic groups were also identified by generic terms as well, such as Spaniard and Kanaka, which refers to a Hawaiian.
In a notable 1853 letter to Governor of California John Bigler which challenges their proposed immigration policy toward the Chinese, restaurant owner Norman Asing, at the time a leader in San Francisco's Chinese community, refers to themselves as a "Chinaman". Addressing the governor, they write, "Sir: I am a Chinaman, a republican, and a lover of free institutions." Chinaman was also often used in complimentary contexts, such as "after a very famous Chinaman in old Cassiar Rush days, (who was) known & loved by whites and natives".
As the Chinese in the American West began to encounter discrimination and hostile criticism of their culture and mannerisms, the term would begin to take on negative connotations. The slogan of the Workingman's Party was "The Chinese Must Go!", coined in the 1870s before Chinaman acquired a derogatory association. The term Chinaman's chance evolved as the Chinese began to take on dangerous jobs building the railroads or ventured to exploit mine claims abandoned by others, and later found themselves victims of injustice as accused murderers (of Chinese) would be acquitted if the only testimony against them was from other Chinese. Legal documents such as the Geary Act of 1892, which barred the entry of Chinese people to the United States, referred to Chinese people both as "Chinese persons" or "Chinamen".
Use on Japanese people
The term has also been used to refer to Japanese men, despite the fact that they are not Chinese. The Japanese admiral Tōgō Heihachirō, during their training in England in the 1870s, was called "Johnny Chinaman" by their British comrades. Civil rights pioneer Takuji Yamashita took a case to the United States Supreme Court in 1922 on the issue of the possibility of allowing Japanese immigrants to own land in the state of Washington. Washington's attorney general, in their argument, stated that Japanese people could not fit into American society because assimilation was not possible for "the Negro, the Indian and the Chinaman".
Use on Korean people
Mary Paik Lee, a Korean immigrant who arrived with their family in San Francisco in 1906, writes in their 1990 autobiography Quiet Odyssey that on their first day of school, girls circled and hit her, chanting:
Ching Chong, Chinaman,
Sitting on a wall.
Along came a white man,
And chopped their tail off.
A variation of this rhyme is repeated by a young boy in John Steinbeck's 1945 novel Cannery Row in mockery of a Chinese man. In this version, "wall" is replaced with "rail", and the phrase "chopped their tail off" is changed to "chopped off their tail":
Ching Chong, Chinaman,
Sitting on a rail.
Along came a white man,
And chopped off their tail.
Literary use
Literary and musical works have used the term as well. In "Disgraceful Persecution of a Boy", an 1870 essay written by Mark Twain, a sympathetic and often flattering account about the circumstances of Chinese people in 19th-century United States society, the term is used throughout the body of the essay to refer to Chinese people. Over a hundred years later, the term would again be used during the Civil Rights era in the context of racial injustice in literary works. The term was used in the title of Chinese American writer Frank Chin's first play, The Chickencoop Chinaman, written in 1972, and also in the translated English title of Bo Yang's work of political and cultural criticism The Ugly Chinaman and the Crisis of Chinese Culture.
During the 1890s detective fiction often portrayed Chinese characters as stereotypically conniving, tending to use the term "Chinaman" to refer to them. This occurred to such a great extent that it prompted writers of the 1920s and 1930s (during Britain's Golden Age of Detective Fiction) to eschew stereotypical characterizations, either by removing them from their stories entirely (as suggested by Ronald Knox in their "Ten Commandments" of Detective Fiction) or by recasting them in non-stereotypical roles. This "Rule of Rule Subversion" became an important part of Golden Age detective fiction, challenging readers to think more critically about characters using only information given in the story.
In musical works, the term appears in Mort Shuman's 1967 translation of the Jacques Brel song "Jacky": "Locked up inside my opium den / Surrounded by some Chinamen." (The phrase used in Brel's original French lyric was vieux Chinois, meaning "old Chinese".) The term was also used in the hit 1974 song Kung Fu Fighting, by Carl Douglas; the song's first verse begins "They were funky Chinamen from funky Chinatown."
Modern usage
The term Chinaman is described as being offensive in most modern dictionaries and studies of usage. The New Fowler's Modern English Usage considers Chinaman to have a "derogatory edge", The Cambridge Guide to English Usage describes it as having "derogatory overtones", and Philip Herbst's reference work The Color of Words notes that it may be "taken as patronizing". This distinguishes it from similar ethnic names such as Englishman and Irishman, which are not used pejoratively.
In its original sense, Chinaman has been almost entirely absent from British English, particularly before 1965. However, chinaman (not capitalized) remained in use in an alternative sense to describe a left-arm unorthodox spin bowler in cricket, although the use of the term is declining due to the racial overtones associated with it. Most British dictionaries see the term Chinaman as old-fashioned, and this view is backed up by data from the British National Corpus. According to Merriam-Webster's Dictionary of English Usage, in American English Chinaman is most often used in a "knowing" way, either satirically or to evoke the word's historical connotations. It acknowledges, however, that there is still some usage that is completely innocent. In addition, Herbst notes in The Color of Words that despite Chinaman negative connotations, its use is not usually intended as malicious.
Controversy
The use of the term Chinaman in public platforms and as names of geographical locations has been the occasion of several public controversies in recent times.
On April 9, 1998, television sitcom show Seinfeld aired an episode in which a character referred to opium as "the Chinaman's nightcap". The episode prompted many Asian American viewers, including author Maxine Hong Kingston, to send letters of protest. In their letter, Kingston wrote that the term is "equivalent to niggers for blacks and kikes for Jews". Media watchdog Media Action Network for Asian Americans (MANAA) called on NBC, broadcasting network for the show, to issue a public apology. NBC did not issue an apology, but it removed the offending term from the episode in the episode's rerun in May 1998. NBC's executive vice president for broadcast standards and content policy sent MANAA a letter stating that the network never intended to offend. MANAA was pleased with the studio's response despite the lack of an apology, and Kingston, while disappointed there was no apology, was pleased that the term was removed from the episode.
On July 7, 1998, Canada's province of Alberta changed the name of a peak in the Rocky Mountains from "Chinaman's Peak" to "Ha Ling Peak" due to pressure from the province's large Chinese community. The new name was chosen in honour of the railway labourer who scaled the peak's -high summit in 1896 to win a $50 bet to commemorate all their fellow Chinese railway labourers. Ha Ling themselves had named it "Chinaman's Peak" on behalf of all their fellow Chinese railway workers.
In 2001, the Chicago Sun-Times was chastised by William Yashino, Midwest director of the Japanese American Citizens League, for using the term Chinaman in two of its columns. Yashino wrote, in a letter to the editor on May 16, 2001, that the term is derogatory and demeaning to Chinese Americans and Asian Americans, and that it marginalizes these communities and inflames public sentiment.
In March 2007, media mogul Ted Turner used the term in a public speech before the Bay Area Council of San Francisco, California. Community leaders and officials objected to their use of the term, and immediately called for an apology. In a statement released by their spokesperson on March 13, 2007, Turner apologized for having used the term, stating that they were unaware that the term was derogatory. Vincent Pan, director of the organization Chinese for Affirmative Action, said it was "a bit suspect" for someone involved in domestic and world politics like Turner to be unaware that the term is derogatory. Yvonne Lee, a former commissioner of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission, said the apology was the first step, but wanted Turner to agree to further "dialogue between different communities".
On April 11, 2008, golf announcer Bobby Clampett apologized for referring to golfer Liang Wen-Chong as "the Chinaman" during the Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club. Clampett, working the Internet broadcast of Amen Corner, made the comment after Liang missed the cut. According to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Clampett was taken off the broadcast after the comment.
In 2010, the Pan Asian Repertory Theatre released a statement explaining their decision to produce a play by Lauren Yee titled Ching Chong Chinaman, a term which has at times been used in doggerel verse with racist overtones. Artistic Producing Director Tisa Chang explained that "Ching Chong Chinaman takes its controversial title from the late 19th century pejorative jingle and uses irony and satire to reverse prejudicial attitudes towards Asians and other outsiders."
Children's book author and illustrator Dr. Seuss used the word "Chinaman" along with a racial caricature of a bright-yellow man with a queue and chopsticks in their 1937 book And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street. The rest of the characters in the book have white skin and apparent eyes. It was initially changed to "Chinese man" and their queue and bright skin color was removed, but the controversy ensued. In March 2021, Dr. Seuss's estate announced that Mulberry Street was one of six Dr. Seuss books that would no longer be published due insensitive portrayals. Multiple examples of other cartoons widely considered containing anti-Asian racism by Dr. Seuss can be found in their banned books and political cartoons.
See also
Chinaman's chance
Ching chong
Chink
Gweilo
List of ethnic slurs
Shina (word)
Chinaman (politics)
References
Further reading
External links
Asian-American issues
Anti-Chinese sentiment
English words
Anti–East Asian slurs
Pazar, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Catholic Times was a weekly newspaper for Roman Catholics in Great Britain and Ireland. Founded in 1860, it was published in Manchester, United Kingdom, by the Universe Media Group as a companion paper to The Universe.
It was merged with The Universe on 1 May 2020.
References
External links
Official website
1860 establishments in the United Kingdom
Publications established in 1860
Catholic newspapers
María Silva is a Spanish film and television actor.
Partial filmography
Una gran señora (1959) - Modelo
The Last Days of Pompeii (1959) - Julia's Maid
La fiel infantería (1960)
Don José, Pepe y Pepito (1961)
Margarita se llama mi amor (1961) - Alumna que se sienta junto a Nacho
Siempre es domingo (1961) - Amiga de Carlota
Pecado de Amor (1961) - Novia y esposa de Ángel Vega
The Awful Dr. Orlof (1962) - Dany
Zorro the Avenger (1962) - Irene
Terrible Sheriff (1962) - Clementine
Shades of Zorro (1962) - Irene
Usted tiene ojos de mujer fatal (1962)
Cristo negro (1963) - Mary Janson
Tela de araña (1963) - Chica del club
The Betrothed (1964) - Lucia Mondella
La muerte silba un blues (1964) - Rosita
El rapto de T.T. (1964)
Cavalry Charge (1964) - Valerie Jackson
Los cuatreros (1965) - Mary Thompson
Vereda de Salvação (1965)
002 Operazione Luna (1965) - Dr. Frausink
I due parà (1965) - Santa
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge (1966)
Los celos y el duende (1967) - Lucía
Kill the Wickeds (1967) - Shelley
Los subdesarrollados (1968) - Laly
Ballad of a Bounty Hunter (1968) - Isabel Alvarez
La dinamita está servida (1968) - Olga
O.K. Yevtushenko (1968) - Pandora Loz
El huésped del sevillano (1970) - Raquel
Un par de asesinos (1970) - María Anderson
When Heroes Die (1970) - Nicole
Presagio (1970) - Berta Reinaldi
Tombs of the Blind Dead (1972) - Maria
Al diablo, con amor (1973)
El Retorno de Walpurgis (1973) - Elizabeth Bathory
I has hecho perder el juicio (1973)
Un par de zapatos del '32 (1974) - School Teacher
Odio mi cuerpo (1974) - Mary Knoll
Santo and the Vengeance of the Mummy (1975) - Abigail
Devil's Kiss (1976) - Susan
Nunca es tarde (1977) - Coro
Esperando a papá (1980) - Laura
El lobo negro (1981)
127 millones libres de impuestos (1981) - Claudia
Duelo a muerte (1981) - Marquesa
El lío de papá (1985) - Nuria
La monja alférez (1987)
Caminos de tiza (1988)
Hacienda somos casi to-dos (1988)
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley. World Filmography: 1967. Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1977.
External links
1941 births
Living people
Spanish film actores
Giovanni Balestra (1774–1842) was an Italian engraver.
They were born at Bassano del Grappa, and was a relative of Antonio Balestra. They studied under Antonio Suntach and attended the engraver's workshop of Count Giovanni Antonio Remondini in Bassano. In 1803, they moved to Rome. They engraved Christ and the Samaritan Woman at the Fountain after Il Garofalo; The Penitent Magdalene after Bartolomé Esteban Murillo; Madonna del Rosario after Sassoferrato; and Aurora and Cephalus after Annibale Carracci. They also made engravings of the Roman works of Antonio Canova and Bertel Thorwaldsen.
They died in Rome in 1842.
References
1774 births
1842 deaths
People from Bassano del Grappa
Italian engravers
The men's marathon at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, on 3 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
3 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 49 athletes from 21 countries participated in the event.
(3)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(3)
(2)
References
Marathon
Marathons at the European Athletics Championships
Euro
Men's marathons
Sydney Harbour is the 10-mile long Y-shaped inlet of the Atlantic, oriented southwest-northeast on the northeast shore of Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada. At its upper reaches, the harbour forks to form 2 arms, the Northwest Arm and the South Arm. The South Arm is fed upstream by the Sydney River.
Sydney Harbour is the maritime hub for the Cape Breton Regional Municipality. The South Arm affords year-round ice-free deep-water anchorage for large ships, including cruise ships.
The harbour's east shore formerly held a coke (fuel) and steel mill belonging to the Sydney Steel Corporation, operating from 1901-2001 with peak production from 1960-1980. Muggah Creek, near the steel mill, transported material (including polychlorinated biphenyl) into the Sydney Harbour, resulting in the area around the mouth of the creek to be had some of the most contaminated marine sediment known (as of 2003).
The harbour underwent major dredging in 2011, clearing the channel to 17-meter depth and making it accessible to large container ships. Five port facilities currently operate on the shores of Sydney Harbour: the International Coal Pier, Nova Scotia Lands, Sydney Marine Terminal, Sydport Industrial Park (Edwardsville) and Marine Atlantic (North Sydney). The sixth, the new container terminal, NOVAPORTE™ Mega-Terminal, is being planned for Edwardsville.
References
Notes
Nautical chart #4266 SYDNEY HARBOUR, published by Canadian Hydrographic Service, 28 February 2014
Ports and harbours of Nova Scotia
'Granoturris padolina'' is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Description
The length of the shell varies between 5 mm and 9 mm.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea off Colombia; also off Southern Brazil (Estado de Santa Catarina)
Fossils have been found in Quaternary strata of Florida, USA.
References
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
Agudo-Padrón, A. Ignacio. "Inventario sistemático revisado y actualizado de los moluscos marinos ocurrentes en el Estado de Santa Catarina, Brasil." Revista Brasileira de Gestão Ambiental e Sustentabilidade 2.2 (2015): 59–75
padolina
Gastropods described in 1953
Dar al-Islam is a Muslim educational center located near Abiquiú, New Mexico, US.
History
It was the first planned Islamic community in the United States. It was originally co-founded in 1979 by Nuridin Durkee, an American who had converted to Islam; Sahl Kabbani, a Saudi business person; and Abdullah Omar Nasseef, a former secretary-general of the World Muslim League. Kabbani reportedly contributed $125,000 to the non-profit Lama Foundation that was formed to create the community, while the bulk of the start up funds were said to have come from the Riyadh Ladies' Benevolent Association of Saudi Arabia, and several daughters of the late Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.
The foundation purchased its first site from Alva Simpson, a well-established rancher along the Chama, for $1,372,000. The land included the mesa top, plus below the mesa – a lush, fertile tract along the Chama River.
At its height, the community served some 60 students, employed seven full-time teachers, and partially supported itself through resident entrepreneurial efforts. By 1990, however, the project was suffering from attrition. Although it never fully achieved its original intent as a residential community for American Muslims, it did succeed in remaining viable as an educational facility. Today it provides religious instruction, retreats and camps for its residents and other Muslims, as well as teaching workshops on Islam for public and private institutions.
Architecture
The mosque and madrasa (religious school) were designed by the Egyptian architect Hassan Fathy and were constructed of adobe. The main buildings were completed in 1981, and Dar al-Islam opened in 1982.
References
Sources
External links
Has pictures of Fathy's work at Dar Al-Islam.
1979 establishments in New Mexico
Intentional communities in the United States
Islamic organizations based in the United States
Mosques in New Mexico
Organizations based in New Mexico
Religion in New Mexico
Rio Arriba County, New Mexico
Mosques completed in 1981
Leon Rosen (March 1869, Warsaw – 16 August 1942, New York City) was an American chess master.
Born in Warsaw, Poland (then Russian Empire), they left for Paris, France, and next emigrated to the United States. They took 4th at Paris 1896 (Dawid Janowski won), and took 14th in the Paris 1900 chess tournament (Emanuel Lasker won). In that time, they appeared on the New York 1900 Census. They took 18th at Excelsior 1905 (U.S. Open Chess Championship, Edward F. Schrader won), took 2nd, after Julius Finn, in the 1907 New York State championship, took 2nd, behind Clarence S. Howell, at Trenton Falls 1908 (Quadrangular). In 1909, they shared 1st with Manuel Ayala and Otto Roething in the Manhattan CC championship. In January 1910, Rosen, the Parisian expert, beat José Raúl Capablanca (third round), Jacob Rosenthal (semi-final), and J. Marder (final), and won in the Rice Chess Club tournament in New York.
Rosen played in several matches in New York; Manhattan CC vs. Franklin CC (1909), Rice CC vs. Brooklyn CC (1909), Brooklyn CC vs. Rice CC (1909), Manhattan CC vs. Franklin CC (1910, 1911, 1912). They participated in American Chess Bulletin tournament in 1914/15, and in the 1923 New York Metropolitan team tournament.
References
1869 births
1942 deaths
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Polish chess players
American chess players
Jewish chess players
Sportspeople from Warsaw
The 2005 VCU Rams baseball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2005 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Rams played their home games at The Diamond as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They were led by head coach Paul Keyes, in their eleventh year as head coach.
Previous season
The 2004 VCU Rams baseball team notched a 34–24 (14–10) regular-season record.
References
2005 Colonial Athletic Association baseball season
2007
2005 in sports in Virginia
Vcu
2005
Amorn Yuktanandana (born 16 June 1928, died before 2016) was a Thai sports shooter. They competed at the 1960, 1964, 1968 Summer Olympics and 1958 and 1966 Asian Games.
References
External links
1928 births
Year of death missing
Amorn Yuktanandana
Amorn Yuktanandana
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1958 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Amorn Yuktanandana
Medalists at the 1958 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Kelp Point () is a point fringed by kelp, marking the south side of the entrance to Husvik Harbor, the southern arm of Stromness Bay, on the north coast of South Georgia. It was charted and named by Discovery Investigations personnel in the period 1926–30.
References
Headlands of South Georgia
The fine-barred piculet (Picumnus subtilis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It was until recently considered endemic to Peru, but is now also known from adjacent Acre in Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
fine-barred piculet
Endemic birds of Peru
Birds of the Yungas
fine-barred piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bill Israel is the third studio album by American rapper Kodak Black. It was released on November 11, 2020 through Atlantic Records. The production on the album was handled by multiple producers including Nova Wav, Nick Mira, Charlie Handsome and Taz Taylor among others. The album also features guest appearances from Tory Lanez, Jackboy, Gucci Mane, CBE and Lil Yachty.
Bill Israel was preceded by the single "Pimpin Ain't Eazy". The single failed to appear on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics and achieved low commercial success. It debuted at number 42 on the US Billboard 200 chart, earning 16,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, becoming Kodak's lowest charting album to date.
Background
Kodak took to Instagram to announce their third studio album on October 26, 2020, while serving a 46-month prison sentence. In this post, Kodak revealed the project's title, length, and cover art, which features Kodak alongside a Rabbi, surrounded by doodles. Many of the sketches are religious, such as the multiple crosses, a Star of David, and "#THESTAROFDAVID". These are in reference to Kodak's Hebrew Israelite identity, which they discovered while they were incarcerated after studying scripture with Priest Kahan, a teacher who served as a prison chaplain.
On November 5, 2020, Kodak Black published the album's tracklist. Similar religious imagery to the front cover art is also present on the tracklist.
Commercial performance
Bill Israel debuted at number 42 on the US Billboard 200 chart, earning 16,000 album-equivalent units in its first week. This became Kodak Black's lowest charting album to date.
Track listing
Track list adapted from Apple Music.
Charts
References
Kodak Black albums
Atlantic Records albums
2020 albums
WOKY (920 kHz, "The Big 920") is a commercial AM radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia and broadcasts a sports format affiliated with Fox Sports Radio. Its studios and offices, which became the home of all iHeart Milwaukee stations in 2000 after a building expansion, are located on West Howard Avenue in suburban Greenfield; the transmitter site is behind the studios. WOKY broadcasts in HD Radio.
History
The history of WOKY can be traced back to WEXT, a 1,000-watt daytimer radio station at 1430 kilocycles in Milwaukee. It was founded by what would become the Bartell Group: Lee, David, Gerald, and Rosa Bartell (later Evans) which began operations on August 31, 1947. WEXT, the Milwaukee market's fifth radio station, did fairly well with a broadcast schedule that included popular music and ethnic programming, including a polka music show hosted by local radio legend John Reddy. Gerald Bartell and Rosa Bartell met Ralph Evans II while the three worked at the student radio station of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Gerald and Rosa worked on programming and Evans was an electrical engineering student.
In the wake of WEXT's success, the Bartell family applied for full-time broadcast operations, and the result was a move down the dial to AM 920 on September 1950 and a new call sign, WOKY. (The 1430 frequency was reassigned in 1951 to WBEV in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, 50 miles northwest of Milwaukee.) WOKY initially aired a full-service variety format similar to WEXT's, including popular music shows and programs oriented toward housewives and children. In time, pop music became the primary component of WOKY's schedule, with disc jockeys choosing the songs they played based on the Billboard and Cash Box best-seller charts and on local record sales. WOKY soon became Milwaukee's second Top 40 music station after WRIT (now WJOI).
WOKY served as the city's premier Top 40 station during most of the 1960s and 1970s, and was known for much of that time as the "Mighty 92." Along with Chicago Top 40 giants WLS and WCFL, the Mighty 92 was also a favorite of teenagers in Western Michigan who picked up the signal from across Lake Michigan.
Popular disc jockeys on WOKY during the Top 40 years, from the 1950s through the 1970s, included Bob White, "Mad Man" Michaels, "Lucky" Logan, Mitch Michael, Sam Hale, Ron Riley (later with WLS Chicago), Bob Barry, Carl Como, Paul Christy, Michael Lee Scott, Jim Brown, Pat McKay, Jack McCoy, Ronnie Knight, Johnny Dark, Craig Roberts, Jack Lee, Robb Edwards, Gary Price, Gene Johnson, Jon "Rock 'n Roll" Anthony, Big Ron O'Brien, Barney Pip (later with WCFL Chicago) and Bob Collins (later with Chicago's full-service giant WGN). A popular station catchphrase during the early 1970s was "WOKY Plays Favorites". WOKY is also noteworthy for being the first station in Milwaukee to broadcast traffic reports from a helicopter, courtesy of air personality Art Zander and their feature "The Safer Route".
As FM stations became the choice for radio listeners looking for contemporary music, WOKY shifted to an adult standards format in 1981. It became a full-time affiliate of Al Ham's Music of Your Life format, based in Connecticut.
To keep up with demographic trends, WOKY tweaked the format over the years, gradually shifting to a middle of the road-oldies hybrid that mixed 1950s–1970s pop hits with classic and current adult contemporary music, with artists such as Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond and The Carpenters being mainstays of the format. Starting in 2005, WOKY began programming oldies all day on Fridays, complete with the station's old jingles and other elements. For many years, WOKY was a success in the ratings, though many of its listeners were older than the demographics that many advertisers actively seek. Starting in 1993, the station was known for pioneering marathons of Christmas music beginning on Thanksgiving Day and continuing through the holiday season.
WOKY was briefly the Milwaukee outlet for Delilah in a burn off move after sister station WLTQ (now WRNW) converted to a classic rock format (Delilah was later heard in Milwaukee on WMYX-FM). WOKY also carried Milwaukee Panthers basketball game broadcasts from 2003 to 2007 when the team moved to WISN. The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee women's basketball games can be heard on WOKY.
In 1997, WOKY and co-owned WMIL-FM were bought for $40 million by Clear Channel Communications, the forerunner of iHeartMedia.
On January 2, 2007, after concluding its Christmas holiday programming, WOKY came back with a new approach: an oldie format emphasizing hit songs from the 1960s and 1970s. The "Mighty 92" name returned full-time, as did many of the classic jingles the station played in its Top 40 heyday. On nights and weekends, the station used Dial Global's satellite-delivered "Oldies Channel" (now Kool Gold from Westwood One). With the new format, WOKY did not flip to all-Christmas music in 2007. Instead, like sister station WRIT, WOKY played a few Christmas tunes every hour. Today, the former Mighty 92 format can be heard in Milwaukee on WRIT 95.7-HD2.
On September 18, 2008, after playing "Hello, Goodbye" by The Beatles, the station changed to classic country music as "The Wolf." The format was already being heard on sister station 106.1 WMIL-FM's HD Radio subchannel. The subchannel version had been automated but when it debuted on AM 920, it featured several of WOKY's airstaff. The Wolf was sub-branded as MIL-WOKY, Milwaukee's Country Connection.
On December 1, 2011, the station announced it would become the Milwaukee home of NASCAR radio coverage from all three NASCAR radio networks and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network for the Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400. NASCAR moved to WOKY from ESPN Radio outlet WAUK, which days before announced the removal of all auto racing programming to focus on solely on traditional sports. In September 2012, WOKY also added nationally broadcast college football and NFL from the Westwood One Network, including "The NFL on Westwood One."
On January 2, 2013, Clear Channel Milwaukee announced that WOKY would drop its classic country format and adopt a sports radio format on January 7. (In reality the branding launched on January 5 during the station's broadcasts of Wild Card Weekend games from Dial Global.) Branded as "The Big 920," the new WOKY schedule became a near-simulcast of its Madison sister station, WTSO ("The Big 1070"), featuring Wisconsin-based local sports shows hosted by Brian Posick, Mike Heller, Matt Lepay and Mike Lucas. Also heard were national shows featuring Jay Mohr, The Dan Patrick Show, and NBC Sports Radio, along with live event broadcasts that have been airing previously on WOKY, notably football, NASCAR, and the Milwaukee Panthers. The move made WOKY the third English-language all-sports station in the Milwaukee market, joining WAUK, WSSP, along with news/talk-formatted WTMJ's commitment to evening sports talk and play by play coverage of Milwaukee Brewers baseball and Green Bay Packers football.
On December 2, 2013, Learfield Sports and the University of Wisconsin–Madison announced that WOKY would become the Milwaukee station for Wisconsin Badgers broadcasts, replacing longtime affiliate WTMJ, effectively making the team exclusive to iHeartMedia in the two largest cities in Wisconsin, with iHeart's WIBA-AM-FM in Madison acting as the flagship stations of the Badgers. As part of the deal, WOKY will air all Badgers sports broadcasts. Football and men's basketball are simulcast with sister station WRIT-FM due to WOKY's weak nighttime signal.
On November 27, 2018, WRNW flipped from CHR to sports talk as 97.3 The Game, and WOKY's local programming was moved to the station. WOKY will now serve as a pass-through for Fox Sports Radio's daily lineup. In 2018, The station and WVTV-DT2 “My 24” acquired the broadcasting rights to Milwaukee Admirals hockey, taking them away from sports talk rival WSSP (then known as “105.7 The Fan”).
See also
Bartell Group
References
External links
Bartell family biography with mentions of the radio stations the family owned, including WOKY
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
Vintage WOKY Media
OKY
Sports radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1950
1950 establishments in Wisconsin
IHeartMedia radio stations
Fox Sports Radio stations
