The 2018 Boodles Challenge was an exhibition tournament held before Wimbledon to serve as a warm-up to players. Taking place from 26 June to 30 June 2018 at Stoke Park in London, it was the 17th edition of the Boodles Challenge. As with last year, no player was declared champion.
Participants
Radu Albot
Kevin Anderson
Victoria Azarenka
Liam Broady
Pablo Carreño Busta
Juan Martín del Potro
Fabio Fognini
Taylor Fritz
Malek Jaziri
Thanasi Kokkinakis
Sebastian Korda
Nick Kyrgios
Benoît Paire
Andrea Petkovic
Vasek Pospisil
Monica Puig
Sam Querrey
Albert Ramos Viñolas
Andreas Seppi
Sergiy Stakhovsky
Bernard Tomic
Stefanos Tsitsipas
James Ward
Marcus Willis
Alexander Zverev
Results
Day 1 (26 June)
Day 2 (27 June)
Day 3 (28 June)
Day 4 (29 June)
Day 5 (30 June)
References
Boodles Challenge
Boodles Challenge
2018 sports events in London
2018 in English tennis
Boodles Challenge
Mimodiaxenes elongata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimodiaxenes. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939.
It's 12 mm long and 3 mm wide, and its type locality is Kaipe-Taungu, Sumatra.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1939
Taxa named by Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)
Monotypic beetle genera
Liyunqucha (Quechua liyun lion (a borrowing from Spanish león, here referring to the cougar), qucha lake, "cougar's (or lion's) lake", also spelled León Cocha) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, Marcapomacocha District, and in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District. Liyunqucha lies northwest of Yana Ulla and southeast of a mountain named Lichiqucha.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Mountains of Junín Region
High Rocks is a mountain in Warren County, New Jersey. The summit rises to , and is located in Frelinghuysen Township. It is located in the Kittatinny Valley of the Appalachian Mountains.
References
Mountains of Warren County, New Jersey
Mountains of New Jersey
Kyle Ryde (Kyle Brandon Ryde, born 22 July 1997) is an English motorcycle solo road racer. For 2022 they are riding in BSB with OMG Racing, switching to Yamaha machinery as used in 2021 by the McAMS team.
During 2021 they were contracted to OMG BMW in the British Superbike Championship (BSB), with a commitment to continue with the same team for 2022 using Yamaha R1 machines. For 2020 they rode for Hawk Racing under the Buildbase Suzuki brand.
In 2019, Ryde competed in a full season of British GP2 racing for Ryan Saxelby Racing (RS Racing) run as a separate class within the British Supersport Championship events, winning the championship.
Career
Ryde spent their early years until 2002 in Swanwick, Derbyshire, then moved to nearby Jacksdale, Nottinghamshire where they are still based.
They contested the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup in 2011 and 2012. They became the youngest ever British 125cc Champion by winning the 2011 British 125 Championship. They secured their second British Championship by winning the British National Superstock 600 Championship in 2014.
For 2015, Ryde stepped up to compete in the British Supersport Championship riding for Pacedayz European Trackdays aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6, finishing the season in second place. On 24 May 2015 they participated for the first time in a Supersport World Championship event, as a wild-card rider in the Great Britain round at Donington Park. They classified third after having qualified on the front row in second place.
In early 2016 Ryde signed with an Italian team for their first season's racing in the Supersport World Championship on a Yamaha YZF-R6, but the team unexpectedly withdrew from competition without explanation after the first five events in May 2016. Ryde only missed one event, at Sepang, Malaysia. They later rode an MV Agusta F3 675 and a Kawasaki ZX-6R in the Supersport World Championship for Schmidt Racing, a team formed during late 2015 in Hungary, joining with teammate Nicolás Terol.
For the 2017 season, they rode a Kawasaki ZX-6R in the Supersport World Championship as teammate to reigning Supersport World Champion Kenan Sofuoğlu, but parted company in early October before the season-end due to poor race performances.
They made their debut ride in British Superbikes for the last three races of the season in October 2017 at Brands Hatch on Billy McConnell's machine, who was injured at the Thruxton round in August and was unable to compete in any further races. Ryde finished in 15th, 17th and 18th.
After signing to ride for their old team boss Craig Fitzpatrick at CF Motorsports in the British Superbike Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1 during 2018, Ryde announced in late June via social media that they were withdrawing from National circuit racing, with no immediate plans.
They soon returned on 21/22 July at Brands Hatch, riding a Kalex in the British GP2 category within the British Supersport National Championship, placing 5th in the first leg and then winning in both their category and the Supersport race overall in the main event.
For 2020 rode in the British Superbike Championship (BSB) for Stuart and Steve Hicken's Hawk Racing team under the Buildbase Suzuki brand, after a try-out at the final two rounds of the 2019 season. Ryde made strong start to the 2020 season and achieved their first two BSB race wins at the Silverstone round.
In 2021 they switched to Rich Energy OMG Racing BMW to ride the new BMW M1000RR alongside Bradley Ray, finishing the season 15th overall with 118 points. After the final round at Brands Hatch it was announced Rich Energy OMG Racing would switch to Yamaha R1 bikes for the 2022 season with Ryde and Ray continuing as the team's riders.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
English motorcycle racers
Moto3 World Championship riders
People from Jacksdale
Supersport World Championship riders
People from Amber Valley
Aditya Kumar is an Indian actor who acted in film Gangs of Wasseypur II.
Early life
Aditya Kumar was born in Bihar Sharif, Nalanda district, Bihar, India.
Film career
In 2009, Aditya Kumar moved to Mumbai to pursue a career in acting. They were nominated as most promising male actor by Times in 2012.
Gangs of Wasseypur 2
"Gangs of Wasseypur" is based on events in Dhanbad. It is a story about the "coal mafia" that spans several generations from 1941 to 2010 in two parts.
Filmography
References
External links
Male actors from Patna
Living people
Male actors from Bihar
Indian male film actors
De Nobili Schools alumni
1978 births
Alberto Castelvecchi (born 12 April 1962, in Rome) is an Italian publisher and journalist.
Castelvecchi grew up in Bangkok, where they studied philology and linguistics. They subsequently worked at RAI, where they were in charge of cultural programs for Rai Radio Tre and Rai Radio Due. They have collaborated with Il Messaggero and la Repubblica. They currently contribute to Panorama.
In 1993 they founded the publishing house Castelvecchi with the idea of giving a voice to new authors. Castelvecchi has published Aldo Nove and Isabella Santacroce, as well as Luther Blissett.
In 1997 they co-authored with Luca Serianni one of the most important descriptive grammars of the Italian language, Italiano. Grammatica, sintassi, dubbi.
Castelvecchi is also a member of veDrò, a think tank focused on the evolution of media.
References
Businesspeople from Rome
Italian publishers (people)
Rai (broadcaster) people
Grammarians of Italian
Living people
Italian journalists
Italian male journalists
1962 births
Archelaus (; born before 8 BC; died 38 AD) was a Cappadocian prince and a Roman client king of Cilicia Trachea and Eastern Lycaonia.  They are sometimes called Archelaus Minor (Minor which is Latin for the younger) and Archelaus II to distinguish them from their father Archelaus of Cappadocia.
Family background
Archelaus was named after the first Archelaus (his paternal great-great-grandfather), who was a general of King Mithridates VI of Pontus. They were the son and heir of the Roman Client King Archelaus of Cappadocia from their first marriage to a princess from Armenia and their sister was the Cappadocian princess Glaphyra. There is a possibility that their parents may have been distantly related. Their father was descended from Mithridates VI. Their mother may have been a daughter of King Artavasdes II of Armenia of the Artaxiad Dynasty. The father of Artavasdes II was Tigranes the Great, who married Cleopatra of Pontus, a daughter of Mithridates VI from their first wife, their sister, Laodice. Thus Artavasdes II was a maternal grandson to Mithridates VI and Laodice. Archelaus was the maternal uncle of Glaphyra's children: Tigranes, Alexander and their unnamed daughter.
Life
Little is known of Archelaus' life prior to becoming king. They were born and raised in Cappadocia and spent their later life at the harbour city of Elaiussa Sebaste. In 25 BC, the Roman Emperor Augustus gave their father extra territories to govern, among them Elaiussa Sebaste. After 25 BC, Archelaus and their family settled there, while their father developed the city, built a royal residence and a palace on the island in the harbour and renamed the city in honour of Augustus.
When Archelaus' father died in 17 AD, Cappadocia became a Roman province and Armenia Minor was given to Artaxias III to be ruled as a Roman client state. The Romans mandated Archelaus to rule, as a client king, Cilicia Trachea, including its maritime possessions, Derbe, Laranda and all the surrounding regions up to Eastern Lycaonia, which all were territories of their father. Archelaus was also allowed to continue their rule over the small Cilician region of Cetis.
Historic sources mention little on Archelaus' life and their reign as king. The main sources are surviving inscriptions from their dominion. In 36 AD, the Cappadocian tribe of the Cietae, who were subjects of Archelaus, rebelled against the monarch because of the compulsion to supply property returns and taxes in the Roman fashion. The tribe withdrew to the heights of the Taurus Mountains aided by the local natural environment, where they held out against Archelaus' troops. For Archelaus to end the rebellion, Imperial Governor of Syria, Lucius Vitellius the Elder, sent four thousand legionaries from the Syrian army, who were commanded by Marcus Trebellius, along with auxiliary troops. When the Roman legionaries arrived at the Taurus Mountains, they constructed earthworks around two hills held by the Cietae leaders, Cadra and Davara. After the Romans had started to kill some of the tribesmen who attempted to break out, Trebellius forced the rest of the tribe to surrender.
Archelaus died in 38 AD, leaving no heir to their throne. Later that year, Antiochus IV of Commagene was restored by the Roman Emperor, Caligula, to their ancestral dominion as a Roman client king and given Cilicia Trachaea. Caligula also gave territories belonging to Archelaus to Antiochus to be ruled as a part of their dominion. When Antiochus and their sister-wife Iotapa became Roman client monarchs over their dominions and Iotapa bore Antiochus their first child, the couple, as a posthumous honour to Archelaus and as a mark of respect to the former king and their distant relative, named their son Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes.
References
Sources
Tacitus, Annals, 6.41
J. Vogt, Aufstieg und Niedergang der römischen Welt: Geschichte und Kultur Roms im Spiegel der neueren Forschung, Volume 1, Walter de Gruyter, 1972
R. Syme & A.R. Birley, Anatolica: studies in Strabo, Oxford University Press, 1995
W. Haase & H. Temporini, Geschichte und Kultur Roms im Spiegel der neueren Forschung, Part 2, Volume 26, Walter de Gruyter, 1995
K.J. Rigsby, Asylia: territorial inviolability in the Hellenistic world, University of California Press, 1996
S. Sandler, Ground warfare: an international encyclopedia, Volume 1, ABC-CLIO, 2002
B. Levick, Tiberius the Politician, Routledge, 2003
D. Dueck, H. Lindsay & S. Pothecary, Strabo's cultural geography: the making of a kolossourgia, Cambridge University Press, 2005
N.G. Wilson, Encyclopedia of ancient Greece, Routledge, 2006
A. Mayor. The Poison King: the life and legend of Mithradates, Rome's deadliest enemy, Princeton University Press, 2009
1st-century BC Greek people
1st-century monarchs in Asia
1st-century Greek people
1st-century Armenian people
Anatolian Greeks
38 deaths
Roman client rulers
Cappadocia (Roman province)
People from Roman Anatolia
Cilicia (Roman province)
Lycaonia
Ancient Cappadocia
Year of birth unknown
Marvin Zuckerman (March 21, 1928 in Chicago – November 8, 2018) was Professor Emeritus of Psychology at the University of Delaware. Zuckerman is best known for their research into the psychobiological basis of human personality, sensory deprivation, mood state measurement, and sensation seeking. Their work was particularly inspired by eminent research psychologists, Hans Eysenck (3rd most highly cited psychologist) and Arnold Buss.
Academic career
Zuckerman earned their Ph.D. at New York University in 1954 in clinical psychology. They then took up a position at Norwich State Hospital in Connecticut where subsequently they were hired at the Institute for Psychiatric Research undertaking personality assessments and where they constructed the Multiple Affect Adjective Check List (a state-trait self-report measure of anxiety, depression, and hostility). At the Institute, Zuckerman undertook research into anxiety and sensory deprivation (funded by NIMH grants) which ultimately led them to develop their well known Sensation Seeking Scale. Subsequently, in 1969, they accepted an academic position in the Department of Psychology at the University of Delaware, where they spent more than 30 years teaching and undertaking research into sensation seeking and personality. Their biochemical, psychophysiological and genetic studies demonstrated that sensation seeking was a major biologically-based trait construct. Also, their research into augmenting/reducing of the cortical evoked potential provided a reliable model of brain functioning in high and low sensation seekers. Zuckerman spent sabbaticals with eminent colleagues Hans Eysenck, Jeffrey Gray, and Robert Plomin, in England, where factor analytic studies showed that a combination of impulsivity and sensation seeking formed a reliable personality dimension.
In 1975, Zuckerman commenced a series of presentations at international meetings in Europe. Zuckerman credits Hans Eysenck's work into the biological approach to personality as being inspirational, before spending a year with Hans Eysenck at the Maudsley Hospital in London. They also credit Eysenck for giving them the opportunity to work with David Fulker, and Sybil Eysenck on the genetics of sensation seeking at the Maudsley Institute in London. Zuckerman has written hundreds of highly influential research articles, book chapters, and many prominent books. They also serve on the editorial board of Personality and Individual Differences, which was founded by Hans Eysenck (Editor-in-Chief).
Life
Zuckerman retired in September 2002, aged 74 years and resided in Philadelphia where they wrote journal articles and invited book chapters for international handbooks until shortly before their death. as well as having revised their 1991 book the Psychobiology of Personality, and writing new books on sensation seeking and personality science, respectively.
Sensation seeking
Sensation seeking is described as a personality trait construct that is defined by the search for feelings and experiences that are "varied, novel, complex and intense." Zuckerman developed the sensation seeking construct during their tenure at the University of Delaware. Their sensation seeking research led them to create a personality instrument called the Sensation Seeking Scale (SSS) which purports to measure individual differences in terms of their sensory preferences. The Sensation Seeking Scale was designed to measure how much stimulation a person requires and the excitement that is admitted. Zuckerman hypothesized that people who are high sensation seekers require a lot of stimulation to reach their Optimal Level of Arousal. When the stimulation or sensory input is not met, the person finds the experience unpleasant. Zuckerman argues that sensation seeking is one of many "core traits" that describe human personality, and is independent of other major dimensions of personality (e.g., Extraversion-Introversion, Neuroticism-Stability, and Psychoticism - as measured in the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire or EPQ-R).
Selected bibliography
Zuckerman, M. (1979). Sensation Seeking: Beyond the Optimal Level of Arousal. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.
Zuckerman, M. (1994). Behavioral Expressions and Biosocial Bases of Sensation Seeking. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Zuckerman, M. (1999). Vulnerability to Psychopathology: A Biosocial Model. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
Zuckerman, M. (2005). Psychobiology of Personality (2nd edn.). New York: Cambridge University Press.
Zuckerman, M. (2007). Sensation Seeking and Risky Behavior. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
Zuckerman, M. (2011). Personality Science: Three Approaches and their Applications to the Causes and Treatment of Depression. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.
Aluja, A., Kuhlman, M., Aluja, A. (2010).
References
External links
Marvin Zuckerman at ResearchGate
2018 deaths
1928 births
People from Chicago
20th-century American psychologists
New York University alumni
University of Delaware faculty
Personality trait theorists
21st-century American psychologists
American textbook writers
Adriano Adriano Antunes de Paula (born 13 June 1987), simply known as Adriano Pardal, is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Hajer.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Brazilian footballers
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Juazeiro Social Clube players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Daegu FC players
Ceará Sporting Club players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Al-Faisaly FC players
Hajer FC players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
K League 1 players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi Second Division players
Saudi First Division League players
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
The list of ship launches in 1877 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1877.
See also
References
1877
Ship launches
The term Quran code (also known as Code 19) refers to the claim that the Quranic text contains a hidden mathematically complex code. Advocates think that the code represents a mathematical proof of the divine authorship of the Quran and that it can be used to identify orthographic errors within the Quranic text. Proponents of the Quran code claim that the code is based on statistical procedures similar to that of the Bible code, which is ostensibly based on steganography. However, this claim has not been validated by any independent mathematical or scientific institute.
History
In 1969, Rashad Khalifa, an Egyptian-American biochemist, began analyzing the separated letters of the Quran (also called Quranic initials or Muqattaʿat), and the Quran to examine certain sequences of numbers. In 1973 they published the book Miracle of the Quran: Significance of the Mysterious Alphabets, in which they describe the Quranic initials through enumerations and distributions.
In 1974, Khalifa claimed to have discovered a mathematical code hidden in the Quran, a code based around the number 19. They wrote the book The Computer Speaks: God's Message to the World, in which they thematize this Quran code. They rely on Surah 74, verse 30 to prove the significance of the number: "Over it is nineteen,".
Proponents of the code include United Submitters International (an association initiated by Rashad Khalifa) as well as some Quranists and traditional Muslims.
Example
Believers in Quran Code often use certain word counts, checksums and cross sums to legitimize the code.
Edip Yüksel, a Turkish Quranistic author and colleague of Rashad Khalifa, makes the following claims in their book Nineteen: God's Signature in Nature and Scripture:
The Basmala (bismi ʾllāhi ʾr-raḥmāni ʾr-raḥīmi), the Quranic opening formula, which, with one exception, is at the beginning of every Surah of the Quran, consists of exactly 19 letters.
The first word of the Basmala, Ism (name), without contraction, occurs 19 times in the Quran (19×1). [Also no plural forms, or those with pronoun endings]
The second word of the Basmala, Allah (God), occurs 2698 times (19×142).
The third word of the Basmala, Rahman (Gracious), occurs 57 times (19×3).
The fourth word of the Basmala, Rahim (Merciful), occurs 114 times (19×6).
The multiplication factors of the words of the Basmala (1+142+3+6) give 152 (19×8).
The Quran consists of 114 chapters (19×6).
The total number of verses in the Quran including all unnumbered Basmalas is 6346 (19×334). The cross sum of 6346 is 19.
The Basmala appears 114 times (despite its absence in chapter 9, it appears twice in chapter 27); 114 is 19×6.
From the missing Basmala in chapter 9 to the additional Basmala in chapter 27, there are exactly 19 chapters.
The occurrence of the additional Basmala is in Surah 27:30. Adding this chapter number and the verse number gives 57 (19×3).
The separated letters in the Quran
The Quran consists of 114 Surahs, of which a total of 29 Surahs are provided with separated letters, Muqattaʿat or also called Quranic initials. These are listed in the following table:
Rashad Khalifa wrote in their book, The Computer Speaks: God's Message to the World, that the separated letters of the Quran, or Quranic Initials, held the key to the Quran Code. By analyzing the Quran's 29 initialized Surahs statistically, Khalifa claimed to reveal complex mathematical patterns centered around the number 19.
Quranic Gematria
Each Arabic letter can be assigned a specific numerical value, also called gematria:
Abdullah Arik, a Quranistic author, uses this method in their book Beyond Probability: God's Message in Mathematics to analyze the Basmala gematrically. They give various numerological arguments relying on these values to bolster their arguments.
Reception in the Western world
Khalifa's research received little attention in the Western world. In 1980, Martin Gardner mentioned Khalifa's work in Scientific American. In 1997, after Khalifa's death, Gardner devoted a short article to the subject while a columnist for the Skeptical Inquirer.
Criticism
Common critiques of numerological claims also apply to the Quran Code. Critics often invoke the concept of Stochastic processes to explain how seemingly mystical patterns could appear in any large dataset. One such critic was Bilal Philips, who argued that Rashad Khalifa's "miracle 19" theory was a hoax based on falsified data, misinterpretations of the Quran's text, and grammar inconsistencies.
Additionally, since early Quran manuscripts can contain orthographic differences in certain passages, the precise number of letters in those sections can be unclear. For example, since the frequency of the letter Alif is subject to debate, there is not an universally agreed letter count in the Alif initialized Surahs. However, to prove their theory Khalifa chose those versions of the text that included letter frequencies divisible by 19. Additionally, Khalifa claimed that the initial "Nūn" in Surah 68 should be spelled as to include an additional Nūn: "Nūn Wāw Nūn" in place of the orthodox spelling, "Nūn". This allowed Khalifa to claim that there are 133 (19×7) Nūns in Surah 68, instead of 132, which is not a multiple of 19. However, Khalifa's spelling does not appear in any Quranic manuscripts. They also assumed that the correct spelling or reading of the word "basṭatan", which occurs in Surah 7, verse 69, contains the Arabic letter Sīn instead of the letter Sād, which is the conventional spelling. They based this assertion on the Samarkand Codex, an 9th century Quranic manuscript which includes a spelling with the letter Sīn in place of Sād.
Khalifa also claimed that two verses in the Quran, specifically Surah 9, verses 128 and 129, were humanly added, and should not be included. They support this claim by the hadith Sahīh al-Buchārī 7425, according to which Zaid ibn Thābitm, tasked by Abu Bakr with compiling the Quran, found only one witness to attest to the validity of verses 9:128–129, Chuzaima al-Ansari. Thus, Khalifa claimed that the Quran has only 6346 verses instead of the traditional count of 6348. The omission of these verses is integral to their theory; if these two verses are taken into account, there are 2699 occurrences of the word "Allah" and 115 occurrences of the word "Rahim", neither of which are multiples of 19.
Furthermore, the version of the Quran code is questioned, as it is only used for certain aspects or Quranic initials. Surahs that are not initiated are not fully examined in this context. Since early Quran manuscripts differ orthographically in certain passages, it makes it difficult to reconstruct an "urtext" – or in another expression a "primordial text" – for the Quran, which in turn is used for letter enumerations as well as gematria.
References
Bibliography
See also
Bible code
External links
Various hypothetical mathematical considerations regarding the Quran code
Video presentation of certain aspects of Code 19
"171 examples of the mathematical System"
Code
Quranism
Numerology
GPISD can refer to the following Texas school districts:
Grand Prairie Independent School District (Dallas-Fort Worth area)
Galena Park Independent School District (Houston area)
Gregory-Portland Independent School District (Corpus Christi area)
Opine is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama, United States.
History
The name Opine likely comes from a shortened form of O'pine. A post office operated under the name Opine from 1898 to 1945.
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Geography of Clarke County, Alabama
Kohima Chiethu Airport is a greenfield airport currently under construction at Chiethu, 25 kilometres north of Kohima, the capital of Nagaland in India. It will operate as a second airport for Nagaland with the existing Dimapur Airport continuing to operate. The new airport is being built by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) over an area of 645 acres.
Status updates
In 2006, the central government carried out a field assessment for the project. The report was later “nullified” as the feasibility report was found to be “unclear”.
In 2020, the Airports Authority of India agreed to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) of the Kohima Chiethu Airport.
On 15 July 2021, the Ministry of Defence issued a "no-objection certificate" (NOC) for the proposed airport at Chiethu, Kohima.
See also
List of airports in India
References
External links
Airports in Nagaland
Proposed airports in Nagaland
Transport in Nagaland
Buildings and structures in Nagaland
Julijans Vaivods (18 August 1895 in Vārkava, Latgale, Vitebsk Governorate – 24 May 1990 in Riga, Soviet Union) was the Apostolic Administrator of Riga and of Liepāja from 10 November 1964 to their death, and Cardinal Priest of Santi Quattro Coronati from 1983 to their death. They were the first Latvian cardinal and also the oldest living cardinal at the time of their death at age 94.
Biography
Julijans Vaivods studied at the Saint Petersburg Roman Catholic Theological Academy, Russia. They were ordained priest for the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Mohilev by Bishop Jan Cieplak on 7 April 1918 in St. Petersburg. They were initially sent back to Latgale to serve as a parish priest and school chaplain. They came under the jurisdiction of the newly restored Diocese of Riga on 22 September 1918. They were sent to serve as a parish priest in Courland (Kurzeme) in 1925. They later came under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Liepāja when it was created in 1937. While serving as the vicar general of that diocese, they were elevated to monsignor on 4 July 1949.
Msgr. Vaivods was imprisoned by the Soviet authorities from 1958 to 1960. In 1962 they became vicar general of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Riga. In 1964 they received a papal invitation to travel to Rome to attend the third session of the Second Vatican Council.
On 18 November 1964 they were consecrated titular bishop of Macriana Maior by Paolo Cardinal Marella in Rome. Cardinal Marella was assisted by Latvian bishops-in-exile Jāzeps Rancāns and Boļeslavs Sloskāns. Bishop Vaivods returned to Rome in 1965 to participate in the fourth session of the Second Vatican Council. They died in 1990 and was buried at the Basilica of the Assumption in Aglona.
On 28 July 1948, the Special Department of the Soviet State Security Ministry recruited Vaivods as an agent under the codename 'Omega'. They remained an agent of the KGB right through the Soviet period. No information has been made public about what information they might have given the KGB.
References
External links
Julijans Cardinal Vaivods
Cardinals Created by John Paul II (1983)
The Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1895 births
1990 deaths
People from Preiļi Municipality
People from Dvinsky Uyezd
Latvian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Latvian Roman Catholic bishops
The 57th Filmfare Awards were held on 29 January 2012 at Film City, Mumbai honoring the best film of 2011 from the Hindi-language film industry (commonly known as Bollywood). The ceremony was jointly hosted by Shahrukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor. Incidentally, both of them have hosted the award ceremonies previously but with different co-hosts (Khan with Saif Ali Khan, Kapoor with Imran Khan), hence making it the first time for this pair to host the show. The 57th Filmfare awards were televised on 19 February 2012 to the public.
The nominations for the awards were announced on 11 January 2012. Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara led the ceremony with 13 nominations, followed by Rockstar with 10 nominations and Delhi Belly with 7 nominations.
Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara won 7 awards, including Best Film, Best Director (for Zoya Akhtar) and Best Supporting Actor (for Farhan Akhtar), thus becoming the most-awarded film at the ceremony.
The 2012 awards thus equaled 2011 (Udaan) for the maximum number of awards won by a single film, and this also marked the largest award tally for a single film since 2007 (Omkara).
2012 also marked the first time after 2010 (3 Idiots) that the film with the most nominations also won the most awards.
Ranbir Kapoor won their first Best Actor award and second Best Actor (Critics) award for their role of Janardhan / Jordan in Rockstar, while Vidya Balan won their fourth Filmfare Award and second Best Actress award for their portrayal of Silk / Reshma in The Dirty Picture.
Awards and nominees
Main awards
Critics' awards
Technical Awards
Special awards
Multiple nominations and wins
The following films received multiple nominations.
13 nominations: Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara
10 nominations: Rockstar
7 nominations: Delhi Belly
6 nominations: The Dirty Picture
5 nominations: Don 2, No One Killed Jessica, Ra.One, Shaitan
4 nominations: 7 Khoon Maaf
3 nominations: Bodyguard
The following films received multiple awards.
7 wins: Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara
5 wins: Rockstar
3 wins: Delhi Belly, The Dirty Picture
2 wins: 7 Khoon Maaf, Don 2
Partners
Idea Cellular - Title Sponsor
PC Jeweller - Associate Sponsor
Sony Entertainment Television - Telecast Partner
Black Dog - Beverage Partner
Bright Outdoor Media - Outdoor partner
Radio Mirchi - Radio Partner
Big Cinemas - Multiplex Partner
References
External links
Filmfare Official Website
Nominations for 57th Filmfare Awards 2011 at Bollywood Hungama.
Filmfare Awards
Filmfare
Tilt-tray may refer to:
Tilt tray sorter
Tilt tray tow truck
Sławomir Chmura (born 5 November 1983) is a Polish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2007 – Collalbo, 21st
2008 – Kolomna, 27th
2009 – Heerenveen, 21st
National Championships
2007 – Warszawa, 2nd at 5000 m
2007 – Warszawa, 3rd at 1000 m
2007 – Warszawa, 1st at 10000 m
European Youth-23 Games
2006 – Innsbruck, 2nd at 10000 m
References
External links
Sławomir Chmura at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
1983 births
Living people
Polish male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Poland
Speed skaters from Warsaw
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade bronze medalists for Poland
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Kim In-hwa (; born October 5, 1969) is a South Korean rhythmic gymnast.
Kim competed for South Korea in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. There they were 31st in the preliminary (qualification) round and did not advance to the final.
References
External links
Kim In-hwa at Sports-Reference.com
1969 births
Living people
South Korean rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of South Korea
The 1978–79 Biathlon World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the UIPMB (Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne et Biathlon). The season started on 10 January 1979 in Jáchymov, Czechoslovakia, and ended on 8 April 1979 in Bardufoss, Norway. It was the second season of the Biathlon World Cup, and it was only held for men.
Calendar
Below is the World Cup calendar for the 1978–79 season.
*The relays were technically unofficial races as they did not count towards anything in the World Cup.
World Cup Podium
Men
Standings: Men
Overall
Final standings after 10 races.
Achievements
First World Cup career victory
, 26, in their 2nd season — the WC 1 Individual in Jáchymov; it also was their first podium
, 24, in their 2nd season — the WC 1 Sprint in Jáchymov; it also was their first podium and the first podium for an Austrian biathlete
, 32, in their 2nd season — the WC 2 Sprint in Antholz-Anterselva; first podium was 1977–78 Sprint in Sodankylä
, 27, in their 2nd season — the WC 3 Individual in Sodankylä; first podium was 1977–78 Individual in Murmansk
First World Cup podium
, 22, in their 2nd season — no. 3 in the WC 1 Individual in Jáchymov
, 27, in their 2nd season — no. 3 in the World Championships Sprint in Ruhpolding; it also was the first podium for an Italian biathlete
, 21, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 3 Individual in Sodankylä
, 21, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 4 Individual in Bardufoss
Victory in this World Cup (all-time number of victories in parentheses)
, 2 (5) first places
, 2 (2) first places
, 1 (4) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Notes
1. In the individual races in Jáchymov some non-World Cup racers participated. In the 20 km individual Jürgen Grundler, Thomas Klinger and Wolfgang Schütze, among others, were non-World Cup racers, and so for World Cup purposes Roar Nilsen won the race, with Rösch and Krokstad coming 2nd and 3rd. Pavlíček, Hess, Avdejev, Engen, Tor Svendsberget, Mathias Jung and Heinz Böttcher came 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th respectively and received the appropriate World Cup points. In the 10 km sprint, some of the non-World Cup racers were Sigvart Bjøntegaard, Stig Kvistad and Gerold Eichhorn, and so they did not receive any World Cup points, and for World Cup purposes Terje Krokstad came 3rd in that race and received the appropriate World Cup points, with Rösch, Hess, Grundler and Mitev coming 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th, respectively, and receiving the appropriate World Cup points.
Retirements
Following notable biathletes retired after the 1978–79 season:
References
Biathlon World Cup
World Cup
was a Japanese artist, play writer, novelist and drama producer active during the Shōwa period in Japan.
Early life
Murayama was born in the Kanda Suehiro district of Tokyo. Their father, who was a medic in the Imperial Japanese Navy, died when they were nine years old. Their mother became a fervent Christian after having been converted by Uchimura Kanzo, and was active in the pacifist movement. Murayama was initially encouraged towards watercolors and traditional Japanese painting, but was later drawn to philosophy, particularly the works of German philosophers Arthur Schopenhauer and Nietzsche. They converted to Christianity themselves after being assaulted by fellow students for echoing their mother's pacifist views.
Murayama started out their career after the Westernization campaign of the Meiji era (1868-1912). Murayama entered Tokyo Imperial University in 1921 with the intention of studying philosophy, but soon left to study art and drama at the Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany. During their stay in Berlin, they developed connections to European avantgarde artists, facilitated particularly by Herwarth Walden and their gallery and book store Der Sturm, e.g. Italian Futurists. In Berlin, Murayama had the occasion to pick up the latest developments in the visual arts, in music, performance and theater. Murayama was deeply impressed by German dancer Niddy Impekoven, who was celebrated as a prodigy in the 1920s. In May 1922, together with Wadachi and Nagano, Murayama travelled to Düsseldorf to participate at the First International Art Exhibition and the International Congress of Progressive Artists, both organized by the artist association Young Rhineland.
Initially drawn to the genre of Constructivism as typified by the work of Wassily Kandinsky, they later became dissatisfied with the detachment of Constructivism from reality and developed their own style by using a collage of real objects to provoke concrete associations. They coined this method 'conscious constructivism', which was known as MAVO. The "Mavoists" sought to eliminate the boundaries between art and daily life and rebelled against convention by combining industrial products with painting or printmaking in a collage. Protests against social injustice were portrayed by use of theatrical eroticism, which also mocked public morality.
Literary career
As part of their efforts to bring art into everyday reality, Murayama and others helped design the Aoikan movie theater in Akasaka, Tokyo. They occasionally designed the cover of the theater's pamphlets.
On their return to Japan in 1923, Murayama introduced both expressionist and constructivist art, but was drawn more toward the modern theater, especially the proletarian theater movement of the 1920s. They applied many of the same techniques and aesthetic modes from their paintings into the realm of drama, including elements from German expressionism, Dadaism, futurism and other avant-garde European movements. They wrote and produced Marxist-inspired versions of Robin Hood and Don Quixote, which reflect their thinking that entertainment should play a vital sociopolitical objective. They painted illustrations for Rip Van Winkle, William Tell and more books. In addition to European stories, they drew illustrations for the Japanese picture book New Friend and more. When Tomoyoshi painted illustrations, they used their pen name Tom, which is the shortened version of their name, Tomoyoshi.
Pre-war period
Murayama Tomoyoshi was one of the central figures of the left-wing theater. Through their time in Germany from 1922 to 1923, they felt contemporary Japanese performance was weak. At this time in the several countries especially the United States, Catherine the Great's life was a common subject used in plays and movies. None of the plays and movies produced before them expressed their concerns of society and politics of the time. In 1927, Murayama wrote Suka-to o Haita Nero ("Nero in a Skirt"), depicting Catherine II of Russia behaving callously towards their troops and peasants, and cruelty towards their lover to try to intercede on their behalf. It is claimed that puppets were intended to be used instead of actors, although for the opening of their play they used actors. Japanese government censors interpreted the play as a criticism of the Japanese imperial house and banned its performance.
In 1929, Murayama again greatly alarmed the authorities by producing Borokudanki ("Record of a Gang of Thugs"), a drama glorifying a 1923 incident on the Jingguang railway in China, where Chinese communist labor union leaders incited their disgruntled workers to riot, and in the ensuing mob violence, murdered the railway managers and sabotaged the equipment before being violently suppressed by the military. At the end of the play, the workers make defiant statements condemning militarism and imperialism, and hail the formation of workers communes.
In May 1930, Murayama was arrested on a violation of the Peace Preservation Laws and was released in December. In May 1931, they joined the Japanese Communist Party. This led to their arrest again in April 1932 in the middle of a dress rehearsal. They were only released on probation in March 1934 after recanting their political views and agreeing to disperse their theatrical company. In May, they published a novel, Byakuya ("White Night"), serialized in the literary magazine Chūōkōron. However, they soon returned to the theater, producing a dramatization of Shimazaki Toson's Yoake no mae ("Before the Dawn") in November 1934. They quickly followed this with numerous other works over the next couple of years, including efforts to revitalize the genre of shimpa and to produce new forms of kabuki. Murayama was known for their outspokenness against Japanese militarism and against censorship, which again drew official wrath. They were again arrested in August 1940, released on bail in June 1942, and re-sentenced in 1944. In 1945, while released on probation, they went to Korea, and in July 1945, they went to Manchukuo.
Post-war period
In December 1945, after the end of World War II, Murayama returned to Japan. In February 1946, they formed a new theatrical company. However, the company was rent by politics, internal dissension and police issues with the Communist sympathies of a number of its members. In 1959, Murayama restructured it into the Tokyo Art Troupe, which they led overseas on a tour of China and Korea in 1960 and 1966. Murayama also participated in the formation of the Japan Democratic Literature Alliance in 1965, serving as its vice chairperson for several years. In their later years, they devoted their energies to publishing compilation of plays, writing an autobiography and continuing to fight for intellectual freedom.
See also
Japanese literature
List of Japanese writers
Notes
References
Cody, Gabrielle H. The Columbia Encyclopedia of Modern Drama: M-Z. Columbia University Press (2007).
Powell, Brian. Japan's Modern Theatre: A Century of Change and Continuity. RoutledgeCurzon (2002).
Weisenfeld, Gennifer. MAVO: Japanese Artists and the Avant-Garde, 1905-1931. University of California Press (2001).
Poulton, Cody M., Rimer, Thomas J., Mori, Mitsuya. The Columbia Anthology of Modern Japanese Drama. Columbia University (2014).
Maerkle, Andrew. "Frieze Magazine | Archive | Archive | Tomoyoshi Murayama." Frieze Magazine RSS. N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Apr. 2015.
External links
GalleryTOM
1901 births
1977 deaths
People from Tokyo
Japanese artists
Japanese communists
Japanese pacifists
Japanese prisoners and detainees
Marxist writers
Japanese Christians
University of Tokyo alumni
20th-century Japanese dramatists and playwrights
Jones Bar is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. It is located at an elevation of 1073 feet (327 m). Jones Bar is located on the South Yuba River, west-northwest of Nevada City.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Yuba River
Former populated places in California
Jartypory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References
Jartypory
Baitalpur is a town in Mungeli district, Chhattisgarh, India. A historic place since 1897, still serving and providing medical treatment for people affected by leprosy.
A Lepers asylum was started in 1897 by Rev. K. W. Nottrott, which is now The Leprosy Mission Trust India.
The Kaisar-i-Hind Medal for Public Service in India was a medal awarded by the British monarch between 1900 and 1947. It was awarded to
Reverend John Henry Schultz, who was the Superintendent of Chandkhuri Leprosy Hospital & Home Baitalpur, Acharya Vinoba Bhave on 28 January 1964. On 24 November 1933, Mahatma Gandhi also visited this place.
Geography
Baitalpur is located at an elevation of .
Location
Baitalpur is 30 km from Bilaspur. The nearest airport is Chakarbhatta Airport. Bilaspur Junction is the nearest railway station.
National Highway 200 passes through Baitalpur. Ghuthia is the nearest village.
References
External links
About Baitalpur
Satellite Image of Baitalpur
Cities and towns in Bilaspur district, Chhattisgarh
Anthony J Gill is an Australian pathologist, professor of surgical pathology at the University of Sydney and the chairperson of the Australian Pancreatic Cancer Genome Initiative - part of the International Cancer Genome Consortium. Most of their research is focused on translating the improved understanding of cancer gained at the basic science level into clinically useful diagnostic tests which can be applied in the routine surgical pathology laboratory.
In addition to their work on pancreatic carcinoma as chairperson of the Australian Pancreatic Cancer Genome Initiative, Gill is best known for their description of the class of malignancies now known as succinate dehydrogenase deficient (SDH deficient) - including SDH deficient Renal Carcinoma and SDH deficient Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumour (GIST). They founded and leads the Cancer Diagnosis and Pathology Research Group at the University of Sydney and Kolling Institute of Medical Research. In 2017 they were presented with the Ramzi Cotran young investigator award by the United States and Canadian Academy of Pathology in recognition of their research. Gill is a standing member of the editorial board for the fifth edition of the World Health Organization/International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classification of tumors.
Awards and honors
2011 - The Benjamin Castleman Award
2011 - The Sir John Loewenthal Medal
2012 - NSW Cancer Institute Wildfire Award
2013 - NSW Premier's Award for Excellence in Translational Cancer Research
2014 - The Sir Zelman Cowen Universities Prize for discovery in Medical Research
2015 - NSW Cancer Institute Wildfire Award
2017 - USCAP Ramzi Cotran Award
2018 - Queen's Birthday Honours - appointed Member of the Order of Australia
References
Members of the Order of Australia
University of Sydney alumni
University of Sydney faculty
Australian pathologists
1972 births
Living people
People educated at Sydney Church of England Grammar School
Joseph P. Bergl (1901 – September 1950) was a mechanic who supplied specially designed vehicles for Chicago's underworld, including Al Capone's Chicago Outfit, Depression-era outlaw George "Machine Gun" Kelly, and members of the Barker Gang.
Operating from their garage, Bergl Auto Sales, on 22nd Street, next to Ralph "Bottles" Capone's Cotton Club, Bergl supplied Capone's organization with custom-made cars for both protection and evasion purposes. This included armor-plated vehicles with bulletproof windows, the ability to create oil slicks and smokescreens, and other devices designed to elude police pursuit.
Members of the Barker Gang used such a car when they robbed Federal Reserve Bank messengers at Jackson Boulevard on September 22, 1933. After a patrolman was killed, the gang fled the scene with a load of canceled checks and eventually were forced to abandon their car after crashing it.
Upon finding the wrecked car, police traced the vehicle to Bergl's shop and arrested Gus Winkler, a member of the Chicago Outfit and Bergl's silent partner, naming the Chicago gangster as a member of a national armed robbery syndicate which supposedly included Depression-era bandits George "Machine Gun" Kelly and Vernon Miller.
Winkler was killed in a gangland slaying by unidentified gunmen on October 9, who reportedly suspected they would turn state's evidence in exchange for a reduction of the long prison sentence they were facing. Although Bergl was allowed to live, the exposure to law enforcement officials ended their usefulness to the crime syndicate, as criminals turned instead to competitor Clarence Lieder.
See also
List of Depression-era outlaws
References
Newton, Michael. Encyclopedia of Robbers, Heists, and Capers. New York: Facts On File Inc., 2002.
1950 deaths
1901 births
Lake Maumelle is a human-made lake in central Arkansas, United States, in Pulaski County, and covers 8,900 acres. It is one of the primary drinking water sources for Little Rock, Arkansas. It is locally popular for boating and fishing.
The lake was created in the late 1950s, with construction beginning in 1956 to dam the Big Maumelle River, and water flowing into the system in 1958.
See also
List of lakes in Arkansas
References
External links
Lake Maumelle at Arkansas.com
Buildings and structures in Pulaski County, Arkansas
Maumelle
Maumelle
Chao Feng Wu (, born October 19, 1980), also known as Ken Wu, is an American community leader based in Los Angeles area and proponent of Taiwan Independence movement.
 They are the chapter president of Formosan Association for Public Affairs(FAPA) Los Angeles Chapter and chipo(branch) head of World United Formosans for Independence or WUFI, an organization promoting Taiwan independence. Wu is the secretary-general of Taiwan Center Foundation of Greater Los Angeles, who also serves as the foundation's board member and is the chairperson of Taiwanese American Heritage Week Committee of Greater Los Angeles for the years 2017 and 2018.
Wu also serves as an executive committee member of the Democratic Progressive Party US West Chapter and due to their many involvements in the overseas Taiwanese community, they also serve as an Overseas Community Affairs Council advisor for the Los Angeles area.
Early life
Wu was born in Monga District of Taipei, Taiwan and attended Taipei Dong Yuan Elementary School in Taipei until they emigrated to Seattle, Washington, USA at age ten. Wu attended Eckstein Middle School and Roosevelt High School in Seattle and finished their high school studies at Monta Vista High School in Cupertino, California. They graduated from UCLA in 2003 where they completed their studies in Economics and Public Policy.
At UCLA, they directed and produced the stage play Typhoon Night when they served as the director of Taiwanese American Union (TAU)'s Taiwanese Culture Night (TCN).
Career
Wu decided to pursue a professional career in banking and investments for a major American bank after college before they became more involved in Taiwanese American community works.
Wu believes the naturally independent"(天然獨) generation are more supportive of Taiwan independence and are more willing to sacrifice for their nation for they just want to have a Taiwanese nation for the people of Taiwan. Wu sees the greatest challenge of Taiwan independence movement is its lack of consensus among different generations of Taiwan independence advocates. On US-Taiwan relations, Wu suggests Taiwan is not a pawn but a lead role.
As FAPA Los Angeles chapter president, Wu organized genocide prevention events that aimed to commemorate February 28 Incident and further mutual understandings of various ethnic groups victimized by government oppression.
Wu in the 2017 event stood with featured keynote speaker Rebiya Kadeer and openly support the independence movement for Taiwan and East Turkestan, and against Chinese government.
References
1980 births
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
Politicians from Taipei
People from Cupertino, California
Living people
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Taiwan independence activists
Activists from Seattle
Democratic Progressive Party (Taiwan) politicians
Thomas Ira Chittenden (born October 8, 1977) is an American politician from Vermont and a member of the Vermont Democratic Party. They were elected as a Vermont State Senator on November 3, 2020 as one of the six senators representing Chittenden County.  They are a South Burlington City Councilor (2015 to present) serving in their third term. They have also been twice elected by the faculty of the University of Vermont to serve as their Faculty Senate President (2019-2020). They also served as the Chair and Vice Chair of Green Mountain Transit Authority (2015 - 2020).
Their Vermont family lineage traces nine generations back to Bethuel Chittenden, the brother of Vermont's first governor Thomas Chittenden and they live in the Chittenden family home in South Burlington with Chittenden land deeds tracing to 1836.
They were the 2019 UVM Grossman School of Business Faculty Member of the Year and in 2017 was awarded the UVM Presidents Distinguished Lecturer Award.  They are the father of three children attending public school and married to Kimberly Chittenden who teaches in the Colchester School District.
References
Living people
Vermont state senators
Vermont Democrats
Place of birth missing (living people)
People from Chittenden County, Vermont
21st-century American politicians
1977 births
Chittenden family
Molly Antopol is an American fiction and nonfiction writer. As of 2014, they are the Jones Lecturer at Stanford University.
 They are married to author Chanan Tigay and lives in San Francisco.
Life and career
Antopol was born in Culver City, California.
Them debut story collection The UnAmericans was published in February 2014 by W. W. Norton & Company. In 2014, The UnAmericans was nominated for the National Book Award.
Antopol won the 2015 New York Public Library Young Lions Fiction Award for The UnAmericans. They also won a "5 Under 35" award from the National Book Foundation., the French-American Prize, the California Book Award Silver Medal, and the Ribalow Prize. The book was also a finalist for the PEN/Robert Bingham Prize for Debut Fiction, the National Jewish Book Award, the Barnes and Noble Discover Great New Writers Award, the California Book Award, the Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature, and the Edward Lewis Wallant Award.
In the New York Times, critic Dwight Garner favorably compared Antopol's work to that of Grace Paley and Allegra Goodman, finding the writing "Fresh and offbeat… memorable and promising.” In reviewing The UnAmericans for NPR, author Meg Wolitzer commented that the stories "make you nostalgic, not just for earlier times, but for another era in short fiction. A time when writers such as Bernard Malamud, and Isaac Bashevis Singer, and Grace Paley roamed the earth.”
 They are a former Wallace Stegner Fellow and is currently a Jones Lecturer at Stanford University.
 They are the recipient of a Radcliffe Institute fellowship at Harvard University (2017), the Berlin Prize at the American Academy in Berlin (2017), and a fellowship from the American Library in Paris (2019).
Awards and honors
2019 Visiting fellow at the American Library in Paris
2017 Berlin Prize at the American Academy in Berlin
2016 Radcliffe Institute Fellowship at Harvard University
2015 Ribalow Prize for The UnAmericans
2015 New York Public Library Young Lions Fiction Award for The Un-Americans
2014 National Book Award nominee for The Un-Americans
2014 National Book Foundation 5 Under 35 Award for The Un-Americans
2014 California Book Awards Silver Medal First Fiction winner for The Un-Americans
2014 National Jewish Book Award Finalist for The Un-Americans
2014 Barnes and Noble Discover Award (2nd Place) for The Un-Americans
2014 PEN/Robert W. Bingham Award for Debut Fiction Finalist for The Un-Americans
2014 Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature Finalist for The Un-Americans
2014 Edward Lewis Wallant Award for Jewish Fiction Finalist for The Un-Americans
References
External links
Official Website
New York Times review of The UnAmericans
Living people
American women short story writers
Writers from California
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American women writers
People from Culver City, California
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Stanford University faculty
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
1978 births
In Methodism (inclusive of the holiness movement), a tabernacle is the center of a camp meeting, where revival services occur. Tabernacles may be constructed in a cruciform-shaped fashion and are most often made of wood. Like the interior of many Methodist churches, in the center of the tabernacle is an altar upon which the Eucharist is consecrated; a pulpit stands near it and is used by preachers to deliver sermons. The area of the tabernacle housing the altar and pulpit is delimited by the mourner's bench. Surrounding the tabernacle itself are usually several cabins and/or tents, where people stay while attending the camp meeting.
Gallery
See also
Lovefeast
Tent revival
Second work of grace
References
Methodism
Holiness movement
Christian architecture
Marysinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 64.
References
Marysinek
Alessandro Politi (July 10, 1679July 23, 1752), was an Italian philologist.
Biography
Alessandro Politi was born July 10, 1679, at Florence. After studying under the Jesuits, they entered at the age of fifteen the Order of Poor Clerics Regular of the Mother of God of the Pious Schools, and was conspicuous among its members by their rare erudition. They were called upon to teach rhetoric and peripatetic philosophy at Florence in 1700. Barring a period of about three years, during which they were a professor of theology at Genoa (1716–18), they spent the greatest part of their life in their native city, availing themselves of the manifold resources they could find there to improve their knowledge of Greek literature, their favorite study. They soon made a name for themselves by their careful editions of several little-known Byzantine texts, and in 1733 they were called to the chair of eloquence vacant in the University of Pisa. Accustomed to live among their books aloof from the world, Politi was of an irritable disposition, and sensitive in the extreme to the lightest criticism. They died July 25, 1752.
Works
Philosophia Peripatetica, ex mente sancti Thomae (Florence. 1708, 12mo);
De patria in testamentis condendis potestate, lib. 4 (ibid. 1712, 8vo);
Eustathii Commentarii in Homeri Iliadem, with notes and Latin version (ibid. 1730-35, 3 vols. fol.);
Eustathii Commentarii in Dionysium Periegetem, Greek and Latin (Cologne, 1742, 8vo);
Orationes XII ad Academiam Pisanam (Lucca, 1746, 8vo);
Martyrologium Romanum castigatum (vol. 1, Florence, 1751, 8vo).
They left many unpublished works. All their orations have been collected (Pisa, 1774, 8vo).
Notes
Bibliography
Italian philologists
1679 births
1752 deaths
University of Pisa faculty
Piarists
The Exterminator is a steel roller coaster located at Kennywood amusement park in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh. The ride was developed by Reverchon Industries.
The ride is heavily themed around the concept of the rider as a rat attempting to escape from Kennywood exterminators. The concept is a pun of the phrase "Wild Mouse roller coaster", which describes this type of coaster, characterized by small cars (4 people/car for Exterminator) and sharp turns. Much of the theming takes place in the line for the ride, which includes such elaborate media as fake news broadcasts, and is usually the park's longest, being usually or beyond a 2 hour wait. The ride is very dark and unique, as the introduction says "unlike any ride you've rode before". The tracks are fast, rough, include a few sudden falls, and end with a fast finale that includes flashing lights, and the car seemingly spinning out of control. Like other spinning wild mouse coasters, the cars face forwards for the first half of the ride, but are free to spin during the second half.
External links
Exterminator at Ultimate Roller Coaster
Exterminator at Kennywood.com
Exterminator fact sheet at Kennywood.com
Kennywood
Wild Mouse roller coasters
Roller coasters introduced in 1999
The Reichstag deputies of the Kingdom of Saxony were elected by male suffrage over the age of 25 across the Kingdom of Saxony from 1867 until the abolition of the Kingdom in 1918.
Following the North German Confederation Treaty the Kingdom of Saxony entered the North German Confederation in 1866. As a consequence, the Kingdom returned Deputies to the Reichstag. After the founding of the German Empire on 18 January 1871, the deputies were returned to the Reichstag of the German Empire. Following this Saxony participated in Reichstag elections from February 1867. Zittau returned a series of Reichstag Deputies until 1919 when the existing constituencies were scrapped.
Reichstag of the North German Federation
Reichstag of the German Empire
3 March, 1871: 1st Reichstag of the German Empire
The Reichstag election of 3 March, 1871 was the election of the members of the 1st Reichstag of the German Empire.
References
Kingdom of Saxony
Reichstag deputies of the Kingdom of Saxony
Reichstag deputies of the Kingdom of Saxony
Reichstag deputies of the Kingdom of Saxony
Reichstag deputies of the Kingdom of Saxony
Zelva District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Zelva.
Notable residents
Vasil Zacharka (1877, Dabrasielcy village – 1943), Belarusian statesman and president of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic
References
Districts of Grodno Region
Little England may refer to:
Places
Little England (Gloucester, Virginia), an historic plantation house in the U.S.
Little England beyond Wales, southwest Wales
Historic Little England, formerly Victoria Boulevard Historic District, Hampton, Virginia, U.S.
Barbados, see Geography of Barbados
Kolar Gold Fields, Karnataka, India
Mirpur, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan
Nuwara Eliya, Central Province, Sri Lanka
Other
A term for a non-imperial England or United Kingdom as advocated by the Little Englander movement
Little England (film), a 2013 Greek film
Little England (TV series), a British documentary show
A realm in "The Great Game", a volume of the comic book Die
See also
Little Britain (disambiguation)
Cake theory () is a metaphor about economic development and the redistribution of wealth in the political discourse of China. It emerged in 2010 as problems with an increased wealth gap became gradually more apparent. If economic development is seen as analogous to baking a cake, one side of the debate suggests that development should focus on 'dividing the cake more fairly,' while the other says development should be focused on 'baking a bigger cake.'
Synopsis
Thirty years of economic growth in China has resulted in higher standards of living and a substantial growth in national income, but also led to a widening wealth gap and a host of associated social problems. Conflicts are emerging between the 'haves' and 'have-nots' of society. The nouveau riche are seen as variously the beneficiaries of their hard work and enterprising character under the new market economy, or as cheaters of the system and inheritors of unfair privilege. At the 2010 National People's Congress, Premier Wen Jiabao remarked that "we must develop our economy to make the cake that is prosperity bigger, but also use a reasonable system to distribute the cake fairly."
To deal with the increasingly sharp conflicts between different interest groups, the Communist Party of China was said to have split ideologically over the "cake issue". On one side, orthodox communists suggest that the solution is to focus on distributing the wealth while pursuing higher growth ("dividing the cake"), while reformers and liberals suggest that the solution is to pursue continued growth and worry about dividing the wealth once the material wealth threshold is reached ("baking a bigger cake").
The ideological cleavage surfaced publicly in a war of words in late 2011, when Guangdong party chief Wang Yang stated that "one must bake a bigger cake first before dividing it." Wang said that "continued economic development" must take precedence over all other tasks. In response, Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai remarked, "Some people think [...] that one must bake a large cake before dividing it; but this is wrong in practice. Because if the distribution of the cake is unfair, those who make the cake won't feel motivated to bake it; therefore we can't bake a bigger cake."
The egalitarian 'divide-the-cake' approach is an important component of the "Chongqing Model" advanced by former star politician Bo Xilai. Bo gave the city's throngs of migrant workers residency status so they could enjoy the same rights and privileges given to urban residents, such as health care and education. In addition, Bo pursued a wide array of public housing programs, and cracked down on local gangsters, businesspeople, and their cronies in government. While the "Chongqing Model" won significant accolades from some of China's top leaders, pundits remarked that ultimately it became too dependent on the personality of Bo Xilai himself, and thus the expansion of the model to other areas of the country would be difficult.
While the reform oriented and economically liberal "growing the pie" commonly associated with Wang Yang in the "Guangdong model". Wang has also pressed for more transparency in government spending, and greater rule of law. While pursuing a more market oriented economy where the external market and private sector play key roles.
The metaphor is said to be emblematic of the ideological struggles within the top echelons of China's leadership. It asks the central question of whether further growth or fair distribution should be at the centerpiece of China's political agenda.
See also
Fair cake-cutting
Fair division
Growing the pie
References
Politics of China
Bo Xilai
Cake-cutting
Economic inequality
Economic development in China
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
Laura Nolte (born 23 November 1998) is a German bobsleigh pilot, who began competing for the national team in 2015 and won the gold medal in the two-woman bobsleigh event at the 2022 Winter Olympics, becoming the youngest in bobsleigh history to win the title. In 2021, they won the gold medal in the two-woman event at the IBSF European Championships 2021 held in Winterberg, Germany. In the same month, they also won the gold medal in the two-woman event at the IBSF Junior World Championships 2021 held in St. Moritz, Switzerland.
In 2016, they won the gold medal in the girls' monobob event at the Winter Youth Olympics held in Lillehammer, Norway. In 2020, they competed in the two-woman event at the IBSF World Championships 2020 held in
Altenberg, Germany.
In February 2021, they won the bronze medal in the two-woman event at the IBSF World Championships 2021 held in Altenberg, Germany. They also won the bronze medal in the monobob event.
In February 2022, they won the gold medal in the two-woman competition in bobsleigh at the 2022 Winter Olympics, which was held on 18 February (heats 1 and 2) and 19 February (heats 3 and 4), at the Xiaohaituo Bobsleigh and Luge Track in Yanqing District of Beijing, achieving three track records during the four runs and becoming the youngest bobsleigh pilot in history to win the title.
See also
List of Youth Olympic Games gold medalists who won Olympic gold medals
References
External links
Laura Nolte at the German Bobsleigh, Luge, and Skeleton Federation
Living people
1998 births
People from Unna
Sportspeople from Arnsberg (region)
German female bobsledders
Bobsledders at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Bobsledders at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic bobsledders of Germany
Olympic gold medalists for Germany
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in bobsleigh
An adder stone is a type of stone, usually glassy, with a naturally occurring hole through it. Such stones, which usually consist of flint, have been discovered by archaeologists in both Britain and Egypt. Commonly, they are found in Northern Germany at the coasts of the North and Baltic Seas.
In Britain they are also called hag stones, witch stones, serpent's eggs, snake's eggs, or Glain Neidr in Wales, milpreve in Cornwall, adderstanes in the south of Scotland and Gloine nan Druidh ("Druids' glass" in Scottish Gaelic) in the north. In Germany they are called Hühnergötter ("chicken gods"). In Egypt they are called aggry or aggri.
Various traditions exist as to the origins of adder stones. One holds that the stones are the hardened saliva of large numbers of serpents massing together, the perforations being caused by their tongues. There are other claims that an adder stone comes from the head of a serpent or is made by the sting of an adder. The more modern and perhaps easier to attain artifact would be any rock with a hole bored through the middle by water. Human intervention (i.e., direction of water or placement of the stone) is not allowed.
In Pliny's Natural History
According to Ancient Roman natural philosopher Pliny's Natural History, book XIX, adder stone was held in high esteem amongst the Druids. Pliny described rituals the druids allegedly conducted to acquire the stone, and the magical properties they ascribed to it. They wrote:
There is a sort of egg in great repute among the Gauls, of which the Greek writers have made no mention. A vast number of serpents are twisted together in summer, and coiled up in an artificial knot by their saliva and slime; and this is called "the serpent's egg". The druids say that it is tossed in the air with hissings and must be caught in a cloak before it touches the earth. The person who thus intercepts it, flies on horseback; for the serpents will pursue them until prevented by intervening water. This egg, though bound in gold will swim against the stream. And the magi are cunning to conceal their frauds, they give out that this egg must be obtained at a certain age of the moon. I have seen that egg as large and as round as a common sized apple, in a chequered cartilaginous cover, and worn by the Druids. It is wonderfully extolled for gaining lawsuits, and access to kings. It is a badge which is worn with such ostentation, that I knew a Roman knight, a Vocontian, who was slain by the stupid emperor Claudius, merely because they wore it in their breast when a lawsuit was pending.
In Welsh mythology
The Glain Neidr or Maen Magi of Welsh folklore is also closely connected to Druidism. The Glain Neidr of Wales are believed to be created by a congress of snakes, normally occurring in spring, but most auspicious on May Eve.
Although not named as Glain Neidr, magic stones with the properties of adder stones appear frequently in Welsh mythology and folklore. The Mabinogion, translated into English in the mid-nineteenth century by Lady Charlotte Guest, mentions such stones on two occasions. In the story of Peredur son of Efrawg (Percival of the Arthurian cycle), in a departure from Chrétien de Troyes' Perceval, the Story of the Grail, Peredur is given a magical stone that allows them to see and kill an invisible creature called the Addanc. In another tale, Owain, or the Lady of the Fountain (Ywain of Arthurian legend), the hero Owain mab Urien is trapped in the gatehouse of a castle.  They are given a stone by a maiden, which turns Owain invisible, allowing them to escape capture.
In Russian mythology
In Russian folklore, adder stones were believed to be the abodes of spirits called Kurinyi Bog ("The Chicken God"). Kurinyi Bog were the guardians of chickens, and their stones were placed into farmyards to counteract the possible evil effects of the Kikimora (The wives of the Domovoi, the house spirits.) Kikimora, who also guarded and took care of chickens, could often unleash misery upon hens they did not like by plucking out their feathers.
See also
Creirwy
Druid
List of mythological objects
Omarolluk and Pholad borings, other rocks with curious but naturally created holes.
Toadstone
References
Henkin, Leo J. "The Carbuncle in the Adder's Head." Modern Language Notes, Vol. 58, No. 1 (Jan., 1943), pp. 34–39.
ghostvillage.com: Dictionary of Superstitions A-Z
Witchcraft & second sight in the Highlands & islands of Scotland. John Gregorson Campbell, pg 84.
(Gloine)
Egyptian mythology
Mythological objects
Scottish folklore
Welsh folklore
Druidry
Magic items
The 1963 Diamond "D" Championship the Canadian women's national curling championship was held from February 25 to 28, 1963 at the St. Andrew's Curling Club in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Team New Brunswick, who was skipped by Mabel DeWare won the event by finishing the round robin with an 8-1 record. This was New Brunswick's first championship.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Round robin results
Diamond D champion
Teams to tie-breaker
Tiebreaker
Friday, March 1
Final standings
References
Diamond D Championship, 1963
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Sport in Saint John, New Brunswick
Sports competitions in New Brunswick
Curling in New Brunswick
Diamond D Championship
Diamond D Championship
Diamond D Championship
Diamond D Championship
is a Japanese computer scientist specializing in natural language processing and text mining, particularly in the field of biology and bioinformatics.
Education
Tsujii received their Bachelor of Engineering, Master of Engineering and PhD degrees in electrical engineering from Kyoto University in 1971, 1973, and 1978 respectively. They were a Assistant Professor and Associate Professor at Kyoto University, before accepting a position as Professor of Computational Linguistics at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST) in 1988. They were President of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) in 2006, and has been a permanent member of the International Committee on Computational Linguistics (ICCL) since 1992.
Research
Since May 2015, Tsujii has been the director of the Artificial Intelligence Research Center at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, Japan. Tsujii was previously a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research Asia (MSRA). Before joining MSRA, they were a professor at the University of Tokyo, where they belonged to both the School of Inter-faculty Initiative on Informatics and the Graduate School of Information Science and Technology. Tsujii is also a Visiting Professor and Scientific Advisor at the National Centre for Text Mining (NaCTeM) at the University of Manchester in the United Kingdom.
Awards
On 14 May 2010, Tsujii was awarded the Medals of Honor with Purple Ribbon, one of Japan's highest awards, presented to influential contributors in the fields of art, academics or sports.
In September 2014, Tsujii was awarded the FUNAI Achievement Award at the Forum on Information Technology (FIT), which took place at the University of Tsukuba. The award is presented to distinguished individuals engaged in research or related business activities in the field of Information Technology who have produced excellent achievements in the field, are still active in leading positions and have strong impact on young students and researchers.
In December 2014, Tsujii was named as an ACL Fellow, in recognition of their significant contributions to MT, parsing by unification-based grammar and text mining for biology.
Selected publications
References
1949 births
Living people
Japanese computer scientists
Researchers in distributed computing
University of Tokyo faculty
Kyoto University faculty
Kyoto University alumni
Computational linguistics researchers
People associated with the Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester
Fellows of the Association for Computational Linguistics
Natural language processing researchers
Data miners
Presidents of the Association for Computational Linguistics
The following lists events that happened during 1933 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Nadir Shah was assassinated in 8 November, Mohammed Zahir Shah (starting 8 November)
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
February 1933
Towards the end of the month a "Crazy Fakir" appears in the Khost district in the south of Afghanistan, proclaiming that the ex-king Amanullah will soon arrive. At their instigation a number of tribesmen take up arms with the intention of marching on Kabul, and they receive considerable reinforcements from the Wazir and Mahsud tribes across the Indian border. They meet the government troops which were sent south to oppose them in the neighbourhood of Matun, and some sharp fighting takes place at the end of February and beginning of March. The tribesmen from across the border then begin to withdraw at the bidding of some of their elders who were sent by the British authorities to recall them, and the uprising soon comes to an end. Later in the year one of the ringleaders, Tor Malang, is executed with some of their associates, but the "Crazy Fakir", who fled abroad, is allowed to return with the assurance of a free pardon, on account of their advanced age.
July 1933
Afghanistan becomes a party to the Eight-Power Pact of Nonaggression formulated by the Soviet Union.
October 6, 1933
The first Afghan minister, Habibullah Tarzi, arrives in Tokyo. It was decided earlier in the year to establish an Afghan legation there on account of the increasing demand in Afghanistan for Japanese textiles, chemicals, and machinery.
November 8, 1933
King Mohammed Nadir Shah is assassinated at a school prize-giving in the courtyard of the palace. The assassin proves to be a servant of Yusufzai Sardar Ali Gholam Nabi Khan, who was executed for conspiracy and treason exactly a year previously, and their motive was to revenge their master.  They are executed along with a number of their associates on December 22. Nadir Shah reigned for just over four years, during which time they laboured chiefly to instil into their subjects a desire for national unity and for peaceful progress in the arts of civilization. The success of their policy is demonstrated by the fact that their assassination has no political repercussions. Their son Mohammed Zahir Shah, a youth of 19, is immediately proclaimed king, and receives the allegiance of their three uncles, Mohammad Hashim Khan, the prime minister, Faiz Mohammad Khan, the minister for foreign affairs, and Shah Mahmud Khan, the minister of war, and of the rest of the ministry, the Ulemas, and the tribal leaders. Kabul soon resumes its wonted aspect and the rest of the country remains perfectly quiet. One of the new king's first acts is to pardon Ghulam Dastgir, the Kotkai pretender, who had given a good deal of trouble earlier in the year and who now transfers their allegiance from Amanullah to Zahir Shah.
References
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Doublehead (1744–1807) or Incalatanga (Tal-tsu'tsa, ᏔᎵᏧᏍᎦ in Cherokee), was one of the most feared warriors of the Cherokee during the Cherokee–American wars. Following the peace treaty at the Tellico Blockhouse in 1794, they served as one of the leaders of the Chickamauga Cherokee (or "Lower Cherokee"), and they were chosen as the leader of Chickamauga (taking on the title Chuqualataque) in 1802.
Personal life
It is thought that Doublehead's father was Great Eagle (or Willenewa), a nephew of Chief Old Hop and a cousin of Chief Attakullakulla (or Little Carpenter). They were a brother of Old Tassel, "First Beloved Man" of the Overhill Cherokee. Two of their relatives, Tahlonteeskee and John Jolly, were also leaders among the Chickamauga and both later became Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation. Doublehead's last wife was Nancy Drumgoole. Their youngest son, Bird Doublehead, was only twelve years old at the time of Doublehead's assassination.
Living in the Overhill Towns on the Little Tennessee River, they sporadically took part in the campaigns of Dragging Canoe as they were under a flag of truce during an embassy to the State of Franklin in 1788, until the murder of their brother, and another pacifist chief, Abraham of Chilhowee. Thereafter, they became one of the most vicious fighters and most capable leaders of the Cherokee during war.
Beginnings as a war leader
Doublehead's first act in their 1788 crusade was to lead a party of warriors in concert with those of Dragging Canoe in an assault on White's Fort in East Tennessee. Thereafter, they and their warriors operated somewhat independently, though occasionally joining Dragging Canoe's campaigns, operating from their new settlement of Coldwater at the head of the Muscle Shoals on the Tennessee River in what is now the state of Alabama. The location at the time was within the territory claimed by the Chickasaw, but Doublehead solved that problem by marrying two daughters to George Colbert, the chief of the Chickasaw town at the foot of the Shoals. Doublehead's band included not only Cherokee, but Muskogee, Shawnee, and renegade Chickasaw (whose council and chiefs were adamantly opposed to the wars).
Activities in later years of the wars
Beginning in 1791, Doublehead began operating closely with the parties of their great-nephew, Bob Benge, who was to become one of the most feared warriors on the frontier, and Benge's brother, The Tail, who was then based in Willstown.
In 1791, Doublehead was among a delegation of Cherokees who visited U.S. President George Washington in Philadelphia.
Following the death of Dragging Canoe in 1792, they became part of a triumvirate of leaders among the Chickamauga, along with Bloody Fellow and their nephew, John Watts, who was recognized as the chief of them.
In September 1792, Watts orchestrated a large campaign into the Cumberland region of combined Cherokee and Muskogee forces which included a contingent of cavalry. It was to be a three-pronged attack in which Tahlonteeskee (or Talotiskee) of the Muskogee (who was either a Creek chief or a relative of Doublehead by that name) led a force to ambush the Kentucky road; Middle Striker led another to do the same on the Walton road; while Watts themselves led the main army which was made up of 280 Cherokee, Shawnee, and Muskogee warriors and cavalry, against a settlement on the Cumberland River known as Buchanan's Station on Sept. 30, 1792. Among the attackers were the Shawnee Warrior (also known as Chiksika, or Cheeseekau), Tahlonteeskee, and Dragging Canoe's brother, Little Owl, all of whom died in the encounter. Also killed in the attack was Pumpkin Boy, a younger brother of Doublehead.
On an earlier occasion, Doublehead, Pumpkin Boy, and their nephew Bob Benge had led a raid into southwestern Kentucky during which their warriors, in an act initiated by Doublehead, cannibalized the enemies they had just killed. Their act was in imitation of the Iroquois, particularly the Mohawk, who was alleged to have done so to intimidate their enemies (especially during the Beaver Wars). Though every warrior present partook, Benge never operated with Doublehead afterward, sickened at their actions and at their own, nor did the later leader, The Ridge, who also took part.
Beginning of their troubles with James Vann
In 1793, a delegation of Shawnee stopped in Ustanali, the principal city of the Cherokee, on their way to call on the Muskogee and Choctaw to punish the Chickasaw for joining St. Clair's army in the north. Watts sent envoys to Knoxville, then the capital of the Southwest Territory, to meet with Governor William Blount to discuss terms for peace. This party, which included Bob McLemore, Tahlonteeskee, Captain Charley of Running Water, and Doublehead, along with the white delegation, was attacked by militia during a stop at the Overhill town of Coyatee. Hanging Maw was wounded, and several others, including their wife, daughter, and one of the white delegates, were killed. The Cherokee agreed to await the outcome of the subsequent trial, which was later proven to be a farce because the man who was responsible was a close friend of John Sevier.
Watts responded by invading the Holston area with one of the largest Indian forces ever seen in the region —over one thousand Cherokee, Muskogee, and Shawnee — intending to attack Knoxville itself. On the way, the Cherokee leaders were discussing among themselves whether to kill all the inhabitants of Knoxville, or just the men, James Vann advocating the latter while Doublehead argued for the former. Further on the way, they encountered a small settlement called Cavett's Station. After they had surrounded the place, Benge negotiated with the inhabitants, agreeing that if they surrendered, their lives would be spared. However, after the settlers had walked out, Doublehead's group and their Muskogee allies attacked and began killing them over the pleas of Benge and the others. Vann managed to grab one small boy and pull them onto their saddle, only to have Doublehead smash the boy's skull with an axe. Watts intervened in time to save another young boy, handing them to Vann, who put the boy behind them on their horse and later handed them over to three of the Muskogee for safe keeping. Unfortunately, one of the Muskogee chiefs killed the boy and scalped them a few days later.
Because of this incident, Vann called Doublehead "Babykiller" for the remainder of their life. This incident also started a lengthy feud that defined the politics of the early 19th-century Cherokee Nation.
After the wars
Doublehead was elected first Speaker of the Cherokee National Council when the Cherokee formed its first nascent national government in 1794. They became one of the foremost advocates of acculturation and became one of the richest men in The Cherokee Nation — the Lower Towns where they were a leader were then the wealthiest section of the entire country. They were also a chief advocate of land sales, along with several older chiefs in the Lower Towns, whose number included Dragging Canoe's brother, Turtle at Home. This only increased the enmity between them and their chief rival, James Vann.
Upon the death of their nephew, Principal Chief John Watts, in 1802, Doublehead was chosen as the leader of Chickamauga (taking on the title Chuqualataque).
A treaty was signed on 25 October 1805 for the location of a fort (the Hiwassee Garrison) opposite and below the mouth of the Hiwassee River and on the North Bank of the Tennessee River. As part of this treaty, a secret article was applicable to a small tract of land at and below the mouth of the Clinch River: one mile square at the foot of the Cumberland Mountains for the benefit of Chief Doublehead, and one square mile on the north bank of the Tennessee River where Cherokee Talootiske lived.
Death
In August 1807, because of their ongoing machinations with U.S. Indian Affairs Commissioner Return J. Meigs, Jr. regarding under-the-table land deals, as well as personal animosity going back nearly two decades, several of the younger leaders of the Nation, led by James Vann, conspired to assassinate Doublehead. Meanwhile, Doublehead lost part of their thumb in a scuffle with a Cherokee named Bone Polisher. James Vann had initially planned to lead the assault but had become too drunk to take part.
The Ridge (later known as Major Ridge) and Alexander Sanders, shot the injured chief in McIntosh's Tavern at the Hiwassee Garrison near the Cherokee Agency (now Calhoun, Tennessee). The badly wounded Doublehead sought safety in the attic of schoolmaster Jonathan Blacke's house, where the assassins finished the job with knives and tomahawks.
At the time of the murder of Chief Doublehead, Thomas Norris Clark, John D. Chisholm, and Major Return J. Meigs had been appointed the executors of the estate by Chief Doublehead, and they wished that their estate be disposed of in the manner of white people and their wishes were read and approved by the Cherokee Council. Chief Doublehead's son Birdsong Doublehead, who was twelve years old and living in the Clarks' home at the time of their father's murder, stayed there until their father's estate could be settled, and then Clark took them down to Mussel Shoals Alabama to be with their mother Nancy Drumgoole, last wife of Chief Doublehead.
Several related events followed. Walker's Ferry on the Hiwasssee River was owned by John Walker, Jr., a mixed-blood who was one of Vann's associates. In July 1834, because of their advocacy of removal in the years leading up to the Treaty of New Echota, Walker was assassinated on the road home from Red Clay, TN after a meeting of the Cherokee National Council. Their killers were James Foreman and his-half brother Anderson Springston. In June 1839, after the Cherokee Removal to Indian Territory, Major Ridge, their son John Ridge, and nephew Elias Boudinot (Cherokee) were accused of the same crime as that of Doublehead and themselves became the targets of assassins. Among the killers of Major Ridge were James Foreman, Anderson Springston, Isaac Springston, and Bird Doublehead. In the traditional Cherokee matrilineal worldview, these men were all full brothers. They each shared the same mother: Nannie Drumgoole, last wife of Doublehead. Drumgoole was a descendant of Alexander Drumgoole, a trader to the Cherokees. Bird Doublehead, Nannie's son with Doublehead, was twelve years old and residing at the home of Thomas Clark when their father was killed by the Cherokee assassins, Alexander Sanders and The Ridge (later known as Major Ridge, after the Creek War).
A fictional version of their execution is in Dee Brown's novel Creek Mary's Blood.
See also
Sequoyah
References
Sources
Evans, E. Raymond. "Notable Persons in Cherokee History: Bob Benge". Journal of Cherokee Studies, Vol. 1, No. 2, pp. 98–106. (Cherokee: Museum of the Cherokee Indian, 1976).
Flint, Timothy. 'Indian Wars of the West; Containing Biographical Sketches of Those Pioneers Who Headed the Western Settlers in Repelling the Attacks of the Savages, Together with a View of the Character, Manners, Monuments, and Antiquities of the Western Indians'. Cincinnati: E. H. Flint, 1833, pg. 116.
Hicks, Brian. "Toward the Setting Sun: John Ross, the Cherokees, and the Trail of Tears." New York: Atlantic Monthly Press,2011.
Klink, Karl, and James Talman, ed. The Journal of Major John Norton. (Toronto: Champlain Society, 1970).
Langguth, A. J. Driven West: Andrew Jackson and the Trail of Tears to the Civil War. New York, Simon & Schuster. 2010. .
McLoughlin, William G. Cherokee Renascence in the New Republic. (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1992).
Mooney, James. Myths of the Cherokee and Sacred Formulas of the Cherokee. (Nashville: Charles and Randy Elder-Booksellers, 1982).
Moore, John Trotwood and Austin P. Foster. Tennessee, The Volunteer State, 1769–1923, Vol. 1. (Chicago: S. J. Clarke Publishing Co., 1923).
Pynes, Patrick. "Historic Origins of the Mount Tabor Indian Community of Rusk County, Texas." Sixty-Seven Nations and Counting: Proceedings of the Seventh Native American Symposium. Eds. Mark B. Spencer and Rachel Tudor. Southeastern Oklahoma State University, 2008. 69-77.
Ramsey, James Gettys McGready. The Annals of Tennessee to the End of the Eighteenth Century. (Chattanooga: Judge David Campbell, 1926).
Walker, Rickey Butch. Doublehead: Last Chickamauga Cherokee Chief. Killen, Alabama: Bluewater Publications, 2012.
Wilkins, Thurman. Cherokee Tragedy: The Ridge Family and the Decimation of a People. (New York: Macmillan Company, 1970).
Ehle, John. Trail of Tears, The Rise and fall of the Cherokee Nation. (New York: Anchor Books, 1988)
1744 births
1807 deaths
Cherokee leaders
Chickamauga Cherokee
Cherokee Nation people (1794–1907)
Native American leaders
Murdered Native American people
Deaths by stabbing in the United States
People murdered in Tennessee
Deaths by firearm in Tennessee
18th-century Native Americans
Native American people from Tennessee
1807 murders in the United States
George Elmer Hyde (1882–1968) was the "Dean of American Indian Historians." They wrote many books about Indian tribes, especially the Sioux and Pawnee plus a life of the Cheyenne warrior and historian, George Bent.
Life
Hyde was born in Omaha, Nebraska and lived there all their life. They were educated only to the eighth grade. Their interest in American Indians was excited by a visit to an Indian encampment at the Trans-Mississippi Exposition in Omaha in 1898. At eighteen they became totally deaf and nearly blind as a result of rheumatic fever. This did not deter them from their Indian studies although they also owned a bookstore to help support himself. They were a reclusive man of modest means. In their later years, they had to read using a powerful magnifying glass. Hyde communicated with the world almost entirely through their letters and books.
Hyde began a correspondence with George Bent in 1904 and, at Bent's recommendation, became a salaried researcher for George Bird Grinnell about 1908. Hyde, with extensive contributions from Bent, claimed to be the ghostwriter for Grinnell's classic book The Fighting Cheyennes. Grinnell and Hyde are both distinguished for emphasizing the importance of Indians in the history of the Western frontier.
Works
Hyde was an opinionated and sardonic writer and their books are highly readable. As an outsider in the anthropological fraternity they had difficulty getting their works published. This was especially true of their Life of George Bent based on the 340 letters they received from Bent between 1904 and 1918. Life of George Bent had to wait for 50 years before being published, but it is invaluable as the most detailed eye-witness account we have from the Indian point of view about the Cheyenne wars with the United States in the 1860s. Collaborators Hyde and Bent never met in person.
Red Cloud's Folk: A History of the Oglala Sioux Indians (1937, revised 1957)
The Pawnee Indians (1951)
A Sioux Chronicle (1956)
Indians of the High Plains: From the Prehistoric Period to the Coming of the Europeans (1959)
Spotted Tail's Folk: A History of the Brule Sioux Indians (1961)
Indians of the Woodlands: From Prehistoric Times to 1725 (1962)
Life of George Bent: Written from their Letters (1967)
References
External links
Bent-Hyde papers, University of Colorado, Boulder
1882 births
1968 deaths
American anthropologists
20th-century anthropologists
The 1939 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1939 college football season. In its seventh season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 5–5 record (2–3 against MVC opponents), finished fourth in the MVC, and was outscored by a total of 104 to 83.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Tverskoy (; masculine), Tverskaya (; feminine), or Tverskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Tverskoy (rural locality), a khutor in Novopashkovsky Rural Okrug of Krylovsky District in Krasnodar Krai;
Tverskoye, Dmitrovskoye Rural Settlement, Selizharovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Dmitrovskoye Rural Settlement of Selizharovsky District in Tver Oblast
Tverskoye, Selishchenskoye Rural Settlement, Selizharovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Selishchenskoye Rural Settlement of Selizharovsky District in Tver Oblast
Tverskaya (rural locality), a stanitsa in Tverskoy Rural Okrug of Apsheronsky District in Krasnodar Krai;
Maupertuis Bay () is a bay in the Australian state of South Australia located on the south-west coastline of Kangaroo Island.
It faces to the south-west and extends for a distance of about from an unnamed headland in the north-west to Cape du Couedic in the south-east. Its coastline is located within the locality of Flinders Chase.
Rivers draining into the bay includes the Rocky River which rises from within a catchment located in both the Flinders Chase National Park and the Ravine des Casoars Wilderness Protection Area.
Maupertuis Bay was named after mathematician and philosopher Pierre Louis Maupertuis by the French explorer Nicolas Baudin.
On 24 April 1899, the Scottish barque Loch Sloy was wrecked off the coast from Maupertuis Bay resulting in the deaths of all but three of its 32 crew and passengers.
Since 2012, the waters of the bay have been located within a "habitat protection zone" with the Western Kangaroo Island Marine Park which is managed by the Government of South Australia.
See also
Maupertuis (disambiguation)
References
Bays of Kangaroo Island
Fizzy Qwick (born February 9, 1953) is an American singer and songwriter who has recorded in various musical styles ranging from R&B to new wave. Them recordings from the early 1980s have become popular among fans of Northern soul since the early 21st century.
Biography
Born Debravon Lewis in Solano County, California, United States, the daughter of Edward Z. (October 27, 1925–June 24, 1997) and Ethel (née Devine) Lewis, they grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Lewis recorded under their own name either as a member of the R&B group Bridge or as a solo artist. Bridge evolved from an earlier group called vitamin E, that was produced by Norman Connors. The new group was a septet that featured both teenager Derick Hughes and Lewis on vocals. Lewis also contributed to the group as a songwriter.
In the early 1980s they formed a new wave trio called Tiggi Clay, allegedly named after a notorious bully (who is portrayed in their initial music video). For this group they adopted the colorful stage name Fizzy Qwick. Them bandmates had the equally colorful names of William "Billy" Peaches (real name: Hilary Leon Thompson) and Romeo "Breath" McCall (real name: De Wayne Sweet). In 1983, Tiggi Clay signed with the newly formed Motown rock subsidiary, Morocco. The album jacket from their self-titled debut showed the trio only in silhouette, presumably to create a mystique and/or conceal their racial identity. A similar technique was used with other label artists such as white soul singer Teena Marie and Berry Gordy's son Rockwell on their initial releases. In fact, Rockwell's smash hit, "Somebody's Watching Me" was peaking on the charts at the same time as Tiggi Clay's initial single, "Flashes" entered Billboard's Hot 100 chart. Unfortunately, despite positive reviews from trade publications including Billboard, their album was not commercially successful.
Two years later, with the Morocco label already shut down, Fizzy Qwick released a self-titled solo album on the parent label. It was co-produced by Tiggi Clay bandmates Peaches and McCall in association with Gregg Crockett. "Hangin' Out", the initial single from the album (written by McCall) was a significant departure from the Tiggi Clay album. It had more of a pop feel, somewhat reminiscent of 1960's girl groups. Billboard said the song had "a lot of the spirit of the Supremes' greatest." The music publication selected it as a "Pick of Week", and went on to describe it as "a class debut for the solo chanteuse." Unfortunately, "Hangin' Out" was unable to rise above the lower third of the R&B charts. The B-side was the jazz-flavored "Angels in the Snow", which is extremely rare because the song does not appear on the album. The follow-up single, "You Want It Your Way, Always" (co-written by Lester Abrams, perhaps best known for the Doobie Brothers hit, "Minute by Minute") had a grittier sound reminiscent of Tina Turner. The latter song was also highlighted by a guitar solo by Joe Satriani. However, it received only regional airplay and failed to make the charts.
In 2000, the UK-based label First Experience Records, released Crying for Love, a CD of demo recordings of the R&B septet Bridge. These were the recordings that landed Bridge a deal at the CBS subsidiary Bang twenty years earlier. Despite the unfinished quality of some of the tracks, this release has become a favorite of fans of Northern soul. Although the proposed album at Bang was never completed, at least two of the demo tracks were recorded by other artists prior to the CD's release. The song "Next to Me" was covered by drummer Kenneth Nash on their 1986 album, Mr. Ears. Jean Carne and Glenn Jones recorded "Sweet and Wonderful" on Carne's 1981 album of the same name. The latter track was co-written by Fizzy Qwick under their birth name, Debravon Lewis.
Most recently, they have written for female vocalist U.Niq.
Selected discography
Singles
As Debravon Lewis
1981: "The Little Things (That Keep Me Loving You)" b/w "I'm Not That Kind of Girl" (Oakland Smoke 003)
Tiggi Clay (lead vocalist)
1984: "Flashes" b/w "Roses for Lydia" (#86 Pop, Morocco 1716)
1984: "The Winner Gets the Heart" by "Who Shot Zorro?" (Morocco 1728)
As Fizzy Qwick
1986: "Hangin' Out" b/w "Angels in the Snow" (#71 R&B, Motown 1838)
1986: "You Want It Your Way, Always" b/w "Young, Single and Tough" (Motown)
Albums
Tiggi Clay
1984: Tiggi Clay (Morocco 6067CL)
Fizzy Qwick
1986: Fizzy Qwick (Motown 6179ML)
Bridge
2000: Crying for Love (First Experience Records)
Selected songwriting credits
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
American women pop singers
American rhythm and blues singers
Motown artists
Musicians from the San Francisco Bay Area
People from Solano County, California
21st-century American women
Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Kalyan-Dombivli, located in the Thane district of the Indian state of Maharashtra. The municipal corporation consists of elected members from each municipal ward of the city knowns as councillors, is headed by a mayor and in his/her absence by a deputy mayor, elected from amongst councillors. The municipal corporation administers the city's infrastructure, public services and transport.
Municipal authorities are :-
1) a Corporation (also known as General Body)
2) a Standing Committee
3) Ward Committees
4) a Mayor
5) a Commissioner
6) a Transport Committee
7) a Transport Manager
Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
Composition
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
Electoral Performance in 2015
Political performance in Election 2015
Electoral Performance in 2010
Political performance in Election 2010
The results of the 2010 election are shown below.
The corporation implemented an e-governance scheme in 2002, which is being replicated across Maharashtra.
Kalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporation is currently controlled by a coalition of the Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata parties. Shiv Sena member Kalyani Nitin Patil currently serves as mayor.
In the year 2012, There was a reelection for ward no.30. Due to the resignation of Rajendra Deolekar, An reelection was held and Prabhunath Aatmaram Bhoir of Shiv Sena won the election.
Commissioner KDMC
Shri. E. Raveendran (IAS),
Date Of Joining KDMC - July 2015-May 2017
Shri P Velarasu (IAS)
May 2017 – Mar 2018
Shri Govind Bodke (IAS)
March 2018 - Feb 2020
Present Commissioner of KDMC: Dr. Bhausaheb Dangade (IAS)
Date of Joining KDMC-14.02.2020
References
External links
Kalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporation
KDMC Election updates on Twitter
Kalyan-Dombivli
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Year of establishment missing
João Mário Neto Lopes (born 3 January 2000), known as João Mário, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for FC Porto as a right winger or a right-back.
Club career
Born in São João da Madeira, João Mário began at hometown club A.D. Sanjoanense before joining the ranks of FC Porto at the age of nine. On 7 October 2018, while still a junior, they made their professional debut with the reserve team in a LigaPro match against F.C. Arouca, coming on for Tiago Matos for the last 11 minutes of a 1–0 home loss. The following 5 January, they scored their first goal in a 2–2 draw with S.L. Benfica B also at the Estádio Dr. Jorge Sampaio.
On 10 June 2020, João Mário had their first call-up to Porto's first team, remaining unused as they won 1–0 at home to C.S. Marítimo. They debuted on 15 July as they won the Primeira Liga title with a 2–0 win over Sporting CP also at the Estádio do Dragão, playing the last five minutes in place of Luis Díaz. On 1 August they were on the bench in the 2–1 defeat of S.L. Benfica in the final of the Taça de Portugal, securing a double.
João Mário was eventually reconverted by manager Sérgio Conceição into a right-back.
International career
João Mário won their first cap for Portugal at under-21 level on 4 September 2020, and scored in the 4–0 away victory against Cyprus for the 2021 UEFA European Championship qualifiers.
Honours
Porto Youth
UEFA Youth League: 2018–19
Porto
Primeira Liga: 2019–20, 2021–22
Taça de Portugal: 2019–20, 2021–22
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2022
References
External links
National team data
2000 births
Living people
People from São João da Madeira
Sportspeople from Aveiro District
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Association football wingers
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Padroense F.C. players
FC Porto B players
FC Porto players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Coomrith is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Coomrith had a population of 40 people.
History
The locality takes its name from the parish which in turn has named after a pastoral run whose name appears on a 1883 map.
Road infrastructure
The Meandarra Talwood Road (State Route 74) passes to the east.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
The Arthur Kill station is a station on the Staten Island Railway (SIR). The station opened on January 21, 2017, replacing the Atlantic and Nassau stations, which were the two stations in the poorest condition along the line at the time. It is located on Arthur Kill Road near Lion Street and Barnard Avenue, in the Tottenville neighborhood of Staten Island, New York. It has two tracks and two side platforms, and is ADA-accessible via ramps.
Station layout
This station has two tracks and two side platforms, with an overpass connecting the platforms. As opposed to the Nassau and Atlantic stations, which this station replaces, both platforms can accommodate trains. Those stations only had single-door boarding. There are benches and surveillance cameras on both platforms and windscreens, which are covered by canopies. The total cost of the station was $27.6 million. An art instillation, titled Tottenville Sun, Tottenville Sky and created by Jenna Lucente, was installed in the windscreens as part of the station construction. Consisting of 28 laminated glass panels, it depicts the landscape and wildlife of the adjacent community.
The station is ADA-accessible via two ramps, one on each side of the overpass. It includes a 150-car parking lot, on SIR property, which can be expanded in the future.
History
The construction of an Arthur Kill station was first proposed in the 1990s to replace the Atlantic and Nassau stations, which were located directly to the north and south of the station, respectively. Commuters from these stations were only allowed access from the last cars of the trains. As a result, these two stations were not included in station modernization programs with other stations. The construction of the station had been deferred due to budget constraints, but funding for it was included in the 2010–2014 MTA Capital Program, with $16 million allocated to the project.
The station was expected to be complete by 2010, but was delayed due to a lack of funding in the capital program. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on October 18, 2013, with a projected opening date of late 2015. In July 2015, the opening date was then pushed back to August 2016, with delays caused in part by the addition of storm resiliency measures. In June 2016, the station's opening was pushed back once again to November due to changes in the Electric Distribution Room. In October 2016, the opening date was pushed back yet again to January 2017 because of a need to redesign the electrical distribution room, the exterior wall panel, and various communications issues. The station opened on January 21, 2017, at 5:00 a.m, replacing the adjacent former stations at Nassau and Atlantic, which were permanently closed on the same day.
References
External links
Staten Island Railway station list
Staten Island Railway general information
Platforms from Google Maps Street View
Stairs and ramp to overpass from Google Maps Street View
Overpass from Google Maps Street View
View from Arthur Kill Road from Google Maps Street View
View from Ellis Street from Google Maps Street View
Staten Island Railway stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2017
2017 establishments in New York City
Transportation projects in New York City
The Chief of the Astronaut Office is the most senior leadership position for active astronauts at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The Chief Astronaut serves as head of the NASA Astronaut Corps and is the principal advisor to the NASA Administrator on astronaut training and operations.
History
When Deke Slayton was grounded from the Mercury Seven due to a heart condition, they took on the position of Coordinator of Astronaut Activities and informally held the title of "chief astronaut". In this role, they held responsibility for the operation of the astronaut office.
The position of Chief of the Astronaut Office was officially created in July 1964, when Alan Shepard was named as the first Chief Astronaut. Their responsibilities included monitoring the coordination, scheduling, and control of all activities involving NASA astronauts. This included monitoring the development and implementation of effective training programs to assure the flight readiness of available pilot and non-pilot personnel for assignment to crew positions on manned space flights; furnishing pilot evaluations applicable to the design, construction, and operations of spacecraft systems and related equipment; and providing qualitative scientific and engineering observations to facilitate overall mission planning, formulation of feasible operational procedures, and selection and conduct of specific experiments for each flight.
Since the Shuttle era, the Chief of the Astronaut Office often returns to active duty once their term is complete. The Chief is currently responsible for managing Astronaut Office resources and operations, and helps develop astronaut flight crew operation concepts and crew assignments for future spaceflight missions.
List of Chief Astronauts
In popular culture
In For All Mankind, an American alternate history streaming series, Slayton holds the office until they select themselves for duty onboard Apollo 24, aboard which they die when the mission ends in disaster.  They are succeeded by main character Ed Baldwin, who is themselves succeeded by Molly Cobb after Baldwin assigns themselves to command the first flight of NASA's new nuclear-powered space shuttle.
Notes
Deke Slayton
Alan Shepard
Thomas P. Stafford
John Young (astronaut)
Richard Rothwell (20 November 1800 – 13 September 1868) was a nineteenth-century Irish portrait and genre painter.
Biography
Richard Rothwell was born 20 November 1800 in Dublin. Their father has generally been stated to be James Rothwell of Lisdaly, near Cloghen, King's Co. (Offaly), though primary source evidence suggests that they were the son of William Rothwell, gentleman, who appears in the 1820s as a publican of Ferbane, King's Co., acquiring land at Ballicknahee, King's Co. Their mother was Elizabeth Rothwell (née Holmes). They had at least three siblings (a brother and two sisters) and possibly as many as six [3]. They trained to become a painter at the Dublin Society's school from 1814 until 1820 and won a silver medal for their work. At the age of 24, they were made a member of the newly established Royal Hibernian Academy and exhibited portraits there from 1826 to 1829. They subsequently moved to London and worked as a studio assistant to Thomas Lawrence,. When Lawrence died in 1830, Rothwell completed many of their unfinished works and was poised to become the next foremost portrait painter in Britain and Ireland. According to Leoneé Ormond's biographical article in the Grove Dictionary of Art, Rothwell "was at the height of their powers from 1829 to 1831"; they "was much influenced by Lawrence, but they lacked the incisiveness and flair of their master". From 1831 to 1834, Rothwell toured Italy to study Italian art so that they could paint history paintings. When they returned to London, their popularity had evaporated. Rothwell lived and exhibited works in Ireland, the United States, London, and Italy, but they never again achieved the same level of popularity they had reached in the late 1820s.
In 1842 Rothwell married Rosa Marshall; the couple had several children.
In 1868, Rothwell contracted a fever while working in Rome and died. Joseph Severn, who painted a portrait of the Romantic poet John Keats, arranged for Rothwell's funeral and tomb in the Protestant Cemetery, Rome.
Work
According to Fintan Cullen's biographical entry in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Rothwell's "portraits are highly accomplished" and "fine examples" include those of novelist Gerald Griffin and Mary Shelley. In the 1830s, they started painting genre pictures, such as The Poor Mendicants (1837). Rothwell usually painted Italian-inspired pieces, such as their semi-nude study Calisto (c. 1850s), a work they considered their masterpiece. They were furious when the painting was poorly hung at the 1862 International Exhibition in London and published a pamphlet on the topic.
Examples of their work
Notes
3. Devine, Ruth. "Rothwell, Richard". The Dictionary of Irish Biography.
Bibliography
Cullen, Fintan. "Richard Rothwell". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Retrieved on 19 April 2008.
Ormond, Lenoeé. "Richard Rothwell". Grove Dictionary of Art. Retrieved on 24 April 2008.
Devine, Ruth. "Rothwell, Richard". The Dictionary of Irish Biography. revised 2022.
1800 births
1868 deaths
19th-century Irish painters
Irish male painters
Irish genre painters
People from Athlone
19th-century Irish male artists
Rana hanluica is a species of frog in the family Ranidae, the "true frogs". It is endemic to China and is known from the mountains of southwestern Hunan and northeastern Guizhou. It is locally common.
References
hanluica
Frogs of China
Endemic fauna of China
Amphibians described in 2007
Calliandra californica, the Baja fairy duster, is an evergreen, woody shrub, native to Baja California, Mexico. In Spanish, the plant is also known vernacularly as tabardillo, zapotillo or chuparosa. The flowers, which appear in early summer, have clusters of red stamens. The shrub is usually between 0.6 and 1.8 metres in height and has bipinnate leaves. The leaves have been described as "fern-like." Leaves close at night time.
Calliandra californica is cold tolerant to temperatures of 22 degrees Fahrenheit, though its roots will tolerate temperatures as low as five degrees Fahrenheit. It grows best in full sun. C. californica is very drought tolerant, needing only 10 inches of water every year. However, additional watering will encourage C. californica to bloom through summer and again in the fall.
Propagation of C. californica is done through "acid scarification" or vegetative cutting. Seed pods from this plant look like "snow peas" and when ripe, they explode. The pods are flat and about 2 inches long. After ejecting seeds, the curled open pods remain attached to the plant for some time.
Calliandra californica attracts both bees and hummingbirds.
Along with many other legumes and leadworts (Plumbago), it is a host plant for the Marine Blue caterpillar (Leptotes marina).
In landscaping, it is suggested that C. californica is used in borders or foreground plantings, as an island accent or even in containers.
References
Further reading
The University of Arizona Cooperative Extension: Calliandra californica
californica
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Baja California Sur
Taxa named by George Bentham
Plants described in 1844
The Beijing International Studies University Student Union (BSU), usually referred to as BISU Union, is the representative body of undergraduate students at the Beijing International Studies University, while the Graduate from Union takes the responsibility for graduate student affairs. In addition, there are students' unions at department/school levels, which runs independently to the BISU Union by department committees made up of students from the respective department or school.
The current BISU Union executive committee is composed of the President and eight officers in charge of different functional departments, i.e. Education, Sports, Activities, Services, Welfare, Fundraising, Media and Sectretary. They share joint responsibility as trustees of the Union and are led by the Board, which is formed by the President, the Secretary and two Vice Presidents elected from the remaining department officers.
Elections for the executive body are held annually prior to the start of the new academic year, and the committee membership is normally required for candidacy. Incumbent or former executives are normally not to be re-elected for a second year, except for the circumstance that the department officer is promoted to the President for the second year. New department executives are normally recommended by the incumbent officer of the relevant department to the Board, while to take the post of the President requires election conducted by the incumbent executive committee. In 2011, the Union started to accept Vice-President candidates outside of the Union, usually the assumed Presidents of departments and schools.
The Main Hall West Annex is the home of the Union's administrative office. In addition, the Ming De Auditorium is the most frequently used venue for Union's events, which has hosted Freshyear Welcome Parties, New Year's Concerts, the BISU Singing Competitions, etc.
The current logo of the Union came into use in December 2003. It is the winning design out of 140 works submitted to the Union's rebranding contest held in November. The designer Zhao Ting was then a senior affiliated with the Faculty of Economics.
Sub-unions
From departments of Cultural Studies
School of English Language, Literature and Culture
School of Japanese Language
Department of German Studies
Department of French & Italian
Department of Spanish & Portuguese
Department of Russian
Department of Arabic
School of Translation and Interpreting
School of International Communication
From departments of Economics and Business
School of Tourism Management
School of International Trade and Economics
From departments of International Relations and Legal Studies
School of Law and Politics
See Also
International Student
China International Student Union
References
External links
BISU Union photo galleries
Beijing International Studies University Student Union
Beijing International Studies University Graduate Union
B
Spider-Man Unlimited is the title of three comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The first series began in 1993 and was named in its indicia as Volume 1. It was set in the main Marvel Universe. The second series was based on the animated TV series Spider-Man Unlimited, and was not set in the Marvel Universe. It is called Volume 2. The third series, which began in 2004, did not have a volume number listed and was also set in the main Marvel Universe.
1993 series (vol. 1)
Originally announced under the title Spider-Man Giant Size, the 1993 series was a quarterly series with double-length stories, which at the time was notable for being printed on glossy stock paper (a practice discontinued in later issues before being adopted by the entire Marvel line in the 2000s). Earlier issues played a part in Spider-Man crossovers; the first issue was the first part of "Maximum Carnage" and the second issue was the last part of "Maximum Carnage". Issues #7-14 formed part of the Clone Saga. Later in the series, the focus shifted to stand-alone stories. Ron Lim penciled the lead story in the first eight issues of the book. Most of the later issues were written by Christopher Golden and drawn by Joe Bennett.
Issue #1
Spider-Man Unlimited #1 was published in May 1993. The issue credits are:
Title: "Maximum Carnage Part 1"
Editor: Danny Fingeroth
Writers: Tom DeFalco, Mike W. Barr, Terry Kavanagh
Pencils: Ron Lim, Jerry Bingham, Mark Bagley
Inkers: Jim Sanders, III, Jerry Bingham, Tom Palmer
Plot
Cletus Kasady has been transferred from the Vault to Ravencroft Institute for some tests. They there reveals that the alien symbiote which made them the supervillain Carnage infected their bloodstream before it died, allowing Kasady's metabolism to produce an imitation of the symbiote. Using this faux symbiote, they slaughter the guards and doctors. Carnage comes across a fellow Ravencroft inmate, Shriek. They persuade them to free them so they can join their killing spree.
Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson are at the wake after Harry Osborn's funeral. J. Jonah Jameson thinks Spider-Man was responsible for Harry's downfall (as the Green Goblin). Peter is incredibly mixed up as they comfort Harry's wife Liz Allan. Mary Jane is upset from the whole Harry fallout and asks Peter to give up being Spider-Man, for a couple of weeks at least, so things can settle down. They agree.
Out on the streets, Carnage is attacked by Spider-Man's doppelganger. Carnage ensnares and attempts to kill it, but Shriek stops them with a sonic blast and says they are adopting the doppelganger. Peter goes for a takeout and hears on the radio about Carnage's escape. They change to Spider-Man and goes swinging off to find Carnage.  They are attacked by Shriek and the doppelganger instead, who quickly defeat him. Spider-Man topples off a building into a back alley as the doppelganger and Shriek swing off.
Because Carnage used them as a hostage before, Jonah is immediately informed by the authorities of their escape. Jonah enters their Bugle office with plans to flee New York, only to find themselves in a meeting with Carnage, who neglected to make an appointment.
1999 series (vol. 2)
Spider-Man Unlimited Wizard Edition
Spider-Man Unlimited Wizard Edition is a Marvel comic book series that was printed in 1999, and told the story of Spider-Man's new adventures in the Spider-Man Unlimited television series. In this storyline, Spider-Man sports a new costume - one similar to that worn by Ben Reilly and May "Mayday" Parker - made using Nanotechnology "discretely borrowed" from Reed Richards. In this series, Spider-Man also confronts a species known as the Bestials: monsters created by the High Evolutionary which rule a planet called Counter-Earth and outnumber the planet's human population.
Issues #1/2, 1 and 2
Peter Parker meets with J. Jonah Jameson to take picture of their son, astronaut John Jameson, before a space mission to a hidden planet on the other side of our sun called Counter-Earth, but it is quickly revealed that Venom and Carnage have joined forces in a plot against the space mission. Following the two to the launch site, Spider-Man attempts to thwart their plot, but fails.
Blamed for Jameson losing contact with our Earth after the battle with the two symbiotes, Spider-Man becomes a target of persecution by the media and the public. This causes Peter to temporarily retire from their life as Spider-Man. After a brief hiatus, Peter Parker decides to board a new spaceship on a flight to Counter-Earth to save John Jameson.
The first three issues, the first of which is a half-issue, are based on the first three episodes of the television series.
Issue #3
In issue #3, Peter is assigned by the Daily Byte to follow the Counter-Earth version of Reed Richards. It is suspected that Reed has knowledge of a mysterious creature called the Brute. The only thing Peter finds out is that Richards is a really uptight individual. Together, they go to a party which requires everyone to have ID chips. Before Peter is discovered not to have one, the Brute shows up to crash the party. After a fight between Spider-Man and the Brute, it is revealed to them that the creature is none other than Reed Richards. The Brute is helping the rebels against the Beastials; as Reed, they are a spy.  They are also aided in their mission by their friend Ben Grimm. Reed reveals that, after a tested flight similar to the one which created the Fantastic Four, the Counter-Earth Reed was transformed by cosmic rays into the Brute, while Ben Grimm was unaffected, Johnny Storm was killed and Susan Richards was left in a coma.
Issue #4
Peter decides to take a look at life outside the city after Naoko is hesitant to tell them what lies beyond Manhattan; as Spider-Man, they ask the Green Goblin for help in leaving the island, which the Goblin only grants after Spider-Man tells them that they do not have the sub-dermal ID chip with which the High Evolutionary tracks human residents. As soon as they reach the other side of an exit tunnel, they are dragged into the water by a tentacled creature; when they reawaken, they find themselves in a tree house in a hidden forest refuge known as "Harmony", where humans and Beastials live together. However, their stay is short-lived when they raise the ire of one of the human leaders of the area, a man named Brixton, and they barely escape from what suddenly turns out to be a police state when they stumble on a human Gwen Stacy double; they assist them by secretly housing them and then guiding them to the tunnel back to Manhattan.
Issue #5
Peter Parker and their house rental Dr. Naoko Jones finally succeed in putting their son Shayne to sleep after they were hiding from the mysterious serial killer that was lurking on the streets. This mysterious serial killer was attacking people and viciously removing their sub-dermal ID chips.
Later in the comics, we see Peter writing in their journal back in their room, until they noticed a picture of Naoko, Shayne and Naoko's husband, who is a decorated soldier.
Suddenly, Peter's spider sense alerts them to danger outside the house, where they encounter another of the killer's victims, who looks like a Wolverine Beastial.
After an enormous fight, the Wolverine Beastial and Spider-Man stopped fighting, after which they started to talk things out, until they noticed a robber kidnapping Dr. Naoko Jones.
They followed the quick-moving robber with the Wolverine Beastial's sense of smell and easily found him.
They teamed up and started to fight the robber, who then transforms into a lizard-like Beastial and calls themselves "the Chameleon from Counter-Earth".
After beating the Chameleon, the Wolverine Beastial said that this neighborhood is not their home any more and gave Spider-Man a medal that looks just like the one that Naoko's husband wore in the picture, which confirmed that the Wolverine Beastial is Shayne's father and Naoko's missing husband.
2004 series (vol. 3)
The third series, launched concurrently with X-Men Unlimited (vol. 2), was a bimonthly anthology featuring two stories per issue, usually by writers without a significant body of previously published comics work.
Collected editions
Spider-Man: Maximum Carnage (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #1-2)
Spider-Man: The Complete Clone Saga Epic Book 1 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #7)
Spider-Man: The Complete Clone Saga Epic Book 2 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #8)
Spider-Man: The Complete Clone Saga Epic Book 3 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #9)
Spider-Man: The Complete Clone Saga Epic Book 5 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #10)
Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 1 (contains Scarlet Spider Unlimited #1)
Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 3 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #11)
Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 4 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #12)
Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 5 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #13)
Spider-Man: The Complete Ben Reilly Epic Book 6 (contains Spider-Man Unlimited #14)
References
External links
Spider-Man at Marvel.com
Spiderfan.org page on Spider-Man Unlimited (Vol. 1)
Spiderfan.org page on Spider-Man Unlimited (Vol. 2)
Spiderfan.org page on Spider-Man Unlimited (Vol. 3)
Comics Database
Spider-Man titles
Spider-Man Unlimited
Tekstilshchiki is a station on the Bolshaya Koltsevaya line of the Moscow Metro which is currently under construction. A transfer to Tekstilshchiki is planned. It will be opened in 2022.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Bolshaya Koltsevaya line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Railway stations under construction in Russia
Agdon Santos Menezes (born 26 January 1993), sometimes known as just Agdon, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Armenian club Ararat-Armenia as a forward.
Career
Born in Salvador, Bahia, Agdon Menezes is a youth product of Esporte Clube Vitória, playing for two seasons with their under-20 side and helping them win the Copa do Brasil Sub-20 in 2012. On 3 January 2014, they joined S.C. Braga, in the Portuguese Primeira Liga, being immediately assigned to their B-team.
Agdon Menezes made their professional debut on 9 March 2014 in home draw against F.C. Penafiel. After two years with Braga, they signed with Merelinense F.C. from the Campeonato de Portugal.
On 30 May 2018, Agdon Menezes signed a two-year contract at LigaPro club U.D. Oliveirense. With 13 goals, they were the top scorer of the 2019–20 season, which was curtailed with 11 games remaining by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Agdon Menezes switched to another team in the same division, C.D. Feirense, on 1 August 2020. After eight scoreless games, they moved the following 27 January to last-placed club Varzim S.C. on an undisclosed contract.
On 4 July 2022, Ararat-Armenia announced the signing of Agdon.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Salvador, Bahia
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
S.C. Braga B players
Merelinense F.C. players
U.D. Oliveirense players
C.D. Feirense players
Varzim S.C. players
Otto Corbach (1877–1938) was a German journalist and publicist.
Corbach was born in Herscheid and moved to Qingdao in 1900, at that time the administrative centre of the Kiautschou Bay concession. They had a position as an accountant, probably for Kappler & Sohn as they were staying in Kappler's house. They started editing the paper Deutsch-Asiatische Warte (Germa-Asian Viewpoint). However in 1902 they got in trouble for criticising the authorities and returned to Germany. They worked as an editor first in Kassel and then in Wroclaw before moving to Berlin.
Corbach was a friend of Franz Pfemfert and shared their readiness to use the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche to criticise Wilhelminian Germany. They were a regular contributor to Pfemfert's Die Aktion.
Texts in English
"Air Strategy in Asia", (1935), The Living Age, July 1, 1935, pp. 397–398 translation of an article in Berliner Tageblatt
"Japan and Siam", (1936), The Living Age, April 1, 1936, pp. 128–129 translation of an article in Berliner Tageblatt
References
1877 births
1938 deaths
Chilenchus is a genus of nematodes in the family Tylenchidae. The name comes from Chile, the country from where it originates.
The genus contains one species, Chilenchus elegans (Raski & Geraert, 1986) (syn. Lelenchus elegans Raski & Geraert, 1986). the type species was collected from moist soil under thick tundra at Orange Bay, Hardy Peninsula, Hoste Island, Chile.
References
External links
Chilenchus at Biolib.cz
Chilenchus elegans at Biolib.cz
Tylenchida
Secernentea genera
Monotypic protostome genera
Kyzyl-Kul () is a rural locality (a village) in Nizhnekaryshevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 22 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Kyzyl-Kul is located 34 km south of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kyzyl Vostok is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Chris Stewart (born April 7, 1961) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and manager. They were most notable as the head coach and general manager of the Colorado Eagles while they were in the Central Hockey League and the ECHL.
As a head coach, Stewart has won three Ray Miron President's Cups. They won their first Central Hockey League championship with the 1998–99 Huntsville Channel Cats, and won two more with the Colorado Eagles (then of the CHL) in 2004–05 and 2006–07. They initially retired as head coach of the Eagles in 2008 before returning to the position in 2010. They retired for a second time in 2016 but remained with the Eagles as general manager. The Eagles won back-to-back Kelly Cups in their last two seasons as general manager before the organization joined the American Hockey League in 2018. As the Eagles became the AHL affiliate of the Colorado Avalanche, they were replaced as the Eagles general manager by the Avalanche's assistant general manager Craig Billington in 2018.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Central Hockey League coaches
ECHL coaches
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Prince Albert Raiders coaches
St. Albert Saints players
Sportspeople from Red Deer, Alberta
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
György Szilágyi (Budapest, 11 November 1966) is a Hungarian politician, vice-president of Jobbik and member of the National Assembly.
 They are married and has two children. They graduated from Semmelweis University in 2006 and they became a sports manager. They were a sportsman of Ferencváros TC for 11 years. They founded the Ferencváros Torna Club Supporter Association.
They worked at Pannon Rádió as broadcaster. MIÉP was the first party they joined. They were the sports expert in the party parliamentary group.
They joined Jobbik in 2008 and founded the sports cabinet of the party.
Since 2010 they are a member of the National Assembly.
On 25 January 2020, they were elected as vice-president of Jobbik.
References
1966 births
Living people
Jobbik politicians
Hungarian Justice and Life Party politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
David Parry (born 23 March 1949) is an English conductor who is particularly known for their work in opera. Described as "a man of the theatre with whom directors love to work; they are good with singers; they know the British opera world like the back of their hand.  They are a controversial and outspoken defender of the operatic form, and a passionate advocate of opera in English", their work includes a large discography of complete opera recordings of rarely performed works made on the Opera Rara and Chandos record labels, as well as works recorded with well-known British and European orchestras. Parry is also a member of the support staff of the Cardiff International Academy of Voice
Early career
Parry was educated at Cambridge University and the Royal Academy of Music in London.
They explain how they became a conductor by way of wanting to be a singer: "Audrey Langford, who was a very important singing teacher in the 1960s and '70s, ran a rather good choir which they conducted herself, and with Ande Anderson, who was resident producer at Covent Garden, she'd founded the Kentish Opera Group..One day they simply said, "I think you ought to be a conductor....I'll give you a few lessons, and you can conduct my choir a bit." Well, they did, and I did, and there I was conducting La traviata. Geraint Evans came to hear it and told me that they thought there was something there and that I should go on conducting."
They continued conducting studies with Sergiu Celibidache in Spain, covering a wide repertory: "I did a lot of Beethoven Ninths....a lot of Spanish contemporary music, too, quite a lot of Handel..I even did the Spanish premiere of Britten's Peter Grimes..." and subsequently served on the conducting staffs of the Dortmund Opera, Opera North and Glyndebourne, and became Music Director of English Touring Opera from 1983 to 1987.
Work for Opera Rara and Chandos
Parry's name has become associated with Chandos Records's recordings of operas in English (principally underwritten by the Peter Moores Foundation), as well as Opera Rara's rare and unusual operas, many from the bel canto era of the early 19th century. The latter include the works of composers such as Vincenzo Bellini (La straniera where "David Parry leads the LPO in a
gripping account of a tricky piece"), Gioachino Rossini, Giovanni Pacini, Simon Mayr, and Saverio Mercadante. Of their recording of the latter composer's Emma d'Antiochia, one critic wrote:
"Conductor Parry seems to have an almost uncanny insight into music of the bel canto school, particularly in the selection of tempos.  They are rhythmically propulsive, always supportive of the singers, but not subject to their whims. Indeed, this is (as is so often true of Parry-led operas) a true ensemble effort."
Critical reaction to a recording of a rare Rossini opera, Ricciardo e Zoraide is instructive:
"David Parry has been part of the team for the last several recordings issued by Opera Rara and is one of the stalwarts, their enthusiasm and control forming the skeleton which the performers are able to flesh out with much panache"
Recent activities
In 1992, they founded the Almeida Opera Festival and remains the Artistic Director. Currently they are an Artistic Associate at the Norfolk and Norwich Festival and an Artistic Advisor to Opera Rara.
As a guest conductor, Parry has appeared with the English National Opera, Garsington Opera, the Glyndebourne Festival Opera, the Greek National Opera, the New Israeli Opera, Opera North, Portland Opera, the Royal Swedish Opera, the Staatsoper Hannover, the Staatstheater Stuttgart, the Teatro de la Zarzuela in Madrid, and Theater Basel among others.
They occasionally teach privately, and their students have included Stuart Stratford, Dominic Wheeler, Julian Perkins and Tom Hillary.
Awards
In 2006, the winner of the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production was Anthony Minghella's ENO production of Madama Butterfly, which Parry conducted.
Notes
External links
David Parry – official website
Michael Oliver, "The pure and lyrical", The Gramophone (London), November 2000. Retrieved 12 February 2010
Charlotte Higgins, "Wimps need not apply", The Guardian (London), 11 February 2005. Retrieved 12 February 2010
Parry's profile on Rayfield Allied website. Retrieved 7 December 2012
Parry's discography on cduniverse.com. Retrieved 12 February 2010
Charles H Parsons, "ARG Reviews Mercadante's Emma d'Antiochia ", 13 Nov 2004 on operatoday.com. Retrieved 12 February 2010
Joel Kasow, "A Bel Canto Explosion", 20 August 1998 on culturekiosque.com. Retrieved 12 February 2010
1949 births
Living people
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
English conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
Laurence Olivier Award winners
Music directors (opera)
21st-century British conductors (music)
Ethics Since 1900 is a 1960 book by the philosopher Mary Warnock, Baroness Warnock, in which the author provides an account of the history of ethics in the 20th century.
Reception
A. C. Ewing, Paul Welsh and James D. Bastable have reviewed the book.
References
1960 non-fiction books
Oxford University Press books
English-language books
Ethics books
Bhaiaji Superhit (; ) is a 2018 Bollywood Hindi-language action comedy film directed by Neerraj Pathak and produced by Chirag Dhariwal. The film features an ensemble cast including Sunny Deol, Preity Zinta, Arshad Warsi, Ameesha Patel, and Shreyas Talpade. Its music is presented by Zee Music. The film marks the comeback of Bollywood actor Preity Zinta after a 5-year hiatus from films.
Plot
A Varanasi based Don Lal Bhaisahab Dubey (Sunny Deol) dreams of seeing themselves on the big screen. To facilitate this mad affair, they seek the services of Goldie Kapoor (Arshad Warsi) and Tarun Porno Ghosh (Shreyas Talpade) who are playing a director and a writer respectively. Preity Zinta plays Sapna Dubey, Don Lal Bhaisahab Dubey's wife. Ameesha Patel plays Mallika Kapoor, an actor and tries to emulate Sapna Dubey.
Cast
Sunny Deol as Lal Bhaisahab Dubey (Bhaiaji 3D) / Funny Singh (double role)
Preity Zinta as Sapna Dubey
Arshad Warsi as Goldie Kapoor
Ameesha Patel as Mallika Kapoor
Shreyas Talpade as Tarun Porno Ghosh
Sanjay Mishra as Dr. Gyan Prakash Buddisagar
Pankaj Tripathi as Builder Gupta
Jaideep Ahlawat as Helicopter Mishra
Evelyn Sharma as Stephanie
Nawab Shah as Mishra's Goon
Manoj Joshi as Pollice Commissioner
Amit Mistry as Lucky Singh Laapata
Ranjeet as Sapna's father
Mukul Dev as Shakeel
Brijendra Kala 3D's uncle
Pankaj Jha as Gupta
Viivi Altonen
Production
Initial cast announced in 2011 included Sunny Deol, Ameesha Patel, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor and Prakash Raj. Release was scheduled for 2012. In May 2012, Hindi film website Bollywood Hungama reported that the director had approached Subhash Ghai after producer Fauzia refused to increase the film's budget by . Claims regarding the film being shelved were rejected by the film's cast and director. Ghai also denied that they were producing the film. In July of the same year, Kapoor left the project due to schedule conflicts with Shootout at Wadala and Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum. Initially Zinta was removed from the cast due to unavailability of dates on their side. Shreyas Talpade replaced Kapoor.
In April 2013, Zinta confirmed their participation in the production. They play the don's wife. A 45–days long shooting schedule, beginning in September 2013, was conducted in Udaipur, Rajasthan. Reportedly, in November 2013, there was a dispute between producer Mahendra Dhariwal and Deol. The latter wanted their remuneration before dubbing. Deol gave them the option that they could release the film under the banner of their production company Vijayta Films. Dharival consulted action director Tinu Verma, who advised that Deol should be paid and the project should be completed. However, shooting of a few of Zinta's scenes was delayed due to their involvement with the Indian Premier League. Kharaj Mukherjee will play the role of a police inspector. The director narrated the story to them over phone and they quickly agreed to join the project. Evelyn Sharma learnt Hindi by taking lessons for 2 hours a day. They also requested their friends to use only Hindi while conversing with them Deol will play a double role. The project was stalled for 4 years before June 2015, when it was reported that filming would resume in July 2015. It is scheduled for release in October 2018.
Soundtrack
The songs of the film are composed by Jeet Gannguli, Raghav Sachar, Amjad Nadeem, Sanjeev–Darshan and Neerraj Pathak and music produced by Aamir Khan, Aditya Dev, Chandan Saxena while the lyrics are written by Amjad Nadeem, Shabbir Ahmed, Kumaar, Neerraj Pathak and Sanjeev Chaturvedi.
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
2018 action comedy films
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films set in Uttar Pradesh
Indian action comedy films
Films scored by Raghav Sachar
Films scored by Jeet Ganguly
Films scored by Amjad Nadeem
Films scored by Sanjeev Darshan
In quantum and theoretical chemistry, an intruder state is a particular situation arising in perturbative evaluations, where the energy of the perturbers is comparable in magnitude to the energy associated to the zero order wavefunction. In this case, a divergent behavior occurs, due to the nearly zero denominator in the expression of the perturbative correction.
Multi-reference wavefunction methods are not immune. There are ways to identity them. The natural orbitals of the perturbation expansion are a useful diagnostic for detecting intruder state effects. Sometimes what appears to be an intruder state is simply a change in basis.
References
Perturbation theory
Theoretical chemistry
William Sandover (21 September 1822 – 5 March 1909) was a British hotelier and politician in South Australia, the father of Alfred Sandover MBE and great grandfather of Raymond Sandover DSO, ED.
History
They were born in Cornwood, Devon, England, on 21 September 1822, and spent most of their youth in London. They emigrated to South Australia on the Glenelg, arriving on 13 February 1849; William Morgan was a fellow-passenger. They joined the gold rush to Victoria and was moderately successful, and on their return took up hotel keeping.
In March 1854 William Sandover was granted the publican's licence for the Sturt Hotel, Grenfell Street, which was destroyed by fire some 18 months later. They retired twelve years later, and apart from parliamentary duties and three trips to England (on one of these visits, taken aboard the City of London, son Alfred was born), lived quietly at their home "Rosslyn" in Rose Park.
Politics
In April 1868 they were elected to the seat of Gumeracha in the Legislative Assembly, with Alexander Hay as colleague. They did not stand at the following election in 1870, but in September 1873 won the vacant seat on the Legislative Council caused by the death of John Bentham Neales. This was in the days when Legislative Council seats were voted for by the entire colony as a single electorate "The Province". They did not seek reelection at the end of their term in 1885.
Family
William Sandover (c. 1821 – 5 March 1909) married Mary Billing Bate (3 August 1823 – 19 August 1913) on 23 January 1854; they lived in Angas Street, Adelaide, later "Rosslyn", Rose Park. Among their five children were:
William Sandover Jr. (19 July 1856 – 23 May 1921) was a student at AEI, founded WA hardware merchants W. Sandover & Co., married Bertha Jewell (died 6 March 1895) on 20 December 1882. They left WA for England, where Bertha died. They married again, to Constance Atherton on 20 February 1896 and lived in Richmond, Surrey, England. They became the Mayor of the Municipal Borough of Richmond in 1905 and was also a member of Surrey County Council. The grandfather of Raymond Sandover, they died while returning from a visit to WA and SA, and was buried at sea.
Ellen Sandover (1861 – 24 July 1945) married Robert Henry Kay of 12 Portrush Road Marryatville on 4 August 1893
Elizabeth Sandover (1864 – 11 October 1940) educated at Mme. Marval's school, lived at Rose Park.
Alfred Sandover (24 November 1866 – 4 May 1958), partner and managing director WA hardware merchants W. Sandover & Co., philanthropist remembered as donor of Sandover Medal.
Their sister Louisa died 26 January 1877 aged 56 years
References
Australian hoteliers
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
1822 births
1909 deaths
19th-century Australian politicians
19th-century Australian businesspeople
Colonel General Bakhodir Khamidovich Tashmatov is an Uzbek military leader and security official. They were born in 1964 in the Uzbek SSR. They graduated from the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School, the Academy of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan, the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces, as well as the Fergana State University.
They served in various positions of command personnel in the troops of the Turkestan Military District of the Soviet Army and later throughout the 90s, served in leading positions of the Ministry of Defense. From 1999 to 2008 they commanded the troops of the military districts of the Ministry of Defense. From 2008 to 2011, they worked as First Deputy Minister of Defense and Chief of the General Staff, and then, from 2011 to 2013, Secretary of the National Security Council under the President of Uzbekistan. From 2013 to 2017, they served as First Deputy Minister of Defense to General Qobul Berdiyev. From 2017 to 2020, they were Commander of the National Guard of Uzbekistan. In 2020, headed the State Security Service of the President of Uzbekistan (SSBP). On 22 October 2020, they were appointed Deputy Secretary of the Security Council under the President for the development of the armed forces.
References
Chiefs of the General Staff (Uzbekistan)
Living people
Military personnel from Tashkent
1964 births
Government of Uzbekistan
Robert Bocking Stevens (8 June 1933 – 30 January 2021) was a British lawyer and academic.
Life
Stevens was educated at Oakham School and then at Keble College, Oxford, where they obtained their BA and BCL degrees. They were called to the bar in 1956 as a member of Gray's Inn. In 1958, they were awarded an LLM from Yale University. They then became a member of staff there, rising from assistant professor (1959–61) to associate professor (1961–65) and finally to professor (1965–76). They were then Provost of Tulane University, Louisiana from 1976 to 1978, when they became President of Haverford College, Pennsylvania, leaving there in 1987 to become Chancellor of the University of California, Santa Cruz. They left Santa Cruz in 1991, and in 1993 returned to England to take up office as Master of Pembroke College, Oxford. They were on the governing body of Abingdon School from 1994 to 2001.
They left the college in 2001, and was appointed an Honorary Fellow. Since 2001, they were a senior research fellow at the Constitution Unit of University College London.
Their writings include The Restrictive Practices Court (1965), In Search of Justice (1968), Welfare Medicine in America (1974), The American Law School (1983) and The English Judges (2002).
Their children with their first wife, Rosemary A. Stevens, are Carey Stevens and Richard Stevens. They were married to Kathie Booth Stevens (born 16 December 1948), a retired educator, art historian, and magistrate, until their death at Oxford in January 2021. Their daughter is the children's novelist Robin Stevens.
References
External links
Robert B. Stevens Papers (MS 1686). Manuscripts and Archives, Yale University Library.
2021 deaths
1933 births
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Members of Gray's Inn
British barristers
Yale University alumni
Yale University faculty
Tulane University faculty
Haverford College faculty
Chancellors of the University of California, Santa Cruz
Masters of Pembroke College, Oxford
Academics of University College London
Presidents of Haverford College
Governors of Abingdon School
Starts Brocēni is a Latvian football club. Currently it plays in the 2nd Latvian league under the name Saldus FK/Brocēni. It was one of the leading Latvian clubs in the 1960s and 1970s.
History
CSK Brocēni
The club was founded in 1961 in the small Latvian town of Brocēni as CSK Brocēni. In its first year the club won the Latvian Cup and finished 4th in the league. The following years were less successful for the club. In 1965–1967 it got three tenth-place finishes in a row.
Starts Brocēni
In 1980 Starts finished last in the Latvian league and was relegated. In 1982, they were back but faced another relegation as they earned 11 points over 24 matches. The 1980s were a bad decade for the club from Brocēni which played in lower Latvian leagues. Only in 1991 Starts again played in the top Latvian league and after finishing 9th from 20 clubs it earned a place in the first season of the newly independent Virslīga.
The first Virslīga season was not a big success for Brocēni - only 11th place from 12th teams and relegation to 1. līga. In 1994 Starts finished second in the first league and together with Kvadrāts Rīga returned to Virslīga. The return proved quite successful as Starts finished in 4th place, in 1996 they were 6th (as FC Starts Brocēni) but the club couldn't fulfill the financial requirements for the 1997 Virslīga season, so it was relegated to 1. liga.
FK Saldus
In 1997 when Brocēni had lost its place in Virslīga it relocated to the nearby city of Saldus and changed the club name to FK Saldus. From 1997 to 2000 Saldus played in the first league but before the 2001 it withdrew from the league and moved to the 2nd league, where the club plays until now.
FK Saldus/Brocēni
In 2004, the club changed name again by adding Brocēni to its name, thus proving the connection with the formerly popular name of Starts Brocēni. In 2005, the club earned a promotion to 1. liga but refused because of its financial limitations.
Honours
Honours
Latvian top league:
Winners: 1 (1968)
Runners-up: 1 (1973)
Latvian Cup:
Winners: 2 (1961, 1968)
Runners-up: 1 (1973)
References
Saldus
Football clubs in Latvia
1961 establishments in Latvia
Księginice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Księginice in Gmina Legnickie Pole, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Księginice in Gmina Lubin, Lubin County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Księginice in Gmina Miękinia, Środa Śląska County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Księginice in Gmina Trzebnica, Trzebnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Księginice in Gmina Kobierzyce, Wrocław County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
Blackford railway station served the village of Blackford, Perth and Kinross, Scotland from 1848 to 1956 on the Scottish Central Railway.
History
The station opened on 22 May 1848 by the Scottish Central Railway. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 11 June 1956.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Perth and Kinross
Former Caledonian Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1848
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1956
1848 establishments in Scotland
1956 disestablishments in Scotland
Deborah James (born March 13, 1971) is an American activist.  They are director of international programs at the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) and is on the Board of Directors of Global Exchange. Prior to their work for CEPR, James had been called "a top U.S. protest organizer" by the Center for Public Integrity. They were formerly the Director of the WTO Program at Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, the Global Economy Director at Global Exchange, and the Executive Director of the Venezuela Information Office.
Career
Global Exchange
In 1993, James became the Global Economy Director for Global Exchange and since then, has continued to contribute by serving the organization by being on the Board of Directors of Global Exchange.
Anti-globalization and opposition to WTO
During their time at Global Exchange, James opposed the expansion of NAFTA during the 1990s. James also contributed to the opposition of the expansion of the World Trade Organization at the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference of 1999 where Global Exchanged help organize the 1999 Seattle WTO protests, at the 2003 WTO meeting in Cancun and the 2005 WTO meeting in Hong Kong. The subject maintains the goals of the WTO for employment and prosperity have not been met.
Workers advocacy
During the fall of 1999, James led a campaign called the "Roast Starbucks Campaign" with Global Exchange to persuade Starbucks to use Fair trade coffee in every one of their stores. In an interview, James explained how the Global Exchange campaign included several demonstrations in cities and mailed in letters to Starbucks demanding the use of Fair trade coffee, all organized by Global Exchange. In the spring of 2000, Global Exchange halted its campaign after Starbucks signed an agreement with TransFairUS to offer Fair trade coffee. James also persuaded Procter & Gamble to use Fair Trade Certified coffee as well.
James also advocated for a living wage and suitable working conditions for workers of Nike, Inc. and Gap Inc. They also promoted the usage of Fair Trade chocolate in order to combat child slavery in the Ivory Coast.
Venezuela
In 2006, James wrote a publication for Global Exchange titled U.S. Intervention in Venezuela: A Clear and Present Danger, where they said the United States "undermines" Venezuela's democracy and social progress while also calling on United States citizens to counter this alleged "undermining". The Marxist magazine Political Affairs called James a "Venezuela expert" and that U.S. Intervention in Venezuela: A Clear and Present Danger "tells a shocking tale of US intervention in Venezuela's democratic process, examines a series of myths about Venezuela, and offers an explanation of the real concerns underlying the Bush administration's antagonism towards Venezuela" and how the publication "offers US citizens some concrete ways we can get involved". In the publication, James used some work from Eva Golinger's Chávez Code.
Venezuelan Information Office (VIO)
In 2004, James, with a starting salary of about $64,000 per year, became the Executive Director of the Venezuela Information Office (VIO), a lobbying agency in the United States run by the Venezuelan government that had a goal of improving the view of the Venezuelan government in the United States and had a stated mission "to prevent US intervention in Venezuela". While James was a Executive Director of the Venezuelan Information Office, they would organize solidarity groups, activists and protesters to support the image of the Venezuelan government and its policies while also lobbying for the Venezuelan government in the United States Congress.
Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR)
Following their time at the Venezuela Information Office, James moved to the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) where they are currently the Director of International Programs. James' contributions at the CEPR focus on the International Monetary Fund, the World Trade Organization, and U.S. policy towards Latin America.
References
Anti-globalization activists
American community activists
American political activists
Living people
University of California, San Diego alumni
George Washington University alumni
1971 births
Center for Economic and Policy Research
DXSW (91.1 FM), broadcasting as 91.1 Radyo Natin, is a radio station owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company. Its studios and transmitters are located along P. Castillo St., Brgy. Mangagoy, Bislig.
References
Radio stations in Surigao del Sur
Radio stations established in 2002
Roy Sherwood (11 June 1932 in Salisbury, Connecticut – 19 October 2017) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics. After their career, they worked as a referee for ski jumping competitions. In 2008 they were inducted into the American Ski Jumping Hall of Fame.
References
1932 births
2017 deaths
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
People from Salisbury, Connecticut
Ski jumpers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Rozovsky () is a masculine surname of Jewish origin, its feminine counterpart is Rozovskaya. It may refer to
Boris Rozovsky (born 1945), American applied mathematician
Eduard Rozovsky (1926–2011), Russian cinematographer and cameraman
Shmuel Rozovsky (1913–1979), Talmudic lecturer in Israel
Women's Super G World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Women's Super G World Cup 1987/88 all four results count.
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's Super-G discipline titles
Joe Bygraves (26 May 1931 – 16 January 2012) was a British heavyweight boxer. Bygraves turned professional in 1953, and after an impressive early career they successfully challenged Kitione Lave for the vacant Commonwealth Heavyweight belt in 1956. Bygraves defended the title on three occasions, knocking-out Henry Cooper and holding Dick Richardson to a draw before losing the championship to Joe Erskine. Bygraves immigrated to Britain as a youth but did not take British citizenship until the end of their fighting career in 1967.
Boxing career
Bygraves was born into a large family of 11 siblings, in Kingston, Jamaica in 1931. They immigrated to Britain at the age of 15 and settled in Liverpool. They began their amateur career at the age of 17 first as a light heavyweight and then moving up to the heavyweight division. They were successful at both weights, winning amateur county titles.
Bygraves turned professional in 1953, managed by Johnny Campbell, their first paid encounter was against Don Maxwell on 12 February. The fight lasted just 65 seconds, Bygraves winning by knockout. Bygraves won the next five fights, six and eight round encounters, mainly on points decisions, but they were stopped for the first time in their professional career by Joe Crickmar in a novice heavyweight competition. Despite the loss Bygraves' career continued to impress and by the end of 1954 they had accumulated 24 wins to only 4 losses. Their final fight of 1954 was a loss by points decision to Polly Smith, a fighter they had beaten just two months prior.
Bygraves began 1955 in the same way they ended 1954, with a loss. After several months away from the ring, Bygraves returned to face rising British fighter Henry Cooper. The eight round scheduled fight went the distance, with Cooper given the decision. Bygraves followed this with a string of four wins, including a victory over Tongan Kitione Lave, and their first fight outside the United Kingdom, a technical knockout of Hugo Salfeld in Germany. Bygraves then travelled to Italy, for a string of three fights. They lost the first to European Boxing Champion Franco Cavicchi when they were disqualified in the eighth round, but then took two victories when they beat Aldo Pellegrini in Milan and Uber Bacilieri in Bologna.
On 24 February 1956, Bygraves travelled to Sweden to face the then unbeaten Ingemar Johansson. The eight round contest ended in a points decision for Johansson. Two months later, Bygraves was back in a British ring, facing ex-British heavyweight champion Jack Gardner, whom they stopped in the second round. A second successive win, this time against Marcel Limage in Cardiff, gave Bygraves a shot at the vacant Commonwealth Heavyweight title. Despite living in Britain for near ten years, Bygraves was not allowed to fight for the British titles as they were not born there. Their opponent for the title fight was Kitione Lave, who they had beaten the previous year. Held at the Empire Pool in London on 26 June 1956, the match was scheduled for 15 rounds, the first time Bygraves had contested a fight of this length. The bout went the distance, with the judges declaring Bygraves the victor, and new Commonwealth champion.
Bygraves lost their next fight to American Wayne Bethea, and this was followed by a win over another ex-British Heavyweight champion, Johnny Williams. Their first title defence was on 19 February 1957, against Henry Cooper. The fight is regarded as one of Bygraves best of their career, stopping Cooper via technical knockout in the ninth round. Just three months later, Bygraves defended the Commonwealth belt again, on this occasion the challenger was Welshman Dick Richardson. The fight ended in a draw, and as holder Bygraves retained their title. Their third and final defence of their Commonwealth title again came from Wales, this time against Joe Erskine. As with the Richardson fight, the bout went the full fifteen rounds, but on this occasion the decision went to Erskine, stripping Bygraves of their title.
After the Erskine fight, Bygraves struggled for success, and in more and more fights they ended as the loser. They still faced some notable fighters included losses to Americans Willie Pastrano and Zora Folley, and another failed attempt at Ingemar Johansson. One of their last wins was over Olympic gold medalist Franco De Piccoli in 1963, and in 1965 they failed to beat Canadian heavyweight champion George Chuvalo at the Albert Hall in London. Their last recorded professional bout was against Hector Eduardo Corletti on 20 March 1967.
Professional boxing record
|-
|align="center" colspan=8|42 Wins (22 knockouts, 20 decisions), 28 Losses (7 knockouts, 21 decisions), 2 Draws
|-
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Result
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Record
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Opponent
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Type
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Round
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Date
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Location
| align="center" style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3"|Notes
|-align=center
|Loss
|
|align=left| Hector Eduardo Corletti
|PTS
|10
|20 Mar 1967
|align=left| London Hilton on Park Lane Hotel, Mayfair, London
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| George Chuvalo
|PTS
|10
|7 Dec 1965
|align=left| Royal Albert Hall, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Gerhard Zech
|PTS
|10
|6 Mar 1965
|align=left| Neue Sporthalle, Hannover, Lower Saxony
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Albert Westphal
|KO
|1
|13 Feb 1965
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Billy Walker
|DQ
|6
|28 Jan 1964
|align=left| The Olympia, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Gerhard Zech
|TKO
|9
|8 Nov 1963
|align=left| Sportpalast, Schoeneberg, Berlin
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Santo Amonti
|PTS
|10
|13 Sep 1963
|align=left| Palazzetto dello Sport, Rome, Lazio
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Ray Shiel
|DQ
|5
|22 Aug 1963
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Franco De Piccoli
|KO
|5
|7 Jun 1963
|align=left| Palazzetto dello Sport, Rome, Lazio
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Bill Nielsen
|TKO
|6
|21 Apr 1963
|align=left| Johanneshovs Isstadion, Stockholm
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Wim Snoek
|PTS
|10
|8 Apr 1963
|align=left| Rotterdam
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Karl Mildenberger
|PTS
|3
|30 Nov 1962
|align=left| Festhalle Frankfurt, Frankfurt, Hesse
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Wayne Bethea
|UD
|10
|22 Sep 1962
|align=left| The National Stadium, Kingston, Jamaica
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Ingemar Johansson
|TKO
|7
|9 Feb 1962
|align=left| Maesshallen Sports Hall, Gothenburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Alex Barrow
|KO
|2
|4 Dec 1961
|align=left| Granby Halls, Leicester, Leicestershire
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Gerhard Zech
|TKO
|4
|3 Nov 1961
|align=left| Ernst Merck Halle, Hamburg
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Franco Cavicchi
|PTS
|10
|27 Jun 1960
|align=left| Bologna, Emilia-Romagna
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Joe Hemphill
|PTS
|8
|18 May 1960
|align=left| Chicago Stadium, Chicago, Illinois
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Roy Harris
|UD
|10
|25 Aug 1959
|align=left| Sam Houston Coliseum, Houston, Texas
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Giacomo Bozzano
|PTS
|10
|19 Apr 1959
|align=left| Velodromo Vigorelli, Milan, Lombardy
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Feleti Fred Kaho
|TKO
|7
|2 Mar 1959
|align=left| Farrer Street Stadium, Middlesbrough, Yorkshire
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Zora Folley
|TKO
|9
|24 Nov 1958
|align=left| Granby Halls, Leicester, Leicestershire
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Willie Pastrano
|PTS
|10
|21 Apr 1958
|align=left| Granby Halls, Leicester, Leicestershire
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Joey Armstrong
|TKO
|3
|10 Feb 1958
|align=left| Leeds, Yorkshire
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Joe Erskine
|PTS
|15
|25 Nov 1957
|align=left| Granby Halls, Leicester, Leicestershire
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Kitione Lave
|PTS
|10
|18 Sep 1957
|align=left| Pontypridd
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Heinz Neuhaus
|DQ
|6
|15 Jun 1957
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Draw
|
|align=left| Dick Richardson
|PTS
|15
|27 May 1957
|align=left| Maindy Stadium, Cardiff
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| George Chuvalo
|PTS
|10
|7 Dec 1965
|align=left| Royal Albert Hall, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Henry Cooper
|KO
|9
|19 Feb 1957
|align=left| Earls Court Arena, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Johnny Williams
|TKO
|6
|16 Nov 1956
|align=left| Belle Vue Zoological Gardens, Belle Vue, Manchester
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Wayne Bethea
|TKO
|5
|24 Sep 1956
|align=left| St. Nicholas Arena, New York City
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Kitione Lave
|PTS
|15
|26 Jun 1956
|align=left| Empire Pool, Wembley, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Marcel Limage
|RTD
|8
|7 May 1956
|align=left| Maindy Stadium, Cardiff
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Jack Gardner
|TKO
|2
|24 Apr 1956
|align=left| Earls Court Arena, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Ingemar Johansson
|PTS
|8
|24 Feb 1956
|align=left| Masshallen, Gothenburg
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Uber Bacilieri
|PTS
|10
|23 Jan 1956
|align=left| Bologna, Emilia-Romagna
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Aldo Pellegrini
|KO
|1
|17 Dec 1955
|align=left| Palasport di San Siro, Milan, Lombardy
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Franco Cavicchi
|DQ
|8
|31 Oct 1955
|align=left| Palazzo dello Sport, Bologna, Emilia-Romagna
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Kitione Lave
|PTS
|8
|19 Sep 1955
|align=left| Perry Barr Stadium, Birmingham, West Midlands
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hugo Salfeld
|TKO
|5
|4 Sep 1955
|align=left| Westfalenhallen, Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Peter Bates
|PTS
|8
|6 Jun 1955
|align=left| Nottingham Ice Stadium, Nottingham, Nottinghamshire
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Eddie Hearn
|KO
|4
|5 May 1955
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Henry Cooper
|PTS
|8
|18 Apr 1955
|align=left| Manor Place Baths, Walworth, London
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Ed "Polly" Smith
|PTS
|8
|4 Nov 1954
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Fred Powell
|PTS
|8
|25 Oct 1954
|align=left| Carmarthen Market Hall, Carmarthen
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ed "Polly" Smith
|PTS
|8
|12 Oct 1954
|align=left| Royal Albert Hall, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Paddy Slavin
|PTS
|8
|2 Oct 1954
|align=left| King's Hall, Belfast
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Clair Redmond
|KO
|3
|19 Aug 1954
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Peter Bates
|PTS
|8
|2 Jul 1954
|align=left| Belle Vue Zoological Gardens, Belle Vue, Manchester
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Frank Bell
|PTS
|8
|30 Apr 1954
|align=left| Belle Vue Zoological Gardens, Belle Vue, Manchester
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Paddy Slavin
|PTS
|8
|14 Apr 1954
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Terry O'Connor
|TKO
|3
|30 Mar 1954
|align=left| Earls Court Arena, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Joe Crickmar
|PTS
|8
|18 Mar 1954
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Terry McDonald
|KO
|1
|12 Mar 1954
|align=left| Belle Vue Zoological Gardens, Belle Vue, Manchester
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Albert Finch
|PTS
|8
|23 Feb 1954
|align=left| Royal Albert Hall, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Paddy Slavin
|PTS
|8
|11 Feb 1954
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Simon Templar
|PTS
|8
|18 Dec 1953
|align=left| Tower Circus, Blackpool, Lancashire
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Fred Powell
|TKO
|7
|10 Nov 1953
|align=left| Empress Hall, Earl's Court, Kensington, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Cliff Purnell
|KO
|2
|29 Oct 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Peter Toch
|TKO
|3
|20 Oct 1953
|align=left| Streatham Ice Arena, Streatham, London, England
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| George Stern
|DQ
|3
|8 Oct 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Cliff Purnell
|PTS
|6
|17 Sep 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hugh Ferns
|PTS
|6
|3 Sep 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Alex Roman
|TKO
|1
|13 Aug 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Joe Crickmar
|TKO
|5
|16 Jul 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Loss
|
|align=left| Joe Crickmar
|KO
|2
|9 Jun 1953
|align=left| White City Stadium, White City, London
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Peter McMann
|TKO
|1
|14 May 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Wally Curtis
|PTS
|8
|23 Apr 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Ken Wyatt
|PTS
|6
|9 Apr 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Les Johnson
|PTS
|6
|26 Mar 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Hugh Ferns
|PTS
|6
|12 Mar 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|-
|Win
|
|align=left| Don Maxwell
|KO
|1
|12 Feb 1953
|align=left| Liverpool Stadium, Liverpool, Merseyside
|align=left|
|}
References
* Biography
Empire Title For Joe Bygraves 1956 British Pathe
1931 births
2012 deaths
Heavyweight boxers
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
Boxers from Liverpool
Jamaican emigrants to the United Kingdom
British male boxers
is a professional football club based in Niigata, Japan. Formed in 1955 as Niigata Eleven SC, it was renamed Albireo Niigata FC in 1995, and Albirex Niigata in 1997. Since 2018, the first division team has competed in the J2 League, the second tier of Japanese football.
History
For many years it had been a local autonomous amateur club, Niigata 11, that could never hope to see the light of day in an old Japan Soccer League dominated almost entirely by company teams. The creation of the J. League spurred the club to rise, and in the 1990s it began climbing fast through the divisions.
In 1998, Albirex Niigata joined the Japan Football League, and was merged into the J2 league after its creation in 1999. The team gradually became competitive and in 2001 and 2002 it came close to getting promoted to J1 and in 2003, it became the champion of J2 and finally joined the top flight.
The team name is made from combining the star Albireo of the constellation Cygnus (the Swan) and the Latin word Rex meaning 'king'. In 1997, due to copyright issues, the team name was changed from Albireo Niigata to the current Albirex Niigata.
In 2007, the uniform colour changed. Until 2006, the uniform was orange – blue – orange, but in 2007 the color became orange – orange – orange. This coordinate has not been adopted since 1996 when the team professionalized.
The success of Albirex Niigata had a big impact on the entire Japanese sporting world, including professional baseball. It showed people were more excited than expected for sports in local cities without the population of the metropolitan area in the past, and local citizens feelings influenced many other sports in the region.
Team name transition
Niigata Eleven SC (Soccer Club) (1955)
Albireo Niigata FC (1995)
Albirex Niigata (1997)
Stadium
Joining the J. League in 1999, its home towns are Niigata and Seiro. Until 2003, it used Niigata Perfectural Sport Ground as the home ground but since 2004, the team began using Niigata Stadium Big Swan as well and now plays most of its games there. In 2003, it set a record for highest attendance in the J. League with the cumulative total of around 660,000. Its practice grounds are Albirex's training facilities in Seiro Albillage and the in Shibata.
The club plays its home games in the Niigata Stadium "Big Swan", which is currently called Denka Big Swan Stadium through a sponsorship deal. The stadium was opened in 2001, and has a capacity of 42,300. Prior to this the club had played its matches in the Niigata City Athletic Stadium constructed in 1938 with a capacity of 18,000.
The stadium was the site of two first round matches and one Round of 16 match in the past 2002 FIFA World Cup. It was also the venue for the 2009 National Sports Festival.
Current squad
Out on loan
Notable players
Technical staff
Managerial history
Correct as 25 September 2022
Honours
J. League Division 2
Champions (1): 2003
Hokushinetsu Football League
Champions (3): 1986, 1996, 1997
Runners-up (1): 1992
Shakaijin Cup
Runners-up (1): 1995
Kit evolution
Affiliated clubs
Since 2004, Albirex Niigata has selected a number of players for its satellite team in the Singapore Premier League. Albirex also has a women's team and joined L2 league (an equivalent of J2) in 2004. Albirex Ladies won the L2 title in 2006, and went on to join L1 in 2007.
The following clubs are affiliated with Albirex Niigata:
Albirex Niigata Ladies (Japan Women's Football League)
Japan Soccer College (Hokushinetsu Football League)
Albirex Niigata Singapore FC (Singapore Premier League)
In addition to the J-1 Albirex Niigata football team, there is a Niigata Albirex basketball club in the B.League, as well as a ski, snowboard, baseball, and track and field team. Though the teams share the same name, management and finances are completely separate for each team.
References
External links
Official website
J.League clubs
Football clubs in Japan
Association football clubs established in 1955
Sports teams in Niigata Prefecture
Multi-sport clubs in Japan
1955 establishments in Japan
Japan Football League (1992–1998) clubs
Articles which contain graphical timelines
Farmer Al Falfa (also known as Farmer Alfalfa), the quintessential grizzly old farmer type, is an animated cartoon character created by American cartoonist Paul Terry. They first appeared in Down On the Phoney Farm (1915), a short Terry cartoon distributed by the Thanhouser Company. Next came a series of shorts produced by Terry for Bray Studios, starting with Farmer Al Falfa's Cat-Tastrophe (1916).
After leaving Bray, Terry retained the character, making new shorts for Edison and Paramount over the few years following. Terry then used Farmer Al Falfa frequently during the 1920s for their Aesop's Film Fables series, the character's most prolific period. By this time, the Farmer had been redesigned to allow simplified animation, necessary as the Fables were released by Pathé on a weekly basis. The Farmer's head and arms could be drawn on a separate cel while the rest of their body was drawn on another, a technique anticipating the limited animation of TV cartoons. When Terry made the transition to sound, so did the Farmer. The first publicly released sound cartoon, Dinner Time, featured Farmer Al Falfa as an irritable butcher who had to fend off a pack of hungry hounds. However, the short failed to grasp the public's interest like Walt Disney's Steamboat Willie, released one month later.
In 1929, Terry left their producer, Amadee J. Van Beuren to open their own studio, with distribution covered by Educational Pictures. The farmer was again revived in 1930, beginning with French Fried, and continuing until 1937, in which the character would only appear irregularly until 1955.
For roughly a year, the farmer continued to appear in Van Beuren's cartoons, now being made by former Terry associates John Foster and Mannie Davis (both of whom would rejoin Terry a few years later.) Terry threatened legal action against their former producer, as the character was established as their own property, not Van Beuren's; and the farmer stopped appearing in Van Beuren's films. But as Terry's studio began to grow and develop, Farmer Al Falfa wore out their welcome and was subsequently all but retired. The Farmer never entirely disappeared, though; they were featured as a supporting player in the first two Heckle and Jeckle cartoons, released in 1946, and starred in Uranium Blues (1956) ten years later.
In the fall of 1958, the white-bearded protagonist starred in the syndicated television program Farmer Al Falfa and their Terrytoon Pals, a compilation of the earlier black and white Terry shorts. Though no longer for sale in the mainstream television market, most of the early cartoons, the silents in particular, have surfaced on public domain compilations including, most notably, Video Yesteryear's Cartoonal Knowledge VHS series from the 1980s.
In the early 1950s, the character was unofficially rechristened "Farmer Gray", probably by Fred Sayles, the host of a children's program called Junior Frolics on station WATV in Newark, New Jersey, Sayles certainly named some of the subsidiary characters (presumably previously nameless), e.g., "Bumpy" the donkey, "Casper" and "Bad Mike", the cats, and "Marty" and "Millie", the mice.
In mid-1950s Terrytoons comics, the character was also briefly rechristened "Farmer Gray", presumably in an effort to capitalize on "Junior Frolics". But the renaming in comics did not last—it was done inconsistently (sometimes changing from month to month), and by the late 1950s, the character's original name was back permanently.
Farmer Al Falfa was going to have a cameo in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, alongside other Terrytoons characters such as Mighty Mouse, Heckle and Jeckle, and others, but rights to the character could not be obtained in time.
See also
Farmer Al Falfa filmography
Animation Before Hollywood: The Silent Period
Humbug
References
Crafton, Donald (1993): Before Mickey: The Animated Film, 1898-1928. University of Chicago Press.
Maltin, Leonard (1987): Of Mice and Magic: A History of American Animated Cartoons. Penguin Books.
External links
Farmer Al Falfa at the Internet Movie Database
Film characters introduced in 1915
Film series introduced in 1915
Animated film series
Fictional farmers
Terrytoons characters
Van Beuren Studios
Male characters in animation
Bray Productions film series
Animated characters introduced in 1915
Howard Satterwhite (born May 24, 1953) is a former American football wide receiver. They played for the New York Jets in 1976 and for the Baltimore Colts in 1977.
References
1953 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Sam Houston State Bearkats football players
New York Jets players
Baltimore Colts players
Pushpa Mittra Bhargava (22 February 1928 – 1 August 2017) was an Indian scientist, writer, and administrator. They founded the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, a federally funded research institute, in Hyderabad. They were outspoken and highly influential in the development of scientific temper in India, and argued that scientific rationalism needed to be cultivated as a civic duty.
Life
Early life
Bhargava was born in Ajaymeru (Rajasthan) on 22 February 1928 in a middle-class family, to Ram Chandra Bhargava, a medical doctor and public health professional, and their wife, Gayatri Bhargava. At age ten, their family shifted to Varanasi, where they were formally admitted to Besant Theosophical School directly to class nine. Until then they were home educated under the tutelage of their grandfather. After school, they completed intermediate from Queen's College, one of the best institutions in Uttar Pradesh at that time. They received their B.Sc. in 1944 with Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, and obtained an M.Sc. degree in 1946 in organic chemistry. They joined Lucknow University for doctoral programme and earned Ph.D. in synthetic organic chemistry in 1949, at age 21.
Career
After completing Ph.D. at Lucknow University, Bhargava moved to Hyderabad. Between 1950 and 1953 they worked first at the then Central Laboratories for Scientific and Industrial Research, and then at Osmania University, both at Hyderabad. In 1953, they went to US on a postdoctoral fellowship in the McArdle Memorial Laboratory of Cancer Research, University of Wisconsin, Madison (US), working in the laboratory of Charles Heidelberger. During 1956–57, they worked at National Institute for Medical Research, UK, as a special Wellcome Trust Research Fellow and made a transition from chemistry to biology. In 1958, they returned to Hyderabad and joined the same Central Laboratories for Scientific and Industrial Research which was by now taken over by Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and named Regional Research Laboratory (now known as Indian Institute of Chemical Technology) as Scientist B.
Bhargava worked in the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany, and travelled in over 50 countries. They produced more than 125 scientific publications. Most of their research career was carried out in Hyderabad where they established the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) in 1977. They retired from the directorship of CCMB in 1990 to join the newly created CSIR Distinguished Fellowship from which they were relieved in 1993.
Establishment of CCMB
Bhargava set up the Centre of Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) in Hyderabad, Telangana. CCMB is a research organization in areas of modern biology. It was set up initially as a semi-autonomous centre on 1 April 1977, with the Biochemistry Division of the then Regional Research Laboratory (presently, Indian Institute of Chemical Technology), Hyderabad forming its nucleus and Bhargava heading the new Centre. During 1981–82, CCMB was accorded the status of a full-fledged national laboratory with its own Executive Committee and Scientific Advisory Council.
policymaker in Indian science
Bhargava was a well-known critic of Indian governmental policies, and attained the post of vice-chairperson in the National Knowledge Commission. They served as a member in the National Security Advisory Board and nominee of the Supreme Court of India on the Genetic Engineering Appraisal Committee of the Government of India. They opposed the hasty approval of GM foods in India, and called for more testing and setting up of an independent regulatory body for generation of biosafety data of GM crops. They also opposed the Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) Bill, calling it "unconstitutional, unethical, unscientific, self-contradictory, and not people-oriented". They were the only scientist in the CSIR who had the will to support Shiva Ayyadurai, an expatriate scientist who was sacked from the CSIR by Samir Brahmachari when they authored a report that was critical of the CSIR leadership, alleging corruption, cronyism and nepotism. On 30 October 2009, they wrote a personal letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh requesting them to meet with Ayyadurai and review their report. They stated in their letter: "I have gone through Dr. Ayyadurai's report CSIR Tech: Path Forward and find it to be excellent." They also wrote in their letter that they believed Ayyadurai's criticisms on the functioning of CSIR were valid.
Rationalism and science popularisation
Bhargava has long been involved in the promotion of science and rationality and opposing superstition. They have been associated with the Association of Scientific Workers in India (ASWI) which was established in 1946 as a trade union of scientists, one of the main objectives of which was to develop scientific temper.
In 1963, Bhargava, along with Satish Dhawan and Abdur Rahman, the historian of science, felt the need to set up a national society for the promotion of scientific temper. Thus they launched the Society for the Promotion of Scientific Temper at an international symposium on nucleic acids held in the then Regional Research Laboratory at Hyderabad in January 1964.
Bhargava has participated in many debates related to science and superstitions and criticised the deplorable lack of scientific temper in society. They have been one of a few rationalists in India to raise voice against influential religious priests and gurus. Their book The Angels, Devil and Science deals with the very subject of scientific temper in India. They played an important role in having scientific temper incorporated as a fundamental duty of the citizens of India, in the 42nd constitutional amendment in 1976. They were one of the key architects of the widely known 'Statement on Scientific temper', issued jointly by a group of liberal, committed and rational high-achievers of the country. The statement issued in 1981, has not only been debated and discussed in several forums, but continues to be referred to in writings and speeches even today.
During the NDA rule in 2000, the Government of India decided to ask universities to introduce academic courses and offer science degrees in astrology. Bhargava and others, who are not named, filed a writ petition to oppose it. To write petition was dismissed by the Andhra Pradesh High Court, and the Justice Sinha did not impose any punitive costs for bringing this meritless petition to the court. Bhargava also challenged the concerned Ministry in the Supreme Court through a Public Interest Litigation which was dismissed by the Supreme Court of India.
Death
Bhargava died on 1 August 2017, aged 89 at Hyderabad, India.
Awards
Bhargava received Padma Bhushan from the President of India in 1986, but returned it in 2015 as an act of protest against the Indian government's active erosion of spaces for dissent within the country.
Books
The books co-authored by Bhargava include:
Proteins of Seminal Plasma, published by John Wiley, New York (1990); co-authors S. Shivaji, Karl Heinz Scheit,
The Saga of Indian Science since Independence: In a Nutshell, published by Universities Press (2003); co-author Chandana Chakrabarti,
Angels, Devil, and Science: A Collection of Articles on Scientific Temper, published by National Book Trust (2007); co-author Chandana Chakrabarti,
Agenda for the Nation: An Untold Story of the UPA Government, published by Mapin Publishing Pvt.Ltd. (2014); co-author Chandana Chakrabarti,
The Two Faces of Beauty: Science and Art, published by Mapin Publishing Pvt.Ltd. (2014); co-author Chandana Chakrabarti,
References
1928 births
2017 deaths
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in medicine
Indian biotechnologists
Fellows of the National Academy of Medical Sciences
Indian medical researchers
People from Ajmer
Scientists from Rajasthan
Indian rationalists
20th-century Indian biologists
Adál Alberto Maldonado (November 1, 1948December 9, 2020), styled as ADÁL, was a photographer who lived and worked in New York City and Puerto Rico. Primarily a portrait photographer, their works focused on the concept of identity. They also worked on musical performances and installations. Maldonado is associated with the Nuyorican movement.
Maldonado was born in Utuado, Puerto Rico, on November 1, 1948. Their family moved to Trenton, New Jersey, when they were 13, and then to the Bronx when they were 17.
Among Maldonado's works is a mixed-media installation and website titled El Puerto Rican Embassy (1994), developed in collaboration with Pedro Pietri. (According to Acosta-Belén and Santiago, the concept is due to Eduardo Figueroa.) For the project, Maldonado and Pietri created a Puerto Rican passport and named ambassadors for Puerto Rico.
Publications
References
1948 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American photographers
21st-century American photographers
People from Trenton, New Jersey
People from Utuado, Puerto Rico
Fibulin (FY-beau-lin) (now known as Fibulin-1 FBLN1) is the prototypic member of a multigene family, currently with seven members. Fibulin-1 is a calcium-binding glycoprotein. In vertebrates, fibulin-1 is found in blood and extracellular matrices. In the extracellular matrix, fibulin-1 associates with basement membranes and elastic fibers. The association with these matrix structures is mediated by its ability to interact with numerous extracellular matrix constituents including fibronectin, proteoglycans, laminins and tropoelastin. In blood, fibulin-1 binds to fibrinogen and incorporates into clots.
Fibulins are secreted glycoproteins that become incorporated into a fibrillar extracellular matrix when expressed by cultured cells or added exogenously to cell monolayers. The five known members of the family share an elongated structure and many calcium-binding sites, owing to the presence of tandem arrays of epidermal growth factor-like domains. They have overlapping binding sites for several basement-membrane proteins, tropoelastin, fibrillin, fibronectin and proteoglycans, and they participate in diverse supramolecular structures. The amino-terminal domain I of fibulin consists of three anaphylatoxin-like (AT) modules, each approximately 40 residues long and containing four or six cysteines. The structure of an AT module was determined for the complement-derived anaphylatoxin C3a, and was found to be a compact alpha-helical fold that is stabilized by three disulphide bridges in the pattern Cys14, Cys25 and Cys36 (where Cys is cysteine). The bulk of the remaining portion of the fibulin molecule is a series of nine EGF-like repeats.
Genes
FBLN1, FBLN2, FBLN3, FBLN4, FBLN5, FBLN7 and HMCN1 is also known as "fibulin-6".
References
External links
Protein domains
Blood proteins
Atsaysky datsan "Tubden Darzhaling" is one of the oldest Buddhist Gelug monasteries in Buryatia, which operated from 1743 to 1935.
History
In 1743, in the north-east side of Goose Lake, in the mouth of the river Zagustay Selenge Buryats, put the temple arc represent a felt yurt.
The first shireete (superiors) are Lama, who arrived from Tibet.
Later wooden Tsogchen arc was built, with the Tibetan name Tubden Darzhaling.
In the 1930s during the anti-religious persecution lamas were persecuted, and they were eliminated datsan decision.
By 1945, all the buildings of the complex were demolished.
Revival
In 2012-2014, the Palace complex erected White Tara.
The temple-Dugan conducted daily services.
External links
Ацайский дацан
Глубокая вера. На дне озера в Бурятии ищут древний буддийский храм
Buildings and structures built in the Soviet Union
Buddhist monasteries in Russia
Gelug monasteries
Buildings and structures in Buryatia
Buddhism in the Soviet Union
Demolished buildings and structures in Russia
Aksungur is a village in the Osmangazi district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Osmangazi District
Igor Mikhailovich Diakonoff (; 12 January 1915 – 2 May 1999) was a Russian historian, linguist, and translator and a renowned expert on the Ancient Near East and its languages. Their last name is occasionally spelled Diakonov. (a better transliteration, since Russian family names do not end in -ff) Their brothers were also distinguished historians.
Life and career
Diakonoff was brought up in Norway. They graduated from Leningrad State University (now Saint Petersburg State University) in 1938. In the same year they joined the staff of the Hermitage Museum in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg). In 1949 they published a comprehensive study of Assyria, followed in 1956 by a monograph on Media. Later on, they teamed up with the linguist Sergei Starostin to produce authoritative studies of the Caucasian, Afroasiatic, and Hurro-Urartian languages.
Diakonoff was honored in 2003 with a festschrift volume published in their memory, edited by Lionel Bender, Gábor Takács, and David Appleyard. In addition to articles on Afro-Asiatic languages, it contains a five-page list of their publications compiled by Takács.
Family
Diakonoff's family members are known for their contributions to various fields of knowledge, both sciences and humanities.
Their wife and two sons became well-known researchers and achieved ranks of full professors.
Brother's family
Igor's brother Mikhail Mikhailovich Diakonoff was an authority in Iranian studies.
Mikhail Diakonoff's daughter Elena Diakonova is a translator from Old and Modern Japanese.
Wives
Igor's first wife Nina Dyakonova (1915–2013) was an historian and critic of English literature, with a special interest in English Romantic poetry of the early 19th century (Keats, Byron, Shelley) and its reception in European and Russian literature. A student of Professors Viktor Zhirmunsky and Mikhail Alexeyev, they were a professor at their alma mater Saint Petersburg State University, and later, teacher-training Herzen University.
Second wife Ninel Yankovskaya (1925–2005) was a historian, assyriologist in the State Hermitage Museum.
Sons
Igor's sons became prominent physicists.
Mikhail Dyakonov (born 1940) - Doctor of Physical and Mathematical Sciences, Chief Researcher\Honorary Fellow of the St. Petersburg Abram Ioffe Physicotechnical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and after that, since 1998 professor at the University of Montpellier, laureate of the State Prize of the USSR;
(1949-2012) - Doctor of Physics and Mathematics, Deputy Head of the Sector of Theoretical Physics of High Energies, Professor B. P. Konstantinov St. Petersburg Nuclear Physics Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Selected bibliography
1965. Semito-Hamitic Languages. Moscow: Nauka.
1984. Co-authored with V.P. Neroznak. Phrygian. Delmar, New York: Caravan Books.
1985. "On the original home of the speakers of Indo-European." Journal of Indo-European Studies 13, pp. 92–174.
1986. Co-authored with Sergei A. Starostin. Hurro-Urartian as an Eastern Caucasian Language. Munich: R. Kitzinger.
1988. Afrasian Languages. Moscow: Nauka.
1992. Co-authored with Olga Stolbova and Alexander Militarev. Proto-Afrasian and Old Akkadian: A Study in Historical Phonetics. Princeton: Institute of Semitic Studies.
1995. Archaic Myths of the Orient and the Occident. Acta universitatis gothoburgensis.
1999. The Paths of History. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Sources
Dandamayev, M.A., Mogens T. Larsen, and J. Nicholas Postgate (editors). 1982. Societies and Languages of the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of I.M. Diakonoff. Warminster: Aris and Philipps.
Bender, M. Lionel and Gábor Takács (editors). 2003. Selected Comparative-Historical Afrasian Linguistic Studies in Memory of Igor M. Diakonoff. Munich: Lincom Europa.
References
External links
Article on Diakonoff from Encyclopædia Iranica
Diakonoff as a translator (in Russian)
1915 births
1999 deaths
Writers from Saint Petersburg
People from Sankt-Peterburgsky Uyezd
Russian historians
Russian orientalists
Linguists from Russia
Linguists from the Soviet Union
Paleolinguists
Soviet historians
20th-century translators
Linguists of Caucasian languages
Linguists of Afroasiatic languages
Linguists of Hurro-Urartian languages
Indo-Europeanists
Linguists of Indo-European languages
Burials at Bogoslovskoe Cemetery
20th-century linguists
Wateni (or Waténi) is a rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 211 square kilometers and includes ten villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,701. The village of N'Tjila, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 94 km west-northwest of Sikasso.
History
The name Wateni was given to the commune by a meeting of the eleven village chiefs in memory of the founder of the historical kingdom of Ganadougou: Wateni Diallo (pronounced waat-e-nay djia-low)
The rural commune Wateni was created on November 4, 1996 by law No 96-059, for the creation of communes in Mali.
Geography
The Rural Commune Wateni is located North-West of Niena.
The commune is bordered in the north by the commune of Benkadi and in the south and south-east by the rural commune of Niena, and in the north-east by the commune of Blendio, and in the west by the cercle of Bougouni.
The commune is composed of ten villages: N'tjilla (commune capital), Bougoulaba, Tiala, M'pankourou, Fougani, Diegui, Miambougou, Mononomo, Sibirila, and Chokoro.
The capitol of the commune, N'tjilla, is located 7 km off Route 7 from Bamako to Zegoua. N'tjilla is 23 km from Niena, 98 km from Sikasso (the capital of the Sikasso region or cercle), and 295 km from Bamako, the national capital.
The commune covers an area of 200 square kilometers. It is situated in the Sahel WITH two main seasons: dry season (from the end of October to the end of April) and rainy season (from May through the beginning of October). The annual rain fall varies between 800 and 1500 mm.
Demography
As of a 2009 Census, the commune has a population of 6,701. The population consists of 3352 men and 3349 women. In 1998, it had a population of 5,152, which is a rate of 2.4% growth per annum.
The population is composed of a majority of Fulani and Bambara ethnic groups who co-habitate peacefully. They are farmers and animal breeders.
Social situation
The social structure is dominated by a traditional chief, or dugutigi. Beneath the village chief, each village has various cultural associations divided by gender and age group. In addition to village associations, there are youth associations, women's associations, and development associations.
Although Bambara language is the official language in the commune, the primary language is Gana, named after the kingdom of Ganadougou.
The illiteracy rate is very high. Stories, history, and legends are transmitted orally between generations. The caste responsible for keeping the oral tradition alive is called the griot.
Traditional musical instruments are often played at parties and holidays: balafon, boli, kamale n'goni and guida.
The commune contains several tourist sites: Djinemini, belekeli, kokoni, sacred forests, and the resting place of Ganadougou's founding father Wateni Diallo.
Civil society
CMDT (Compagnie Malienne pour le Developpement du Textile) has created a Village Associations in every village in the commune. These groups are charged with growing, harvesting, and selling cotton to CMDT.
Former citizens of the Commune Wateni have an association called the "Association des Ressoritissants de Wateni" (ARW) which is located in Bamako.
Economy
The principal economic activities in the Commune are agriculture, fishing, bee-keeping, gardening, and small business. The main crops are: dry cereals (millet, sorghum, rice, and corn) and revenue generating crops (cotton, peanuts, and beans).
Animal breeding is the second largest activity after agriculture. Animals bred in the commune include cattle, sheep, goats, and poultry. The cattle are traded as close as Niena and Koumantou and as far away as Bamako and Côte d'Ivoire.
There is a local market for crafts, including pottery, cloth, and leather work. These products are not of a quality that can be traded much outside of the commune.
Fishing in the area is often done by Bozo people from neighboring regions who come to fish in the river Bogoe and sell their products in neighboring Niena.
The commune Wateni has two weekly markets: N'tjilla has a market every Wednesday and Bougoulaa has a market every Saturday.
The roads in the commune, except for the road connecting N'tjilla to Dougoukolobougou on the main paved road, are poorly maintained trails which are insufficient for transport in large vehicles.
The lines of communication between the villages are also poor due to erratic cell phone coverage. The road between N'tjilla and Dougoukolobougou is the only road that is passable during all seasons without difficulty. This 7 km road was leveled, widened, and had drainage installed in 2004.
Religion
Although Islam is the dominant religion, there are also Christians and Animists present.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Ian James Forrester Mortimer, (born 22 September 1967) is a British historian and writer of historical fiction.  They are best known for their book The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England, which became a Sunday time bestseller in paperback in 2010.
Biography
Mortimer was born in Petts Wood, and was educated at Eastbourne College, the University of Exeter (BA, PhD, DLitt) and University College London (MA). Between 1993 and 2003 they worked for several major research institutions, including the Royal Commission on Historical Manuscripts, the University of Exeter and the University of Reading. Their first publications were poems, published in various literary magazines. In 2000 their work '31 December 1999' was awarded the University of Exeter's prize for a 'poem for the Millennium', open to all present and past students of the university, and judged by the then poet laureate, Andrew Motion.
From 2003 to 2009 they published a sequence of biographies of medieval political leaders: first Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March, then Edward III, and Henry IV, in addition to 1415, a year in the life of Henry V.
Mortimer's best known book, however, is The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England, first published in the United Kingdom in 2008. It was followed by The Time Traveller's Guide to Elizabethan England (which became a BBC TV series, presented by the author) and The Time Traveller's Guide to Restoration Britain.  They are also well known for pioneering, in their first two books and an article in The English Historical Review, the argument (based on evidence such as the Fieschi Letter) that Edward II did not die in Berkeley Castle in 1327.
Mortimer has also carried out research into the social history of early modern medicine. Their essay "The Triumph of the Doctors" was awarded the 2004 Alexander Prize by the Royal Historical Society. In this essay they demonstrated that ill and injured people close to death shifted their hopes of physical salvation from an exclusively religious source of healing power (God, or Jesus Christ) to a predominantly human one (physicians and surgeons) over the period 1615–1670, and argued that this shift of outlook was among the most profound changes western society has ever experienced.
In 2011, Mortimer entered the genre of historical fiction, publishing the first book from their Elizabethan era Clarenceux Trilogy using the pen name of James Forrester. James Forrester are Mortimer's middle names. Their fourth novel, The Outcasts of Time, was published under their ordinary name: it won the 2018 Winston Graham Prize for Historical Fiction.
Since 1999 they have lived in the small town of Moretonhampstead in Devon, England, which is in Dartmoor National Park. In 2003 they were appointed by the Secretary of State Member of Dartmoor National Park Authority, representing the parishes. In 2009 they were reappointed as a Member by the Secretary of State, this time representing the national interest – a role which they continued to perform until 2017. Other public appointments have included the Lord Chancellor's Forum on Historical Manuscripts and Academic Research, 2011–17 (subsequently known as the Forum on Archives and Academic Research) and the Fabric Advisory Committee of Exeter Cathedral, 2011–16.
Personal life
Mortimer is the nephew of the British tennis player Angela Mortimer. Among their interests they include running: in 2017 they wrote a memoir about the meaning of running, which relates the various lessons they had learnt from taking part in parkrun and half marathons – which was published as Why Running Matters: lessons in life, pain and exhilaration, from 5K to the marathon (Summersdale, 2019).
Honours
Mortimer is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society (FRHistS). On 12 February 2015, they were elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA).
Historical works (selected)
The Time Traveller's Guide to Restoration Britain: Life in the Age of Samuel Pepys, Isaac Newton and The Great Fire of London (The Bodley Head, 2017)
What isn't History? Selected Articles and Speeches on Writing History and Historical Fiction (Rosetta (ebook only), 2017)
Human Race: Ten Centuries of Change on Earth (Vintage, 2015; formerly published as Centuries of Change: which century saw the most change and why it matters to us by The Bodley Head, 2014)
The Time Traveller's Guide to Elizabethan England: a Handbook for Visitors to the Sixteenth Century (Viking, 2012) (paper: Penguin, 2013)
Medieval Intrigue: Decoding Royal Conspiracies (Continuum, 2010)
1415: Henry V's Year of Glory (The Bodley Head, 2009)
The Dying and the Doctors: the Medical Revolution in Seventeenth-Century England (The Royal Historical Society, 2009)
The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England: a Handbook for Visitors to the Fourteenth Century (The Bodley Head, 2008)
"What isn't History? The Nature and Enjoyment of History in the Twenty-First Century", History, 93, 4 (October 2008), pp. 454–74.
"Beyond the Facts: how true originality in history has fallen foul of postmodernism, research targets and commercial pressure", Times Literary Supplement (26 September 2008), pp. 16–17.
The Fears of Henry IV: the Life of England's Self-Made King (Jonathan Cape, 2007)
The Perfect King: the Life of Edward III, Father of the English Nation (Jonathan Cape, 2006)
The Death of Edward II in Berkeley Castle, The English Historical Review, cxx, 489 (2005), pp. 1175–1214.
The Triumph of the Doctors: Medical Assistance to the Dying, 1570–1720, Transactions of the Royal Historical Society, 15 (2005), pp. 97–116.
The Greatest Traitor: the Life of Sir Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March, Ruler of England 1327–1330 (Jonathan Cape, 2003)
Berkshire Probate Accounts, 1583–1712 (Berkshire Record Society, 1999)
Berkshire Glebe Terriers, 1634 (Berkshire Record Society, 1995)
Historical fiction (writing as Ian Mortimer)
The Outcasts of Time (UK: Simon & Schuster, 2017 US: Pegasus, 2018).
Historical fiction (writing as James Forrester)
Sacred Treason (UK: Headline, 2010 US: Sourcebooks, 2012)
The Roots of Betrayal (UK: Headline, 2011 US: Sourcebooks, 2013)
The Final Sacrament (UK: Headline, 2012 US: Sourcebooks, 2013)
References
External links
Random House (publishers)
United Agents (literary agent)
Continuum (publishers)
1967 births
Living people
20th-century British historians
21st-century British historians
21st-century biographers
21st-century British novelists
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of the University of Exeter
British biographers
British historical novelists
British medical historians
British medievalists
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Historians of the early modern period
Historians of England
People educated at Eastbourne College
People from Petts Wood
People from Teignbridge (district)
Social historians
Writers from London
Writers of historical fiction set in the early modern period
"Hold Me" is a 1987 song by Sheila E., and the first single released from their third album, Sheila E.. The song is an R&B ballad and the B-side is the non-album track "The World Is High".
Chart positions
was an R&B hit, peaking at No. 3 on the U.S. R&B singles chart. On the Billboard Hot 100, it reached No. 68.
Formats and track listings
U.S. 7"
"Hold Me" (edit) – 4:10
"The World Is High" – 3:25
U.S. 12"
"Hold Me" (album) – 5:04
"The World Is High" – 3:25
References
1987 singles
Sheila E. songs
Paisley Park Records singles
Songs written by Sheila E.
1986 songs
Honeymoon is an Indian Kannada-language romantic comedy series created and produced by Sakkath Studios and it premiered on Voot. Series is first venture of Shiva Rajkumar's production house Shree Muthu Cine Services. Actor Nagabhushan co-write the series and featuring lead in series with Sanjana Anand. The series tells the story of a newly-wed couple, on their honeymoon in Kerala. Series completed in 2019 and released the Telugu dubbed in version in aha while Original Kannada version released on Voot Select on 20 May 2022.
Cast
Nagabhushana N S as Praveen
Sanjana Anand as Tejaswini
Pawan Kumar as new Friend in Bar
Vasuki Vaibhav as Photographer
Anand Ninasam as Tejaswini's uncle
Mahadev as Travel agent
Apoorva Bharadwaj as Daisy
Poorna Mysore as Tejaswini's friend
Karthik as Taxi driver
Archana Kotige as Jyothi
Episodes
Productions
Kannada veteran actor Shiva Rajkumar started Shree Muthu Cine Services with their daughter Niveditha Shivrajkumar suggestion for making content based Kannada web series.
Niveditha Shivrajkumar joined hands with RJ Pradeep from Sakkath Studios to make new webseries. Initially decided that series will be directed Vikram Yoganand, director of ‘Dr PAL' web series and ‘Heengondu Dina' movie. Production house decided to name series as "Honeymoon" with seven episodes but later decide to make six episodes series.
Series is written by Nagabhushana, an actor who is mostly known for their humour sketches on YouTube. In addition to the writing, Nagabhushana also plays the lead character in the series. Sanjana Anand selected to play the female lead, who debuted in 2019 Kannada film Chemistry of Kariyappa.
First phase of shooting done in Bengaluru, while the second is likely to be held in an interesting locality. The production house has roped in Vasuki Vaibhav to score music and Rahul Roy for cinematography. Later hired Shreesha Kuduvalli as additional cinematographer.
Most of the shooting done in Alleppey, Kerala. Shooting completed in June 2019. According to the production house, Honey Moon is the first webseries to be shot in Kerala.
Release
Series trailer released on 12 May 2022 by Dr. Shiva Rajkumar. Announces series will release on 20 May 2022 in Voot Select.
The six episode first season premiered on 20 May 2022 on Voot.
Telugu dubbed version released on 27 November 2020 in aha. while Original Kannada version delayed several times and finally released on 20 May 2022.
References
External links
2022 Indian television series debuts
Indian drama web series
Peace Pagoda, Darjeeling or Darjeeling Peace Pagoda is one of the Peace Pagodas designed to provide a focus for people of all races and creeds to help unite them in their search for world peace. It is located in the town of Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal. Like most of the other Peace Pagodas, it was built under the guidance of Nichidatsu Fujii (1885–1985), a Buddhist monk from Japan and founder of the Nipponzan-Myōhōji Buddhist Order.
The foundation stone of the pagoda was laid on 3 November 1972 by Nichidatsu Fujii, and was inaugurated on 1 November 1992. The pagoda was designed by M. Ohka, and it took 36 months to construct. It houses the four avatars of Buddha including Maitreya Buddha. The height of the pagoda is and diameter is .The Pagoda is situated on the slopes of the Jalapahar hills, in the town of Darjeeling.
Gallery
See also
Chowrasta
References
Peace Pagoda and Japanese Temple
Stupas in India
Tourist attractions in Darjeeling
Buildings and structures in Darjeeling
Buddhism in Darjeeling district
Guindy Thiru Vi Ka Industrial Estate is a neighbourhood in Chennai, India. This was an active small scale industrial estate in the 1960s and 1970s but is gradually turning to new economy companies. Its central location makes it an attractive proposition for new business.
See also
Economy of Chennai
References
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Industrial parks in India
Seismic loading is one of the basic concepts of earthquake engineering which means application of an earthquake-generated agitation to a structure. It happens at contact surfaces of a structure either with the ground, or with adjacent structures, or with gravity waves from tsunami.
Seismic loading depends, primarily, on:
Anticipated earthquake's parameters at the site - known as seismic hazard
Geotechnical parameters of the site
Structure's parameters
Characteristics of the anticipated gravity waves from tsunami (if applicable).
Sometimes, seismic load exceeds ability of a structure to resist it without being broken, partially or completely Due to their mutual interaction, seismic loading and seismic performance of a structure are intimately related.
See also
Earthquake engineering structures
References
Earthquake and seismic risk mitigation
Earthquake engineering
Radial spoke head protein 4 homologs A, also known as radial spoke head-like protein 3, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RSPH4A gene.
Function
TRadial spoke head protein 4 homologs A appears to be a component the radial spoke head, as determined by homology to similar proteins in the biflagellate alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and other ciliates. Radial spokes, which are regularly spaced along cilia, sperm, and flagella axonemes, consist of a thin 'stalk' and a bulbous 'head' that form a signal transduction scaffold between the central pair of microtubules and dynein.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the RSPH4A gene are associated with primary ciliary dyskinesia.
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
Les Chemins de l'amour (The pathways of love), FP 106-Ia, is a song (mélodie) for voice and piano composed in 1940 by Francis Poulenc on lyrics by Jean Anouilh, based on a waltz sung from the incidental music of the play Léocadia.
Genesis
Composed in October 1940, the song is dedicated to the comedian and singer Yvonne Printemps, who sang it at the premiere of the play Léocadia on 1 December 1940. The song was somewhat successful, and Printemps recorded it.
Max Eschig published the score in 1945.
Discography
Yvonne Printemps and Marcel Cariven (conducting).
and Georges Delerue (conducting). Grand Prix du disque.
Felicity Lott (soprano) and Graham Johnson (piano) - Hyperion.
Jessye Norman (soprano) and Dalton Baldwin (piano) - Philips.
Véronique Gens (soprano) and Roger Vignoles (piano) - Erato.
Patricia Petibon (soprano), Christian-Pierre La Marca (cello), Amandine Savary (piano) - Sony.
Sophie Karthäuser (soprano), Eugène Asti (piano) - Harmonia Mundi
Mischa Maisky (cello), Daria Havora (piano) - Deutsche Grammophon
References
External links
Yvonne Printemps - Les chemins de l'amour by Poulenc on YouTube
Léocadia, FP 106 (Poulenc, Francis) on IMSLP
French original lyrics and English translation
Two interprétations
Compositions by Francis Poulenc
1940 compositions
French songs
Mélodies
"The Economist" is the third episode of the fourth season and 75th episode overall of the ABC's serial drama television series Lost. It was aired on February 14, 2008, on ABC in the United States and on CTV in Canada. The episode was written by co-executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. In the episode's narrative, Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) and Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) negotiate for John Locke's (Terry O'Quinn) hostage Charlotte Lewis (Rebecca Mader), while physicist and Kahana crew member Daniel Faraday (Jeremy Davies) discovers that time on the island runs at an offset from the rest of the world. Another storyline follows Sayid working as an assassin after being rescued from the island.
"The Economist" was watched by 14 million American viewers and received positive reactions from critics.
Plot
Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and Miles Straume (Ken Leung) argue about what to do about leader of the Others, Ben Linus (Michael Emerson), and Miles's colleague Charlotte, both sought after by Miles and their colleagues and taken prisoner by Locke. Sayid pays their respects to Naomi Dorrit, and takes them bracelet. They then offers to retrieve Charlotte without bloodshed, in return gaining a helicopter flight to the freighter anchored offshore. They take along Miles and Kate. Sayid asks Jack not to come with them as Jack might be unpredictable around Locke.
While Sayid is gone, Daniel asks Regina (Zoë Bell), a colleague on the freighter to shoot a projectile onto the island. Regina does so, but the projectile does not arrive for thirty minutes. When it lands, Daniel extracts a clock from the payload and finds that the two times, that running on the island and that running outside, are not synchronized.
The survivors led by Locke arrive at the location of Jacob's cabin, but find the area deserted. Locke changes their course to the barracks, and uses Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia) to ambush Sayid, Kate and Miles. Kate is watched by James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway), and they discuss their reasons for wanting or not wanting to go home. Kate, realizing that they would be arrested for their crimes upon rescue, defects to Locke's group. Sayid negotiates with Locke to exchange Charlotte with Miles, in order to get access to the boat. Locke tells them that wouldn't be necessary as Ben has a spy on that freighter, to which Sayid responds that they would rather sell their soul than trust Ben.
At the helicopter, Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick) confronts pilot Frank Lapidus (Jeff Fahey) about the picture Naomi had of them and their ex-fiancée Penelope Widmore (Sonya Walger). Frank denies any knowledge of her, but Desmond nevertheless demands a place on a helicopter. At the same time, Sayid returns, with only Charlotte. While Frank accuses Sayid of being dishonest, they considered Miles a "pain in the ass", and agrees to fly them offshore.
The episode's flashforwards are centered on Sayid in Berlin, who had since become one of the Oceanic Six.  They are hired as an assassin, and courts a German woman, Elsa (Thekla Reuten), in order to get closer to their employer (the eponymous "economist"). After several dates, Sayid turns on Elsa, who reveals themselves to be a counter-spy by unexpectedly shooting Sayid in the shoulder. Sayid is able to shoot and kill Elsa. As the episode ends, Sayid is treated for their wound by Ben, who gives them another assignment. Sayid is now wary since they now know that he's after them, to which Ben replies, "Good".
Production
The story of Sayid's future was influenced by spy fiction—in particular, the writing eventually "gravitated" towards a story much like the Jason Bourne franchise. The story was justified by Sayid's status as part of the "Oceanic Six", as their celebrity status would provide the perfect cover for their clandestine activities. The episode was written in autumn 2007. At the end of the first scene in Berlin, the flag shown on the building across the street from where Sayid stands is actually that of the former East German GDR.
An important scene in the episode regarded Faraday's experiment and the resulting time differential. The scene set up a prominent theme of "time-travel" for later episodes. In the episode's respective podcast, Lost's show runners Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof further discussed the time differential as part of an already existing theme regarding transport between the island and the rest of the world. In particular, the theme was alluded to the "Orchid video", a Dharma Initiative video that premiered at the 2007 Comic-Con.
However, some scenes in the episode gained unintentional significance. The Boston Red Sox won the World Series for the second time in three years after the episode was written, which prompted the question "Is it possible Lapidus is actually from 2008?" due to their annoyed reply. Likewise, the only reason that Elsa and Naomi had similar bracelets was that it would serve as an "emotional touchstone" for Sayid. After the episode, the producers received several emails about both issues.
Andrews enjoyed their role in "The Economist". They appreciated that, unlike the third season, they were able to "push the story forward", which they thought was "infinitely more interesting and rewarding." The premise "threw [him] for a loop", and they were pleased with how complex the episode was.
Reception
"The Economist" was seen by 13.76 million American viewers, making Lost the fourth most watched program of the week. The episode received a Nielsen rating of 5.8/15 in the key adults 18–49 demographic. In Great Britain, Lost brought in 1.2 million viewers.
The first four episodes of the fourth season were watched beforehand by TV Guide, who called them "worth the wait" and "emotionally satisfying". TV Guide also stated that they "provide gaspworthy plot twists that should whip fans into a theory-spinning tizzy." Sarah Vasques of eFluxMedia thought the scene where Daniel discovers the time discrepancy the most mind-blowing scene of the episode. Entertainment Weekly commented that "for the second straight year, Cupid was kicked in the nuts", as the episode "Flashes Before Your Eyes" also aired on St. Valentine's Day. Also discussed in the review was possible Biblical allegory to the Book of Daniel. However, Mark Madley of The National Post thought that this episode, along with the previous two, gave away too much plot detail, and compared the off-island storyline to "that awful Stallone/Banderas movie Assassins". Don Williams of BuddyTV thought that the scene where Sayid disposes of their cellphone after calling Ben "like an episode of Alias", and finished their recap by saying "consider my mind blown again". MaryAnn Johanson of Film.com called the episode "mind-blowing", and theorized that Sayid had been working for Ben before the crash, and that the crash of Oceanic 815 was deliberate. Chris Carabott of IGN stated that, in the episode "Sayid Jarrah is a badass who could give Jack Bauer, James Bond, and Jason Bourne all a run for their money", and praised Losts nature for being able to have "a lighthearted episode featuring Hurley [one week] and the next can be an action spy thriller starring Sayid." They praised the episode for being a perfect example of serialized television, and thought that Elsa's double cross to be "very reminiscent of Vesper Lynd and their true employer in Casino Royale". Overall, they rated the episode 8.6 out of 10.
References
External links
"The Economist" at ABC
Lost (season 4) episodes
2008 American television episodes
pt:Lost (temporada 4)#Lista de Episódios
The Ariane Passenger PayLoad Experiment (APPLE), was an experimental communication satellite with a C-Band transponder launched by the Indian Space Research Organisation on June 19, 1981, by Ariane, a launch vehicle of the European Space Agency (ESA) from Centre Spatial Guyanais near Kourou in French Guiana.
APPLE was India's first three-axis stabilised experimental Geostationary communication satellite. On July 16, 1981, the satellite was positioned at 102° E longitude. The 672 kg satellite served as testbed of the Indian telecommunications space relay infrastructure despite the failure of one solar panel to deploy. Solid-propellant based Apogee Boost Motor to circularize APPLE's orbit was derived from SLV-3 fourth stage.
It was used in several communication experiments including relay of TV programmes and radio networking. It was a cylindrical spacecraft measuring 1.2 m in diameter and 1.2 m high. Its payload consisted of two 6/4 GHz transponders connected to a 0.9 m diameter parabolic antenna. It went out of service on September 19, 1983. R. M. Vasagam was the project director of APPLE during 1977-1983
See also
List of Indian satellites
References
Communication satellites
Satellites of India
Spacecraft launched in 1981
Neohermenias melanocopa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in India, Taiwan, New Guinea, China and Japan.
The wingspan is 14.5–17 mm.
References
Moths described in 1912
Eucosmini
Moths of Japan
Informationsdienst Wissenschaft e.V. or idw (The Science Information Service) operates an Internet platform, which bundles the press reports and dates of important events from about 1,000 scientific institutions, including universities, technical colleges, governmental and non-governmental research institutes and institutes to support research or scientific administration. idw (a registered charitable society) also operates an expert broker, the idw expert finder, which is exclusively for journalists. This makes idw one of the most comprehensive sources of science news in the German-speaking area. Foreign journalists and institutions (mostly European) now use idw as well.
The two main objectives of idw are:
To provide the public with a comprehensive picture of science in the German-speaking area.
To create a close network between the linked (research) institutions.
Services
The information in idw can be accessed free of charge - either directly on idw's www pages, or by using an individually configurable RSS feed or as an e-mail subscriber. Any user can request the information covering the topics and regions which interest him. All idw services can be used free of cost - the current news ticker, the science calendar, research in the archive (which contains more than 400,000 press releases), and the list of institutions linked to idw. idw also provides journalists with instruments for contacting experts, and maintains a database with science photos.
The members' press offices have various possibilities of communicating with journalists. Membership is only offered to German or foreign institutions which perform research or teaching, or which support science or are active in science in some other way.
Idea and Foundation
The original idea of idw was to provide experts for journalists. Using the American ProfNet as example, the press officers of Universitaet Bayreuth, the Ruhr University Bochum and the Clausthal University of Technology, in collaboration with Computing Centre of Clausthal University of Technology/TU Clausthal, developed a concept for a German language network, by means of the new media. The concept was technically implemented by the staff of the Computing Centre of the Clausthal University of Technology. A total of nine staff members in Bayreuth, Bochum and Clausthal are responsible for programming, maintaining and developing the idw operating system, for user services and further development of the content.
Financial Support and Development
The initial phase (1996–1999) was guaranteed by project support from the Federal Ministry for Education and Research (BMBF). The technical development of the idw was supported by the Ministry, together with the Stifterverband fuer die Deutsche Wissenschaft (Donor Association for German Science). idw has been working for years with the initiative Wissenschaft im Dialog (Science in Dialogue). idw has been economically independent since 2000 and is financed by contributions from member institutions. It has been organised as a registered charitable society (gemeinnütziger e. V.) since 2002. As part of its quality control, since 2009 idw awards the annual idw Award for Science Communication for the best year's best press releases.
Significance and Scope
idw has developed as a recognised and accepted source for German language science and for science journalism. It has become an instrument for public relations work for scientific institutions.
40,000 subscribers (figure for December 2020) receive regular reports from idw, including some 8,600 journalists. About 1,000 institutions publish their press reports and dates of important events via idw.
References
External links
http://idw-online.de
https://news.idw-online.de
Publishing organizations
Reference
Marcus L. Demps (born August 19, 1983) is a former American football safety who played college football at San Diego State.
 They are the younger brother of safety Will Demps.
High school career
Demps attended Highland High School in Palmdale, California. They were a two-year starter at strong safety. Demps was also a two-time all-Golden League selection. They were also named to the Antelope Valley Press second-team as a junior and first-team as a senior, despite missing three games with a foot injury. Demps was also selected to the all-Valley team by the Los Angeles Daily News. They earned a pair of varsity letters in track.
College career
Demps attended San Diego State, where they majored in criminal justice.
Freshman (2001)
As a first-year student in 2001, Demps was in the contention for playing time in the secondary before suffering a broken finger that required surgery early in the season. They ended up redshirting that season.
Red-shirt Freshman (2002)
In 2002, Demps played in nine games, primarily on special teams and at safety. They ended the season with 24 tackles, including a career-high 12 at Air Force when they had their first game their first career start against the Air Force. They had six tackles against Colorado State and two tackles against Utah.
Red-shirt Sophomore (2003)
In 2003, Demps started the season as a backup, but was promoted to the starting lineup when mononucleosis sidelined then starter Josh Dean. They however, returned to the sidelines due to an ankle injury that caused them to miss three games. For the season Demps was in the starting lineup in five games. Demps had a 13-tackle game at UTEP and eight tackles at UCLA. Despite missing three games, Demps finished fifth on the team with 39 tackles, (24 solo). They had a sack against Air Force and another tackle for a loss against UCLA. They recovered a fumble against UTEP. They were credited with a blocked punt against Eastern Washington.
Red-shirt Junior (2004)
In 2004, after two years at safety, Demps became a starting cornerback as a junior. They finished eighth on the team with 35 tackles. They broke up eight passes, caused a pair of fumbles (Idaho State and Utah) ranking them second on the team in that category. They had an interception and a pass broken up against #17 Michigan. Demps broke up three passes against Nevada. They had a season-high six tackles against Nevada and #9 Utah. Against Utah, Demps, also recorded a forced fumble. They finished 10th among Mountain West secondary players with nine passes defended. Thirty of their tackles were solo. However, they were slowed late in the year by a sprained knee but did not miss a game.
Red-shirt Senior (2005)
In 2005, Demps finished the season with 72 tackles, two sacks, four interceptions and one touchdown.
Demps opened the season with five tackles against UCLA, (three solo). The next game at Air Force, they recorded eight tackles (two solo, one for loss) and one forced fumble. During the third game of the season in Columbus, Ohio against Ohio State, Demps recorded nine tackles. In the next game, home against San Jose State they recorded two tackles (two solo, one for loss), their first interception of the season, and two passes defensed. Against BYU, Demps recorded two tackles (two solo, one for loss) and their second interceptions on the season. The next week at UNLV, they recorded six tackles (two solo, one for loss). During the next game at Utah, Demps recorded 10 tackles (four solo). The next week against New Mexico, Demps recorded a season-high of 12 tackles (10 solo). Against Texas Christian University they recorded seven tackles (four solo, one for loss). In the game at Colorado State, Demps recorded seven tackles (three solo), one interception, and one passed defensed. In the game against Wyoming they recorded one tackle (one solo, one for loss), one interception, and one punt return. In the season, and their college finale, against Hawaii, Demps recorded five tackles (two solo) and one pass defensed.
Professional career
Demps went unselected in the 2006 NFL Draft, however they were signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent May 8, 2006, after participating in the rookie mini-camp as a tryout player. They were however released on September 2, 2006. They were then signed to the Lions practice squad the next day. However, they were placed on the reserved/injury list on September 21, 2006 with a knee injury.
Personal life
Demps is the son of Kye and William Demps and the younger brother of free agent safety Will Demps.
Notes
External links
Detroit Lions bio
ESPN.com bio
Profile at NCAA.org
San Diego State Aztecs bio
1983 births
African-American players of American football
American football safeties
American people of Korean descent
Detroit Lions players
San Diego State Aztecs football players
Living people
Sportspeople from Minot, North Dakota
Sportspeople from California
Players of American football from North Dakota
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
NOBUS ("Nobody But Us") is a term used by the United States National Security Agency (NSA) to describe a known security vulnerability that it believes the United States (US) alone can exploit. As technology and encryption advance, entities around the globe are gravitating towards common platforms and systems, such as Microsoft, Linux, and Apple. This convergence in usage creates a conflict between patching system vulnerabilities to protect one's own information, and exploiting the same system vulnerabilities to discover information about an adversary. To handle this conflict, the NSA developed the NOBUS system in which they evaluate the likelihood that an adversary would be able to exploit a known vulnerability in a system. If they determine the vulnerability is only exploitable by the NSA for reasons such as computational resources, budget, or skill set, they label it as NOBUS and will not move to patch it, but rather leave it open to exploit against current or future targets. Broadly, the concept of NOBUS refers to the gap in signals intelligence (SIGINT) capabilities between the US and the rest of the world. Critics believe that this approach to signals intelligence poses more of a threat to the US than an advantage as the abilities of other entities progress and the market for buying vulnerabilities evolves.
History
During the early 1900's, protecting one's own communications while intercepting the communications of adversaries was not in conflict. World War I (WWI) and World War II (WWII) signals intelligence contained a mixture of eavesdropping on radio communications, and breaking target cipher messages, actions that did not weaken the security of one's own information. The Allies' Operation Ultra during WWII was responsible for breaking Enigma, the German cipher device used to transmit military messages. By breaking Enigma, the security of the Allies cipher machine, SIGABA, was not influenced, since they were separate systems using separate technology. As technology advanced, this separation between offensive SIGINT, the act of intercepting adversaries communications, and defensive SIGINT, the act of protecting one's own messages, began to disappear. The advancement of telecommunications, the internet, and large corporations such as Microsoft and Apple, meant that often times both sides of a conflict use the same system.As such, if a group discovers a vulnerability in a target's system, it also likely means they've discovered a vulnerability in their own system. Disclosing the vulnerability for fixing weakens intelligence, while withholding information about the vulnerability weakens security, making the decision of what to do with a discovered exploit incredibly complicated.
The intelligence alliance group known as the Five Eyes, consisting of the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, became uniquely situated in the world to take advantage of the progress of technology for their SIGINT abilities. Almost all of the communications across the globe physically pass through one of the Five Eyes, allowing for a physical advantage in their eavesdropping abilities. This geographical positioning was one of the reasons that the US was leading the SIGINT charge early on.
In addition, many technology companies were US companies, giving the US legal power over the corporations that other entities and governments lacked. An example of this NOBUS advantage is the NSA program known as PRISM, which gives them the ability to demand information from companies such as Google, Apple, Microsoft, and others, about their targets.
Former NSA Director Michael Hayden has since acknowledged the concept of NOBUS:You look at a vulnerability through a different lens if even with the vulnerability it requires substantial computational power or substantial other attributes and you have to make the judgment who else can do this? If there's a vulnerability here that weakens encryption but you still need four acres of Cray computers in the basement in order to work it you kind of think "NOBUS" and that's a vulnerability we are not ethically or legally compelled to try to patch – it's one that ethically and legally we could try to exploit in order to keep Americans safe from others.
The commoditization of the Zero-Day exploit market changed the landscape of SIGINT in the 2000's. A Zero-Day (or 0-day) exploit is a software vulnerability that the software developer is not aware of and therefore has no immediate fix. In other words, when the exploit is used to steal information or corrupt a system, the developers have zero-days to fix it. Zero-day exploits were being developed and sold by a few individuals in the 1990's, but in the early 2000s companies dedicated to buying exploits of hackers around the world began popping up. This grey-market for zero-day exploits allowed anyone in the world with enough funds to buy exploits to commonly used systems.
In 2013, American whistleblower Edward Snowden leaked NSA documents that revealed that the NSA was spending considerable money in the zero-day market to accumulate exploits, likely the biggest buyer in the field. The ability to spend top dollar for exploits is considered a NOBUS capability since many other entities often cannot spend that much on an exploit. By 2012, a single iOS bug could earn as much as $250,000 on the grey market. In 2021, it is known that the NSA spends 10 times as much on offensive SIGINT than defensive, with 100 employees working on offense for every 1 employee on defense.
The Snowden leaks also revealed an NSA program in cooperation with its British counterpart Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) known as Muscular. This program involved tapping into the underwater internet cables of companies including Google and Yahoo. This collection of information as it travels unencrypted between internal company servers is known as "upstream" collection and the corporations affected were completely unaware of it. Muscular took place on British territory, exemplifying a NOBUS capability given that the NSA and GCHQ were allies and working together on the program.
US government response
Following the Edward Snowden leaks, in 2014 United States President Obama addressed the SIGINT tactics of the NSA. In their address they announce that they will be strengthening executive oversight of intelligence with the hope that individual security, foreign relations, and the intentions of corporations can all be considered. They also announced that they will be appointing a new senior official at the White House responsible for implementing new privacy safeguards. However, the usage of zero-day exploits was not directly discussed, with the focus of the address being on the NSA's collection of phone records within the US.
In 2014, a few months after President Obama's SIGINT address, a bug in popular encryption tool OpenSSL was discovered. This exploit, known as Heartbleed, permeated software around the world, including the US Pentagon. Following the discovery of Heartbleed, Michael Daniel, cybersecurity coordinator of the Obama administration, publicly addressed the procedure used by the NSA to determine what vulnerabilities to keep and what to disclose. Daniel listed numerous points that the agency took into consideration, namely how much harm the exploit could cause if disclosed and whether the intelligence could be gathered in another way. In addition, Daniel highlights that if the vulnerability was kept to be used, it would only be temporary and would be turned over to be patched after a short period of use by the agency. This was the first time the US government publicly acknowledged the use of zero-day exploits in SIGINT. This protocol outlined by Daniel in 2014 is known as the Vulnerabilities Equities Process (VEP).
Criticism
Critics argue that the NSA, and therefore the US, is no longer as significantly ahead of the rest of the world in SIGINT as it once was. Thus, it is dangerous for the NSA to leave security vulnerabilities open just because it is believed to be NOBUS. A leaked NSA memo from 2012 is quoted saying "it is becoming apparent that other nation-states are honing their skill[s] and joining the scene", evidence that the NSA is aware of the ever closing gap in capabilities. In August of 2016, a group of still unknown hackers known as the Shadow Brokers leaked NSA code that revealed the exact tools of the agency, effectively giving NOBUS capabilities to anyone who got their hands on the code. In April of 2017, the Shadow Brokers went further and leaked twenty of the most effective zero-day exploits the agency had developed and collected. Following this leak, former NSA director Michael Hayden, who stood by the agency through the Snowden leaks in 2013, said they could not "defend an agency having powerful tools if it cannot protect the tools and keep them in its own hands".
By leaking the NSA's cyber arsenal, the Shadow Brokers also revealed that the NSA was keeping low level vulnerabilities that did not require extensive equipment or experience. Some of the tools were reportedly so easy to use they were essentially "point and shoot". These vulnerabilities are, by definition, not NOBUS, and keeping them in the NSA cyber arsenal rather than disclosing them so they could be fixed threatens the security of innocent people around the world who used the vulnerable software. The discovery that the NSA was withholding low level exploits for years directly contradicted the VEP outlined in 2014 by then cybersecurity coordinator Michael Daniel.
The Zero-Day exploit market has also caused the NSA to come under criticism. Vulnerabilities purchased on the grey-market are distinctly not NOBUS since anyone with sufficient funding has the ability to purchase them. There is also no way to ensure that if an entity sells a vulnerability to one group, it won't turn around and sell it to another. Critics are therefore concerned that keeping the vulnerabilities open instead of patching them threatens the security of innocent people who use vulnerable systems, since it cannot be confirmed who has access to the vulnerabilities.
Another common criticism of the NOBUS system is that since the NSA is exploiting vulnerabilities in systems used by US citizens and harvesting data from servers hosted in the US, there are ethical and legal concerns about the ability of the agency to avoid collecting data from US citizens.
Critics have also commented that there is no evidence that NOBUS strategy keeps people safe. In the past it has been reported that NOBUS has stopped 50 terrorist attacks, however the number was then amended to 1 or 2. In 2017, a study funded by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) recommended that the Intelligence Community shift away from signals intelligence as a source of information. Encryption methods are quickly becoming too advanced to break and laws in the US are prioritizing the privacy of American citizens over intelligence collection, meaning that the NSA and other intelligence agencies are facing an uphill battle for signals intelligence.
References
National Security Agency
The 19th People's Choice Awards, honoring the best in popular culture for 1992, were held on March 9, 1993, at Universal Studios Hollywood, in Universal City, California. They were hosted by John Ritter and Jane Seymour, and broadcast on CBS.
Special tributes were paid to both Knots Landing and Cheers for their long runs on television.
Awards
Winners are listed first, in bold.
References
External links
1993 People's Choice.com
People's Choice Awards
1993 awards in the United States
1993 in California
Accent (Акцент) is Belarusian heavy metal band.
Early years
Accent was founded in 1986 by Michael Brusovanik, former guitarist of Belarusian hard rock band Отражение (en: Reflection), and Andrey Hmelnitsky.
Hiatus, reunion and the future
Victor Naumik and Gavrila reunited the band in 1997, released its third album in Mozyr, Belarus. In 2014 the band reunited to work on its fifth album.
Band members
2017- Now
Evgeniy Tsilikov () - guitar
Andrey Medvedsky () -drums
Anton Kostyukov () - vocal
Alexander Binzhuk () - bass
Vladimir Gavrilenko() - keyboards
Discography
1989: Wind of Fortune ()
1997: Accent ()
1987: Rock Ballads()
2015: ASCENT
.
References
See also
ACCENT Official Site
Victor Smolsky
Anatoly Horbach
Michael Brusovanik
Belarusian heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1986
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Musical quintets
1986 establishments in Belarus
Belarusian rock music groups
Soviet heavy metal musical groups
Sybra basirufa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1970.
References
basirufa
Beetles described in 1970
György Lahner (also Láner or Láhner, ; 6 October 1795, in Necpál (present-day Necpaly, Slovakia) – 6 October 1849, in Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army. They were executed for their part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Life
Lahner was born in Necpál, Turóc County in 1795, to a German bourgeois family. Lahner's military career in the Imperial army began in 1816 when they joined the 33rd infantry. Their wife, Conchetti Lucia, was of Italian descent, who bore them a daughter from this marriage.
They offered military service in the Spring of 1848 to the Hungarian government during the uprising, although they only smattered in Hungarian. Becoming the third honvéd in September 1848 they acted as commander of the southern areas. In October, the Ministry of Defence appointed them as the superintendent of military equipment and armaments in the rank of colonel. In this capacity, they were focused on the Hungarian arms production and boosting production. Lahner successfully completed the most organized changes and productions then to date in Hungary and as a result boosted munitions supply.
However, due to the onslaught of Windisch-Grätz, they were forced to retire in December 1848 from Pest, and re-establish facilities in the east. Lahner planned an organized and professional evacuation and decommissioning of the plants so that there was the possibility to continue on the fight. On February 6, 1849 they were promoted to the rank of general.
Despite the hardship of evacuating the machinery, Lahner was able to erect new facilities in Nagyvárad (present-day Oradea) in a minimum loss of time and began production again very quickly and made launching a spring offensive a possibility. Nagyvárad became the largest arms and munitions producer and cache in all of Hungary. The facilities for producing various weapons, firearms, bayonets, swords, were placed in different parts of the nearby castles, such as the dungeons. Lahner published a military science work under the headline "Do not hurt the Hungarians" in May 1849. The Military Council decided that after some months the munitions depots and factories should be moved back to Budapest, closer to the action on the front. Lahner was distinguished with exemplary leadership and performance.
Death
After the defeat of the uprising, Lahner was captured and sentenced to death by hanging, and carried out on their birthday. The sheriff of their home town bribed the executioners to allow them to take their body back to Necpál to be buried there where it rested until 1974, when the bones were moved to a crypt.
References
Hungarian-German people
People from Martin District
1795 births
1849 deaths
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
Mérieux NutriSciences offers practical testing, auditing, consulting, training, and research solutions to meet the needs of manufacturers, food processors, caterers and retailers. The company is legally headquartered in Chicago. A subsidiary of Institut Mérieux, Mérieux NutriSciences employs more than 8000 employees in 27 countries.
Overview
Mérieux NutriSciences is present in 27 countries through more than 100 laboratories.
History
1967: Creation by Dr. John H. Silliker in Chicago of Silliker, food focused solutions company.
1997: Acquisition of Silliker by Institut Mérieux
2011: The Group is officially named Mérieux NutriSciences
In 1897, Marcel Mérieux, a student of Louis Pasteur, founded Institut Mérieux.
The Institut Mérieux was then directed by Dr. Charles Mérieux and later by Alain Mérieux and became the leader in the field of human and veterinary vaccines. Until 1994, the Mérieux family managed several companies in this area before withdrawing from the vaccinology work.
Meanwhile in Chicago, Silliker, a company in the field of food safety and quality was created in 1967 by Dr. John H. Silliker, a microbiologist known for their work on Salmonella.
The Mérieux Family acquired Siliker in the 1990s. The company was renamed Mérieux NutriSciences in 2011.
Acquisitions
Mérieux NutriSciences has completed more than 47 acquisitions since 2007. The company has a worldwide presence, with sites in Europe, North America, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.
More recent acquisitions
2019
Swiss Food (Germany)
Institut Kirchhoff (Germany)
KTBA (Netherlands)
EcamRicert (Italy)
Acumen Scientific (Malaysia)
ALT (Ireland)
2020
CPG Lab (Italy)
QMS Consult (Denmark)
Sichuan ZhongAn Testing and ZhongOu United Certification (China)
Chestnut Labs (USA)
2021
UCGS (China)
Dyad Labs (USA)
References
Companies based in Chicago
Laboratories
Food and drink companies of the United States
Hacımusalar, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Desna () is an urban-type settlement in Vinnytsia Raion of Vinnytsia Oblast in Ukraine. It is essentially a northern suburb of the city of Vinnytsia. Desna belongs to Vinnytsia urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Population:
Economy
Transportation
Stadnytsia railway station is located just outside the settlement, on the railway connecting Vunnytsia and Kyiv via Koziatyn. There is infrequent passenger traffic.
The settlement is adjacent to Highway M12 and Highway M30 which jointly form the northern bypass of Vinnytsia. It is also incorporated to the road network of Vinnytsia.
References
Urban-type settlements in Vinnytsia Oblast
This page contains the number of cases of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) reported by each country and territory to the World Health Organization in June 2021 and published in the latter's daily 'situation reports'.
For other months see COVID-19 pandemic cases. There is also a column there listing the date of the first case for each country. For more international statistics in table and map form see COVID-19 pandemic by country and territory.
First half
Second half
See also
COVID-19 pandemic
COVID-19 pandemic cases
COVID-19 pandemic deaths
COVID-19 pandemic death rates by country
COVID-19 pandemic by country and territory#Timeline of first confirmed cases by country or territory
References
External links
COVID-19 Risk Factors
Timelines of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021
Jürgen Duah (born 19 December 1985) is a German football defender who played in the 3. Liga for SC Preußen Münster.
Career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Association football defenders
SG Wattenscheid 09 players
VfL Bochum II players
SC Preußen Münster players
3. Liga players
German footballers
Footballers from Dortmund
Darkinjung (Darrkinyung; many other spellings; see below) is an Australian Aboriginal language, the traditional language of the Darkinjung people. While no audio recordings of the language survive, several researchers have compiled wordlists and grammatical descriptions. It has been classified as a language no longer fully spoken and it can be classified as needing a language renewal program. It was spoken adjacent to Dharuk, Wiradhuri, Guringai, Gamilaraay, and Awabakal. The Darkinjung tribe occupied a small part of southeastern Australia inside what is now the New South Wales area. They likely inhabited a considerable tract of land within Hunter, Northumberland, and Cook counties.
Alternate names
The name of the language has various spellings as recorded by both Mathews and W.J. Enright, among others, whom worked off of documentation from the 19th century:
Darkinjang (Tindale 1974)
Darkinjung
Darkiñung (Mathews 1903)
Darrkinyung
Darginjang
Darginyung
Darkinung
Darkinoong
Darknüng
Darkinyung
Revitalisation effort
Since 2003 there has been a movement from the Darkinyung language group to revitalise the language. They started working with the original field reports of Robert H. Mathews and W. J. Enright. Where there were gaps in the sparsely populated wordlists, words were taken from lexically similar nearby languages. This led to the publication of the work Darkinyung grammar and dictionary: revitalising a language from historical sources. This may be ordered from the publisher, Muurrbay Language Centre at http://www.muurrbay.org.au/muurrbay-resources/.
Phonology
Much of our understanding of Darkinjung comes from papers published by R.H. Mathews in 1903. When analyzing these sources, we may generalize that there were around 15 consonants phonemes, and approximately 3 vowels.
Consonants
In Darkinjung, like many Australian languages, b, d, and g are interchangeable with p, t, and k and will not change the meaning of the word. The fact that this table shows b, d, and g is arbitrary.
Vowels
Morphology
"Tags"
Darkinjung makes use of what Mathews refers to as "tags," or suffixes to denote relationships between objects in sentences.
Number tags -bula "two" and -biyn "several"
{|
|miri-bula
|-
|a couple of dogs
|}
Possessor Tag: -gayi
{|
|guri-||gayi||bargan|-
|man||POSS||boomerang
|} 'a man's boomerang'
Locative "at, on, in" tags: -a/ -da/ -dja/ -ga/ -wa
The locative tags -ga and -wa appear to be found after stems ending in vowels.
{|
|gawin-da||nhayi|-
|bank-Loc||that.over.there||
|}
'on the other side'
Words with locational information seem to coincide with nouns that also carry a locative tag:
{|
|wallang-gayn-dja||gundji-ga||gara-dhi|-
|behind-?-Loc||hut-Loc||hide-Pres
|}
'around the house, hidden'
Ergative case tags: -a/ -da/ -ga/ -ya. Words that end in the consonant ŋ receive that tag /-ga/
{|
|nyugang-ga||wagar||mana-yi''
|-
|woman-Erg||perch||get-Past
|}
'the woman caught a perch'
References
Additional References
External links
Bibliography of Darkinjung people and language resources, at the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies
Extinct languages
Yuin–Kuric languages
Greg Boester (born November 27, 1968 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics, and is now a banker at JPMorgan Chase.
In July, 2013, Boester became the president of the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Team Foundation, a non-profit that raises funds for the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association. In 1996, Boester joined the association's board of directors; in 2004, they joined the foundation's board of trustees.
Boester holds an economics degree from St. Lawrence University and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Los Angeles
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
The Higgins EB-1 is an American helicopter built by Higgins Industries of New Orleans, Louisiana. The EB-1 was originally developed by the Delgado Trade School and completed by Enea Bossi.
Design and development
The EB-1 was a two-seat helicopter with a single four-bladed main rotor and two-bladed anti-torque tail rotor. It had a fixed tricycle landing gear and was powered by a Warner pressure cooled piston engine. Bossi and the company had ambitious plans for a family of helicopters but in the end only one was built.
Specifications
References
Notes
1940s United States civil utility aircraft
1940s United States helicopters
Aircraft first flown in 1943
Single-engined piston helicopters
Vladimír Zedník (born 1 February 1947) is a former professional tennis player who represented Czechoslovakia. In 1975, they were a member of the Czechoslovak team which lost 3–2 in the final of the Davis Cup to the Swedish team led by Björn Borg.
Career finals
Singles (1 title, 2 runner-ups)
Doubles (3 titles)
References
External links
Vladimir Zednik at australianopen.com
1947 births
Living people
Czech male tennis players
Czechoslovak male tennis players
Sportspeople from Prague
The 1963 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1963 NCAA University Division football season. Although the Bulldogs were picked to come in last in the SEC in the preseason, they finished 4–1–2 in the conference and qualified for the Liberty Bowl, the first nationally televised game in school history. The Liberty Bowl, played in 15-degree weather, was described by longtime radio broadcaster Jack Cristil as "colder than a pawnbroker's heart." Head coach Paul Davis was named SEC Coach of the Year in honor of the team's surprise success.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Liberty Bowl champion seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
HomeGoods is a chain of home furnishing stores headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It was founded as a small chain in 1992, and grew to include hundreds of locations throughout the United States. HomeGoods sells furniture, linens, cooking products, art and other home accessories.
HomeGoods is owned by TJX Companies, and is a sister company to T.J. Maxx, Sierra Trading Post, and Marshalls. The size of each store varies by location. There are locations in the United States that combine both the HomeGoods and the T.J. Maxx or Marshalls store brands in one building.
In Canada and Europe, the parent company of HomeGoods operates a similar home furnishing chain called HomeSense. In August 2017, TJX announced the opening of about 400 HomeSense stores across America.
HomeGoods has an associated app called "The Goods" which allows customers to see available products at store locations.
References
External links
HomeGoods Official Website
TJX Companies Official Website
Furniture retailers of the United States
Home decor retailers
Companies based in Framingham, Massachusetts
Retail companies established in 1992
TJX Companies
The Latin American Center for Human Economy (, sometimes CLAEH) is a Uruguayan non-profit organization and university founded in 1957. Based in Montevideo, its doctrinal inspiration comes from the current of Economics and Humanism, promoted since the 1940s by the Breton Dominican priest Louis-Joseph Lebret on Économie et humanisme, which affirms the values of the human person, solidarity and commitment to social change at the service of development.
History
In October 1997, 50 years after its foundation, CLAEH was officially recognized as a University Institute, and in 2017, the Ministry of Education and Culture recognized it as a University.
Schools
School of Medicine (Punta del Este Campus)
School of Culture (Punta del Este Campus)
Law School (Punta del Este Campus)
Source:
Undergraduate courses
Postgraduate courses
Masters' degrees
See also
List of universities in Uruguay
References
This article incorporates public domain material from School: Latin American Center for Human Economics (CLAEH) at the University Innovation Fellows wiki.
External links
Official Website
Universities in Uruguay
Education in Montevideo
Organizations established in 1957
1957 establishments in Uruguay
Cyrus "Buddy" Kalb Jr. (born July 15, 1938) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.  They are best known for hits such as "Mississippi Squirrel Revival", performed by Ray Stevens, and "Frog Kissin'", which was performed by numerous artists, including Chet Atkins. Several of Kalb's songs were co-written with their wife, Carlene.
Kalb's songwriting career is connected almost exclusively to Ray Stevens in that the two of them are often co-writers as well as acting partners in Stevens' long string of music videos. Kalb plays the straight man in almost any situation but often comes off as the comic foil when Stevens play it serious. Kalb can be seen playing the part of Harve Newlin in the "Mississippi Squirrel Revival" music video, a donut-eating police officer in the "It's Me Again, Margaret" music video, the music video director in "The Streak" music video, a drag queen in the "Surfin' USSR" music video, the head of Mission Control in the "Virgil and the Moonshot" music video, and the vibraphone player in the "Juanita and the Kids" music video. Kalb also portrays the character of Dudley Dorite in the "Dudley Dorite of the Highway Patrol" music video and the direct-to-video movie, Get Serious!. In the much anticipated music video for "The Blue Cyclone", Kalb plays the part of the title role.
This is just scratching the surface, though, as Kalb has appeared in many more music videos with Ray Stevens and currently appears alongside Stevens in the web-exclusive sitcom, We Ain't Dead Yet, which stars Stevens as a resident of a retirement home. Kalb has supplied Ray Stevens with numerous songs over the last 25 years, often at times being the main writer on various albums Stevens released in the early '90s. One album in particular, #1 With a Bullet, issued in 1991, featured ten songs and all but one was written/co-written by Kalb.
References
McClelland, John & Bratic, Deyan. (2004) "Chet Atkins in Three Dimensions". Pacific, MO, Mel Bay Publications.
External links
Living people
1938 births
American singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Place of birth missing (living people)
Incident at Echo Six is a 1958 British TV play set during the Cyprus Emergency (1955-1959). It starred Barry Foster and Tony Garnett. It was the TV debut of writer Troy Kennedy Martin who had done their national service in Cyprus. It led to Martin joining the BBC script department. It is unknown if a copy of the play still exists.
References
External links
Incident at Echo Six at BFI
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Cyprus
British television plays
1958 television plays
Cyprus Emergency
Television episodes written by Troy Kennedy Martin
Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Don Bell may refer to:
Don Bell (politician) (born 1942), Canadian politician
Don Bell (broadcaster), American radio broadcaster
Don Bell (curler), Canadian wheelchair curler
Wyszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
Monuments
3 wayside shrines (18th century)
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Piotrkówek Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
"We Will Become Silhouettes" is a single by American indie band the Postal Service, released February 8, 2005, under the Sub Pop Records label. The single included a new track "Be Still My Heart" and two remixed tracks by Matthew Dear ("We Will Become Silhouettes") and Styrofoam ("Nothing Better"). The title track has been used in a Honda Civic commercial. Indie band The Shins recorded an acoustic cover of the title track, which was included as a B-side on The Postal Service's "Such Great Heights".
"We Will Become Silhouettes" was the fourth single released by The Postal Service and is the band's most successful, reaching number three on the Canadian Singles Chart, number 82 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 92 on the UK Singles Chart.
The cover artwork was designed by Kozyndan, who have illustrated the previous singles as well.
Music video
The video for this song, directed by Jared Hess, consists of incongruously lighthearted footage of a family (consisting of band members Ben Gibbard, Jimmy Tamborello, frequent collaborator Jenny Lewis, and two young children) playing and singing the song, then riding bicycles into the desert and, at the very end, watching the sun set in the distance. Their odd clothing, the worn down houses they pass by, abandoned streets, and the lyrics may suggest the video takes place far in the future, post-nuclear attack.
Track listing
Charts
Covers
The song was covered by Jenny and Tyler in 2013 as a part of their For Freedom EP.
In popular culture
The song was used in the trailer for the 2009 film Funny People, and also appeared in the movie Love Happens the same year.
The Shins' cover of the song was featured in the 2011 film The Art of Getting By.
References
External links
AbsolutePunk (75%) link
Pitchfork Media (4.3/10), link
2003 songs
2005 singles
The Postal Service songs
Songs about nuclear war and weapons
Sub Pop singles
Songs written by Ben Gibbard
Songs written by Dntel
This article contains a list of all matches played during the 2016 Super Rugby regular season
Matches
The fixtures for the 2016 Super Rugby competition were released on 28 September 2015:
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
References
2016 Super Rugby season
Super Rugby lists
Henry Hene or Henn (died 1708) was an English-born judge who had a distinguished career in Ireland, and held the office of Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.
Background and early career
They were the eldest son of Hugh Henn, who was a page of the bedchamber to James I and Charles I and was appointed joint Keeper, with their brother, of the Queen's Garden, Greenwich in 1639. Henry's mother was Katherine Bickerstaff, daughter of Anthony Bickerstaff of Croydon.
Henry entered the Inner Temple in 1645 and was called to the Bar in 1653. Although they became a Bencher of the Inner Temple, their practice at the English Bar was not particularly successful and they moved in 1669 to Ireland, where they had relatives. They were admitted to the King's Inns and their Irish practice prospered: they were appointed Second Serjeant in 1670 and a Commissioner of Appeals in Revenue in 1671.
Judicial career
They became third Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) in 1673 and went regularly as judge of assize to Connaught; this became the subject of a well-known satire, Elegy on the Pig that followed Chief Baron Henn and Baron Worth from Connaught to Dublin. When John Bysse died in 1680 the Lord Lieutenant suggested that Sir Richard Reynell, 1st Baronet should be the new Chief Baron. However, the anti-Catholic hysteria engendered by Popish Plot was at its height and Reynell was suspected of Roman Catholic leanings. Charles II preferred Henn, as they were a staunch Protestant and a man with strong connections at Court.
After King Charles's death, Henn's Protestantism made them unacceptable to the new Catholic King James II, and they were removed from office in 1687, retiring to their parents house Rooksnest, in Tandridge, Surrey. After the Revolution of 1688, unlike some of Charles II's Irish judges, they showed no interest in returning to the Bench. They lived in retirement at Tandridge till their death in 1708.
Family
Henn was married, but whether or not they had any children is a matter of dispute. Elrington Ball, normally an authoritative source, states that their marriage was childless, and that their English property passed to their sister's son Edward Nelthorpe. On the other hand, some sources state that Richard Henn of Paradise Hill, founder of the prominent Henn family of Ballynacally, was the Chief Baron's son, and Ball accepts that they were a close relative. It is also possible that Richard was a nephew or first cousin of Henry, as the Henns were a numerous clan, with a rather tangled family tree. Richard's descendants included several distinguished judges and barristers, including William Henn, justice of the Court of King's Bench (Ireland), and William's grandson Sir Charles Villiers Stanford, the conductor and composer.
Character
Elrington Ball describes them as a man of integrity, learning, good judgment and blameless private life; but notes that they were not a good advocate, hence their long struggle to build up a large practice at the Bar.
References
People from Surrey
1708 deaths
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Members of the Inner Temple
Year of birth unknown
Chief Barons of the Irish Exchequer
Serjeants-at-law (Ireland)
František Marek (26 November 1899 – 18 July 1971) was a Czech architect. Their work was part of the architecture event in the art competition at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
References
1899 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Czech architects
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Rychnov nad Kněžnou District
Eloeophila maculata is a species of fly in the family Limoniidae.
It is a Palearctic species with a limited distribution in Europe
It is found in a wide range of habitats and micro habitats: in earth rich in humus, in swamps and marshes, in leaf litter and in wet spots in woods.
References
Limoniidae
Insects described in 1804
The Heptanese School of painting (, also known as the Ionian Islands School) succeeded the Cretan School as the leading school of Greek post-Byzantine painting after Crete fell to the Ottomans in 1669. Like the Cretan school, it combined Byzantine traditions with an increasing Western European artistic influence and also saw the first significant depiction of secular subjects. The school was based in the Ionian Islands, which were not part of Ottoman Greece, from the middle of the 17th century until the middle of the 19th century. The center of Greek art migrated urgently to the Ionian islands but countless Greek artists were influenced by the school including the ones living throughout the Greek communities in the Ottoman Empire and elsewhere in the world.
The early Heptanese school was influenced by Flemish, French, Italian and German engravings. Artists representative of that era were Theodore Poulakis, Elias Moskos and Emmanuel Tzanes. Notable works include The Fall of Man and Jacob's Ladder and Noah's Ark.
The early 1700s were influenced by Greek painters Nikolaos Kallergis and Panagiotis Doxaras. Greek art was no longer limited to the traditional maniera greca dominant in the Cretan School but the style evolved into the Stile di pittura Ionico or stile Ionico in English Ionian style. The movement featured a mixture of brilliant artists. They took risks in creating art that escaped tradition. Some examples of paintings include: Virgin Glykofilousa The Deposition from the Cross and Assumption of Mary. In the 1800s the Heptanese school featured prominent portrait painters Nikolaos Kantounis, Nikolaos Koutouzis and Gerasimos Pitsamanos. Other artists of the school included Spyridon Ventouras, Efstathios Karousos, Stephanos Tzangarolas and Spyridon Sperantzas.
History
The Ionian Islands or Heptanese from the 17th to the 19th century were under successive Venetian, French and English occupation. The relative freedom that the Heptanesian people enjoyed compared with the Ottoman-ruled mainland Greece, and the vicinity and the cultural relationships with neighboring Italy, resulted in the creation of the first modern art movement in Greece. Another reason for the regional blossoming of arts is the migration of artists from the rest of the Greek world, and especially Crete, to the Heptanese to escape Ottoman rule. From the Fall of Constantinople in the mid-15th century until its conquest by the Ottomans in the 17th century, Crete, also ruled by Venice, had been the main cultural center of Greece, giving rise to the Cretan School. The main representatives of the fusion of Heptanese and Cretan Schools are Michael Damaskinos, Spyridon Ventouras, , Manolis Tzanes, Konstantinos Tzanes and Stephanos Tzangarolas.
Artistic styles
Art in the Heptanese shifted towards Western styles by the end of the 17th century with the gradual abandonment of strict Byzantine conventions and techniques. Artists were now increasingly influenced by the Italian Baroque and Flemish painters rather than from their Byzantine heritage. Paintings began to have a three-dimensional perspective and the compositions became more flexible using Western realism, departing from the traditional representations that embodied Byzantine spirituality. Such changes were also reflected on the technique of oil painting on canvas which replaced the Byzantine technique of egg tempera on panel. Subjects included secular portraits of the bourgeoisie, which became more common than religious scenes. Bourgeois portraiture had an emblematic character which emphasised the class, profession and position of the individual in society. Frequently, however, these works also constitute penetrating psychological studies. The mature phase of the School of the Ionian Islands echoes the social developments as well as the changes that had occurred in the visual arts. Portraits began to lose their emblematic character. The early rigid poses were then succeeded by more relaxed attitudes. Other subjects from the School of the Ionian Islands included genre scenes, landscapes, and still lifes.
Heptanese School
The Heptanese was characterized by the influx of countless artists to the Ionian Islands. The early school shared characteristics with the late Cretan School. The Greek community continued to prefer the Greek style over traditional Renaissance Baroque-influenced oil paintings. Theodore Poulakis, Elias Moskos, and Emmanuel Tzanes were the early proponents of the Heptanese school. Heptanese art was characterized by art modeled after Italian, Dutch, and Flemish engravings. Some of the engravers were Cornelis Cort, Adriaen Collaert, Hieronymus Wierix, Jan Wierix, Hendrick Goltzius, and Francesco Villamena. For example, Poulaki's Noah's Ark was influenced by an engraving created by Jan Sadeler. Zakynthian painter Demetrios Stavrakis also adopted Sadeler's work in The Prophet Jonah. Two other notable engravers from the Sadeler family were Raphael Sadeler I, and Aegidius Sadeler II.
By the 1700s, Greek art continued to evolve but Tintoretto and Damaskinos influenced Greek art far less. The art of Greece included influences from all over the world Belgium, France, Germany, and Spain. Some Greek art also exhibited Ottoman characteristics. Several of Panagiotis Doxaras's Greek-style paintings heavily influenced the new image of the Heptanese school. Their oil paintings modeled after Leonardo da Vinci were not the major driving force of the new Greek art movement. Some of the proponents of the school included Efstathios Karousos, Nikolaos Kallergis, Spyridon Ventouras, Stylianos Stavrakis and Konstantinos Kontarinis.
The early Heptanese school was heavily characterized by paintings modeled after engravings such as The Fall of Man and Jacob's Ladder. Both painters belong to the late Cretan School and early Heptanese School. By the 1700s, artists were making bold changes to their artwork. This is visible in the Virgin Glykofilousa with the Akathist Hymn . Corfu artist Stephanos Tzangarolas introduced a more refined technique. They influenced the Virgin Glykofilousa painted by Kephalonian artist Andreas Karantinos. Around the same period Panagiotis Doxaras was experimenting with their Greek style. One notable painting of Christ is part of the iconostasis at Saint Demetrios Church. Zakynthos painter Nikolaos Kallergis also began to influence the evolution of the Greek style. Their work Angel Holding Symbols of the Passion defines the new movement. The Greeks grew out of the term maniera greca. The terminology solely lies with the Cretan School. Stile di pittura Ionico or stile Ionico. The Ionian style defines the art of the Heptanese school which would be traditionally viewed as the maniera greca. By the middle of the 1700s Zakynthos painter Stylianos Stavrakis created their own version of the Vision of Constantine (Stavarkis). It exhibited characteristics of the Late Cretan School but is representative of the stile Ionico. Artists from Lefkada began to paint a shared theme relating to the life of John Chrysostom. Spyridon Ventouras created a notable painting called A Scene from the Life of John Chrysostom in 1797.
Three artists carried the art of the Heptanese school outside of the Greek world. Spyridon Sperantzas traveled to Trieste where they had a successful active workshop. Efstathios Karousos finished major works in Naples. and Spiridione Roma traveled to Sicily than England. The art of the Heptanese School also influenced other Greek painters living outside of the Greek artistic epicenter. Athenian fresco painter Georgios Markou traveled to Venice and the Ionian islands. Countless works were sold throughout the Greek community and Heptanese painting was the prevalent style in Greek communities. Many works were sent to the two major Greek monasteries Mount Athos and Mount Sinai. By the 1800s the school evolved and could sustain portrait painters. Some of the painters included Gerasimos Pitsamanos, Nikolaos Kantounis, and Nikolaos Koutouzis. Nikolaos Kantounis and Nikolaos Koutouzis each feature artistic catalogs with over 100 paintings.
Oil painters
Some examples of the new western influenced art can be seen on the frescoed ceilings of churches which were known as ourania or sofita. A pioneer in the change was Panagiotis Doxaras (1662–1729), a Maniot who was taught Byzantine iconography from the Cretan Leos Moskos. Later Doxaras traveled to Venice to study painting. They abandoned Byzantine iconography to dedicate themselves to western art. They used the works of Paolo Veronese as their guide. They later frescoed the ceiling of the church of Saint Spyridon in Corfu. In 1726, they wrote the famous although controversial and much-debated theoretical text On painting () in which they addressed the need for Greek art to depart from the Byzantine art towards western European art. Their article even today is the subject of much discussion in Greece.
Nikolaos Doxaras (1700/1706–1775), son of Panagiotis Doxaras continued the artistic legacy of their father. Between 1753 and 1754, they frescoed the ceiling of Saint Faneromeni Church, in Zakynthos. Regrettably, it was destroyed by an earthquake in 1953. Only a part of it was saved. It is exhibited today at the local museum. Other contemporary artists of Doxaras were Ieronymos Stratis Plakotos (c.1662-1728), also from Zakynthos, and the Corfiot Stefanos Pazigetis.
The Zakynthos priests and painters Nikolaos Koutouzis (1741–1813) and their pupil Nikolaos Kantounis (1767–1834) continued to paint according to western European standards and were particularly known for their realistic portraiture that emphasizes the emotional background of the subject. Dionysios Kallivokas (1806–1877) and Dionysios Tsokos (1820–1862) are generally considered to be the last painters of the Heptanese School.
Later Heptanese artists
The sculptor and painter Pavlos Prosalentis is the first neoclassical sculptor of modern Greece. , a sculptor, architect and painter produced the marble bust of Countess Helen Mocenigo, a portrait of Nikolaos Mantzaros and a portrait of Ioannis Romanos. was another exponent of the prevailing neoclassical architectural trend. Some of their most important works are the Capodistria Mansion, the Ionian Bank, the former Ionian Parliament, the churches of St. Sophia and All Saints and the little church of Mandrakina. Dionysios Vegias was born in Cephalonia in 1819, considered to be one of the first to practice the art of engraving in Greece. Charalambos Pachis founded in 1870 a private school of painting in Corfu and is considered as the most important landscape painter of the Heptanese School along with Angelos Giallinas that specialised in watercolours. Another well-known painter is Georgios Samartzis, who was almost restricted to portraiture. is best known for their watercolours and Markos Zavitsianos excelled in portrait painting and is considered an outstanding exponent of pictorial art in Greece.
End of the Heptanese School period
Later Heptanese painters such as Nikolaos Xydias Typaldos (1826/1828–1909), Spyridon Prosalentis (1830–1895), Charalambos Pachis (1844–1891), and many others seem to distance themselves from the Heptanese school principles and are influenced by more modern Western European artistic movements. The liberation of Greece has transferred the Greek cultural centre from the Heptanese to Athens. Particularly important for that was the foundation in 1837 of the Athens Polytechnic that preceded the Athens School of Fine Arts. In the new school many artists were invited to teach such as the Italian Raffaello Ceccoli (fl.1839-1852), the French , the German Ludwig Thiersch and the Greeks and their father, Vikentios. Among the first students of the school was Theodoros Vryzakis.
Research
The Heptanese School features countless works of art and artists. Manolis Hatzidakis
conducted massive research in the field.  They are considered the 20th century Giorgio Vasari and Bernardo de' Dominici. They helped shape the Institute of Neohellenic Research. Three important Encyclopedias were published within the last thirty years cataloging painters and artists. The books feature
records of countless artists from the Fall of the Byzantine Empire until the onset of modern Greece. It is the first time in history Greek painters were listed on this magnitude and scale. The work is similar to Giorgio Vasari's Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects and Bernardo de' Dominici's Vite dei Pittori, Scultori, ed Architetti Napolitani.
The encyclopedias feature thousands of frescos, paintings, and other artistic works.
The books illustrate hundreds of painters. Regrettably, the three volumes are currently available in Greek and are entitled Έλληνες Ζωγράφοι μετά την Άλωση (1450-1830) or Greek painters after the fall (1450-1830). Eugenia Drakopoulou and Manolis Hatzidakis were the predominant contributors. The three volumes were published in 1987, 1997, and 2010. The books feature many artists from the Heptanese School during the Baroque, Rococo, Neoclassicism, and Romanticism periods in Greek art. The books feature artists and artwork up until the Modern Greek art period. Drakopoulou continues research for the institute until today.
Greece and the European Union have digitally archived hi-resolution paintings, frescoes, and other works of art after the fall of Constantinople (1450-1830). The government also features biographical details and an index of artistic works. The Institute of Neohellenic Research cataloged portable icons, church frescoes, and or any other artistic works. It is the first time in history a systematic record was accumulated in Greece representing the period.
Gallery
See also
Greek art
Ionian Islands
Modern Greek art
National Gallery (Athens)
Benaki Museum
References
External links
Corfu Fine Arts
Bibliography
Culture of the Ionian Islands
Baroque paintings
Icon-painting schools
Realme (stylized as realme) is a Chinese consumer electronics manufacturer based in Shenzhen, Guangdong. It was founded by Li Bingzhong (known as Sky Li) on May 4, 2018, who was former vice president of Oppo. Started originally as a sub-brand of Oppo, Realme eventually ventured as its own brand. Realme then became the fastest-growing 5G smartphone brand in Q3 2021 with an 831% growth rate.
History
Realme was founded on May 4, 2018. Before that it was a sub-brand of Oppo, which is itself a subsidiary of BBK Electronics, until its formation as a spinoff on May 4, 2018.
In May 2018, they released their first phone, Realme 1.
On July 30, 2018, Sky Li announced their resignation from Oppo and their intention to establish Realme as an independent brand on Sina Weibo.
On November 15, 2018, Realme adopted a new logo.
On November 22, 2018, Realme became an emerging brand in the Indian market. The sales of Realme devices in India have since surpassed the sales of Oppo. Realme has been the fourth largest smartphone brand in India since 2019, behind Xiaomi, Samsung, and Vivo. Realme holds records in India for fastest-charging smartphone and India's first 5G smartphone.
On May 15, 2019, Realme held its first conference in Beijing to enter the Chinese domestic market, launching the Realme X, Realme X Lite and Realme X Master Edition.
In June 2019, Realme announced its entry into the European market.
On June 26, 2019, Realme released its first photo taken with its 64MP camera.
By July 2019, Realme had entered markets including China, South Asia, Southeast Asia and Europe.
By August 2019, Realme surpassed 10 million users.
In August 2019, Realme showed a prototype device with a quadruple 64MP camera in China and India.
In 2021, the brand had a user base in Europe and Asia that one review described as "fairly wide".
On May 16, 2022, Francis Wong takes over as CEO of Realme Europe.
On May 18, 2022, Realme announces Narzo 50 5G and 50 Pro 5G.
Products
The company has a large number of products, particularly in the Indian market.
References
External links
Realme
Chinese brands
Mobile phone manufacturers
Chinese companies established in 2018
Electronics companies of China
Privately held companies of China
Mobile phone companies of China
2018 establishments in China
BBK Electronics
Shamann Walton is an American politician from San Francisco. They have been a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors since 2019, representing District 10, and was elected President of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors on January 8, 2021. Walton earlier served on the San Francisco Board of Education and was its president immediately prior to their election as supervisor.
Early life
Walton was raised by their mother in Vallejo, California. Their teenage years were often troubled, having been expelled from the Vallejo City Unified School District and served in juvenile hall numerous times.
Walton graduated from Morris Brown College in 1998. They received their master's degree in public administration from San Francisco State University in 2010.
San Francisco Board of Supervisors
Walton was elected supervisor for District 10 on November 6, 2018, receiving 9,550 first preference votes (41.22 percent of all valid votes). After allocation of preferences from eliminated candidates in San Francisco's ranked-choice voting system, Walton received 63.07 percent of final-round votes, compared to runner-up Tony Kelly's 36.93 percent. They were sworn in at the Board of Supervisors' January 8, 2019 meeting, replacing Malia Cohen, who was ineligible to run for re-election after two four-year terms and had been elected to the California Board of Equalization.
The Board elected Walton to Board President in 2021.
Housing
Walton was the only San Francisco Board of Supervisors member to explicitly reject a potential plan to allow four-plexes in San Francisco in areas previously restricted to single-family housing (which had been implemented in the neighboring city of Sacramento). They stated that the Sacramento bill "would speed up the gentrification" and "this policy is bad for San Francisco."
In 2019, Walton supported a resolution that expressed opposition to California Senate Bill 50, which mandates denser housing near “job-rich” areas and transit hubs.
Policing
In December 2018, Walton and supervisor Hillary Ronen put forth legislation calling to close San Francisco's youth detention center by December 2021.
In June 2020, during the nationwide George Floyd protests, they introduced a resolution to ban the San Francisco Police Department and Sheriff's Department from hiring officers with a history of serious misconduct. In October, they introduced the CAREN act, which would make fraudulent emergency telephone calls motivated by racism illegal.
Racial issues
In February 2020, Walton put forth a resolution calling for reparations for the city's African American population. The resolution itself forms a working group that will further develop the plan.
In July 2022, Walton admitted to using a racial slur against an African American sheriff's cadet at San Francisco City Hall because they were frustrated with having to take off their belt for metal detectors.
Transportation
In July 2020, Walton and supervisor Aaron Peskin opted to not introduce a $100 million sales tax measure into the November 2020 ballots to finance Caltrain, which has seen a 95% reduction in ridership due to the COVID-19 pandemic in California. Ride fares account for 70% of the service's operating budget. The supervisors cite the lack of shared authority on the Joint Powers Board over the train line's management, which was operated by the SamTrans, and the regressive nature of the sales tax to fund operations for a service whose customer base has a mean income of $120,000 as pain points to supporting the measure. However, Peskin mentioned that the measure can still be introduced by the mayor or other supervisors if they wanted to. The supervisors later changed their minds when Caltrain pledged to make changes to its structure, making it more independent from SamTrans.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, John F Kennedy Drive in Golden Gate Park was made car-free. Walton and Ahsha Safaí opposed making the JFK Drive car-free after the pandemic. Walton argued that keeping the street car-free was segregationist and recreational redlining. Data obtained by the San Francisco Recreation & Parks Department showed that no district showed a change in its proportion of overall visits to JFK Drive by more than 1.5% during the pandemic, with Walton's District 10 showing a decrease of 0.3%.
Personal life
Walton is a Christian.  They are a father of two.
References
Sources
Living people
San Francisco Board of Supervisors members
21st-century American politicians
California Democrats
Year of birth missing (living people)
African-American city council members in California
Morris Brown College alumni
San Francisco State University alumni
People from Vallejo, California
American Christians
21st-century African-American politicians
Chojeczno-Cesarze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Chojeczno-Cesarze
Robert L. King (January 29, 1941 – July 22, 1983) was an American Chicago blues guitarist, singer and songwriter. King worked with Hank Ballard and the Midnighters, Bobby Bland, Lee "Shot" Williams, Eddy Clearwater, Freddie King, Lonnie Johnson, The Aces and Sonny Thompson. Although they may be better remembered as a session musician, between 1962 and 1975, King recorded four singles and one album.
Following a violent altercation in a Chicago nightclub, King died from their injuries at the age of 42.
Biography
Bobby King was born in Jefferson County, Arkansas, United States. They were inspired by the work of Fenton Robinson and Larry Davis, before their relocation to Chicago, Illinois, following a short spell in 1959 in St. Louis, Missouri. They became a local favorite largely operating in the West Side, Chicago blues clubs, before their second single, "What a Day, What a Night" (1964), brought them to a larger audience.
King's jazz styled guitar work saw them used as a session musician, recording behind blues musicians such as Lee "Shot" Williams, Eddy Clearwater and Freddie King. They also toured, backing both Bobby Bland and Hank Ballard. Their debut single, "Thanks Mr. Postman", an answer song to "Please Mr. Postman", had been released by Federal Records in 1962. Two other singles followed on small local labels, but none attracted tangible sales.
In 1975, their debut album release, Chaser, a live recording, was issued on the French label MCM Records. King wrote two of the songs, including the title track. In 1977, an article on King appeared in the Blues Unlimited magazine.
King planned to undertake a tour of Europe and Japan, but a violent quarrel arose at Louise's, a Chicago club, which left King badly injured and unable to play the guitar. They subsequently died from their wounds on July 22, 1983. An obituary appeared in Living Blues magazine (issue No. 58) later that year.
King's work has appeared on a number of compilation albums. These include King New Breed Rhythm & Blues (2002) which incorporated "Thanks Mr. Postman", R&B Hipshakers Vol. 3: Just a Little Bit of the Jumpin' Bean (2012), and The R & B Singles Collection Volume 2 (2013).
Discography
Singles
Albums
NB. Chaser contained two King compositions, including the title track; otherwise the tracks are mainly covers of blues standards. It was re-released on CD on Storyville Records (1998)
See also
List of Chicago blues musicians
References
External links
Soundfile of full concert at Queen Bee's Lounge
1941 births
1983 deaths
Blues musicians from Arkansas
American blues guitarists
American blues singers
20th-century African-American male singers
Chicago blues musicians
Guitarists from Arkansas
Songwriters from Arkansas
Electric blues musicians
People from Jefferson County, Arkansas
African-American male guitarists
Federal Records artists
Rounder Records artists
African-American songwriters
African-American guitarists
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
American male songwriters
The IEEE Task Force on Process Mining (TFPM) is a non-commercial association for process mining. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) Task Force on Process Mining was established in October 2009 as part of the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society at the Eindhoven University of Technology.
The task force is supported by over 80 organizations and has around 750 members. The main goal of the task force is to promote the research, development, education, and understanding of process mining.
Goals
The goals of the Task Force on Process Mining include:
promote the research, development, education and understanding of process mining
make end-users, developers, consultants, and researchers aware of the state-of-the-art in process mining
promote the use of process mining techniques and tools and stimulate new applications
play a role in standardization efforts for logging event data (e.g., XES)
organize tutorials, special sessions, workshops, competitions, and panels
develop material (papers, books, online courses, movies, etc.) to inform and guide people new to the field
Activities and organization
The Task Force on Process Mining has a Steering Committee and an Advisory Board. The Steering Committee, chaired by Wil van der Aalst since its inception in 2009, defined 15 action lines. These include the organization of the annual International Process Mining Conference (ICPM) series, standardization efforts leading to the IEEE XES standard for storing and exchanging event data, and the Process Mining Manifesto which was translated into 16 languages. The Task Force on Process Mining also publishes a newsletter, provides data sets, organizes workshops and competitions, and connects researchers and practitioners.
In 2016, the IEEE Standards Association published the IEEE Standard for Extensible Event Stream (XES), which is a widely accepted file format by the process mining community.
Supporting organizations
The Task Force on Process Mining is supported by most of the process mining vendors (e.g., Celonis, Fluxicon, UiPath, QPR, ABBYY, LANA, Logpicker, Minit, Myinvenio, PAFnow, Signavio and Software AG), consultancy firms (KPMG, Deloitte, etc.), universities (e.g., RWTH, TU/e, QUT, UniBZ, and DTU), research institutes (e.g., Fraunhofer FIT), and organizations using process mining at a large scale (e.g., ABB, Bosch, and Siemens). In total over 80 organizations support the task force and there are around 750 individual members.
See also
Process mining
Business process management
Official website
References
Further reading
Aalst, W. van der (2016). Process Mining: Data Science in Action. Springer Verlag, Berlin ().
Reinkemeyer, L. (2020). Process Mining in Action: Principles, Use Cases and Outlook. Springer Verlag, Berlin ().
IEEE Task Force on Process Mining. Process Mining Manifesto. In F. Daniel, K. Barkaoui, and S. Dustdar, editors, Business Process Management Workshops, volume 99 of Lecture Notes in Business Information Processing, pages 169–194. Springer-Verlag, Berlin, 2012 (open access). https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-3-642-28108-2_19
Information science
Computer occupations
Computational fields of study
Data analysis
The 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament was a List A cricket competition that took place in Sri Lanka. It ran from 14 to 31 December 2019, with twenty-five teams taking part. It was the first edition of the Invitation Limited Over Tournament, replacing the Premier Limited Overs Tournament, after Sri Lanka Cricket failed to approve the latter due to delays in their domestic cricket structure. Sinhalese Sports Club won the last edition of the Premier Limited Overs Tournament.
On 19 December 2019, Sandun Weerakkody scored the fastest List A century by a Sri Lankan batsman, scoring 101 not out from 39 balls for Sinhalese Sports Club against Burgher Recreation Club. The following day, only one of the twelve scheduled matches reached a result, with the other eleven fixtures all abandoned due to rain.
Ahead of the final day of fixtures, Sinhalese Sports Club, Sri Lanka Army Sports Club, Nondescripts Cricket Club, Panadura Sports Club, Saracens Sports Club, Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club and Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club had all qualified for the quarterfinals. Following the conclusion of the final day of group matches, Chilaw Marians Cricket Club had also reached the quarterfinals of the tournament. Sinhalese Sports Club, Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, Nondescripts Cricket Club and Sri Lanka Army Sports Club all won their quarterfinal matches to progress in the competition.
Chilaw Marians Cricket Club and Nondescripts Cricket Club won their respective semi-final matches to advance to the final of the tournament. Chilaw Marians Cricket Club beat Nondescripts in the final by 91 runs to win the tournament.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Quarterfinals
Finals
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
Invitation Limited Over Tournament
Invitation Limited Over Tournament
Ernest Hewett is a Democratic politician from New London, Connecticut. They represented Connecticut's 39th assembly district in the Connecticut House of Representatives and was the Deputy Speaker of the House before being forced to resign following a scandal over a lewd comment the Representative made on the record to a teenage girl.
Early and personal life
Ernest Hewett was born in Cedar Grove, North Carolina. From 1974 to 1994 they worked as a welder at Electric Boat.  They are married to Patricia Hewett. The couple reside in New London and have three children.
Political career
Local
Hewett was elected to the New London City council in 1996 and sat on the council until 2002. They served as the Deputy Mayor of New London from 1999 to 2000 and as Mayor from 2000 to 2001.
State
Ernest Hewett was elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives in 2005 and served until 2017 when they were defeated in the Democratic primary by challenger Chris Soto. In 2013 they were at the center of a political scandal when they were alleged to have verbally sexually harassed a high school girl who was testifying before the Appropriations Committee about the Connecticut Science Center in Hartford. The session was recorded and on the recording Representative Hewett can be heard telling the witness, who talked about overcoming their fear of snakes during the course of an experience at the Science Center, "And if you're bashful, I've got a snake settin' under my desk here." Hewett refused calls to step down. They created further controversy when they defended themselves in an interview by saying “I purposely will not have female interns. My intern now is a male. I want to keep it like that." Hewett also claimed to be the “victim” in the whole affair and refused to acknowledge the sexual nature of their comment.
References
Sources
Living people
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Members of the Connecticut General Assembly
Connecticut Democrats
Year of birth missing (living people)
Psalms and Prayers is one of the Seven Scriptures of Mani.
This scripture is transliterated as "Afuyin Bu" in Chinese, which is derived from Medieval Persian "" Or Parthian "", which means "praise".
Contents
This scripture mainly contains poems written by Mani and their disciples. It is recorded in the Coptic "The Second Part of the Hymnal Collection" that Mani wrote two hymns, but these two poems are not found in the existing collection of Coptic poems. The Parthian document M40 R is said to be a fragment of "Vuzurgān Afrīwān" (Vuzurgān Afrīwān), praising the Father of Greatness, and is a translation of Mani's original Aramaic text. Parthian documents M538 and M75 are said to be fragments of the "Little Praise Sutra" (Qšūdagān Afrīwān), praising the Father, the Twelve Kings of Light, the world of light, the spirit of life, and the place of praise.
See also
Mani
Seven Sutras of Mani
Manichaeism
References
Manichaean texts
Texts in Coptic
3rd-century books
Lost religious texts
Manichaeism
Robert Allan Lewis (born 7 October 1942) is a former international rugby union player.
They were capped six times by Wales as a scrum-half between 1966 and 1967.
They were selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand, and played in the last three internationals against the All Blacks. They also toured South Africa with Wales in 1964.
They played club rugby for Abertillery and Newport.
References
1942 births
Living people
Abertillery RFC players
Blaenavon RFC players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Wales
Newport RFC players
Rugby union players from Blaenavon
Rugby union scrum-halves
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
AKKRA may refer to:
Accra, the capital city of Ghana
Acra (fortress) in Jerusalem during the Hellenistic period
Aqrah, city of Iraq
Akkra, a type of fritter
Philip Wenman, 7th Viscount Wenman (18 April 1742 – 26 March 1800), styled The Honourable Philip Wenman until 1760, was a British landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1768 to 1796.
Wenman was the son of Philip Wenman, 6th Viscount Wenman, by Sophia, the eldest daughter and co-heir of James Herbert, of Tythorpe, Oxfordshire. Thomas Wenman was their younger brother. In February, 1760 they matriculated at Oriel College, Oxford.
In August 1760, aged 18, they succeeded in the viscountcy and to Thame Park on the early death of their father.
The viscountcy was an Irish peerage and did not entitle them to a seat in the English House of Lords. In 1768 they were instead returned to the British House of Commons as a Knight of the Shire for Oxfordshire, a seat they held for the next 28 years.
Lord Wenman married Lady Eleanor, fifth daughter of Willoughby Bertie, 3rd Earl of Abingdon, in 1766. They died in March 1800, aged 57, when the viscountcy became extinct. Thame Park passed to their 10-year-old niece Sophia Elizabeth Wykeham, later created the 1st (and last) Baroness Wenman, who took up residence there.
References
1742 births
1800 deaths
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
British MPs 1768–1774
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
British MPs 1790–1796
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
During the 1995–96 English football season, Blackburn Rovers F.C. competed in the FA Premier League (known as the FA Carling Premiership for sponsorship reasons).
Season summary
Blackburn had a disappointing title defence in the Premier League, dropping to 7th in the standings in the wake of Kenny Dalglish's resignation as manager. Their first half of the season was little short of disastrous, their 5–0 defeat at struggling Coventry City in mid December being their eighth in the league, with relegation a distinct possibility. However, Blackburn improved in the second half of the season, losing just five more games and only narrowly missing out on a UEFA Cup place.
They also got knocked out of the Champions League already in the group stage against comparatively unknown Rosenborg and Legia Warsaw. Compounding the misery was the sale of fan favourite and top scorer Alan Shearer, who went to Newcastle for a British transfer record at the end of July.
Final league table
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Blackburn Rovers' score comes first
Legend
FA Premier League
FA Charity Shield
FA Cup
League Cup
UEFA Champions League
Squad
Left club during season
Reserve squad
Transfers
In
Out
Transfers in: £5,750,000
Transfers out: £1,050,000
Total spending: £4,700,000
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Starting 11
Only considering Premier League starts
GK: #1, Tim Flowers, 37
RB: #20, Henning Berg, 38
CB: #5, Colin Hendry, 33
CB: #2, Chris Coleman, 19
LB: #3, Jeff Kenna, 32
RM: #7, Stuart Ripley, 28
CM: #23, David Batty, 23
CM: #4, Tim Sherwood, 33
LM: #22, Lars Bohinen, 17
CF: #9, Alan Shearer, 35
CF: #10, Mike Newell, 25
References
Blackburn Rovers F.C. seasons
Blackburn Rovers
Paung-deh or Paungde is a town in Pyay District, Pegu region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Paungde Township.
References
External links
"Paungde Map — Satellite Images of Paungde" Maplandia
Township capitals of Myanmar
Populated places in Bago Region
"Love Was on Our Side" is a single by Canadian country music group Family Brown. Released in 1979, it was a single from their album Familiar Faces, Familiar Places. The song reached number one on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada in March 1980.
Chart performance
References
1979 singles
Family Brown songs
RCA Records singles
Davazlar is a village in the District of Demre, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Demre District
A degradative enzyme is an enzyme (in a broader sense a protein) which degrades biological molecules. Some examples of degradative enzymes:
Lipase, which digests lipids,
Carbohydrases, which digest carbohydrates (e.g., sugars),
Proteases, which digest proteins,
Nucleases, which digest nucleic acids.
Cathelicidins, antimicrobial polypeptides found in lysosomes.
References
See also
Hydrolase
Enzymes
Radio Sonora is the state radio network of the Mexican state of Sonora. It serves 95% of the state through its 30 FM transmitters, making it the second-largest state radio network in Mexico.
It began operations during the government of Samuel Ocaña García (1979–85).
Transmitters
The state of Sonora owns 30 radio transmitters, the second-most of any state in Mexico, to carry the Radio Sonora network. Bacerac and San Javier were added in September 2021.
Notes:
References
External links
Radio stations in Sonora
Public radio in Mexico
Wayne Anthony Selden Jr. (born September 30, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for Scaligera Verona of the LBA. They played college basketball for the Kansas Jayhawks.
High school career
Selden first attended John D. O'Bryant as a first-year student before transferring to Tilton School. There, they averaged 24.8 points, 10.1 rebounds and four assists during their senior year, earning McDonald's All-American. They were the East team's second-leading scorer in the McDonald's All-American game, going 5-for-7 from the field, 2-for-4 from three-point range, for 13 points with five rebounds and three assists and played in the Jordan Brand Classic game. When they graduated, they were considered a five-star player and was ranked No. 14 on the ESPN 100 and No. 12 by Rivals.com.
College career
Selden played three years of college basketball for the Kansas Jayhawks. As a junior in 2015–16, they earned second-team All-Big 12 honors and was named to the 35-man midseason watchlist for the Naismith Trophy. They appeared in 38 games (37 starts) for the Jayhawks during their junior season and averaged 13.8 points, 3.4 rebounds and 2.6 assists in 29.9 minutes while shooting 47.4 percent from the field, 39.2 percent from three-point range and 61.2 percent from the free throw line.
On March 29, 2016, Selden declared for the NBA draft, forgoing their final year of college eligibility.
Professional career
Iowa Energy (2016–2017)
After going undrafted in the 2016 NBA draft, Selden signed with the Memphis Grizzlies on August 8, 2016. They were waived by the Grizzlies on October 22, 2016 after appearing in five preseason games. Seven days later, they were acquired by the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development League as an affiliate of the Grizzlies. In 35 games for Iowa, they averaged 18.5 points, 4.8 rebounds and 2.9 assists in 30.6 minutes.
New Orleans Pelicans (2017)
On March 8, 2017, Selden signed a 10-day contract with the New Orleans Pelicans. They made their NBA debut six days later, recording two points, three rebounds and one assist in 15 minutes as a starter in a 100–77 win over the Portland Trail Blazers. On March 17, 2017, in their third career NBA game, Selden scored 11 points in a 128–112 win over the Houston Rockets.
Memphis Grizzlies (2017–2019)
On March 18, 2017, following the expiration of their 10-day contract with New Orleans, Selden signed a multi-year contract with the Memphis Grizzlies. On April 7, 2017, they scored a career-high 13 points in a 101–88 win over the New York Knicks. In their playoff debut on April 15, 2017, they recorded five points, three rebounds, one assist and one steal while starting in Game 1 of the Grizzlies' first-round match-up with the San Antonio Spurs.
On July 1, 2017, Selden signed a new multi-year contract with the Grizzlies. On November 10, 2017, they were assigned to the Memphis Hustle of the NBA G League. They played that night and was recalled by the Grizzlies the following day. Selden missed much of the first half of the 2017–18 season with a right quad injury. On January 20, 2018, they scored a career-high 31 points in a 111–104 loss to the New Orleans Pelicans.
Chicago Bulls (2019)
On January 3, 2019, Selden was traded, along with MarShon Brooks and the Grizzlies' 2019 and 2020 second-round picks, to the Chicago Bulls in exchange for Justin Holiday.
South Bay Lakers (2020)
On January 17, 2020, Selden was signed by the South Bay Lakers. Selden tallied 28 points, seven rebounds, three assists and a block in a win over the Iowa Wolves on February 25. They suffered a knee injury on February 29 against the Agua Caliente Clippers and missed the remainder of the season.
Ironi Ness Ziona (2020–2021)
On December 8, 2020, Selden was signed by Ironi Nes Ziona of Israel. With Nes Ziona, they won the FIBA Europe Cup and was named Final Four MVP in the process.
New York Knicks (2021–2022)
On September 25, 2021, Selden signed with the New York Knicks. On January 3, 2022, they were waived.
Afyon Belediye (2022)
On January 20, 2022, Selden signed with Afyon Belediye of the Basketball Super League.
Return to Ironi (2022)
On April 5, 2022, Selden signed with Ironi Ness Ziona for their second stint with the team.
Scaligera Verona (2022–present)
On July 30, 2022, they have signed with Scaligera Verona in the Serie A2 Basket.
National team career
Selden competed for the United States in the 2015 World University Games. They averaged 19.5 points and 6.5 rebounds in leading Team USA to an 8–0 record and an 84–77 victory over Germany in the gold medal game.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New Orleans
| 3 || 3 || 15.7 || .625 || .571 || .500 || 1.7 || .3 || .7 || .0 || 5.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 11 || 2 || 17.2 || .400 || .143 || .667 || 1.0 || 1.1 || .4 || .1 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 35 || 9 || 19.8 || .431 || .402 || .746 || 1.6 || 1.9 || .5 || .1 || 9.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 32 || 0 || 14.2 || .404 || .317 || .759 || 1.4 || 1.1 || .3 || .2 || 5.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Chicago
| 43 || 13 || 22.9 || .407 || .315 || .714 || 3.2 || 1.7 || .5 || .2 || 8.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|New York
| 3 || 0 || 6.3 || .250 || .500 || .500 || .3 || .3 || .0 || .0 || 1.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 127 || 27 || 18.8 || .415 || .344 || .718 || 2.0 || 1.5 || .4 || .1 || 7.2
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2017
| style="text-align:left;"|Memphis
| 6 || 2 || 17.7 || .346 || .182 || .750 || 1.5 || 1.2 || .2 || .2 || 3.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 6 || 2 || 17.7 || .346 || .182 || .750 || 1.5 || 1.2 || .2 || .2 || 3.8
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"|Kansas
| 35 || 35 || 29.2 || .437 || .328 || .629 || 2.6 || 2.5 || .7 || .3 || 9.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"|Kansas
| 36 || 36 || 29.4 || .382 || .365 || .657 || 2.8 || 2.6 || .6 || .5 || 9.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"|Kansas
| 38 || 37 || 29.8 || .474 || .392 || .612 || 3.4 || 2.6 || .7 || .3 || 13.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 109 || 108 || 29.5 || .436 || .366 || .632 || 3.0 || 2.6 || .7 || .4 || 11.0
Personal life
Selden is the son of Wayne Selden Sr. and Lavette Pitts, and has a brother and sister, Anthony Selden and Taylor Guarino-Selden.
References
External links
Kansas Jayhawks bio
1994 births
Living people
Afyonkarahisar Belediyespor players
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Boston
Chicago Bulls players
Iowa Energy players
Ironi Nes Ziona B.C. players
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
Memphis Grizzlies players
Memphis Hustle players
New Orleans Pelicans players
New York Knicks players
People from Roxbury, Boston
Shooting guards
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Lipce may refer to the following places:
In Poland:
Lipce, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lipce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Lipce, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
In Slovenia:
Lipce, Jesenice, a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice
See also
Lipce Reymontowskie, Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship
Patricia Beach Provincial Park is a provincial park on the south-east shore of Balsam Bay on Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba, Canada. The park is located within the Rural Municipality of St. Clements and can be accessed by road from Manitoba Provincial Road 319. In the summer, people relax by the lake on the fine sand beach.During the winter, people using snowmobiles or quads to go ice fishing on Balsam Bay get on to the lake from the south parking lot.
History
Patricia Beach Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 1961. It is in size. Facilities within the park are limited to washrooms and a concession during the summer months.
Geography
The park is located on a narrow strip of sand and gravel extending between Balsam Bay in Lake Winnipeg and marshy Beaconia Lake. This barrier beach is broken by a channel at the northern end of the park allowing water from the lagoon into the lake itself. The lake shore drops off very gradually with many shifting sandbars below the water surface. The fine sand beach is backed by thinly vegetated active sand dunes. A strip of forest divides the sandy areas from the inland marsh. The width of the open beach area is dependent on the overall level of the Lake Winnipeg south basin. In addition, wind driven seiche events can cause the water to rise or lower over the ice-free season.
Ecology
The park is identified as a birding hotspot with over 220 species recorded observed. The southern half is within the boundaries of the Netley-Libau Marsh Important Bird Area (IBA), enclosing a network of wetlands on either side of the outflow of the Red River into Lake Winnipeg. This network of marshes provide an important staging area for birds migrating to southern wintering grounds.
See also
List of provincial parks in Manitoba
References
External links
iNaturalist: Patricia Beach Provincial Park
eBird Hotspot: Patricia Beach Provincial Park
Provincial parks of Manitoba
1961 establishments in Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
The New Cambridge Modern History replaced the original Cambridge Modern History in an entirely new project with all new editors and contributors. It was published by Cambridge University Press in fourteen volumes between the 1950s and the 1970s. It included a wide range of new scholarship on traditional themes as well as more coverage of science, technology, political ideas, the arts, intellectual history, and the art of warfare. The Shifting Balance of World Forces 1898–1945 brought the chronology down to 1945. The chair of the editorial board was Sir George Norman Clark.
The New Cambridge Modern History has been described as "a comprehensive examination of the political, economic, social, and cultural development of the world from 1493 to 1945".
The final volume is a new Historical atlas. Some volumes have appeared in revised editions.
Volumes published
I. The Renaissance, 1493-1520 (1957)
George Richard Potter & Denys Hay, eds.
Hans Baron, chapter 3, 'Fifteenth-century civilisation and the Renaissance'
Rudolf Wittkower, 'The Arts in Western Europe: Italy' (pp. 127–153)
Leopold Ettlinger, 'The Arts in Western Europe: Northern Europe' (pp. 153–165)
Harold Lawton, 'The Arts in Western Europe: Vernacular Literature in Western Europe'
II. The Reformation, 1520-1559 (1958, new ed. 1990)
Geoffrey Rudolph Elton, ed.
III. The Counter-Reformation and price revolution, 1559-1610 (1968)
R. B. Wernham, ed.
IV. The Decline of Spain and the Thirty Years War 1609-48/59 (1970)
J. P. Cooper, ed.
Roland Mousnier, 'French Institutions and Society, 1610-1661'
V. The Ascendancy of France 1648-88 (1961)
F. L. Carsten
VI. The rise of Great Britain and Russia, 1688-1715/25 (1970)
J. S. Bromley, ed.
VII. The Old Regime, 1713-1763 (1957, new ed. 1996)
J. O. Lindsay, ed.
VIII. The American and French Revolutions 1763-93 (1965)
A. Goodwin
IX. War and peace in an age of upheaval, 1793-1830 (1965)
Charles William Crawley, ed.
X. The zenith of European power 1830-70 (1960)
J. P. T. Bury, ed.
Michael Lewis, 'Armed Forces and the Art of War, 1830-1870'
XI. Material Progress and World-Wide Problems 1870-1898 (1962)
F. H. Hinsley
XII. The Shifting Balance of World Forces 1898-1945 (second edition, The Era of Violence (1968)
C. L. Mowat
XIII. Companion Volume (1979)
Peter Burke
XIV. Atlas (1970)
H. C. Darby & Harold Fullard,
References
External links
New Cambridge Modern History
History books about the late modern period
Cambridge University Press books
Series of history books
Kızılöz, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Pohlke's theorem is the fundamental theorem of axonometry. It was established 1853 by the German painter and teacher of descriptive geometry Karl Wilhelm Pohlke. The first proof of the theorem was published 1864 by the German mathematician Hermann Amandus Schwarz, who was a student of Pohlke. Therefore the theorem is sometimes called theorem of Pohlke and Schwarz, too.
The theorem
Three arbitrary line sections in a plane originating at point , which are not contained in a line, can be considered as the parallel projection of three edges of a cube.
For a mapping of a unit cube, one has to apply an additional scaling either in the space or in the plane. Because a parallel projection and a scaling preserves ratios one can map an arbitrary point by the axonometric procedure below.
Pohlke's theorem can be stated in terms of linear algebra as:
Any affine mapping of the 3-dimensional space onto a plane can be considered as the composition of a similarity and a parallel projection.
Application to axonometry
Pohlke's theorem is the justification for the following easy procedure to construct a scaled parallel projection of a 3-dimensional object using coordinates,:
Choose the images of the coordinate axes, not contained in a line.
Choose for any coordinate axis forshortenings
The image of a point is determined by the three steps, starting at point :
go in -direction, then
go in -direction, then
go in -direction and
4. mark the point as .
In order to get undistorted pictures, one has to choose the images of the axes and the forshortenings carefully (see Axonometry). In order to get an orthographic projection only the images of the axes are free and the forshortenings are determined. (see :de:orthogonale Axonometrie).
Remarks on Schwarz's proof
Schwarz formulated and proved the more general statement:
The vertices of any quadrilateral can be considered as an oblique parallel projection of the vertices of a tetrahedron that is similar to a given tetrahedron.
and used a theorem of L'Huilier:
Every triangle can be considered as the orthographic projection of a triangle of a given shape.
Notes
References
K. Pohlke: Zehn Tafeln zur darstellenden Geometrie. Gaertner-Verlag, Berlin 1876 (Google Books.)
Schwarz, H. A.:Elementarer Beweis des Pohlkeschen Fundamentalsatzes der Axonometrie,J. reine angew. Math. 63, 309–314, 1864.
Arnold Emch: Proof of Pohlke's Theorem and Its Generalizations by Affinity, American Journal of Mathematics, Vol. 40, No. 4 (Oct., 1918), pp. 366–374
External links
F. Klein: The fundamental Theorem of Pohlke, in Elementary Mathematics from a Higher Standpoint: Volume II: Geometry, p. 97,
Christoph J. Scriba,Peter Schreiber: 5000 Years of Geometry: Mathematics in History and Culture, p. 398.
Pohlke–Schwarz theorem, Encyclopedia of Mathematics.
Graphical projections
Linear algebra
Uele District (, ) was a district of the Congo Free State and the Belgian Congo.
It roughly corresponded to the current provinces of Bas-Uélé and Haut-Uélé.
Landscape
The Uele District, shown as the Uellé District on an 1897 map of the Congo Free State, was named after the Uele River.
The river flows though the district and further west joins the Mbomou River (or Bomu River) to form the Ubangi River, which defined the northeastern border of the Belgian Congo.
The French colonies were to the north of the district and the British-controlled Lado Enclave to the east, on the west bank of the Nile.
To the west were the Ubangi and Bangala districts, and to the south were the Aruwimi and Stanley Falls districts.
A 1956 description of the district said the north of Uele is covered with shrub savannas interspersed with galleries and fragments of forest. Savannas with Encephalartos septentrionalis occupy the central part while the east and west are characterized by savannas of Lophira. The southern part of the District is covered by a dryland rain forest of Macrolobium (Gilbertiodendron dewevrei).
Its boundary with the northern savannas lies a little north of the Uele then approximately follows the Bomokandi River.
Along this boundary the forest is marked by deep anthropogenic alterations.
The forest region is a gently undulating plain with a slight slope to the southwest towards the center of the basin.
The northern grassy plain has better marked valleys.
Rocky sills and rapids cut the streams, which can be dammed.
From at Aketi, the altitude gradually rises to the north and east to reach at Ango and over in the east.
Pre-colonial era
Peoples such as the Azande and Mangbetu migrated into the Uele region long before the Europeans arrived.
The Ababua and most of the Azande live in the lower Uele, while the Logo and Bodo, and most of the Mangbetu live in the upper Uele.
There does not seem to have been any strong connections with the Arabs or Nubians of Sudan until around 1860, when traders started to visit in search of slaves and ivory.
Some of the local chiefs welcomed the traders, while others fought them.
Arabic speakers in the region included Egyptian government representatives, traders, soldiers and Faqīhs.
Some Azande worked for the Sudanese merchants or even visited Sudan, either voluntarily or as slaves.
Some of the local chiefs became Muslims, and styled themselves sultans.
The conversions were not always sincere, but some took the religion very seriously and abstained from alcohol, fasted during Ramadan, prayed and adopted Arabic dress.
Charles de la Kethulle, who spent two years in the Zande town of Rafaï, wrote in an 1895 article Le sultanat de Rafaï (Le Congo illustré) that almost all the inhabitants could speak Arabic, including the sultan, chiefs and soldiers.
The first Europeans to reach the Uele region were the German botanist and ethnologist Georg August Schweinfurth, who discovered the Uele River in 1870, and the Italian Giovanni Miani.
In 1871 Wilhelm Junker (1840–1892), a Russian explorer of German origins, explored the Bomu-Uele region thoroughly.
These visitors entered from the north or the east rather than the Congo River.
In the 1870s the Egyptians decided to strengthen their control of the Bahr al-Ghazal and of the slave and ivory traders operating from there.
Around 1880 many Azande chiefs placed themselves at the disposal of the Egyptians, who were represented by Europeans such as Frank Lupton and Romolo Gessi, in part to fight the slavers.
The uprising of Muhammad Ahmad, the self-proclaimed Mahdi, against the Egyptian government in 1881 weakened the influence of the Arabs.
Congo Free State
Exploration
By 1896 King Leopold II of Belgium was becoming concerned that instability in the Bahr al-Ghazal would affect their Congo Free State, and that Sudanese slavers would penetrate further south and join up with the Arab and Swahili traders at Stanley Falls.
In January 1888 Alphonse van Gèle explored the Bomu River and part of the Uele river.
Leopold's decree of 1 August 1888 divided the Congo Free State into eleven districts, including Aruwimi-Uele with its headquarters in Basoko.
Vangèle was instructed to explore the Ubangi River in 1889 and claim land for Leopold II.
They were also told to "exploit the ivory of the state domain", and their journal includes many details of tusks they bought or was given by chiefs along the Ubangi, M'bomu and Uele rivers.
They had obtained twelve tons of ivory by September 1890.
Jérôme Becker met Sultan Djabir at Basoko in December 1889, and in January 1890 reached Jabir's sultanate.
In 1890 the Belgian officers Léon Roget and Jules Alexandre Milz travelled up the Itimbiri River from Bumba, then up the Likati River, reached the Uele River in the region of Djabir and descended it almost to its junction with the Mbomou River.
Roget, Milz and Duvivier founded the first Belgian post in the Uele at Djabir in April 1890.
This route opened access to the Uele region, although it crossed the territory of the Budja people, who had yet to be pacified.
In 1891 Guillaume Van Kerkhoven, and Jules Milz followed the same route to the Uele, then explored the Kibali and the Zoro.
They reached the Nile, but had to retreat to the Dungu region when they were attacked by Mahdists.
In 1891 Georges Le Marinel ascended the Bomu River.
Ernest De Baert was appointed State Inspector of the Haut-Uele expedition in 1892.
They were instructed to ensure that all the ivory and rubber of the sultanates of the M'bomu region was paid as tribute to the Free State.
By 1892 the Belgians were taking drastic action to prevent ivory and rubber from being smuggled across the M'Bomu to French Territory.
They stationed soldiers in each marketplace who shot anyone who tried to cross the river.
However, these efforts were ineffective and much ivory from Uele reached the European companies in Abiras.
The Uele was clearly a natural defensive line for the north of the Congo Free State, and the forests along it would provide a source of food.
The authorities decided to build a line of fortified positions along the river.
Posts included Yakoma in the Ubangi District, Djabir, Libokwa, Bambili, Surango, Niangara, Dungu and Faradje.
Later these posts were connected by the first road in the Congo Free State that could be used by motor vehicles, which was extended from Faradje to the Nile by way of Yei and Loka in the savannah zone.
The two posts of Yei and Loka were established to the northeast of Faradje in the arid Lado Enclave on the Nile, leased from the British.
The Belgians carried a boat to the Nile in sections, the Van de Kerckhoven, which they assembled and launched on the Nile.
In 1894 Léon Hanolet ascended the Bari River, a right tributary of the Bomu while Théodore Nilis and Charles de la Kethulle ascended the Chinko River, another tributary of the Bomu.
The Belgian expeditions caused a dispute with the French that led to an agreement that the Bomu would be the northern border of the Congo Free State in this region.
Another route to the Uele went from Basoko up the Aruwimi River to Bomili, then up the Nepoko River, across to the Duru post on the Bomokandi River, and on to the Dungu post.
Much of this route was by foot, since the rivers were impassible.
In 1895 Aruwimi-Uele District was divided into Aruwimi District and Uele District.
Occupation
At first, some of the sultans were friendly.
Later, as the Belgians strengthened their grip, some such as Engwetra in 1896 rose in rebellion.
Others found that by treaty their land was now French or British, or chose to move to French territory.
In 1895 Jules Joseph La Haye was charged with building the Bomokandi post on the rocky right bank of the Uele River.
On 10 January 1896 they met Louis-Napoléon Chaltin, who was undertaking an expedition against Bili.
Chaltin and La Haye decided to move the Bomokandi post to the left bank of the river, 20' upstream.
The expedition of Chaltin in 1896, assisted by 700 lancers provided by Sultan Renzi, fought the battles of Bedden and Redjaf.
The Mahdists were defeated and the city of Redjaf was captured.
After taking leave in Europe La Haye returned to Uele, where they were appointed district commissioner on 16 May 1897.
Between 4 July 1900 and 16 January 1901 Verstraeten replaced them as district commissioner while they took leave in Europe.
On their return La Haye led an expedition of 600 men against the Ababua, who had rebelled.
The rebels were destroyed at the end of June 1901.
On 3 July 1902 La Haye was shot and killed while sleeping in Kodia village.
On 29 September 1903 the district of Uele was divided into five administrative zones:
Rubber was harvested in the Uele District, and taken to the port of Bumba for storage and transport by river to Bas-Congo.
A single Catholic mission was established at Gombari on the Bomokandi River.
The administration responded to an epidemic of sleeping sickness that began in 1904 in the Congo Free State with measures that had been proven against cholera and plague in Europe.
Between 1904 and 1914 they placed those who were infected or suspected of being infected in isolation camps or lazarets, and mapped out the zones of infection.
Many of the local people in Uele District saw the health campaign as another aspect of the program of conquest and exploitation.
The director of Ibembo lazaret made several proposals between 1907 and 1912 for a program to contain sleeping sickness in the "great uninfected triangle" of the Uele.
The military campaign against Sasa, the powerful leader of the Azande, exposed the true extent of the disease.
It was found that sleeping sickness was widespread in the north of Uele District.
The district was to have been opened to free trade in July 1912, and flooded by mineral prospectors, traders and their porters.
Belgian Congo
The Congo Free State was annexed by Belgium as the Belgian Congo in 1908.
On 1 July 1910 a court of first instance was established at Niangara to serve Uele District, one of seven in the colony.
The Uele District was divided into Bas-Uele (Lower Uele) and Haut-Uele (Upper Uele) by an arrêté royal of 28 March 1912, which divided the Congo into 22 districts.
In a major reform in 1914 these were incorporated into the Orientale Province.
In the reorganization of 1933 Bas-Uele and Haut-Uele were reunited into Uele District, now part of the Stanleyville Province, with some territory to the east transferred to the Kibali-Ituri District.
Stanleyville Province was renamed Orientale/Oost Province in 1947.
During the colonial era a railway was constructed through the region from east to west, on which the agricultural road network converged.
The railway carried products from Uele and Ituri to Bumba, from where it was taken to Léopoldville, Boma, and on to Europe.
In 1947 Uele District had its headquarters in Buta.
The territories were Bondo, Ango, Dungu, Manbetu (headquarters in Paulis), Buta, Aketi, Poko and Niangara.
The estimated total populations was 795,721.
In 1956 the population was:
The population was concentrated along the axis from Paulis to Aketi.
A 1955–1957 map showed that Uele District had once more been divided into Bas-Uele and Haut-Uele.
Post-independence
In 1962 Orientale Province was broken up into Kibali-Ituri, Uélé and Haut-Congo provinces.
Uele had its capital in Isiro.
The heads of Uélé Province were:
Orientale Province was reconstituted in 1966.
As of 2014 Bas-Uele had the lowest population density in the country, with 5 or 6 people per km2, while Haut-Uele had 13 people per km2.
In 2015 Orientale was broken into the province into the provinces of Bas-Uélé, Haut-Uélé, Ituri and Tshopo.
Maps
See also
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Notes
References
Sources
/ http://www.kaowarsom.be/en/online_maps
Districts of the Congo Free State
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of Orientale Province
HTTP response splitting is a form of web application vulnerability, resulting from the failure of the application or its environment to properly sanitize input values. It can be used to perform cross-site scripting attacks, cross-user defacement, web cache poisoning, and similar exploits.
The attack consists of making the server print a carriage return (CR, ASCII ) line feed (LF, ASCII ) sequence followed by content supplied by the attacker in the header section of its response, typically by including them in input fields sent to the application. Per the HTTP standard (RFC 2616), headers are separated by one CRLF and the response's headers are separated from its body by two. Therefore, the failure to remove CRs and LFs allows the attacker to set arbitrary headers, take control of the body, or break the response into two or more separate responses—hence the name.
Prevention
The generic solution is to URL-encode strings before inclusion into HTTP headers such as Location or Set-Cookie.
Typical examples of sanitization include casting to integers or aggressive regular expression replacement. Although response splitting is not specific to PHP, the PHP interpreter contains protection against the attack since version 4.4.2 and 5.1.2.
References
External links
Divide and Conquer - HTTP Response Splitting, Web Cache Poisoning Attacks, and Related Topics. Amit Klein, 2004.
Target Web Application Vulnerable to HTTP Header Injection
HTTP Response Splitting, The Web Application Security Consortium
Wapiti Open Source XSS, Header, SQL and LDAP injection scanner
LWN article
CWE-113: Failure to Sanitize CRLF Sequences in HTTP Headers ('HTTP Response Splitting')
HTTP Response Splitting Attack - OWASP
CRLF Injection - OWASP
Web security exploits
Hypertext Transfer Protocol headers
Berta Celeste Homem de Melo (March 21, 1902 – August 16, 1999) was a Brazilian pharmacist, writer and poet. Known for writing the Portuguese language lyrics for the birthday song Parabéns a Você.
Early life
Berta was born on March 21, 1902, in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo, Brazil. They were the only child of farming couple José Joaquim and Maria da Conceição Varela Homem de Melo. They married their cousin, Lorival Homem de Melo, and had a daughter, Lorice.
They graduated as a pharmacist and lent their name to a local pharmacy, but they did not work there. Instead they led the life of a housewife, listening to the radio and writing poems in their spare time. They would often enter radio competitions, creating rhymes for various products, winning cash and merchandise, including for floor wax, toothpaste, medicine, and tea.
Parabéns a Você
In 1942 the singer Almirante (Henrique Foréis Domingues), a Rádio Tupi presenter in Rio de Janeiro, launched a competition to select Portuguese lyrics to the melody of Happy Birthday to you. Berta entered this contest using the pseudonym of 'Léa Guimarães', and their rhyme was selected as the winner from 5000 entries.
Berta has been quoted as saying that they were never happy with the way that their lyrics were sung. They would be irritated when Brazilians sing Parabéns 'pra' Você, and the plural form of the third line.
Later life
In 1956, Berta moved to the city of Jacareí to become a teacher. They received a doctorate in Literature and wrote a collection of poems that were later published in a book called Devaneios. One of their songs, entitled Arraiá, was recorded by the singer Rolando Boldrin.
Berta has said that they were moved on several occasions when the lyrics to Parabéns a Você were sung, especially during the Fourth Centenary of the city of São Paulo celebrations and during a visit by Pope John Paul II in 1980, to the city of Aparecida. On September 12, 1998, they were given the title of (honorary citizen of Jacareí) by the city of Jacareí.
Berta died in Jacareí on August 16, 1999, at the age of 97, from pneumonia, and was buried in Pindamonhangaba.
References
1902 births
1999 deaths
Brazilian writers
20th-century Brazilian poets
People from Pindamonhangaba
Writers from São Paulo
Deaths from pneumonia in São Paulo (state)
20th-century Brazilian women writers
Chief Marin (born about 1781, died March 15, 1839) was the "great chief of the tribe Licatiut" (a branch of Coast Miwok native to present-day Marin County, California), according to General Vallejo's semi-historical report to the first California State Legislature in 1850. Historical records indicate that they were baptized as a young man at Mission San Francisco de Asís (of San Francisco, California) in 1801 and eventually moved to Mission San Rafael Arcángel (of San Rafael), where they were an alcalde in the 1820s. Marin died on March 15, 1839 of natural causes. Marin County and the Marin Islands are believed to be named in their honor.
Biography
Marin first appears in the historical record on March 7, 1801, when they were baptized as Marino at Mission San Francisco de Asís, and also married on the same day to Marina Mottiqui. The recorder wrote in the baptismal register that they were about twenty years old ("como de 20"), that their native name was Huicmuse and that they came from the Huimen local tribe. The identities of their parents were not provided, typical of Franciscan baptismal entries for adult Indians.
The young man's new wife Marina died the next year on July 17, 1802. They subsequently remarried to a woman named Dona (or Doda) on Sept 26, 1802 at the same mission. They died August 10, 1817. Their third and final recorded marriage was to Juana, in the same mission, August 28, 1816.
In subsequent mission records, the Chief appeared as a godparent, a parent (once, a son died at birth), and a widower in the death records of their wives. Their name was spelled variously Marin or Marino.
General Vallejo gave Marin very early credence in 1850 as the "great chief of the tribe Licatiut", and the one the County of Marin is named after. Vallejo headed the committee that named the counties. They commented in a semi-historical report on the origins of County names to the first California State Legislature in 1850:
"Marin. This is the name of the great chief of the tribe Licatiut....In the year 1815 or 1816 a military expedition proceeded to explore the country north of the bay of San Francisco, and on returning by the Petaluma Valley an engagement ensued with Marin, in which they were made prisoner and conducted to the station at San Francisco, from which they escaped, and again reaching Petaluma, they united their scattered forces, and thence- forward dedicated their most strenuous efforts to harass the troops in their hostile incursions into that part of the country....but was again taken captive to San Francisco in 1824; whence being set at liberty, they retired to the mission of San Rafael, and there died in 1834." -- General Vallejo, 1850
This report is considered semi-historical. It puts the chief as a (prisoner) resident of the San Francisco mission about 1816/17. Mission records show in those years, their second wife Dona died there, and they married their third wife, Juana.
Their death is recorded at the San Rafael Mission.
Legends
Several late nineteenth-century historians, such as Alexander Taylor and Hubert Howe Bancroft, repeated unsubstantiated stories to the effect that Marin and some other chiefs were light-skinned, intelligent, and leaders because they were descendants of a Spaniard from a shipwrecked galleon. Goerke, who has recently brought together the factual and mythic details of Marin's life, states, "Assumptions that such a lineage made them qualified to be leaders were examples of nineteenth-century racism and ethnocentrism."
Notes
References
Goerke, Betty. 2007. Chief Marin, Leader, Rebel, and Legend: A History of Marin County's Namesake and their People. Berkeley: Heyday Books.
Teather, Louise. Place Names of Marin. San Francisco, CA: Publisher Scottwall Associates, 1986. paper
1780s births
1839 deaths
Native American leaders
People from Marin County, California
Year of birth uncertain
Lieutenant general Shagalyn Jadambaa () was a Mongolian military leader and Minister of Defense of the Mongolian People's Republic from September 1990 to July 1996. They were a member of the Mongolian People's Party.
Career
They were born in 1940 in the sum of Khaliun in Gobi-Altai. They joined the Mongolian People's Army at the age of 20 and began serving in the Army Chemical Protection Company. Shortly after joining the army, they graduated from the Far Eastern Higher Combined Arms Command School in Blagoveshchensk, Russia. They worked as a company commander and tactical instructor at the Military University. During this time, they worked at all levels of the army. They graduated with honors from the Frunze Military Academy and the Voroshilov Academy of the General Staff (1974-1976). They were appointed First Deputy General Staff and Chief of Operations of the People's Army in 1974, and First Deputy Chief of the First Department of the Ministry of Defense in 1979. During their training of astronauts in Moscow in 1980-1981, General Jadambaa worked with them as a representative of the Ministry of Defense.
They served from 1986 to October 1990 as Chief of General Staff. after their term expired, they became defense minister, the first one in the post-communist Mongolian state. After spats between government members arose over how former party secretary Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal should be buried, Jadambaa ordered that they be buried with the honors of a general instead of a marshal. Their last appearance in Mongolian politics was in 1996, after which President Punsalmaagiin Ochirbat awarded them with the Order of Sukhbaatar before they retired the same year.
Personal life
Their son Enkhbayar Jadamba is a three time member of parliament from the MPP, elected first in 2004 from Gobi-Altai.  They are also a lawyer and business person.
Accomplishments
Jadambaa, together with their colleagues, developed the National Security Concept of Mongolia, which was developed in the early 1990s through their leadership. In 1993, the State Great Hural approved their Law on Defense, Law on Universal Military Duty and the Legal Status of Military Servicemen. Many of their initiatives have been engrained in the modern Mongolian military.
References
1940 births
Possibly living people
Mongolian military personnel
Ministers of Defence of Mongolia
People from Govi-Altai Province
Frunze Military Academy alumni
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union alumni
The siege of Erivan (Yerevan, the capital of modern Armenia) took place from July to September 1804, during the Russo-Persian War (1804–13). After a difficult advance, the Russians under Pavel Tsitsianov besieged Erivan. The Iranian forces inside Erivan's citadel prevented the Russians from making a direct attack, while those outside the citadel surrounded the Russians and cut the invaders' supply lines. Commanded by Crown-Prince Abbas Mirza and King Fath-Ali Shah Qajar themselves (1797–1834), the Iranians successfully defended the city and defeated the Russian attack. Tsitsianov, in order to save their reputation, shifted the blame on a plethora of people and matters, and deliberately left out their own wrongdoings.
Background
In 1801, capitalising on political turmoil in Iran, the Russians annexed Kartli-Kakheti (eastern Georgia), a region which had been part of Iran for centuries. In 1802, Pavel Tsitsianov was appointed as the new Russian commander-in-chief in the Caucasus. A die-hard Russian imperialist and expansionist, they had little respect for either the inhabitants of the Caucasus or the Iranians. In January 1804, they invaded Iran, besieging the Iranian city of Ganja. After a month they captured and ruthlessly sacked it; up to 3,000 Iranians were massacred in three days of pillage. This initiated the Russo-Persian War of 1804–1813.
After the capture of Ganja, Tsitsianov proceeded to Erivan. At Echmiadzin, near Erivan, their army clashed with that of Crown-Prince and commander-in-chief Abbas Mirza and Tsitsianov and their men were forced to withdraw. A few days later the Russians returned to Echmiadzin, where they caught an Iranian force by surprise and defeated it. They then marched on Erivan once again. Surviving Iranians regrouped and joined the subsequent defence of Erivan.
Siege
At the end of June, Tsitsianov arrived in front of Erivan, with an army ranging between 3,000 to 20,000 men, as well as Georgian and Armenian auxiliaries. The Russians attacked, accompanied by a heavy bombardment. The king (shah) themselves was present at the defence and commanded troops. At the time of the battle the Iranians still fought with their "traditional army", mainly composed of light artillery and mobile cavalry; they had not yet initiated the program that would result in the creation of a military on modern lines (the Nezam-e Jadid).
As the Russians besieged the 6,000–7,000 Iranian troops who held out inside Erivan's citadel, Iranian forces outside the citadel, some 18,000 cavalrymen, in turn cut the line of communications of the invaders, and surrounded them. The Iranians fought with more courage and effectiveness than the Russians had expected them to. During the siege, they prevented the Russians from receiving supplies and reinforcements, while Erivan's garrison prevented the Russians from making any direct attacks. The Russian artillery proved to be effective once more, similar to the encounter at Echmiadzin, but the Iranians were able to inflict heavy casualties on the Russians and prevent them from advancing towards the citadel. In order to disrupt the Russians even more, they burned many wheat fields. Tsitsianov then sent a detachment consisting of 200 soldiers in order to pick up supplies made ready by the recently established military administration in Tiflis (Tbilisi); 6,000 Iranian troops managed to surround the detachment, killing most of them, and enslaving most of the survivors.
During Tsitsianov's campaign, the first major anti-Russian rebellion broke out amongst the locals in the newly established Georgia Governorate. Reasons behind the uprising were dissatisfaction with Tsitsianov's policies, the corruption of Pyotr Ivanovich Kovalensky's administration, and the abolition of the Bagrationi dynasty. In September, five of Tsitsianov's six generals concluded that their plan had failed, and forced them to break off the siege.
Aftermath
The Russians had suffered heavy casualties. A large proportion had died or ended up wounded, and another thousand had become ill. The rest had become weakened as they had to live and fight for five weeks on half rations. Even during the retreat, the situation remained dire for the Russian soldiers. There was still a shortage of food and water amongst the soldiers, and as a large amount of their pack animals had died, they were forced to carry the equipment themselves. Furthermore, Iranian raiders pursued them, "picking off stragglers and setting fire to the parched fields".
The Erivan siege had left the Georgia Governorate with insufficient troops during a period of increased Lezgin raiding. Tsitsianov had caused further aggravation amongst the locals of the Governorate by forcing local peasants to work under "extremely harsh conditions to improve the road across the mountains". This contributed to an increasing number of Georgians wanting the restoration of the Bagrationis, to which the Iranians gave military support.
Even Tsitsianov was aware that they had failed at Erivan. This is further stipulated by the fact that the Russians didn't write an official report "of their own battle casualties for the siege of the campaign as a whole". After returning to the Georgia Governorate, Tsitsianov reported to Alexander I (1801–1825). In order to save their reputation they blamed the failure of the siege on their subordinate generals, the Iranian governor of Erivan (Mohammad Khan Qajar), and on the "harsh terrain" which separated the Erivan Khanate from the Georgia Governorate. Tsitsianov stated that the Iranian governor needed to be "annihilated" if Russia wanted to achieve glory and a proper strategic position in the Caucasus. However, the person most to blame, according to Tsitsianov, was general and prince . According to Tsitsianov, the "disgrace" at Yerevan was caused by Volkonsky's failure to bring up supplies. What they did not decide to report was that the area between Erivan up to Georgia was controlled by the Iranians, who prevented Russian contingents from travelling between them, and that the Georgia Governorate needed every soldier it could muster for provincial peacekeeping and therefore could not spare troops to escort supplies. Alexander I received the report warmly; they subsequently recalled Volkonsky, and rewarded Tsitsianov. In contrast, a few years later, when Tsitsianov's successor Ivan Gudovich unsuccessfully besieged Erivan, Alexander condemned their expedition as "stupid" and sent them into retirement.
Tsitsianov's campaign had resulted in numerous Armenian families leaving the khanate for the Georgia Governorate.
The Iranian army, after the successful defense, in line with their customary protocol, received orders to disband for the winter with instructions to reassemble in the spring of 1805 for a new campaign.
References
Sources
Battles involving Russia
Battles involving Qajar Iran
Conflicts in 1804
19th century in Armenia
1804 in the Russian Empire
Battles of the Russo-Persian Wars
1804 in Iran
History of Yerevan
John Richard Lobo, popularly known as J. R. Lobo, is an Indian politician with the Indian National Congress and former MLA of Mangalore South constituency in Karnataka, India. MLA J.R Lobo proposed the installation of musical fountain with laser show at Kadri Park, which is the largest lung space in the city. J.R Lobo also proposed the construction of the 3D 8K Planetarium at Pilikula in Mangalore, which was inaugurated in March 2018.
J.R Lobo worked for 18 years as the founder Executive Director of the Pilikula Nisargadhama in Mangalore. Time and again they have brought up the work of how Mangalore City Corporation has neglected the development work and put the people of Mangalore in discomfort.
Lobo alleged that they lost the 2018 assembly elections due to the electronic voting machines being manipulated.
Activism
J R Lobo slammed the Government of Karnataka and the Chief Minister for a casual approach where murders are being committed in the region. The Coastal Karnataka belt has witnessed three serial murders and there have been restrictions due to it.
References
External links
Official website
Mangaloreans
Karnataka MLAs 2013–2018
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Mangalorean Catholics
1953 births
Living people
Bryan Andrés Segura Cruz (born 14 January 1997) is a Costa Rican football goalkeeper who plays for Liga FPD club Herediano.
Segura has never been capped, but has been benched four times for Costa Rica U20, at the 2017 FIFA U-20 World Cup, and seven times for Costa Rica, including at the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Career
Segura started their career with Pérez Zeledón.
References
1997 births
Living people
Costa Rican footballers
Association football goalkeepers
2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Municipal Pérez Zeledón footballers
C.S. Herediano footballers
Liga FPD players
John Carlyle Balfanz (June 23, 1940 – November 11, 1991) was an American ski jumper. They competed in the 1964 and 1968 Winter Olympics with the best result of 10th place in the normal hill in 1964.
Balfanz took up ski jumping aged six, and by age 15 won the Central US Junior Championships. In 1957–1959 they served in the U.S. Army, first at Fort Carson in the U.S. and then in Karlsruhe, Germany. They took part in the 1962 World Championships in Poland, and in 17 international meets in Europe in 1963, winning two, and placing second at the Holmenkollen Ski Festival. In 1965 they set a U.S. national record at 325 feet (99 m) at Iron Mountain, Michigan. Balfanz retired from competitions after the 1968 Olympics, and later worked a national jumping coach. In 1980 they were inducted into the American Ski Jumping Hall of Fame.
References
1940 births
1991 deaths
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Minneapolis
ESL Pro League Season 3 (shortened as EPL Season 3) was an Electronic Sports League Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournament. It was the third season of the ESL Pro League. The Finals took place in London, United Kingdom from May 11 to May 15, 2016. Europe's regular season began on February 9, with Astralis beating Natus Vincere and ended with Ninjas in Pyjamas defeating G2 Esports. North America's season started with Renegades defeating Enemy (which later signed with Selfless Gaming) and ended with Team Liquid defeating Splyce The finals concluded with Luminosity Gaming defeating G2 Esports in a close best of five grand finals, which many consider to be a classic. Teams from two continents, North America and Europe competed in twelve team leagues and play against each other twice to determine the top four teams from each continent that would play in the Finals. The finals will offer a prize pool of US$510,000.
Format
Each continent featured the top nine teams from last season's ESL Pro League Season 2, two teams from the ESL Pro League Season 2 Relegation, and one team from the Wild Card. Teams within each continent will play each other twice to determine the top four qualifiers to the Finals in London. There will be a total of nine weeks in this phase of the tournament. All games in the preliminaries will be played online.
The top four teams after the conclusion of the regular season moved on to London to play in the Finals; in addition, those teams were invited to next season's ESL Pro League. Teams that placed fifth to eleventh place did not make the Finals, but were invited to next season's ESL Pro League. The teams in 12th place were required to play in Season 3's Relegation match, in which two teams from each continent play to see which team moves on to next season's ESL Pro League
The Finals consisted of eight teams, four from Europe and four from North America. These teams were separated into two groups – the first and third seeds from North America and the second and fourth seeds from Europe will be in one group and the other teams in the other group. The group stage consisted of the highest seed going against the lowest seed and the middle two seeds against each other, both games in the best of one format. The winners will play in the best of one to determine one team in the Playoffs; the losers will play in the best of three to determine which team gets eliminated from the tournament. The remaining two teams will play in the best of three to determine which team will be the second team in the group to move on to the Playoffs. In the Playoffs, the semifinals will be the best of three and the finals will be the best of five. The winner of the finals will win the tournament and the top prize. All games in the Finals were played offline.
Teams
North America
Broadcast Talent
Commentators
Cory "megaman" Gilbert
John "BLU" Mullen
Jason "moses" O'Toole
Final standings
Scores
1Luminosity Gaming and Counter Logic Gaming forfeited their matches against OpTic Gaming and NRG eSports, respectively, since both teams were attending DreamHack Masters Malmö 2016 in Sweden.
Europe
Broadcast Talent
Commentators
Anders Blume
Joona "natu" Leppänen
Mitch "Uber" Leslie
Auguste "Semmler" Massonnat
Jason "moses" O'Toole
Lauren "Pansy" Scott
Niels Christian "NaToSaphiX" Sillassen
Matthew "Sadokist" Trivett
Analysts
Chad "SPUNJ" Burchill
Halvor "vENdetta" Gulestøl
Janko "YNk" Paunović
Leigh "Deman" Smith
Observer
Alex "Rushly" Rush
Final standings
Scores
Finals
The finalized teams are shown below. Each team's world ranking for May 11, 2016 is also shown.
Broadcast Talent
Host
Oliver James "OJ Borg" Borg D'Anastasi
Desk Host
Alex "Machine" Richardson
Commentators
Anders Blume
Henry "HenryG" Greer
Auguste "Semmler" Massonnat
John "BLU" Mullen
Jason "moses" O'Toole
Lauren "Pansy" Scott
Matthew" Sadokist" Trivett
Analyst
Janko "YNk" Paunović
Observers
Heather "sapphiRe" Garrozo
Alex "Rushly" Rush
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Playoffs
Bracket
Semifinals
Finals
Finals Standings
References
2016 in esports
ESL Pro League
Clouston's hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia is a medical condition caused by mutations in a connexin gene, GJB6 or connexin-30, characterized by scalp hair that is wiry, brittle, and pale, often associated with patchy alopecia.
Presentation
Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia 2, or Clouston syndrome (referred to as HED2 throughout this entry) is characterized by partial or total alopecia, dystrophy of the nails, hyperpigmentation of the skin (especially over the joints), and clubbing of the fingers. Sparse scalp hair and dysplastic nails are seen early in life. In infancy, scalp hair is wiry, brittle, patchy, and pale; progressive hair loss may lead to total alopecia by puberty. The nails may be milky white in early childhood; they gradually become dystrophic, thick, and distally separated from the nail bed. Palmoplantar keratoderma may develop during childhood and increases in severity with age. The clinical manifestations are highly variable even within the same family.
Genetics
HED2 is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. Most individuals with HED2 have an affected parent; de novo gene mutations have also been reported. Offspring of affected individuals have a 50% chance of inheriting the mutation and being affected.
Diagnosis
HED2 is suspected after infancy on the basis of physical features in most affected individuals. GJB6 is the only gene known to be associated with HED2. Targeted mutation analysis for the four most common GJB6 mutations is available on a clinical basis and detects mutations in approximately 100% of affected individuals. Sequence analysis is also available on a clinical basis for those in whom none of the four known mutations is identified.
Screening
Prenatal testing for pregnancies at increased risk is possible if the disease-causing mutation in an affected family member is known; however, requests for prenatal testing for conditions such as HED2 are not common.
Treatment
Treatment of manifestations: special hair care products to help manage dry and sparse hair; wigs; artificial nails; emollients to relieve palmoplantar hyperkeratosis.
See also
Palmoplantar keratoderma
List of cutaneous conditions
List of cutaneous neoplasms associated with systemic syndromes
References
Further reading
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Hidrotic Ectodermal Dysplasia 2
OMIM entries on Hidrotic Ectodermal Dysplasia 2
Palmoplantar keratodermas
Genodermatoses
Rare diseases
"Munich" is a song by British post-punk revival band Editors and is featured on their 2005 debut album, The Back Room. It was originally released 18 April 2005 as the second single from the band. It was re-released on 2 January 2006, peaking at number 10 in the UK Singles Chart. It finished as the 184th best-selling single in the UK, in 2006.
Composition
"Munich" is composed in the key of G minor with a tempo of 150 beats per minute.
In popular culture
It is featured on the soundtrack to the video games Saints Row, FIFA Street 2 and Major League Baseball 2K7. The song is played when the guests are being introduced on the English television programme A Question of Sport. It also appeared on the third season finale of Cold Case and in various episodes of the BBC drama Waterloo Road. It is featured in the 2008 film One Missed Call. "Munich" alone comes as a free pack-in song on every Zune player bought.
Track listings
All songs written and composed by Chris Urbanowicz, Edward Lay, Russell Leetch and Tom Smith, except where noted.
Original release
7" vinyl
UK: Kitchenware SKX78 (limited to 3000 copies)
CD
UK: Kitchenware SKCD78 (limited to 3000 copies)
UK: Kitchenware SKCD78-2
Re-release
7" vinyl
UK: Kitchenware SKX83
CD
UK: Kitchenware SKCD83
UK: Kitchenware SKCD832
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Cover versions
"Munich" was covered by Corinne Bailey Rae for Jo Whiley's BBC Radio 1 in 2006 and featured on Radio 1's Live Lounge.
A version by R.E.M., also for BBC Radio 1, was released on Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 3 in 2008.
References
2005 singles
2006 singles
Editors (band) songs
Corinne Bailey Rae songs
Song recordings produced by Jim Abbiss
2005 songs
Songs written by Russell Leetch
Songs written by Tom Smith (musician)
Songs written by Edward Lay
Songs written by Chris Urbanowicz
Institute for Research in Economics and Business Administration () or SNF is a research institute that is associated with the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH) in Bergen, Norway. The institute performs commercial research related to economics and in particular energy, evaluation studies, fisheries, health economics, agricultural economics, regional business development, strategy and management as well as telecommunications, media and network economics.
SNF has between 30-40 full-time researchers as well as 20-30 assistants. In addition more than 100 researchers from NHH and the University of Bergen (UiB) have associated work with SNF. The institute is organized as a limited company that is owned by the foundation Stiftelsen SNF (80%), NHH (16%) and UiB (4%). The institute dates back to 1991 when three research institutes associated with NHH were merged. The limited company was founded in 2001.
Research institutes in Norway
Norwegian School of Economics
University of Bergen
Foundations based in Norway
Companies based in Bergen
Research institutes established in 1991
1991 establishments in Norway
Steve Gulley (September 20, 1962 – August 18, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter of bluegrass music. They rose to prominence as a cast member at the Renfro Valley Barn Dance. They were one of the founding members of the band Mountain Heart, where they were lead singer until leaving in 2006. They went on to form Grasstowne and later Steve Gulley & New Pinnacle, along with recording solo and collaboration albums. They appeared on the Grand Ole Opry more than 90 times.
Their son, Brad Gulley, was lead singer and guitarist for the Bluegrass band Cumberland River.
References
External links
1960s births
2020 deaths
People from Claiborne County, Tennessee
American singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Trackademicks is an American Hip-Hop artist. They were born and raised in Alameda, California and is also part of the San Francisco-Bay Area music collective, the Honor Roll Crew.
Biography
Trackademicks was born in Alameda, California, to a Filipino father and African American mother. They began playing the saxophone in fourth grade and continued throughout high school. During high school, they joined Youth Radio where they met the founding members of the Honor Roll. Trackademicks began making music while attending the University of San Francisco. After graduating, they began to work with Mistah F.A.B., whom they produced six songs for on the rapper's sophomore release, Son Of A Pimp, released in May 2005. In 2006 they produced an unofficial remix of "Tell Me When To Go" by Bay Area rapper E-40, garnering widespread popularity.
In 2009 Trackademicks was featured in the song "Gary is a Robot" featuring Amp Live & Mr. Micro. The video was shot and released in the same year.
Trackademicks has collaborated with many other artists including Kamaiyah, J*Davey, Kid Sister, Kool A.D., Phonte of Little Brother and grammy nominated Foreign Exchange, Lyrics Born, Iamsu! from HBK Gang and Teedra Moses.
They have also done remixes for notable artists such as Zero 7, Platinum Pied Pipers, Yummy Bingham, Chromeo, and The Editors.
Discography
The [Re]Mixtape (2005)
The Spring Progress Report (2006)
The [Re]Mixtape Vol. 2 (2007)
"Enjoy What You Do"/ b/w "Topsidin'" (12" Single, 2009)
The [Re]Mixtape Vol. 3 (2010)
State Of The Arts (2011)
Fresh Coastin' (2011)
Cherry 2000 (2011)
Breeze Mobbin' (2012)
Secret of My Success (2014)
HNRL presents 'The Champagne Room' (2014)
7th Heaven (2015)
The [Re]Mixtape Vol. 4 (2016)
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20080424155027/http://www.pitchforkmedia.com/article/track_review/31144-tell-me-when-to-go-trackademicks-remix-ft-keak-da-sneak
http://www.alamedamagazine.com/media/Alameda-Magazine/March-April-2008/Around-Town/
https://web.archive.org/web/20080706171844/http://xlr8r.com/features/2006/07/trackademicks
http://www.sfweekly.com/2007-02-07/music/producer-remixer-mc/
http://www.eastbayexpress.com/music/melted_vinyl__smoking_beats/Content?oid=317532
American hip hop musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Bastet or Bast (, , Phoenician: 𐤀𐤁𐤎𐤕, romanized: 'bst, or 𐤁𐤎𐤕, romanized: bst) was a goddess of ancient Egyptian religion, worshipped as early as the Second Dynasty (2890 BCE). Them name also is rendered as B'sst, Baast, Ubaste, and Baset. In ancient Greek religion, they were known as Ailuros ( "cat").
Bastet was worshipped in Bubastis in Lower Egypt, originally as a lioness goddess, a role shared by other deities such as Sekhmet. Eventually Bastet and Sekhmet were characterized as two aspects of the same goddess, with Sekhmet representing the powerful warrior and protector aspect and Bastet, who increasingly was depicted as a cat, representing a gentler aspect.
Name
Bastet, the form of the name that is most commonly adopted by Egyptologists today because of its use in later dynasties, is a modern convention offering one possible reconstruction. In early Egyptian hieroglyphs, their name appears to have been bꜣstt. James Peter Allen vocalizes the original form of the name as buʔístit or buʔístiat, with ʔ representing a glottal stop. In Middle Egyptian writing, the second t marks a feminine ending but usually was not pronounced, and the aleph ꜣ () may have moved to a position before the accented syllable, ꜣbst. By the first millennium, then, bꜣstt would have been something like *Ubaste (< *Ubastat) in Egyptian speech, later becoming Coptic Oubaste.
What the name of the goddess means remains uncertain. Names of ancient Egyptian deities often were represented as references to associations or with euphemisms, being cult secrets. One recent suggestion by Stephen Quirke (Ancient Egyptian Religion) explains Bastet as meaning, "She of the ointment jar". This ties in with the observation that their name was written with the hieroglyph for ointment jar (bꜣs) and that they were associated with protective ointments, among other things. The name of the material known as alabaster might, through Greek, come from the name of the goddess. This association would have come about much later than when the goddess was a protective lioness goddess, however, and is useful only in deciphering the origin of the term, alabaster.
James P. Allen instead derives the name as a nisba construction from a place name "Baset" (bꜣst) with the meaning "she of bꜣst".
Role in ancient Egypt
Bastet was originally a fierce lioness warrior goddess of the sun worshipped throughout most ancient Egyptian history, but later they became the cat goddess that is familiar today. They then are depicted as the daughter of Ra and Isis, and the consort of Ptah, with whom they had a son Maahes.
As protector of Lower Egypt, they were seen as defender of the king, and consequently of the sun god, Ra. Along with other deities such as Hathor, Sekhmet, and Isis, Bastet was associated with the Eye of Ra. They have been depicted as fighting the evil snake named Apep, an enemy of Ra. In addition to their solar connections, sometimes they were called "eye of the moon".
Bastet was also a goddess of pregnancy and childbirth, possibly because of the fertility of the domestic cat.
Images of Bastet were often created from alabaster. The goddess was sometimes depicted holding a ceremonial sistrum in one hand and an aegis in the other—the aegis usually resembling a collar or gorget, embellished with a lioness head.
Bastet was also depicted as the goddess of protection against contagious diseases and evil spirits.
History
Bastet first appears in the third millennium BCE, where they are depicted as either a fierce lioness or a woman with the head of a lioness. Two thousand years later, during the Third Intermediate Period of Egypt (c. 1070–712 BC), Bastet began to be depicted as a domestic cat or a cat-headed woman.
Scribes of the New Kingdom and later eras began referring to them with an additional feminine suffix, as Bastet. The name change is thought to have been added to emphasize pronunciation of the ending t sound, often left silent.
Cats in ancient Egypt were highly revered, partly due to their ability to combat vermin such as mice, rats (which threatened key food supplies), and snakes—especially cobras. Cats of royalty were, in some instances, known to be dressed in golden jewelry and were allowed to eat from the plates of their owners. Dennis C. Turner and Patrick Bateson estimate that during the Twenty-second Dynasty (), Bastet worship changed from being a lioness deity into being predominantly a major cat deity. Because domestic cats tend to be tender and protective of their offspring, Bastet was also regarded as a good mother and sometimes was depicted with numerous kittens.
The native Egyptian rulers were replaced by Greeks during an occupation of Ancient Egypt in the Ptolemaic Dynasty that lasted almost 300 years. The Greeks sometimes equated Bastet with one of their goddesses, Artemis.
Bubastis
Bastet was a local deity whose religious sect was centered in the city in the Nile Delta later named Bubastis. It lay near what is known today as Zagazig. The town, known in Egyptian as pr-bꜣstt (also transliterated as Per-Bastet), carries their name, literally meaning House of Bastet. It was known in Greek as Boubastis (Βούβαστις) and translated into Hebrew as Pî-beset, spelled without the initial t sound of the last syllable. In the biblical Book of Ezekiel 30:17, the town appears in the Hebrew form Pibeseth.
Temple
Herodotus, an ancient Greek historian who traveled in Egypt in the fifth century BCE, describes Bastet's temple at some length:
This description by Herodotus and several Egyptian texts suggest that water surrounded the temple on three (out of four) sides, forming a type of lake known as, isheru, not too dissimilar from that surrounding the temple of the mother goddess Mut in Karnak at Thebes. These lakes were typical components of temples devoted to a number of lioness goddesses, who are said to represent one original goddess, Bastet, Mut, Tefnut, Hathor, and Sakhmet, and came to be associated with sun gods such as Horus and Ra as well as the Eye of Ra. Each of them had to be appeased by a specific set of rituals. One myth relates that a lioness, fiery and wrathful, was once cooled down by the water of the lake, transformed into a gentle cat, and settled in the temple.
At the Bubastis temple, some cats were found to have been mummified and buried, many next to their owners. More than 300,000 mummified cats were discovered when Bastet's temple was excavated. Turner and Bateson suggest that the status of the cat was roughly equivalent to that of the cow in modern India. The death of a cat might leave a family in great mourning and those who could, would have them embalmed or buried in cat cemeteries—pointing to the great prevalence of the cult of Bastet. Extensive burials of cat remains were found not only at Bubastis, but also at Beni Hasan and Saqqara. In 1888, a farmer uncovered a burial site of many hundreds of thousands of cats in Beni Hasan.
Festival
Herodotus also relates that of the many solemn festivals held in Egypt, the most important and most popular one was that celebrated in Bubastis in honor of this goddess. Each year on the day of their festival, the town was said to have attracted some 700,000 visitors, both men and women (but not children), who arrived in numerous crowded ships. The women engaged in music, song, and dance on their way to the place. Great sacrifices were made and prodigious amounts of wine were drunk—more than was the case throughout the year. This accords well with Egyptian sources that prescribe that lioness goddesses are to be appeased with the "feasts of drunkenness". A festival of Bastet was known to be celebrated during the New Kingdom at Bubastis. The block statue from the eighteenth dynasty () of Nefer-ka, the wab-priest of Sekhmet, provides written evidence for this. The inscription suggests that the king, Amenhotep III, was present at the event and had great offerings made to the deity.
In popular culture
See also
List of solar deities
Notes
References
Herodotus, ed. H. Stein (et al.) and tr. AD Godley (1920), Herodotus 1. Books 1 and 2. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, Massachusetts
E. Bernhauer, "Block Statue of Nefer-ka", in: M. I. Bakr, H. Brandl, Faye Kalloniatis (eds.): Egyptian Antiquities from Kufur Nigm and Bubastis. Berlin 2010, pp. 176–179 .
Further reading
External links
"All About Bast" — Comprehensive essay by S.D. Cass on per-Bast.org
"Temple to cat god found in Egypt", BBC News
Animal goddesses
Anthropomorphic animals
Cat folklore
Egyptian goddesses
Fertility goddesses
Lion deities
Love and lust deities
Love and lust goddesses
Lunar goddesses
Mythological felines
Mythological lions
Solar goddesses
Tutelary deities
War goddesses
Sekhmet
James Morris is an American film producer, production executive and visual effects producer.  They are currently general manager and president of Pixar. Previously, they held key positions at Industrial Light & Magic (ILM) for 17 years.
Education and early career
Morris graduated from the Tower Hill School in Wilmington, Delaware in 1973. In 1977, Morris earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Film, and in 1978 a Master of Science degree in Television/Radio, from the S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University.
Morris began their career with local television studios, followed by working on TV commercials. They started as a cameraman and editor at NBC affiliate WSYR-TV. During this time, they independently produced and directed the award-winning documentary The Stag Hotel. They then worked at PBS affiliate WCNY-TV, where they wrote and produced the educational series Behind the Wheel as well as the Jim Lehrer-hosted documentary Old Folks at Home and Journey to the Mountain. During this same period, Morris wrote, directed and produced the independent documentary Snapshot. In 1980, Morris moved to San Francisco and worked as an editor at KTVU-TV in Oakland, after which they moved on to the production departments at advertising agencies J. Walter Thompson, and Foote, Cone & Belding. Morris was named executive producer heading the commercial production department at the innovative post-production facility One Pass, and then became the executive producer at Arnold & Associates, producing national commercials for clients such as Atari and Chevron. While at Arnold & Associates, Morris received an NEA Grant to write, direct and produce the independent documentary Rehearsal.
Industrial Light & Magic
In 1987, Morris joined ILM as a producer of visual effects for films and commercials, working on, amongst others, Steven Spielberg's Always and James Cameron's The Abyss, which earned an Oscar for Best Visual Effects. They were subsequently promoted to be ILM's executive in charge of production, supervising all the company's production, and then ILM's general manager, supervising more than 1,400 artists and technicians and guiding the largest visual effects facility in the industry, a post they held for 13 years. During this period, ILM's innovations resulting in Academy Awards included the pioneering use of computer-generated characters in Jurassic Park, realistic digital skin in Death Becomes Her, Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Forrest Gump. Other ILM projects they managed from the period include Mission: Impossible, Twister, Saving Private Ryan, Star Wars Episodes I and II, The Perfect Storm, Pearl Harbor, Minority Report, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, Master and Commander, and three Harry Potter films. ILM worked on over 160 films during this period.
Morris was president of Lucas Digital Ltd. for 11 years, and managed its two divisions, ILM and Skywalker Sound. Additionally, Morris oversaw Lucasfilm Animation from 2000 to 2005.
Pixar
Morris joined Pixar Animation Studios in 2005. They were producer of Pixar's critically acclaimed 2008 film, WALL-E, and was responsible for managing the production of the studio's features, shorts, DVD content, and theme park activities. In 2008 they were named as general manager for Pixar Animation Studios.
Morris was producer of Disney's 2012 film John Carter.
On November 18, 2014 they were named as president of Pixar Animation Studios, succeeding Edwin Catmull. In August 2019, former Walt Disney Animation Studios head Andrew Millstein was named as co-president of Blue Sky Studios, while Morris would also be taking a supervising role over Millstein.
Industry roles and awards
Morris served for many years as president of the San Francisco Film Commission. They were a 2009 recipient of the Producers Guild of America Digital 25 Award. Morris was the founding chair of the Visual Effect Society, and served in that role for two terms. They received the Visual Effects Society's board of directors Award in 2006, a Lifetime Membership in 2007, and their Founders Award in 2010 and was made a VES Fellow in 2016. For WALL-E, Morris was awarded Producers Guild of America's 2009 Producer of the Year for Animated Motion Pictures, the 2008 BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film, a 2008 American Film Institute Award for one of the 10 best films of the year, the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film and a Visual Effects Society Award. Morris is an active member in the VES, BAFTA, the Producers Guild and AMPAS, where they serve as a member of the Finance Committee. In 2021, Morris received the George Arents Award, Syracuse University's highest alumni honor.
Filmography
Caddyshack II (1988) (Visual Effects (Producer)
The Burbs (1989) (Visual Effects (Producer)
Skin Deep (1989) (Visual Effects (Producer)
The Abyss (1989) (Visual Effects (Producer)
Always (1989) (Visual Effects (Producer)
The Hunt for Red October (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Joe Versus the Volcano (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Back to the Future Part III (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Total Recall (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Die Hard 2 (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Ghost (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Arachnophobia (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Dreams (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Kindergarten Cop (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
The Godfather: Part III (1990) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Flight of the Intruder (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
The Doors (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Switch (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Backdraft (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Hudson Hawk (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
The Rocketeer (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country (1991) (ILM Executive in Charge of Production)
Hook (1991) (ILM General Manager)
Memoirs of an Invisible Man (1992) (ILM General Manager)
Death Becomes Them (1992) (ILM General Manager)
The Public Eye (1992) (ILM General Manager)
Toys (1992) (ILM General Manager)
Alive (1993) (ILM General Manager)
Fire in the Sky (1993) (ILM General Manager)
Jurassic Park (1993) (ILM General Manager)
Last Action Hero (1993) (ILM General Manager)
Rising Sun (1993) (ILM General Manager)
The Meteor Man (1993) (ILM General Manager)
The Nutcracker (1993) (ILM General Manager)
Schindler's List (1994) (ILM President)
The Hudsucker Proxy (1994) (ILM President)
Maverick (1994) (ILM President)
The Flintstones (1994) (ILM President)
Wolf (1994) (ILM President)
Baby's Day Out (1994) (ILM President)
Forrest Gump (1994) (ILM President)
The Mask (1994) (ILM President)
Radioland Murders (1994) (ILM President)
Star Trek: Generations (1994) (ILM President)
Disclosure (1994) (ILM President)
In the Mouth of Madness (1995) (ILM President)
Casper (1995) (ILM President)
Congo (1995) (ILM President)
Village of the Damned (1995) (ILM President)
The Indian in the Cupboard (1995) (ILM President)
The American President (1995) (ILM President)
Jumanji (1995) (ILM President)
Sabrina (1995) (ILM President)
Twister (1996) (ILM President)
Mission: Impossible (1996) (ILM President)
Dragonheart (1996) (ILM President)
Eraser (1996) (ILM President)
Special Effects: Anything Can Happen (1996) (ILM President)
Sleepers (1996) (ILM President)
Star Trek: First Contact (1996) (ILM President)
101 Dalmatians (1996) (ILM President)
Daylight (1996) (ILM President)
Mars Attacks! (1996) (ILM President)
Star Wars: A New Hope Special Edition (1996) (ILM President)
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Special Edition (1996) (ILM President)
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi Special Edition (1996) (ILM President)
The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997) (ILM President)
Speed 2: Cruise Control (1997) (ILM President)
Men in Black (1997) (ILM President)
Contact (1997) (ILM President)
Spawn (1997) (ILM President)
Starship Troopers (1997) (ILM President)
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (1997) (ILM President)
Flubber (1997) (ILM President)
Deconstructing Harry (1997) (ILM President)
Titanic (1997) (ILM President)
Amistad (1997) (ILM President)
Deep Rising (1998) (ILM President)
Mercury Rising (1998) (ILM President)
Deep Impact (1998) (ILM President)
Small Soldiers (1998) (ILM President)
Saving Private Ryan (1998) (ILM President)
Snake Eyes (1998) (ILM President)
Reach the Rock (1998) (ILM President)
Meet Joe Black (1998) (ILM President)
Celebrity (1998) (ILM President)
Jack Frost (1998) (ILM President)
Mighty Joe Young (1998) (ILM President)
October Sky (1999) (ILM President)
The Mummy (1999) (ILM President)
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999) (ILM President)
Wild Wild West (1999) (ILM President)
The Haunting (1999) (ILM President)
Deep Blue Sea (1999) (ILM President)
Bringing out the dead (1999) (ILM President)
Sleepy Hollow (1999) (ILM President)
The Green Mile (1999) (ILM President)
Galaxy Quest (1999) (ILM President)
Snow Falling on Cedars (2000) (ILM President)
Magnolia (2000) (ILM President)
Mission to Mars (2000) (ILM President)
The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle (2000) (ILM President)
The Perfect Storm (2000) (ILM President)
Space Cowboys (2000) (ILM President)
Pay it Forward (2000) (ILM President)
Sweet and Lowdown (2000) (ILM President)
The Pledge (2001) (ILM President)
Sweet November (2001) (ILM President)
The Mummy Returns (2001) (ILM President)
Pollock (2001) (ILM President)
Pearl Harbor (2001) (ILM President)
A.I. Artificial Intelligence (2001) (ILM President)
Jurassic Park III (2001) (ILM President)
Planet of the Apes (2001) (ILM President)
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) (ILM President)
The Majestic (2001) (ILM President)
Imposter (2002) (ILM President)
The Time Machine (2002) (ILM President)
Big Trouble (2002) (ILM President)
Star Wars: Episode II Attack of the Clones (2002) (ILM President)
Minority Report (2002) (ILM President)
The Bourne Identity (2002) (ILM President)
Men in Black II (2002) (ILM President)
Blood Work (2002) (ILM President)
K-19: The Widowmaker (2002) (ILM President)
Signs (2002) (ILM President)
ET - 20th Anniversary (1905) (ILM President)
Punch-Drunk Love (2002) (ILM President)
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (2002) (ILM President)
Gangs of New York (2002) (ILM President)
Tears of the Sun (2003) (ILM President)
The Hunted (2003) (ILM President)
Dreamcatcher (2003) (ILM President)
Hulk (2003) (ILM President)
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines (2003) (ILM President)
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003) (ILM President)
Once Upon a Time in Mexico (2003) (ILM President)
Master and Commander: The Far Sde of the World (2003) (ILM President)
Timeline (2003) (ILM President)
Stuck on You (2003) (ILM President)
Peter Pan (2003) (ILM President)
Along Came Polly (2004) (ILM President)
Twisted (2004) (ILM President)
Hidalgo (2004) (ILM President)
Van Helsing (2004) (ILM President)
The Day After Tomorrow (2004) (ILM President)
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004) (ILM President)
The Chronicles of Riddick (2004) (ILM President)
The Village (2004) (ILM President)
The Bourne Supremacy (2004) (ILM President)
Artifact from the Future: The Making of 'THX 1138' (2004) (ILM President)
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow (2004) (ILM President)
A Series of Unfortunate Events (2004) (ILM President)
Are We There yet? (2005) (ILM President)
Son of the Mask (2005) (ILM President)
The Pacifier (2005) (ILM President)
xXx: State of the Union (2005) (ILM President)
Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith (2005) (ILM President)
War of the Worlds (2005) (ILM President)
The Island (2005) (ILM President)
Jarhead (2005) (ILM President)
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005) (ILM President)
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest (2006) (ILM President)
Ratatouille (2007) (Pixar Executive Vice President, Production)
WALL•E (2008) (Producer)
Up (2009) (Pixar EVP, General Manager)
Toy Story 3 (2010) (Pixar EVP, General Manager)
Cars 2 (2011) (Pixar EVP, General Manager)
John Carter of Mars (2012) (Producer)
Brave (2012) (Pixar EVP, General Manager)
Monsters University (2013) (Pixar EVP, General Manager)
Inside Out (2015) (Pixar President)
The Good Dinosaur (2015) (Pixar President)
Finding Dory (2016) (Pixar President)
Cars 3 (2017) (Pixar President)
Coco (2017) (Pixar President)
Incredibles 2 (2018) (Pixar President)
Toy Story 4 (2019) (Pixar President)
Onward (2020) (Pixar President)
Soul (2020) (Pixar President)
Luca (2021) (Pixar President)
Turning Red (2022) (Pixar President)
Lightyear (2022) (Pixar President)
References
External links
Morris on 'Cuse Conversations Podcast in 2021
"Q&A: Jim Morris" – The Hollywood Reporter
"Jim Morris is Pixar Animation Studios GM" – Indiana Television
"INTERVIEW: 'Rookies' of the year talk about dreams, big leagues" – HighBeam Research
"Disney/Pixar launching new studio in Vancouver" – Reuters India
"Pixar, Disney promote animation aces" – The Hollywood Reporter
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American chief executives
American chief executives in the media industry
American entertainment industry businesspeople
American film producers
American film studio executives
Computer animation people
Industrial Light & Magic people
Disney executives
Lucasfilm people
Pixar people
S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications alumni
People from Wilmington, Delaware
Woodlands is a southern suburb of Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It lies just south of Montclair and borders Mobeni East.
References
Suburbs of Durban
Vizerra is a software platform for viewing 3D models which provides its user with integrated additional content, such as video guides. Currently available 3D models are used for demonstration, advertising and educational purposes.
Project Overview
The project title has its origins in Latin and combines three words: visio (”vision, image”), erro (”roam”) and terra (“earth”). It was chosen because Vizerra project began as a platform for virtual travel.
At the moment Vizerra is primarily a library of virtual 3D copies of real sites. These include monasteries, temples, squares and monuments of ancient cultures, such as Machu Picchu, Prague's Old Town Square, Angkor Wat and others.
Client Application
The first version of Vizerra client application user interface was made by Art. Lebedev Studio.
Vizerra uses the following technologies:
Umbra by Umbra Software Ltd.; Wwise (WaveWorks Interactive Sound Engine) by Audiokinetic Inc; SpeedTree by Interactive Data Visualization, Inc.; Simplygon by Donya Labs AB; PhysX by Nvidia Corporation; DirectX by Microsoft , Gamebryo Lightspeed game engine from Emergent (previously NetImmerse Engine) and others.
References
Browsers
Sluhy is a municipality and village in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 700 inhabitants.
Geography
The Mratínský Stream flows through the municipality.
History
The first written mention of Sluhy is from 1238, however the existence of the Church of Saint Adalbert in the village is documented already between 967 and 999.
Sights
The Church of Saint Adalbert is originally a Romanesque building, which was rebuilt into the Gothic style in 1270. Its current appearance is from the 18th century, when late Baroque improvements were made.
The Baroque prismatic bell tower is a building from the 16th century. It originally included three bells, but one was stolen. Next to the bell tower a former presbytery is located. It was built in 1780.
References
External links
(in Czech)
Villages in Prague-East District
Victor Hugo Soares dos Santos (born 7 March 1997), commonly known as Kanu, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Botafogo.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Associação Desportiva Cabofriense players
People from Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (state)
Wardlow is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Special Area No. 2. It is located approximately east of Highway 36 and northeast of Brooks.
Demographics
Wardlow recorded a population of 28 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Special Area No. 2
Austrolimnophila ochracea is a cranefly in the family Limoniidae.
It is a Palearctic species with a limited distribution in Europe
It is found in a wide range of habitats and micro habitats: in earth rich in humus, in swamps and marshes, in leaf litter and in wet spots in woods.
References
Limoniidae
Insects described in 1804
Dale Inman (born August 19, 1936) is a retired NASCAR Grand National/Winston Cup Series crew chief from Level Cross, Randolph County, North Carolina.  They are best known for being the crew chief of Richard Petty at Petty Enterprises during three decades. They won 188 races and seven championships together (1964, 1967, 1971, 1972, 1974, 1975, and 1979). Inman spent most of their career working for Petty Enterprises. They also are the crew chief for Terry Labonte's 1984 championship with Hagan Racing. NASCAR.com contributor Rick Houston said that if the best crew chief was "settled on statistics and statistics alone, Dale Inman is the greatest crew chief of all time."  They are credited for starting the main duties of the position including preparation, and driver-pit communication. Inman has the most victories as a NASCAR crew chief at 193, 188 of which were with Richard Petty. Inman won five additional races from 1982 to 1984 with Tim Richmond and Terry Labonte.
Career
Inman grew up playing with their second cousins Richard and Maurice Petty. The Petty brothers were the son of Lee Petty, who finished in the Top 5 points in NASCAR's stock car division every year from its formation in 1949 until 1959 and won the 1954, 1958, and 1959 championships. The teenage boys would attend some races and work on Lee's car after school and on weekends. Richard started racing in the late 1950s with Maurice and Inman as part of their pit crew, as they were too young to be their crew chief. In 1960, Petty won their first NASCAR race. By this time Maurice and Inman had become NASCAR mechanics. Maurice had been the mechanic and crew chief at the races. Petty Enterprises had them start concentrating on engine building for the team, and Inman became the crew chief at the races. Petty described them as the sport's first official crew chief.
In 1967, Petty won a NASCAR-record ten straight races and 27 races during that season with Inman as their crew chief. All 27 victories were in the same car that they built in 1966. They departed the team days after winning the 1981 Daytona 500. While being interviewed after winning the race, they told CBS reporter Ned Jarrett that they would soon be leaving the team. Inman had been crewed chief for 188 of Petty's 193 victories up to that point.
They were hired by Rod Osterlund to be the crew chief for 1980 champion Dale Earnhardt. That June, Osterlund sold the team to J. D. Stacy and Earnhardt quit Stacy's team in August. They stayed with the team and was the crew chief for Joe Ruttman and Tim Richmond, winning two races with Richmond in 1982. For 1983 and 1984, they were hired by Billy Hagan to join Terry Labonte's team. They combined to win three races and the 1984 championship.
They returned to Petty Enterprises in 1986 to oversee the business side. In an interview, they said, "This is my homecoming and this is where I belong. Damn, I am happy." They served as Petty's crew chief for three more seasons (1986–1988) and continued in their role helping Richard Petty until Petty retired in 1992. After their retirement, Inman helped Petty Enterprises drivers Rick Wilson, John Andretti, and Bobby Hamilton.
Inman retired from NASCAR in 1998, having won 193 races and eight championships. They continued as a consultant for Petty Enterprises for a while afterward. Away from racing, Inman has helped the Victory Junction Gang Camp get started. In 2008, they helped unveil the first artifact at the NASCAR Hall of Fame, which was the Plymouth Belvedere that Petty drove to 27 wins in 1967.
Awards
In 2006, a national motorsports media group poll named Ray Evernham as the top NASCAR crew chief of all-time and Inman placed a close second even though they had more first place votes than Evernham. When asked, Inman said "I'm not even sure I should be ranked. I think I was second [in the poll], and I'm honored at that." They said that the best crew chief that they ever saw was Leonard Wood from the Wood Brothers and Waddell Wilson was also good.
Their contributions to racing led to them receiving the North Carolina Auto Racing Hall of Fame's first Golden Wrench award on May 25, 2000. In 2008, they were received the Smokey Yunick Award.
On June 14, 2011, they were selected to the 2012 class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
Personal life
As of 2000, Inman was married to their wife Mary for over 40 years. They had two children, Tina Dale Hussey and Jeffrey Inman, and four grandchildren, Taylor and Logan Hussey, and Peyton and Addison Inman.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
NASCAR crew chiefs
People from Randolph County, North Carolina
Petty family
NASCAR Hall of Fame inductees
Sandridge is a village and civil parish between St Albans and Wheathampstead in Hertfordshire, England.
History
The original name was "Saundruage" meaning a place of sandy soil serviced by bond tenants.
The earliest recorded mention of Sandridge is in the year 796 the parish being part of the revenue of the Mercian Kings. It was given by Egfrith son of Offa in the first year of their reign to abbot Eadric second abbot of St Alban's Monastery and to the monks of St Albans.
Part of the parish of Sandridge was added to the Municipal Borough of St Albans in 1887. The remainder of the parish was renamed Sandridge Rural in 1894 when Sandridge Rural Parish Council was formed. In 1913 a further 241 acres were transferred to St Albans. The parish name reverted to Sandridge in 1957.
Second Battle of St Albans
In February 1461 the final skirmishes of the Second Battle of St Albans took place in and around Sandridge as the Earl of Warwick, for the Yorkists, retreated towards Nomansland.
Information
The population of Sandridge ward at the time of the 2001 census was 4,808. This includes some people living in the Jersey Farm area of St Albans.
The village has three pubs: the Green Man, the Rose and Crown and the Queen's Head.
The village church, St Leonard's, is medieval. Its lychgate was built as a memorial to World War I.
It also supports Sandridge Rovers F.C., who play in the Hertfordshire Senior County League.
Sandridge was one of the earlier homes of the great English general, John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, and their infamous wife, Sarah, a favourite of Queen Anne. The title Baron Sandridge was given to Churchill by James II in 1685, and was their first English peerage title (his earlier title, Baron Eyemouth, had been created in 1682 by James's predecessor, Charles II, in the Peerage of Scotland).
In 1939 the first Second World War secret Wireless Intercept Station was constructed by the GPO at the top of Woodcock Hill. It was the first of a group of stations dedicated to Diplomatic Interception with rows of radio operators listening to the wireless traffic between Germany, Italy, Tokyo and other enemy embassies around the world. Messages intercepted at Sandridge were sent to Bletchley Park for decryption. The results were vital to Winston Churchill who used the information to make important decisions about the course of the war. After the Second World War it became part of the Diplomatic Wireless Service under GCHQ and in 1973 the site was taken over by the Home Office for police research.
In 2008 the Woodland Trust announced plans to create a new forest north of Sandridge. The of woodland are to be called Heartwood Forest.
References
Facts about Sandridge
Some dates in the history of St Leonard's Church, Sandridge, A paper read at a meeting of the St Albans and Hertfordshire Architectural and Archeological Society, held at Sandridge, June 24, 1900 by the Rev J.A. Cruikshank M.A.
External links
Sandridge Parish Council
City of St Albans
Civil parishes in Hertfordshire
History of telecommunications in the United Kingdom
Science and technology in Hertfordshire
Villages in Hertfordshire
The following lists events that happened during 1936 in Afghanistan.
The chief control of affairs remains in the hands of the three uncles of the young king, Zahir Shah, who continue to work together in complete harmony. The country enjoys peace both internally and externally and makes further material progress. New motor roads are built in the Southern Province, and classes in practical agriculture are opened in Kabul under the guidance of a Japanese expert.
Incumbents
Monarch – Mohammed Zahir Shah
Prime Minister – Mohammad Hashim Khan
January 1936
The minister of foreign affairs visits Turkey.
Early 1936
Direct telegraphic communication is opened with Iran, the Afghan line being connected with the Iranian at Kalk Ala.
April 1936
The American minister in Tehran visits Kabul to negotiate a treaty of friendship between the United States and Afghanistan, and about the same time the governor of the North-West Frontier Province visits Kabul to discuss frontier problems.
June 1936
An agreement, virtually amounting to a trade agreement between the Soviet Union and Afghanistan, is concluded between the Afghanistan National Bank and the Soviet Trade Agency, by which arrangements are made for the barter of commodities between the two countries, with imports and exports balancing at a value of 10,500,000 gold dollars over a three-year period beginning on June 1. Afghanistan is to export cotton, wool, opium, and other commodities, and import kerosene, cotton seeds, linen goods, petrol, and sugar.
July 1936
The minister of war visits London.
November 1936
The prime minister visits Paris and Berlin.
End of 1936
It is reported that the Afghan government has granted to the Inland Exploration Company of New York a 75-year concession for oil covering 270,000 square miles (700,000 km2).
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Harold Goodglass (August 18, 1920 – March 18, 2002) was a prominent pioneer of neuropsychological tests and assessment, and spent much of their career investigating aphasia. The Boston VA Hospital, where they spent many years investigating brain function, now houses the Harold Goodglass Aphasia Research Center.
Goodglass was born in New York City August 18, 1920, graduated from Townsend Harris High School in 1935, and received a B.A. degree from City College of New York in 1939. They served in the Army Air Force from 1942 to 1946, and was discharged as a Captain. They then attended New York University, receiving a M.A. degree in psychology in 1948, and they received a Ph.D. degree in clinical psychology from the University of Cincinnati in 1951.
Goodglass developed a special interest in aphasia early in their career, and with the research support of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), they published research articles on disorders of naming in aphasia, on category specific disorders of lexical comprehension and production, on the comprehension of syntax, and on the syndrome of agrammatism. They also carried out a program of studies on cerebral dominance. Among their collaborators were Fred Quadfasel, Jean Berko Gleason, Edith Kaplan, Martin Albert, Nancy Helm-Estabrooks, Marlene Oscar Berman, Sheila Blumstein, Nelson Butters, Norman Geschwind, Howard Gardner, Edgar Zurif, Joan Borod, Arthur Wingfield, and Kim Lindfield.
Goodglass became director of the Boston University Aphasia Research Center in 1969, which is located at the VA Medical Center in Jamaica Plain. They remained in that post until 1996, and the Center was renamed in their honor, the "Harold Goodglass Aphasia Research Center." They were the author of over 130 research articles, and of the books Psycholinguistics and Aphasia (with Sheila Blumstein), The Assessment of Aphasia and Related Disorders, the Boston Diagnostic Aphasia Examination (with Edith Kaplan), Understanding Aphasia, and Anomia (with Arthur Wingfield). They received the 1997 Gold Medal Award for Contributions to the Application of Psychology from the American Psychological Foundation. They had recently been awarded a five-year grant from National Institutes of Health to continue their studies of aphasia.
Goodglass died on March 18, 2002, of complications of a fall. They were 82.
References
1920 births
2002 deaths
20th-century American psychologists
Neuropsychologists
The Tama Lakes are two crater lakes in New Zealand's Tongariro National Park. They fill two (Upper and Lower Tama) of a series of explosion craters on the Tama Saddle between Mount Ruapehu and Mount Ngaruahoe (a main Mount Tongariro vent).
See also
List of volcanoes in New Zealand
External links
Aerial photo of the Tama Lakes
Tongariro Volcanic Centre
Volcanoes of Manawatū-Whanganui
Volcanic crater lakes
The Minto Skating Club is a competitive figure skating club in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, founded in 1904. The Club is a member of the Skate Canada figure skating organization in Canada, and was a founder of the predecessor organization to Skate Canada, the "Figure Skating Department" of the Amateur Skating Association of Canada in 1914.
Notable skaters who represented the club include Olympic and World champion Barbara Ann Scott and Olympic bronze medallist and World champion Don Jackson. Notable skaters include Melville Rogers, Lynn Nightingale, Kim Alletson, Gordon Forbes, and the dance teams of Isabelle Duchesnay / Paul Duchesnay and Chantal Lefebvre / Michel Brunet.
History
The club was founded in 1904. The club's patron was the then Governor-General of Canada, Lord Minto, or Earl, and the Countess of Minto. Membership was drawn from the Rideau Skating Club. Skating was first held at the Governor-General's residence, Rideau Hall and soon moved to the Rideau Skating Rink. Skating was also held at the Dey's Arena in Ottawa.
In 1905, the first Canadian Skating Championships were held. Minto's Ormond B. Haycock is the first Canadian men's champion, and together with Katherine Haycock won the Canadian pairs championship. The pair would repeat in 1906. In 1908, Ormond Haycock and Aimee Haycock won the Canadian pairs' championship. Ormond Haycock would win two further pairs' titles with their partner Lady Evelyn Grey in 1910 and 1911.
In 1914, the club was a founding member of the new Figure Skating Department in the Amateur Skating Association of Canada, located in Ottawa. At the first "official" Canadian Championships, Minto's Muriel Maunsell was the ladies champion. Joachim Ribbentrop, then a young German living in Canada, competed for the club. They would later become the Foreign Minister of Nazi Germany.
In 1920 and 1922, Alden Godwin and Douglas Nelles skating out of Minto won the Canadian pairs' championship. In 1922, the Club moved to a new Rideau Rink on Waller Avenue in Ottawa. The Club subsequently took over the rink and renamed it the Minto Rink. In 1922 and 1923, Dorothy Jenkins out of Minto won the Canadian women's senior championship. In 1923, Melville Rogers won their first Canadian men's title, followed by wins from 1926–1928. In 1924, Elizabeth Blair and John Machado won the Canadian pairs' championship. In 1925, Gladys Rogers and Melville Rogers of Minto won the Canadian pairs' championship.
From 1933–1937, the team of Elmore Davis, Melville Rogers, Prudence Holbrook and Guy Owen won the Canadian fours' championship skating for Minto.
In 1948, the Club produced its first World champion, Barbara Ann Scott. Scott also won the gold medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics. In 1949, the Minto Rink was destroyed by fire, and the Club built a new rink on Henderson Avenue.
From 1955–1957, Carol Jane Pachl out of Minto won the Canadian women's senior championship. The Henderson Avenue rink was sold to the University of Ottawa in 1959.
Don Jackson won the bronze medal for figure skating at the 1960 Winter Olympics, and went on to win the 1962 World Figure Skating Championships. Jackson would later become a coach at Minto.
From 1974–1977, Lynn Nightingale skating out of Minto, won the Canadian women's senior championship. They placed ninth at the 1976 Winter Olympics and placed in the top ten at five world championships.
In 1986, the Club opened a new facility on Lancaster Road in Ottawa. In 1992 and 1993, the pairs team of Penny Mann and Juan-Carlos Noria won silver in the Canadian pairs championship. The pair of Jennifer Boyce and Michel Brunet skating out of Minto won silver in the Canadian pairs championships of 1994 and 1995. Brunet then formed a team with Chantal Lefebvre and won the silvers in four consecutive Canadian championships behind the champion team of Shae-Lynn Bourne and Victor Kraatz, and competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Notable skaters
Barbara Ann Scott
Don Jackson
Joachim von Ribbentrop
Melville Rogers
Lynn Nightingale
Kim Alletson
Gordon Forbes
Isabelle Duchesnay / Paul Duchesnay
Chantal Lefebvre / Michel Brunet
See also
Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Canada at the 1960 Winter Olympics
References and notes
External links
Official web site
Skate Guard: The 1949 Minto Skating Club Fire
Sport in Ottawa
Figure skating clubs in Canada
1904 establishments in Ontario
Water toad is a name used for several species of toads:
Helmeted water toad (Calyptocephalella gayi)
Korean water toad (Bufo stejnegeri)
Surinam water toads (Pipa spp.)
Animal common name disambiguation pages
"Let's Love" is a song by French DJ David Guetta and Australian singer-songwriter Sia. It was released as a single on 11 September 2020 through Parlophone. The song was written by Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Marcus van Wattum and Sia.
At the APRA Music Awards of 2022, the song was nominated for Most Performed Dance/Electronic Work.
Background
David Guetta previously collaborated with Sia on the singles "Titanium", "She Wolfs (Falling to Pieces)", "Bang My Head", "Helium" and "Flames". Guetta revealed they were in Miami during the COVID-19 pandemic when they texted Sia and asked if they wanted to "save the world with a happy record and go against the trend". They originally sent Sia piano chords, on which Sia recorded vocals and sent them back a ballad. Guetta wanted the track to feel "happier", and turned it into an '80s synth-pop track. Guetta told Forbes that Pat Benatar, liked by both Sia and himself, was a big influence for "Let's Love".
The single was announced on 27 August 2020 through Guetta's social media platforms, and made available for pre-save on streaming platforms. The track was previewed on TikTok prior to release; Guetta added a statement, saying; "What I love is being in the studio and making music, especially here in Ibiza. Tell me what you love. Tell me what you love, show me what you love. Send me your videos, anything you're passion about. I think life is nothing without a passion and I want us to celebrate life together". Regarding the song release, Guetta stated that "during this time of isolation, I've been incredibly inspired to release music that has an uplifting energy".
Composition and reception
"Let's Love" is a synth-pop, synthwave and new wave song with '80s influences. It was written by David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Marcus van Wattum and Sia in the key of D minor. Sia's vocals in the song span a range of F3 to D5.
Ben Kaye of Consequence of Sound described the song as "an uplifting '80s banger" with "a slapping '80s beat that's a few electronic notes removed from Sing Street". The Official Charts Company also described "Let's Love" as a track with "glimmering synths and an uplifting tempo that juxtapose the trap, alternative, and emo-rap landscape of 2020 in music." Various journalists also noted the track's similarity to Pat Benatar's "Love Is a Battlefield".
Track listings
Digital download and streaming
"Let's Love" – 3:20
Digital download and streaming – David Guetta & MORTEN Future Rave Remix
"Let's Love" (David Guetta & MORTEN Future Rave Remix) – 3:42
"Let's Love" (David Guetta & MORTEN Future Rave Remix) [Extended] – 4:39
Digital download and streaming – Cesqeaux Remix
"Let's Love" (Cesqeaux Remix) – 3:26
"Let's Love" (Cesqeaux Remix) [Extended] – 4:00
Digital download and streaming – Robin Schulz Remix
"Let's Love" (Robin Schulz Remix) – 2:52
"Let's Love" (Robin Schulz Remix) [Extended] – 4:13
Digital download and streaming – Acoustic
"Let's Love" (Acoustic) – 3:25
"Let's Love" – 3:20
Digital download and streaming – Vintage Culture, Fancy Inc Remix
"Let's Love" (Vintage Culture, Fancy Inc Remix) – 3:40
"Let's Love" (Vintage Culture, Fancy Inc Remix) [Extended] – 5:26
Digital download and streaming – DJs from Mars Remix
"Let's Love" (DJs from Mars Remix) – 3:10
"Let's Love" (DJs from Mars Remix) [Extended] – 4:21
Digital download and streaming – Aazar Remix
"Let's Love" (Aazar Remix) – 4:02
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
David Guetta – production, instruments, programming
Sia Furler – lead vocals
Giorgio Tuinfort – production, instruments, piano, programming
Marcus van Wattum – production, instruments, programming
Marcel Schimscheimer – bass
Pierre-Luc Rioux – guitar
Peppe Folliero – mastering, mixing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
David Guetta songs
Sia (musician) songs
Parlophone singles
Song recordings produced by David Guetta
Songs written by Giorgio Tuinfort
Songs written by Sia (musician)
Synthwave songs
Number-one singles in Israel
The Cuba women's national football team is the national women's football team of Cuba and is overseen by the Asociación de Fútbol de Cuba. In 2018, Cuba qualified for its first ever CONCACAF Women's Championship after finishing third in Caribbean Zone Qualifying.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2022
Players
Up-to-date caps, goals, and statistics are not publicly available; therefore, caps and goals listed may be incorrect.
Current squad
The following players were called up to play the matches against Honduras on 8 April 2022.
Coach: Edelsio Griego
Recent call ups
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
CONCACAF W Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Pan American Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Central American and Caribbean Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
CFU Women's Caribbean Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
References
External links
FIFA Profile
Jeffrey or Jeff Taylor may refer to:
Sports
Jeffery Taylor (born 1989), Swedish-American basketball player; son of basketball player Jeff Taylor
Jeff Taylor (basketball) (1960–2020), American basketball player
Jeff Taylor (footballer) (1930–2010), British footballer
Jeff Taylor (ice hockey), American ice hockey player drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2014 NHL Entry Draft
Jeff Taylor (wrestler) or Scotty 2 Hotty (born 1973), American professional wrestler
Other
Jeffrey A. Taylor, former United States Attorney
Jeff Taylor (entrepreneur), American internet entrepreneur, founder of Monster.com
Jeff Taylor (journalist), 1992 Pulitzer Prize winner
Jeff Taylor (politician), American professor and politician from Iowa
See also
Geoffrey Taylor (disambiguation)
Maanikyan is a 2005 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. K. Haridas. The film stars Kalabhavan Mani, Nandini, Jagathy Sreekumar and Siddique in lead roles. The film had musical score by Thej Mervin.
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Maanikyan
Nandini as Nirmala Menon
Jagathy Sreekumar as Shankaran
Siddique as Gopikrishnan
Kaviraj as Jayaprakash
Saranya Sasi as Chandralekha
Salim Kumar as Kumaran
Sruthi Lakshmi as Young Nirmala Menon
Suresh Krishna as Rajedran
Manka Mahesh as Vilasiniyamma
Rizabawa as Shekhara Menon
Bindu Panicker as Gowri
Gayathri as Thulasi
Aniyappan
Geetha Salam
Lakshmi Krishnamoorthy
Sagar Shiyas
Spadikam George
Guinness Pakru as Cameo Appearance
Balachandran Chullikkadu as Cameo Appearance
Subbalakshmi as Ammumma
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Thej Mervin.
References
2005 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. K. Haridas
Annulobalcis vinarius is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.
Distribution
This marine species remains distributed throughout marine terrain off the coasts of Vietnam.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 2012
This is a list of Estonian television related events from 2009.
Events
7 March - Urban Symphony are selected to represent Estonia at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest with their song "Rändajad". They are selected to be the fifteenth Estonian Eurovision entry during Eesti Laul held at the ETV Studios in Tallinn.
20 December - Ott Lepland wins the third season of Eesti otsib superstaari, becoming the show's first man to be crowned as winner.
Debuts
Television shows
1990s
Õnne 13 (1993–present)
2000s
Eesti otsib superstaari (2007–present)
Ending this year
Births
Deaths
Spring is the second album by American drummer Tony Williams recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label. Williams is featured with tenor saxophonists Sam Rivers and Wayne Shorter, pianist Herbie Hancock and bassist Gary Peacock.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 3 stars and stated "Considering the extraordinary talent assembled for Tony Williams' second Blue Note date as a leader, this could have been a landmark session. Unfortunately, it's not. Spring isn't totally forgettable; on the contrary... However, the five Tony Williams compositions... often failed to provoke the musicians into reaching crucial unity, making Spring haphazard, falling short of the expected goal".
Track listing
All compositions by Anthony Williams
Side one
"Extras" – 8:10
"Echo" – 5:02
"From Before" – 6:50
Side two
"Love Song" – 8:25
"Tee" – 10:29
Personnel
Anthony Williams - drums
Wayne Shorter (1, 3, 5), Sam Rivers (1, 3-5) - tenor saxophone, flute
Herbie Hancock - piano (3-5)
Gary Peacock - bass (1 & 3-5)
References
Blue Note Records albums
Tony Williams (drummer) albums
1966 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Instrumental albums
The Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal focusing on all aspects of autism spectrum disorders and related developmental disabilities. It was established in 1971 under the name Journal of Autism and Childhood Schizophrenia and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Fred R. Volkmar (Yale University School of Medicine).
Past editors
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of this journal:
Leo Kanner (Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 1971–1974)
Eric Schopler (University of North Carolina School of Medicine, 1974–1997)
Michael Rutter (Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London, 1974–1994)
Gary B. Mesibov (University of North Carolina School of Medicine, 1997–2007)
See also
List of psychiatry journals
Publications established in 1971
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Psychiatry journals
Works about autism
English-language journals
Monthly journals
Developmental psychology journals
Nandor or Nándor is a Hungarian form of given name Ferdinand. In Old Hungarian, the word Nándor signified "Bulgar", but it fell into disuse, probably soon after 1000 AD.
It can refer to:
Nándor Dáni (1871 – 1949), Hungarian athlete
Nándor Fettich (1900 – 1971), Hungarian archaeologist
Nandor Fodor (1895 – 1964), British and American parapsychologist, psychoanalyst, author and journalist of Hungarian origin
Nándor Hidegkuti (1922 – 2002), Hungarian footballer and manager
Nandor Mikola (1911 – 2006), watercolor painter from Finland, born in Hungary
Nándor Tánczos (born 1966), member of the New Zealand Parliament, representing the Green Party
Nandor Wagner (1922 – 1997), Hungarian artist and sculptor
Nándor, the Hungarian name for Nandru village, Pestișu Mic Commune, Hunedoara County, Romania
Nandor can also mean:
Nandor (Middle-earth), a division of the Elves in J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium
Nandor the Relentless, a vampire in the sitcom What We Do in the Shadows
References
See also
Nando (name)
Hungarian masculine given names
Although the vast majority of coins are round, coins are made in a variety of other shapes, including squares, diamonds, hexagons, heptagons, octagons, decagons, and dodecagons. They have also been struck with scalloped (wavy) edges, and with holes in the middle. Coins in the shape of polygons often have rounded edges or are Reuleaux polygons.
This article focuses mainly on circulating coins; a number of non-circulating commemorative coins have been made in special shapes, including guitars, pyramids, and maps. There is a list with more unusual shapes of non-circulating commemorative coins at the end of this page, that all have been issued officially by various countries.
Triangular
The Cook Islands have a circulating 2 dollar triangular coin with rounded corners.
Squares and diamonds
Indo-Greek coins were often square. Aruba has a large circulating square 50 cents coin.
Many countries have struck square coins with rounded corners. Some of these, such as the Netherlands zinc 5 cent coin of World War II (1941–1943) and the Bangladesh 5 poisha coin (1977–1994) are oriented as a square, while others, such as the Netherlands 5 cents (1913–1940), the Netherlands Antilles 50 cent, the Bangladesh 5 poisha (1973–1974) and the 1981 Jersey 1 pound coin, are oriented as a diamond. Ceylon (the current Sri Lanka) issued its first square coin in 1909, followed by several others. India has had various circulating square coins as well, like denominated 1/2 and 2 anna coins, as well as 1 and 5 paisa coins.
Siege money, such as Klippe coins or the siege money of Newark, was often in the shape of a lozenge (rhombus).
Pentagonal
The Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen introduced pentagonal and rial coins in 1948. In 2014 Transnistria was the next country to issue a circulating pentagonal 5 rubles hard plastic coin.
Hexagonal
The Belgian Congo had a hexagonal 2 franc coin, as did the Kingdom of Egypt (2 piastres, also known as 2 qirsh). India used to have 3 paise and 20 paise coins that were hexagonal with rounded corners. The Burma (25 pyas) is scalloped hexagonal.
Heptagonal
The Madagascar 10 ariary coin is seven-sided. The British twenty pence and fifty pence coins are heptagonal Reuleaux polygons, as is the United Arab Emirates 50 fils coin, the Barbados one dollar coin, and several coins from Botswana. Many countries in the Commonwealth of Nations have issued heptagonal coins. Reuleaux polygons have constant width, which means the currency detectors in coin-operated machines do not need an extra mechanism to detect shape.
Octagonal
The Chile 1 peso and 5 pesos coins issued from 1992 to 2015 are eight-sided. So was the old circulating Malta 25 cent coin commemorating Malta's first anniversary of the republic and some California gold coins. Some other countries that have issued circulating octagonal coins are the Lebanon and Sierra Leone.
Nonagonal
In 1972 the first country to issue a circulating nine-sided coin was Thailand with a 1972 regular 5 baht coin, followed by Kenya in 1973 with a special issue coin. The third and final circulating nonagonal coin issued in the 20th century and is the regular 1976 50 cent coin from Tuvalu. Currently, the Philippines issues nonagonal 5-peso coins from 2019 as an enhanced design of the round version to make it distinct from the other denominations.
Decagonal
Hong Kong issued a ten-sided 5 dollar coin from 1976 to 1979, while the Philippines issued ten-sided two piso (peso) coins from 1983 to 1990. Some other countries that have issued ten-sided circulation coins are Chile, the Dominican Republic, Jamaica and Madagascar.
Hendecagonal
The old Indian 2-rupee coin was eleven-sided, while the Canadian one dollar coin is an eleven-sided Reuleaux polygon. Also Madagascar has issued some circulating eleven-sided coins.
Dodecagonal
Many countries have struck twelve-sided coins, mostly countries belonging to the Commonwealth of Nations. Several of these are 3 pence (or quarter shilling) coins from the pre-decimal pound. Coins currently circulating include the British one pound coin, 50 cent coins from Australia, Fiji and the Solomon Islands, the Tongan 50 seniti coin and the circulating commemorative Croatian 25 kuna coins.
Tridecagonal
In 1993, the Czech Republic was the first country to issue a 13 sided 20 koruna coin. In 2013, Tunisia followed with a 13-sided 200 millièmes coin.
Pentadecagonal
A 5 dirham commemorative coin from the UAE in 1981 had 15 sides, commemorating the 15th century of Hejira.
Scalloped
Many countries have coins with scalloped (wavy) edges. These usually have twelve bumps (e.g. the Vanuatu 100 vatu or the Hong Kong 20 cents), but can have other numbers such as eight (the eSwatini 10 cents or the Ang Bagong Lipunan Philippine five centavo coin) or sixteen (the Libya 50 dirhams).
Holed
Often a round coin will have a central hole. In some countries this was to allow them to be strung together, while other reasons include difficulty of counterfeiting and ability for visually impaired people to distinguish them from other coins.
Some coins give the impression that holes were used to save metal, though it may not be possible to prove with certainty that this was the reason for creating the holes. An example of such a coin with a fairly large hexagonal hole is a undated tin 1 cash coin, minded in the period 1550–1596, that circulated in the Banten Sultanate on Java and Sumatra (Indonesia). Also, several tin 1 pitis coins with exceptionally large round holes, of which some were made in octagonal coins, were used in Jambi Sultanate on Northern Sumatra (Indonesia). Due to the soft metal tin used to make these thin old coins, they can easily be bent. In the years 1943–1947 India produced 1 pice coins for circulation with very large holes, continued by Pakistan producing 1 pice coins of equal shape in the years 1948–1952.
Chinese cash coins had a square hole, while many modern coins have a round hole. Examples include the Japan 5 yen coin and 50 yen coin, and the Denmark 1 krone coin.
Other shapes
Rectangles: In the Edo period Japan issued several circulating silver and gold rectangular coins, as well as a copper clad lead issue with a hole.
Near oval: Japan also issued various near oval coins in the Edo period.
Half circle: for Barbados Spanish coins were cut in half, it is hard to detect originals though, many forgeries exist.
Additional shapes among non-circulating coins
Triangular: Bermuda has some special issue triangular coins from 1997 onward with curved edges.
The Isle of Man has some triangular special issue coins where the triangle is not regular (the angles are not all 60 degrees).
Octagonal: The U.S. Panama–Pacific commemorative 50 dollar coins of 1915 is shaped like a true octagon.
Tetradecagonal: In 1976, Malaysia was the first country to issue 14-sided coins, the non-circulating 10 (silver) and 200 (gold) ringgit. Australia started to issue a series of non-circulating 14-sided 50 cents coins dedicated to the Chinese zodiac in 2012.
Rectangular: Jersey and Fiji have issued non-circulating rectangular coins.
Oval: Fiji and Poland have issued some non-circulating oval coins.
Quarter circle: Poland has issued a 10 złotych coin in the shape of a quarter circle.
Spheres: Niue issued the first official (non-circulating) spherical coin with a face value of 7 New Zealand dollars. Several other countries followed soon with spherical coins, like Poland and Barbados. A 2008–2014 1 dollar sphere issue from Somalia is considered a fantasy coin, it was not officially issued by Somalia.
Yin Yang: Fiji has issued some Yin Yang shaped coins.
Arc (section of a circle with a hole): China started to issue a series of arc-shaped coins in the year 2000.
Heart: Several countries have issued non-circulating heart shaped coins, like China, Cook Islands and Poland.
Maps: Nauru has issued some non-circulating map shaped coins. Australia also has issued some non-circulating map shaped coins (1 dollar coins in the shape of the map of Australia).
Coca-Cola cap: Fiji has issued some non-circulating coins shaped like the cap of a Coca-Cola bottle.
Cannabis leaf: Benin issued a non-circulating 100 CFA francs coin shaped like a cannabis leaf in 2011.
Masks: Fiji issued an Iron Man Mask and a Spider-Man Mask coin in 2019, both non-circulating.
See also
Spanish flower
References
External links
Unusual / odd coins around the world
Geometric shapes
Production of coins
Ayodele Odusola is the Resident Representative for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in South Africa.
Biography
Prior, they were Chief Economist and Head of the Strategy and Analysis Team for UNDP's Regional Bureau for Africa. Before their appointment as Chief Economist for UNDP Africa, Odusola served as the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) Adviser for Sub-Saharan Africa, after their tenure as Economic Adviser in UNDP South Africa, where they played a key role in developing partnerships on the MDGs and in publishing the National and Provincial MDG and Human Development Reports. Before their time in South Africa, they were a Senior Economist in UNDP Nigeria, supporting the preparation of fiscal responsibility legislation; national and local economic empowerment and development strategies; local, regional and national MDGs; human development reports; and national development plans and visions.
Odusola worked with the Presidency of Nigeria prior to joining the United Nations, where they served as Head of the Research and Macroeconomic Training Programme under Nigeria's National Centre for Economic Management and Administration.
In December 2021, they published "Africa's Agricultural Renaissance: From Paradox to Powerhouse".
Academic career
Odusola has published over 50 articles in national and international journals, editing and authoring books and technical reports. Dr. Odusola is the lead author and one of the co-editors of the UNDP Africa publication “Income Inequality in sub-Saharan Africa: Divergence, Determinants and Consequences,” which was launched during the meeting of the United Nations General Assembly, in 2017.
Odusola obtained their PhD from University of Ibadan, Nigeria. In 2001, they were the African Visiting Scholar to the International Monetary Fund.
References
United Nations Development Programme officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Anarchism in Panama began as an organized movement among immigrant workers, brought to the country to work on the numerous megaprojects throughout its history.
History
The construction of the Panama Canal Railway and the Panama Canal brought a large number of migrant workers to Panama. The construction period that was conducted by the French brought about 20,000 workers into the country, many of whom were anarchists from Europe. The construction period conducted by the United States brought about 40,000 workers from Central America and the Caribbean to the country. It was these workers that first brought anarcho-syndicalism to Panama. The most libertarian workers came from Spain, a country where the anarchist movement was tightly organized and held revolutionary experience. While the railway was under construction, a number of strikes broke out, demanding higher wages and improved working conditions. Strikes erupted again in 1895, led mostly by European anarchists, some of them were even successful.
On June 11, 1904, the Panamanian government passed a law that prohibited entry to anarchist immigrants. In 1905, governor George W. Davis, made an effort to hinder construction work by anarchists. In 1907, 2,000 Spanish workers struck for better wages. Panamanian anarchists organized as a fringe movement within the Federación Obrera, which had been formed by the liberal politician Belisario Porras, where they promoted a tenants' strike. A number of individualist anarchists, influenced by the philosophies of Nietzsche and Stirner, also arrived in Panama. They saw syndicalism as a potential enemy, due to its organizationalist tendencies, and instead formed several affinity groups for their activities. In 1911 the individualist newspaper El Unico was first published in Colón.
In 1924, a group of anarcho-syndicalists established the Sindicato General de Trabajadores, the first national trade union center in Panama, which attracted thousands of members, including foreign and Panamanian anarchists, as well as the future leaders of the Communist and Socialist parties.
References
Bibliography
Anarchism by country
Anarchism
1890s in Panama
The Princess Grace Foundation – USA is a charity organization named after Princess Grace of Monaco, which supports emerging performers in theater, dance, and film in the form of awards, grants, scholarships, and fellowships. The Foundation holds an annual awards ceremony to recognize fledgling and established artists across the country. Prince Albert II of Monaco serves as its patron.
History
The Foundation was established by Prince Rainier III of Monaco to honor the legacy of the late Princess Grace, who supported Monégasque arts in culture as well as numerous up-and-coming American artists during their lifetime.
In 1982, Robert Hausman, founding Chairman, incorporated Princess Grace Foundation-USA as a non-profit public charity. The Board of Trustees at the time of its founding consisted of Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant, Roger Moore, John Johnson, William P. Rogers, Mary Wells Lawrence, and Lynn Wyatt.
The first financial grants in the form of scholarships, apprenticeships, and fellowships were awarded in 1984 to artists associated with schools or performing arts companies in the dance and theater. An arts advisory board composed of professionals in each of those fields was appointed to the Awards recipients. President Ronald Reagan, and First Lady Nancy Reagan oversaw the first gala at the White House in Washington, D.C.; The Foundation has continued with annual Awards Galas, rotating between New York City, Los Angeles and Monte Carlo. Currently, there are five avenues of funding for Award winners, available exclusively to Award winners and honoraria: Special Projects, Works in Progress in partnership with Baryshnikov Arts Center, Choreography Mentorship Co-Commission, Professional Development, and Professional Development partnerships for filmmakers.
The Princess Grace Awards
The Princess Grace Awards are a ceremony held each year, hosted by the Princely Family of Monaco and the Princess Grace Foundation-USA, to recognize emerging and established artists in the performing arts. The five nomination categories include theater, playwriting, dance, choreography, and film.
The Princess Grace Statue Award
The Princess Grace Statue Awarded is the foundation's highest honor, received by artists who distinguish themselves in their respective disciplines after receiving a previous Princess Grace Award. In addition to a $25,000 cash gift, the awardees are presented with a bronze statuette of Princess Grace created by the Dutch artist Kees Verkade. To date, sixty-seven artists have received this award. As of 2020, sixty-seven artists have received this award, including Oscar Isaac, John M. Chu, Leslie Odom Jr., Chinonye Chukwu, Gillian Murphy, David Hallberg, Anna D. Shapiro, and Rose Bond.
The Prince Rainier III Award
The Prince Rainier III Award was inaugurated in 2005, after the passing of Prince Rainier. The Award is presented to established artists who are both highly celebrated in their careers and have made significant humanitarian contributions to their fields. The Award includes a grant to the philanthropic organization of the honorees's choice. Recipients to date include George Lucas, Glenn Close, Denzel Washington, Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, Robert Redford, Queen Latifah and James Cameron.
Notable Princess Grace Awards Winners
Theater
Jared Mezzocchi, 2012 Theater Fellowship
Nicolette Robinson, 2009 Theater Scholarship, Gant Gaither Theater Award
Scott Turner Schofield, 2007 Theater Fellowship - Acting, 2009 Special Project Award
Oscar Isaac, 2004 Theater Scholarship
Sam Gold, 2004 Theater Scholarship, 2018 Statue Award
Leslie Odom Jr., 2002 Theater Scholarship, 2016 Statue Award
Richard Kimmel, 2000 Theater Fellowship
Anna Shapiro, 1996 Theater Apprenticeship, 2010 Statue Award
Michael John Garcés, 1995 Theater Fellowship, 2007 Statue Award
Eric Simonson, 1994 Theater Fellowship, 2005 Statue Award
David Barrera, 1993 Theater Scholarship
David Neumann, 1993 Theater Apprenticeship, 2011 Works in Progress Residency
Paul Tazewell, 1993 Theater Fellowship, 2004 Statue Award
Shishir Kurup, 1993 Theater Apprenticeship
Donna Lynne Champlin, 1992 Theater Scholarship
Michael Wilson, 1992 Theater Fellowship, 2001 Statue Award
Ricardo Hernandez, 1992 Theater Apprenticeship, 2000 Statue Award
Ty Taylor, 1990 Theater Scholarship
Yareli Arizmendi, 1990 Theater Scholarship, 1995 Statue Award
Christopher Ashley, 1989 Theater Apprenticeship, 1998 Statue Award
Orlagh Cassidy, 1989 Theater Scholarship
Bruce Graham, 1988 Theater Fellowship, 1991 Statue Award
Tina Landau, 1988 Theater Scholarship, 1999 Statue Award
Patrick Page, 1988 Theater Fellowship
Anthony Kushner, 1987 Theater Fellowship, 1994 Statue Award
Paul Warner, 1986 Theater Apprenticeship, 1987 Statue Award
Playwriting
Kenneth Lin, 2005 Playwriting Fellowship
Jesse Kellerman, 2003 Playwriting Fellowship
Madeleine George, 2002 Playwriting Fellowship
Sheila Callaghan, 2000 Playwriting Fellowship, 2008 Works in Progress Residency
Bridget Carpenter, 1997 Playwriting Fellowship
Adam Rapp, 1999 Playwriting Fellowship, 2006 Statue Award
Kate Robin, 1995 Playwriting Fellowship, 2003 Statue Award
Dance
Jacqueline Green, 2014 Dance Fellowship
Isabella Boylston, 2009 Dance Fellowship
Jeffrey Cirio, 2009 Dance Fellowship
Joseph Walsh, 2009 Dance Fellowship
Alexander Peters, 2008 Ballet Scholarship
Blaine Hoven, 2008 Ballet Fellowship
Jermel Johnson, 2008 Ballet Fellowship
Lucien Postlewaite, 2008 Ballet Fellowship
Andrew Bartee, 2007 Dance Scholarship - Ballet
Brooklyn Mack, 2007 Dance Fellowship - Ballet
Sarah Kathryn Lane, 2007 Dance Fellowship - Ballet
Adrienne Benz, 2006 Dance Fellowship - Ballet
Drew Jacoby, 2005 Dance Fellowship, 2008 Special Project Award
John Lam, 2005 Dance Fellowship
Tiler Peck, 2004 Dance Scholarship
Christine Shevchenko, 2003 Dance Scholarship
David Hallberg, 2002 Dance Fellowship
Michele Jimenez, 2002 Dance Fellowship
Jared Angle, 2001 Dance Fellowship
Gonzalo Garcia, 2000 Dance Fellowship
Lilyan Vigo-Ellis, 2000 Dance Fellowship, 2004 Special Project Grant
Michele Wiles, 1999 Dance Fellowship
Gillian Murphy, 1998 Dance Fellowship, 2009 Statue Award
Maria Bystrova-Renko, 1998 Dance Scholarship
Alexandra Ansanelli, 1997 Dance Fellowship
Miranda Weese, 1995 Dance Fellowship
Carlos Acosta, 1995 Dance Fellowship
Maria Kowroski, 1994 Dance Scholarship, 2006 Statue Award
Dormeshia Sumbry-Edwards, 1994 Dance Fellowship, 2017 Statue Award
Derick Grant, 1993 Emerging Dance Artist
Robert Battle, 1993 Dance Scholarship, 2007 Statue Award
Jennie Renee Somogyi, 1992 Dance Scholarship, 2002 Statue Award
Riolama Lorenzo, 1992 Dance Scholarship
Ethan Stiefel, 1991 Emerging Dance Artist, 1999 Statue Award
Kristin Long, 1990 Emerging Dance Artist
Pauline Reyniack, née Golbin, 1990 Emerging Dance Artist, 1991 Statue Award
Tina LeBlanc-Jerkunica, 1988 Dance Fellowship, 1995 Statue Award
Elizabeth Walker, 1988 Dance Scholarship
Diane Madden, 1986 Dance Fellowship, 1994 Statue Award
Terese Capucilli, 1985 Dance Scholarship, 1986 Statue Award
Li Cunxin, 1986 Dance Fellowship, 1993 Statue Award
Amanda McKerrow, 1986 Dance Fellowship, 1987 Statue Award
Choreography
Olivier Wevers, 2011 Choreography Fellowship
Zoe Scofield, 2011 Choreography Fellowship
Kyle Abraham, 2010 Dance-Choreography Fellowship
Kate Weare, 2009 Choreography Fellowship
Camille A. Brown, 2006 Choreography Fellowship - Modern
Film
Chinonye Chukwu, 2009 Film Scholarship, 2019 Statue Award
Ben Steinbauer, 2006 Graduate Film Scholarship
Cary Joji Fukunaga, 2005 Graduate Film Scholarship
Ben Russell, 2002 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2010 Special Project Grant
Ham Tran, 2001 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2006 Special Project Grant
Jon M. Chu, 2001 Film Scholarship, 2011 Statue Award
David Riker, 1995 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2001 Statue Award
Ilya Chaiken, 1994 Undergraduate Film Scholarship, 2003 Statue Award
Parine Jaddo, 1993 Graduate Film Scholarship
Mark Christopher, 1992 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2005 Statue Award
Rose Bond, 1989 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2008 Statue Award
Eric Darnell, 1989 Graduate Film Scholarship
Stephen Hillenburg, 1991 Graduate Film Scholarship, 2002 Statue Award
Gregory Mottola, 1989 Graduate Film Scholarship, 1998 Statue Award
References
External links
Grace Influential on Instagram
Arts organizations based in New York City
Arts foundations based in the United States
Princess Grace Awards
Internship programs
Arts organizations established in 1982
1982 establishments in the United States
Grace Kelly
Fruzhin Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1350 m in the south part of Petvar Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It overlooks Hudman Glacier to the west and Carey Glacier to the east.
The peak is named after the Bulgarian prince and military commander Fruzhin (14-15th century).
Location
Fruzhin Peak is located at , which is 8.02 km east by south of Marze Peak, 6.04 km south-southeast of Miller Peak, 5.83 km west-southwest of Malkoch Peak and 9.5 km northwest of Mountainview Ridge. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Fruzhin Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Fruzhin Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Set Me Free is the fifth and final album by singer Jermaine Stewart. The album was withdrawn from release by Reprise Records, but many fans have copies of it. Some copies still exist on cassette format as well the album has been remastered and shared within the fan community.
Track listing
"Intro (The Riot)" - 0:46
"Set Me Free" - 4:17
"Conclusion" - 0:20
"Happiness" - 3:52
"Dippin'" - 0:17
"Special" - 4:54
"Never in a Million Years" - 3:53
"Shell Shock" - 4:58
"Don't Sit Down" - 5:39
"Friends Like You" - 5:33
"Good Times" - 5:18
"I Just Want To" - 5:53
"Ask No Questions" - 5:01
"I'm in XTC" (Speech) - 0:10
"XTC" - 3:56
"Set Me Free (Reprise)" - 4:21
"Money" - 4:52
Outtakes:
"Basement Boy" (Unreleased) - 4:17
"Lifestyle" - 5:08 (alternative take released on The Best of Jermaine Stewart and A Tribute to Jermaine Stewart, Attention.)
References
Jermaine Stewart albums
Unreleased albums
An impact attenuator, also known as a crash cushion, crash attenuator, or cowboy cushion, is a device intended to reduce the damage to structures, vehicles, and motorists resulting from a motor vehicle collision. Impact attenuators are designed to absorb the colliding vehicle's kinetic energy. They may also be designed to redirect the vehicle away from the hazard or away from roadway machinery and workers. Impact attenuators are usually placed in front of fixed structures near highways, such as gore points, crash barrier introductions, or overpass supports. Temporary versions may be used for road construction projects.
Operation
Impact attenuators are designed to absorb the colliding vehicle's kinetic energy to bring it to a stop safely. If no impact attenuator is present, a vehicle which strikes a rigid roadside object will suddenly stop. A person inside will promptly collide with the interior of the vehicle, and that person's internal organs will collide with their chest wall, causing severe internal injuries and possibly death. By safely dissipating the vehicle's kinetic energy, impact attenuators help prevent such injuries.
Impact attenuators can be categorized by the method used to dissipate kinetic energy:
Momentum transfer. Many early models used successive rows of water-filled barrels or modules. Momentum is transferred to the water, reducing the speed of the impacting vehicle.
Material deformation. Many newer attenuators use crushable materials (like various kinds of foam) that create a crumple zone, absorbing energy. Others flatten a corrugated steel guard rail section, or split a steel box beam.
Friction. Some attenuators work by forcing a steel cable or strap through an angled slot or tube, converting kinetic energy into heat.
Types
Gating
Gating impact attenuators allow vehicles impacting from the side to pass through them (akin to a gate).
Gating attenuators are more economical, but require a greater clear space surrounding them to be effective; without enough space, errant cars may pass through into another hazard, such as into lanes of opposing traffic.
Water-filled attenuators
Water-filled attenuators consist of containers filled with water to absorb impact energy. They are typically not anchored to the ground, and therefore benefit from easy deployment and relocation using barrier transfer machines and cranes. They are non-redirective, meaning they do not deflect vehicles that impact the side back into the roadway. The energy of the impacting vehicle accelerates the water in the barrels vertically and laterally consuming that energy in work done on the water. Additionally, this work is done over time which reduces the deceleration (negative acceleration) applied to the vehicle occupants. A smaller amount of energy is consumed in the work of crumpling the plastic containers. In cold climates, water-filled attenuators are either avoided, or have additives such as magnesium chloride salt added to them to prevent freezing.
Fitch barriers
A Fitch barrier consists of sand-filled plastic barrels, usually yellow-colored with a black lid. The "Fitch Highway Barrier System" was invented by race car driver John Fitch after the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans race when their co-driver, Pierre Levegh rear-ended Austin-Healey driver Lance Macklin at high speed, launching their car through the air and into the spectator's area. The car burst into flames and took the lives of Pierre and 84 spectators in one of the worst accidents in racing history. They stated they were inspired by sand-filled fuel cans which they used to protect their tent from strafing during World War II. Early prototypes were self funded and tested due to low initial support. As a proof of concept Fitch used liquor barrels filled with sand to create the necessary impact attenuation, then personally crashed reinforced vehicles into them while recording with a high speed camera to capture the rate of deceleration.
Fitch barriers are often found in a triangular arrangement at the end of a guard rail between a highway and an exit lane (the area known as the gore), along the most probable line of impact. The barriers in front contain the least sand, with each successive barrel containing more, so that when a vehicle collides with the barrels they shatter, the kinetic energy is dissipated by scattering the sand, and the vehicle decelerates smoothly instead of violently striking a solid obstruction, reducing the risk of injury to the occupants.
Fitch barriers are widely popular due to their effectiveness, low cost, and ease of setup and repair or replacement. Since first being used in the late 1960s, it is estimated that they have saved as many as 17,000 lives and approximately $400 million per year in property damage and medical expenses.
Non-gating
Non-gating impact attenuators arrest the motion of vehicles that impact head-on, whilst deflecting vehicles that impact the side of the barrier. They are anchored and more expensive, but can be used in tighter spaces.
Crash cushions
Crash cushions are constructed of multiple segments, which crumple into each other when collided with to absorb the impact. Their main benefit is in their reusability; these attenuators can automatically return to their original position after a crash.
Truck mounted attenuators
Truck mounted attenuators (TMA), similar in some ways to railcar buffers, can be deployed on vehicles that are prone to being struck from behind, such as snow plows and road construction or maintenance vehicles. Work zone regulations often specify a minimum buffer distance between the attenuator truck and the work area, and a minimum mass for the truck, to minimize the chances that the truck will be pushed forward by a crash into the workers or machinery. This is especially important in mobile work zones where the truck's parking brake may not be engaged. The truck may also be in movement (albeit slower than the vehicles that could crash into it).
In some countries, such as Sweden, road safety authorities operate dedicated TMA vehicles registered as emergency vehicles, able to be dispatched to blockages or emergencies.
Regulation
In the United States, impact attenuators are tested and classified according to AASHTO Manual for Assessing Safety Hardware (MASH), which superseded the Federal Highway Administration NCHRP Report 350. Classification is based on the maximum speed of a vehicle during a collision for which the attenuator is designed.
See also
Crumple zone
Shock absorber
Traffic barrier
SAFER barrier
References
Road safety
Road infrastructure
Sonny Rollins with the Modern Jazz Quartet (also released as Sonny & the Stars) is a 1956 compilation album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, featuring their earliest recordings for the Prestige label under their leadership, including four tracks performed by Rollins with the Modern Jazz Quartet (John Lewis, Milt Jackson, Percy Heath, and Kenny Clarke), eight tracks where Kenny Drew and Art Blakey replace Lewis, Jackson, and Clarke, and one track with Miles Davis on piano.
The first four tracks, featuring the members of the Modern Jazz Quartet, had been previously released as the 7" 45rpm EP Sonny Rollins With Modern Jazz Quartet (PREP 1337). Tracks 5–11 and 13 were featured on the Prestige 10 inch LP Sonny Rollins Quartet (1952)(PRLP 137), which is reissued in its entirety here. Track 12 was released on the 10" compilation Mambo Jazz (PRLP 135).
"I Know", featuring Miles Davis on piano, was recorded at the same session as four other tracks under Davis's name, using the same musicians, including the young Rollins. This was Davis's first recording session for Prestige Records and their first with Rollins. Producer Bob Weinstock tried to dissuade Davis from using Rollins, feeling they were not ready, but Davis persuaded Weinstock to let Rollins record a cut under their own name. The Davis tracks recorded that date were issued on the 10" LP Modern Jazz Trumpets and appeared on the album Miles Davis and Horns.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Lindsay Planer describes the album as a "fresh and vibrant baker's dozen of selections... a vital component in any jazz enthusiast's collection." Author and musician Peter Niklas Wilson called it "patchwork, but an interesting one."
Track listing
All compositions by Sonny Rollins except where indicated
"The Stopper" – 2:59
"Almost Like Being in Love" (Alan Jay Lerner, Frederick Loewe) – 3:26
"No Moe" – 3:32
"In a Sentimental Mood" (Duke Ellington, Manny Kurtz, Irving Mills) – 3:20
"Scoops" – 2:16
"With a Song in My Heart" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 3:08
"Newk's Fadeaway" – 3:15
"Time on My Hands" (Harold Adamson, Mack Gordon, Vincent Youmans) – 2:42
"This Love of Mine" (Sol Parker, Henry W. Sanicola, Jr., Frank Sinatra) – 2:26
"Shadrack" (Robert MacGimsey) – 2:35
"On a Slow Boat to China" (Frank Loesser) – 2:41
"Mambo Bounce" – 2:25
"I Know" (Miles Davis) – 2:32
Personnel
Tracks 1-4
Sonny Rollins – tenor saxophone
John Lewis – piano
Milt Jackson – vibes
Percy Heath – bass
Kenny Clarke – drums
Tracks 5-12
Sonny Rollins – tenor saxophone
Kenny Drew – piano
Percy Heath – bass
Art Blakey – drums
Track 13
Sonny Rollins – tenor saxophone
Miles Davis – piano
Percy Heath – bass
Roy Haynes – drums
References
1956 albums
Prestige Records albums
Sonny Rollins albums
Modern Jazz Quartet albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
What's It For? was an American panel quiz show that aired on the NBC television network during the fall of 1957, Saturday nights at 10 p.m. It was hosted by Hal March and sponsored by Revlon. March also hosted The $64,000 Question on CBS at the time, with Revlon as sponsor as well.
Premise
The show involved a panel which supposedly had to determine the purpose of a specific invention. Entertainment Productions' "teleshow" suffered on the ratings as it competed with Gunsmoke on CBS. What's It For? last aired until late 1957, when it was replaced in its time period by Ted Mack's The Original Amateur Hour.
Episode status
As of 2012, no episodes of the program are known to survive.
External links
1957 American television series debuts
1957 American television series endings
Black-and-white American television shows
Lost television shows
English-language television shows
1950s American game shows
NBC original programming
The 1975–76 New England Whalers season was the Whalers' fourth season of play in the World Hockey Association. The Whalers once again made the playoffs but fell short of winning the Avco Cup, falling in the semi-finals to the Houston Aeros.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
New England Whalers 3, Cleveland Crusaders 0 – Preliminary Round
New England Whalers 4, Indianapolis Racers 3 – Division Quarterfinals
Houston Aeros 4, New England Whalers 3 – Division Semifinals
Player statistics
Awards and records
Transactions
Roster
Updated June 5, 1976.
Draft picks
New England's draft picks at the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft.
Farm teams
See also
1975–76 WHA season
References
External links
New
New
New England Whalers seasons
New England
New England
Esenboğaz, Göle is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Yasin (, ) is a surname and unisex given name of Arabic origin. The name comes from a chapter (surah) of the Quran called Ya-Sin. It is an epithet of the prophet Muhammad. Variants are Yassin, Yaseni, Yassine, Yaseen, Jasin and Yacine.
People with the name include:
Mononym
Yasin (rapper) also known as Yasin Byn, Swedish hip hop artist
Given name
Yasin Abu Bakr (born Lennox Philip), leader of the Jamaat al Muslimeen, a Muslim group in Trinidad and Tobago
Yasin Anwar (born 1951), Pakistani-American banker, former Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan
Yasin Arafat (born 1987), Bangladeshi cricketer
Yasin Aslan, Turkish author
Yasin Avcı (footballer born 1983), Turkish footballer
Yasin Avcı (footballer born 1984), Turkish footballer
Yasin Aydın (born 1995), Turkish volleyball player
Yasiin Bey (born 1973), new name of hip hop artist Mos Def
Yasin Bhatkal, or Mohammed Ahmed Siddibappa, founder leader of the proscribed terrorist organisation Indian Mujahideen
Yasin Çakmak (born 1985), Turkish footballer
Yasin Dutton, Professor of Arabic in School of Languages & Literature at the University of Cape Town
Yasin Ali Egal (born 1991), Somali footballer
Yasin Ehliz (born 1992), German ice hockey player
Yasin Erdal (born 1986), Turkish-Dutch futsal player
Yasin al-Hashimi (1884–1937), Iraqi politician
Yasin Hayal (born 1980), Turkish criminal
Yasin Karaca (1983), Turkish footballer
Yasin Osman Kenadid (1919–1988), Somali intellectual, writer and linguist
Yasin Malik (born 1966), Kashmiri separatist leader, advocates the separation of Kashmir from India and Pakistan
Yasin Haji Mohamoud, Somali politician and Foreign Minister
Yasin Merchant (born 1966), Indian snooker player
Yasin Mishaui (born 1975), Bulgarian-Arab footballer
Yasin Said Numan (born 1948), Yemeni politician
Yasin Hassan Omar (born 1983), convicted criminal for their role in the attempted 21 July attacks on London's public transport system
Yasin Özdenak (born 1948), Turkish footballer
Yasin Öztekin (born 1987), Turkish-German footballer
Yasin Öztop (born 1991), Turkish footballer
Yasin Pehlivan (born 1989), Austrian footballer
Yasin Pilavcılar (born 1990), Turkish jockey
Yasin Salmani (born 2002), Iranian footballer
Yasin Sancak (born 1978), Turkish volleyball player
Yasin Haji Osman Sharmarke, Somali politician and activist
Yasin Sulaiman (born 1975), Malaysian singer
Yasin Sülün (born 1977), Turkish footballer and coach
Yasin Temel (born 1977), Turkish neurosurgeon
Yasin Wattoo, Pakistani politician and government minister
Yasin Yılmaz (born 1989), Turkish-German footballer
Surname
Abdul Rahman Yasin (born 1960), 1993 World Trade Center bomber planner
Ahmed Yusuf Yasin (born 1957), Vice-President of Somaliland, 2002−2010
Bilal Yasin (born 1970), Pakistani politician and member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab
Deqa Yasin, Somali politician and government minister
Hassan Sheheryar Yasin, aka HSY, Pakistani fashion designer and television host
Iman Khatib-Yasin (born 1964), Israeli Arab social worker and politician
Ismail Yasin (1912−1972), Egyptian actor and comedian
Khalid Yasin (born 1946), Islamic activist
Khalid Yasin [Abdul Aziz] (1940−1978), American jazz organist and pianist known as Larry Young
Lilah Yasin (born 1957), Malaysian politician
Mian Hamid Yasin, Pakistani politician, member of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Mo Yasin, Pakistani squash player
Mohammad Yasin (cricketer) (born 1992), Pakistani cricketer
Mohammad Yasin (politician) (born 1971), British politician
Nabeel Yasin (born 1950), Iraqi poet, journalist and political activist
Naved Yasin (born 1987), Pakistani cricketer
Nurmemet Yasin (c. 1977-reportedly died 2011), Uighur Chinese author
Rachmat Yasin (born 1963), or Rahmat Yasin, Indonesian politician
Rania al Yassin, Queen Rania of Jordan (born 1970), wife of King Abdullah II of Jordan
Salim Yasin (born 1937), Syrian economist and former deputy prime minister
Shadya Yasin, Somali social activist
Yazid Yasin, Singapore footballer
Yevgeny Yasin (born 1934), Russian economist and politician
Yusuf Yasin (1888−1962), Syrian-origin Saudi Arabian politician
Abdallah ibn Yasin (died 1059), theologian, founder, and first leader of the Almoravid movement and dynasty
See also
Yassin (name)
Yassine (name)
Yacine (name)
Yaşın (surname)
Taha (name)
References
Arabic-language surnames
Arabic masculine given names
Turkish-language surnames
Turkish masculine given names
Pakistani masculine given names
The Dome 86C (also known as the Toyota 86C, or alternately, the Toyota Dome 86C) was a racing prototype, designed, developed and built by Japanese manufacturer Toyota in partnership and collaboration with Japanese constructor Dome and homologated specifically to race in the FIA Group C category of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile. It was powered by a turbocharged 4T-GTE four-cylinder engine, developing between , depending on boost pressure. It didn't win any races, with its best result being 4th-place finish at Fuji in 1986.
References
Group C cars
86C
Manfredi Lefebvre d'Ovidio (born 30 April 1953) is an Italian-born Monegasque billionaire business person.  They are the chairperson and former owner of Silversea Cruises, a company founded by their father. In June 2018, they sold two-thirds of the company to Royal Caribbean for US$1 billion, retaining a one-third stake in the company. As of August 2022, their net worth was estimated at US$1.3 billion.
Biography
Lefebvre d'Ovidio grew up in Rome, one of three children born into an Italian family. The son of Antonio Lefebvre d'Ovidio, legal professor and Italian jurist, and Eugenia Beck, of a German family, they were involved in a variety of family businesses from an early age and today is chairperson of luxury cruise line, Silversea Cruises.
They attended law school at Sapienza University of Rome but did not complete their studies.
Career
Their father's background in maritime law, among other industrial interests, led to the family's involvement in shipping and ultimately, in the cruise industry. In 1988 they purchased control of Sitmar Cruises from the Vlasov family and in 1989, merged it with P&O's Princess Cruises unit. Silversea Cruises was founded in 1994 by their father with two ships purpose-built for the line, the Silver Cloud and the Silver Wind. Lefebvre d'Ovidio led Silversea through their board position before being named Chairman in 2001. By that time, it added two more vessels (Silver Whisper and Silver Shadow) making it a four ship fleet.
As of 2017 Silversea operates nine vessels on worldwide itineraries that call in all seven continents. It has been recognized as one of the World's best with multiple awards from Condé Nast Traveler and Travel + Leisure magazines as well as other travel publications and organizations.
They were the sole owner of Silversea, until June 2018, when Royal Caribbean agreed to pay about US$1 billion for a two-thirds stake in the company. In August 2018, Bloomberg assessed Lefebvre d'Ovidio as a billionaire.
On June 20, 2022, it was announced that Lefebvre d'Ovidio had bought the bankrupt Crystal Cruises brand and its two ocean vessels, Crystal Serenity and Crystal Symphony. Plans call for putting the ships back into service in 2023.
Personal life
They reside in Monte Carlo, Monaco, where Silversea is headquartered.  They are divorced, with one daughter, Costanza.
Cruise industry advocacy
Lefebvre d'Ovidio was a key driver of the unification of the European cruise industry as chairperson of the European Cruise Council (ECC) since 2010.
They led the merger of that association with the Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) of which they have served on the board of directors until 2013. They remain on the board of CLIA Global and serves as chairperson of CLIA Europe.  They are also active in promoting international tourism efforts as the vice chairperson of the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC), in charge for Europe and a member of the World Economic Forum (WEF).
Crystal Ships could belong to him.
References
Italian businesspeople
1953 births
Living people
Monegasque billionaires
Manfredi
Italian billionaires
Italian emigrants to Monaco
Planet Radio is a community radio station based in Brisbane, Australia dedicated to promoting environmental issues and independent music. It narrowcasts on 88 FM to many locations in Brisbane, though some of its programmes are podcast to reach a wider audience via the Internet. Its web site claims Planet Radio is the "world's first environmental radio service".
Programmes
Some of the weekly programmes on Planet Radio include:
A Climate Affair - critical discussion of current environmental and societal issues
Acoustic Harvest - acoustic music programme
Agreeable Distortion - "cutting edge" indie music
The Peanut Gallery - a "twisted and obtuse" comedy show
External links
Official web site
Radio stations in Brisbane
Community radio stations in Australia
The election of Members of Parliament (MPs) to the 6th Parliament of the Fourth Republic was held on 7 and 8 December 2012. The Speaker is not an elected member of parliament though he/she is qualified to stand for election as such. There are a total of 275 constituencies in Ghana. 45 new constituencies were created prior to the 2012 election. The 6th Parliament shall have its first sitting on Monday 7 January 2013 at "five minutes past twelve midnight" (12:05 GMT) to elect a Speaker and Deputy Speakers as well as for the administration of Oaths to the Speaker and Members of Parliament.
Current composition
Results from 275 constituencies are shown in the table below.
Current composition due to by-elections. The last by-election was the Talensi by-election which was conducted on 7 July 2015.
List of MPs elected in the general election
The following table is a list of MPs elected on 7 and 8 December 2012, ordered by region and constituency. The previous MP and previous party column shows the MP and party holding the seat prior to the election.
Changes
Henry Ford Kamel, MP for Buem and Minister for the Volta Region in the Mahama NDC government died suddenly on 25 December 2012 at Jasikan.
Joseph Boakye Danquah Adu, the NPP MP for Abuakwa North constituency, was murdered at their home on 9 February 2016.
By-elections
Akatsi South constituency - 5 February 2013 - Edward Adjaho of the NDC became the Speaker of Parliament on 7 January 2013 triggering a by-election. Bernard Ahiafor of the NDC won by a majority of 3,767 votes (18.2%) to become the new MP.
Buem - 26 February 2013 - Due to the death of Henry Ford Kamel of the NDC, a by-election was scheduled for late February 2013. This was won by Daniel Kosi Ashiaman of the NDC with a majority of 8,640 (78%) votes.
Kumbungu - 30 April 2013 - Due to Alhaji Mohammed Mumuni vacating their seat to take up the position of Secretary-General of African, Caribbean and Pacific States, a by-election was held to elect their replacement. The seat was contested by the NDC, CPP and PPP. Amadu Moses Yahaya of the CPP, won with over 2,000 votes from their nearest competitor, Imoro Yakubu Kakpagu of the NDC. This becomes the first seat won by the CPP in the current parliament.
Talensi - 7 July 2015 - Following Robert Nachinab Doameng (NPP) becoming the Paramount Chief of Tongo, a by-election was held resulting in Benson Tongo Baba of the NDC being elected MP for Talensi with a margin of 3521.
Amenfi West - 15 December 2015 - A by-election was held to replace the late John Gyetuah of the NDC who died after a protracted illness. Eric Afful also of the NDC, won the seat with 52.64% of the vote. The closest in the election was Paul Dekyi of the NPP who had 43.54% of the total votes cast.
Abuakwa North - 29 March 2016 - Following the death of J B Danquah Adu of the NPP, a by-election was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Ghana at the end of March 2016. The election on 29 March 2016 was worn by Gifty Twum Ampofo of the NPP, who won 89.6% of the total votes cast. The NDC did not take part in this election out of respect to J B Danquah Adu. Isaac Quartey of the United Front Party won 8.05% of the votes and Samuel Frimpong of the Ghana Freedom Party won 2.35% of the votes.
Notes and references
See also
2012 Ghanaian parliamentary election
Parliament of Ghana
Edward Adjaho - Speaker of the 6th parliament of the 4th Republic.
External links and sources
2012 parliamentary election results on MyJoyOnline
2012 parliamentary election results on Ghana Home Page
2012
Sir Robert Gray Cornish Mowbray, 2nd Baronet, DL (21 May 1850 – 23 July 1916), was a British Conservative politician.
Early life
Mowbray was the eldest son of the Father of the House of Commons, Sir John Mowbray, 1st Baronet, and their wife Elizabeth Grey (née Mowbray). Among their siblings were their younger brothers, Reginald Ambrose Mowbray, later the 3rd Baronet, and the Reverend Edmund George Lionel Mowbray, later the 4th Baronet.
Their paternal grandparents were Robert Stirling Cornish and the former Marianne Powning. Their mother was the daughter, and sole heir, of George Isaac Mowbray of Bishopwearmouth and the former Elizabeth Gray.
They were educated at Eton College before graduating from Balliol College, Oxford with a Master of Arts.
Career
They were elected to Parliament for Prestwich at the 1886 general election, and held the seat until their defeat at the 1895 general election. From 1887 til 1892 they were Parliamentary Private Secretary to George Goschen, Chancellor of the Exchequer. They returned to the House of Commons at an unopposed by-election in March 1900 for the Brixton constituency, and held that seat until they stood down at the 1906 general election. They lived at 'Warennes Wood' at Stratfield Mortimer in Berkshire and was appointed a deputy lieutenant of that county in 1900.
They were a member of the Royal Commission on Opium in India from 1893 to 1895, and a member of the Royal Commission on Indian Expenditure in 1896.
Personal life
Mowbray died, unmarried, in July 1916, aged 66.
References
External links
Leigh Rayment's baronetage page
Mowbray, Sir Robert Gray Cornish (1850–1916) 2nd Baronet, barrister and politician at The National Archives
1850 births
1916 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Deputy Lieutenants of Berkshire
UK MPs 1886–1892
UK MPs 1892–1895
UK MPs 1900–1906
People from West Berkshire District
Presidents of the Oxford Union
Ulla-Britt Söderlund (August 12, 1943 – July 21, 1985) was a Swedish costume designer who designed the costumes for some twenty films in Sweden, Denmark, and England. In 1976, they won an Oscar for the costumes of Stanley Kubrick's film Barry Lyndon along with Milena Canonero.
Career
The first films in which Soderlund had the main responsibility for the costumes were for a Danish-Swedish co-production. They worked with director Henning Carlsen in the film adaptation of Hamsun's novel Sult (Hunger) in 1966 and in the film People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart in 1967.
Subsequently, they collaborated with many renowned directors, including Gabriel Axel, Mai Zetterling (Doctor Glas), Jan Troell (The Emigrants), Hans Alfredson, and Stanley Kubrick. The creation of 1700-styled costumes in Kubrick's Barry Lyndon earned them an Academy Award and a nomination for an English BAFTA Award.
In the late 1970s, Söderlund worked on the Danish acclaimed television series Matador and, in 1983, they made costumes for Hans Alfredson's film The Simple-Minded Murder.
Awards
References
External links
1943 births
1985 deaths
Swedish costume designers
People from Växjö
Best Costume Design Academy Award winners
There are two basic positions of the arms in ballet. In one, the dancer keeps the fingers of both arms fully touching to form an oval shape, either almost touching the hips, or at navel level, or raised above the dancer's head. In the other, the arms are extended to the sides with the elbows slightly bent. These positions may be combined to give other positions.
Names differ according to the school/method followed, such as Vaganova, French, Royal Academy of Dance (RAD), Cecchetti, etc. of the arms; the corresponding allongés positions are obtained by stretching the elbows and rotating the palms of the hands downwards.
Vaganova or Russian school:
Bras bas or preparatory position: both arms are down and rounded with both hands just in front of the hips, fingers almost touching.
First position: maintaining the curved shape, arms are brought up so that the tips of the fingers are in line with the navel or no higher than the sternum.
Second position: arms are out to the sides, angled down and forward, with palms facing forward. Elbows are slightly lower than the shoulders, and wrists are level with the elbow.
Third position: arms are curved as in the first position and raised just above and slightly forward of the head.
Fifth position: arms are extended above your head, slightly frontwards, as arms maintain a gently curved line. Shoulders must be kept down.
Combinations of the basic arm positions are called:
Petite pose: one arm is in the second position, the other is in the first position.
Grande pose: one arm is in the second position, the other is in the third position.
These are used mainly in the center.
French school and Royal Academy of Dance:
Bras bas or bras au repos: both arms are rounded with the fingers almost touching, both hands just in front of the hips.
First position: maintaining this curved shape, arms are brought up so that the tips of the fingers are in line with the navel.
Second position: arms are out to the sides, angled down and forward, with palms facing forward. Elbows are slightly lower than the shoulders, and wrists are slightly lower than the elbow.
Third position: one arm is in the second position, the other is in the first position.
Fourth crossed position: one arm is in the first position, the other is rounded and raised above the head.
Fourth ordinary position: one arm is in the second position, the other is rounded and raised above the head.
Fifth position or bras en couronne: both arms are rounded and held above and slightly forward of the head.
Cecchetti method:
First position: both arms are slightly rounded with the fingers slightly away from the dancer's thighs (as if grazing above the tutu).
Second position: arms are out to the sides with an angle down and forward, palms facing forward. The elbow is slightly lower than the shoulder, and the wrist is slightly lower than the elbow. A position intermediate between the first and the second position is called demi-seconde.
Third position: one arm is in the first position, the other is in demi-seconde.
Fourth position: there are two fourth positions; fourth en avant (in front): one arm is in second position, the other is in fifth en avant; fourth en haut (high): one arm is in second position, the other is in fifth position en haut.
Fifth position: whenever the arms are rounded to form an oval, they are in fifth position. There is a fifth position en bas (down); en avant (forward - Russian and French first position); and en haut (high - Russian third position).
See also
Positions of the feet in ballet
Ballet, arms
Ballet technique
Human positions
The Hartman Stock Farm Historic District was a historic district in Columbus, Ohio. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places from 1974 to 2022.
The district is the site of Hartman Farm, a 5,000-acre farm founded by Samuel B. Hartman in 1903. Hartman was known for their Peruna manufacturing business in downtown Columbus, but later began to acquire land for the farm. The Hartman Farm began with 2,400 acres, though Hartman increased its size to spanning four miles down South High St., with frontage along the Scioto River. After the farm's demise, many of its buildings were demolished, and the farm was reduced to about 2,200 acres. Today, the only remaining buildings include the supervisor's house, one of the dairy barns, a one-room schoolhouse, and another home.
In 2021, Google proposed building a large data center on the site. Columbus City Council approved a zoning change and a $54 million tax abatement for the development, despite protests from local residents and the Columbus Landmarks Foundation. The site was removed from the National Register in 2022.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
Save Historic Hartman Farm
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
1974 establishments in Ohio
Historic districts in Columbus, Ohio
Endangered buildings in Columbus, Ohio
Former National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
High Street (Columbus, Ohio)
The International Cooperative Program for Innovative Talents (ICPIT) mechanism is the top-level international educational exchange program for higher education of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China. The ICPIT program is administered by the China Scholarship Council.
Scope
The ICPIT program was established in 2014 with the objective of supporting China's objectives of technology development and of building top-tier interdisciplinary educational programs. Training in innovation is a special focus. The program supports China's aim of developing select universities and disciplines through the Double First Class University Plan. The strategy calls for collaboration with "world class" academic institutions, research laboratories, and research institutions beyond China.
Selection
ICPIT proposals involve collaboration between a Chinese university and foreign entity, and are limited to one proposal per Chinese university. Double First Class universities are permitted a total of three applications per year. In 2018, the Chinese Ministry of Education funded a total of 29 ICPIT programs.
References
External links
Official Site
Education in China
Higher education in China
Academic awards in China
Verax may refer to:
People
Verax, self-assigned code name of Edward Snowden (born 1983)
Verax, pseudonym of Henry Dunckley (1823–1896)
Theodorus Verax, pseudonym of Clement Walker (died 1651)
Science
Bucculatrix Verax, a leaf miner
Marasmarcha verax, a moth
Other
, an Italian cargo ship in service 1951–60
"Rector Potens, Verax Deus", a hymn
Verax (film), a 2013 short film about Edward Snowden
Enchelidiidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Enoplida.
Genera
The following genera are recognised in the family Enchelidiidae:
Abelbolla
Aronema
Bathyeurystomina
Belbolla
Bernardius
Calyptronema
Ditlevsenella
Eurystomina
Illium
Ledovitia
Lyranema
Megeurystomina
Pareurystomina
Polygastrophoides
Polygastrophora
Symplocostoma
Symplocostomella
Thoonchus
References
Nematodes
The Harscamp villa is a municipal monument on the Ringlaan in the Dutch town of Baarn in de province Utrecht. The villa is in the Wilhelminapark, a villa neighborhood which is part of a Rijksmonument.
The house was built in 1912 by shipping magnate L.P.D. Op ten Noort, co-founder of the Koninklijke Paketvaart Maatschappij. The slate-covered roof has a lantern on top, with a sailing vessel for a weather vane. The building's stained glass windows have sailing as a common motif.
The symmetric front facade has a central porch with a curved roof. It had structures added on either side; a loggia on the right, and a sunroom on the left. Behind the building was a geometric garden.
Since 1938 the Harscamp is owned by the Salvation Army; for a long time it was in use as a children's home. In 2000, the building was renovated to become a home for unhoused people. A report from the town of Baarn from 2015 noted that the building had served drug addicts but had recently been closed; preparations were underway to make it an assisted living facility.
References
External links
Baarn, geschiedenis en architectuur, Fred Gaasbeek, Jan van 't Hof en Maarten Koenders, Zeist 1994
Photograph of the front, 1915-1920, from Utrecht Archives
Photograph of garden and back of house
Villas in the Netherlands
The 2015 Honda Indy Toronto was an open-wheel motorsport event held at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada over June 12–14, 2015. The event marked the 29th annual edition of the Toronto Indy, and the tenth round of the 2015 IndyCar Series season. The headline race on the Sunday was the 31st IndyCar race to be held at the street circuit.
Josef Newgarden led home teammate Luca Filippi for a CFH Racing 1–2 finish, with the podium completed by Team Penske driver Hélio Castroneves. Championship leader Juan Pablo Montoya finished seventh, but their championship lead was reduced to twenty-seven by their Penske teammate Will Power, who finished fourth.
Race background
Due to Toronto hosting the 2015 Pan American and Parapan American Games, the race – held traditionally in mid-July – was moved to June to avoid conflicting with the games. Exhibition Place was unavailable in July and August as it will be converted into Pan Am Park, in order to host various games events including beach volleyball, gymnastics and cycling.
Honda Indy Toronto organizers had begun discussions with Canadian Tire Motorsport Park about moving the IndyCar race to its permanent motorsports facility located north of Bowmanville, Ontario for one year in the event that a replacement date at Exhibition Place could not be found. It would have been the first IndyCar race to have been held at the venue formerly known as Mosport since the 1978 Molson Diamond Indy, won by Danny Ongais.
An agreement was eventually made to host the race in June following the cancellation of the Grand Prix of Houston, with the Toronto Indy set to return to July for 2016.
The weekend also included races for Indy Lights, the Pro Mazda Championship, the U.S. F2000 National Championship, SPEED Energy Formula Off-Road Super Trucks, IMSA GT3 Cup Challenge Canada and the Canadian Touring Car Championship.
Report
Free practice
Two practice sessions were held on Friday June 12, with Juan Pablo Montoya posting the fastest time in both practice sessions. An additional practice session was held the next morning with Hélio Castroneves posting the best time.
Qualifying
23 cars entered for qualifications for the race. The format was for "shootout" qualification rounds later on Saturday afternoon to determine pole position and the starting positions for the rest of the field. Will Power secured the pole position with teammates Simon Pagenaud and Montoya landing the second and third positions for Team Penske, with Scott Dixon taking fourth position, completing the second row for Chip Ganassi Racing.
Race summary
At the start of the race, the track was still wet from a large thunderstorm which had moved through the area just before the start. As a result, all the cars started out on wet tires. Pole driver Will Power held the lead for the first 30 laps, with Simon Pagenaud trying to overtake them several times, until they pitted under the first of the race's two full course cautions, which came out due to James Jakes having minor contact and stalling at Turn 5. As Power pitted, the lead passed on to Penske teammate Hélio Castroneves. Castroneves held the lead until the second full course caution, when debris from Stefano Coletti's car was left on circuit at Turn 8. Josef Newgarden took the lead before it passed to CFH Racing teammate Luca Filippi on lap 58, before Tony Kanaan took the lead on lap 60. Three laps later, Castroneves re-took the lead which they held for four laps. After pitting, the lead fell to rookie Rodolfo González who held the lead for five laps as Newgarden and Filippi battled for second position. Gonzalez was ultimately forced to pit for fuel which handed the lead back to Newgarden. Newgarden held the lead until the checkered flag, to take their second victory of 2015. Filippi followed them home in second, to record CFH Racing's first 1–2 finish, with Castroneves taking third for Team Penske.
Race results
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' standings
Manufacturer standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included.
Media
Television
The race was broadcast live by NBCSN in the United States and by Sportsnet on City and Sportsnet One in Canada. The event was also televised internationally by ESPN's ESPN Player across Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Radio
The race was broadcast on radio by the IndyCar Radio Network and simulcast on Sirius / XM satellite radio and IndyCar.com.
Support race results
References
External links
IndyCar Toronto event page
IndyCar Radio 2015 Toronto Race Broadcast
Honda Indy Toronto
Honda Indy Toronto
Honda Indy Toronto
Honda Indy Toronto
Indy Toronto
Batrachedra mictopsamma is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in India.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
David R. "Fergie" Ferguson (born July 2, 1962, in Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee) is an American recording engineer.
Career
Ferguson's career began in the mid-1980s engineering country music recordings for "Cowboy" Jack Clement, at Clement's Cowboy Arms Hotel and Recording Spa, in Nashville, Tennessee. Today, Ferguson is best known for their works with Johnny Cash, as sound engineer on the highly successful Grammy Award-winning American Recordings albums produced by Rick Rubin, in the 1990s and 2000s (decade). Ferguson has also engineered or produced recordings for such artists as folk music legend John Prine, bluegrass music artist Mac Wiseman, Sturgill Simpson, Tyler Childers, The Del McCoury Band, country music legends Charley Pride, Eddy Arnold, rock-n-roll band U2, and many others. Ferguson appeared as themselves in the U2 film, Rattle and Hum, and portrayed their mentor and once real-life boss, Jack Clement in the Jerry Lee Lewis film, Great Balls of Fire!. Ferguson maintains a recording studio in Nashville, and resides in nearby Goodlettsville, Tennessee, near their boyhood home.
In 2012, they went on tour with Swedish singer-songwriter Anna Ternheim for whom they recorded their album The Night Visitor.
In April 2020 a collaborative album between John Anderson, Dan Auerbach, and David Ferguson is scheduled for release.
In 2021, Ferguson recorded "The Housebuilding Song" for Rockstar Games' album The Music of Red Dead Redemption 2: The Housebuilding EP, a collection of tracks from the game Red Dead Redemption 2.
References
Further reading
Sound on Sound Magazine interview June, 2010
1962 births
American audio engineers
Living people
People from Nashville, Tennessee
People from Goodlettsville, Tennessee
Poecilasthena scoliota is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Western Australia.
References
Moths described in 1891
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Thomas Joseph McGinty (aka T.J. McGinty and Thomas "Blackjack" McGinty) was an early Cleveland mobster, one of the city's largest bootleggers during the Prohibition, as well as a longtime boxing promoter.
A former professional boxer, McGinty was hired as muscle for The Plain Dealer's circulation department and, by 1913, headed a gang of labor sluggers competing against rival Cleveland News sluggers the Mayfield Road Mob under Arthur McBride during Cleveland's "Circulation Wars".
McGinty operated McGinty's Saloon on West 25th Street with two relatives, McGinty was indicted by a federal grand jury in 1924 on charges of operating a "gigantic wholesale and retail conspiracy". Although initially in hiding, McGinty turned themselves in after several days and, pleading not guilty, they were convicted and sentenced to 18 months imprisonment. After their release from Atlanta Federal Penitentiary, they soon resumed their bootlegging activities without further interference from authorities (who may have been paid off by McGinty). U.S. Attorney A.E. Bernstein stated McGinty was the "King of the Ohio Bootleggers." During the 1930s and 1940s, McGinty operated gaming halls on West 25th Street and the Mounds Club in Lake County.
McGinty was a member of the Cleveland Syndicate, which included Jewish gangsters Moe Dalitz, Maurice Kleinman, Louis Rothkopf, Sam Tucker and Charles Polizzi, the adopted brother of Alfred Polizzi, head of the Italian Mayfield Road Mob. The Syndicate's gaming operations were located in Youngstown, Ohio, Covington, Kentucky, Newport, Kentucky and as far away as Florida. McGinty and other members of the Syndicate were stockholders of the Las Vegas casino Desert Inn during the 1950s . They were also involved in Meyer Lansky's Hotel Nacional in Havana, Cuba .
McGinty held an interest in numerous race tracks, including Maple Heights, Fair Grounds Race Course, Thistledown Racecourse, Fairmount Park Racetrack, Aurora Downs, and the Agua Caliente Racetrack. McGinty testified before the Kefauver Committee about the Cleveland Syndicate and organized crime.
Further reading
Reid, Ed and Demaris, Ovid. The Green Felt Jungle. Montreal: Pocket Books, 1964.
References
Fox, Stephen. Blood and Power: Organized Crime in Twentieth-Century America. New York: William Morrow and Company, 1989.
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
American gangsters of Irish descent
American gangsters
Gangsters from Cleveland
Graphium stratiotes is a butterfly found in Borneo that belongs to the swallowtail family.
Subspecies
G. s. stratiotes
G. s. sukirmani
References
External links
External images of holotype
stratiotes
Butterflies described in 1887
Butterflies of Borneo
Taxa named by Henley Grose-Smith
The Tuloma (, , and ) is a river in Murmansk Oblast in Russia. With a drainage basin of and an average discharge at 255 m³/s, the Tuloma is one of the biggest rivers in northern Fennoscandia.
The river has its sources in the Saariselkä mountains in the eastern parts of the Lapland region in Finland. The Tuloma itself is formed by the confluence of the rivers Lotta and Nota rivers in the Verkhnetulomskoye Reservoir (formerly Lake Notozero). Its outflow is in the Kola Bay, at the confluence with the river Kola and south of Murmansk in the Kola Peninsula in Russia.
Hydro Power development
There are two hydroelectric power stations on the Tuloma. The Lower Tuloma was finished in 1938, and is located at the town of Murmashi, close to the rivers outflow into the Kola Bay. The dam raised the river by , and the resulting reservoir was long.
The second and largest power plant, the Upper Tuloma, was built in the 1960s at Verkhnetulomsky, 60 kilometres further upriver. A high dam was constructed below the outflow from Lake Notozero, forming the large Verkhnetulomskoye Reservoir long and up to wide.
Fishing
The Tuloma used to be a great salmon river, on a par with the famous Tana River in Norway in productivity, with annual catches in excess of 100 tons. At Padun Falls at the outflow from Lake Notozero the Skolt Sami had rights to catch salmon in a large weir, and every year tens of tons of salmon was caught at this site alone.
When hydro power plants were built the salmon spawning grounds and migration routes were destroyed. At the first power plant, the Lower Tuloma, a fish ladder was built. Within a few years salmon catches soon approached their former levels. When the Upper Tuloma plant and a dam at Verkhnetulomskiy were built the salmon stock collapsed. Lake Notozero became part of the large Verkhnetulomskoye reservoir, and the Padun Falls was gone. A fish lift was built at the dam, but it did not work and was closed down after a short time. There remains, however, a small salmon stock in the Toluma, spawning in the tributaries below the dam, especially in the Pecha. (tuulomajoki.fi)
There is a project under way to ascertain whether it is possible to reestablish the salmon to the river, by allowing the fish to pass the dams and thus reaching spawning grounds in the tributaries above the reservoirs, which are still in their natural state. It is hoped that this will bring substantial benefits to the region, through recreational fishing and eco-tourism. (Tuloma River Project)
References
External links
Rivers of Murmansk Oblast
Stary Łuszczewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Błonie, west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Alejandro Núñez Allauca (born April 18, 1943) is a Peruvian composer and accordionist who performed outside of their native country.
Biography
They were born in Moquegua, Peru on April 18, 1943, and first performed on the radio in Cerro de Pasco as a soloist on accordion at the age of nine. In 1955, they moved to Lima, where they studied music theory under the organist Manuel Cabrera Guerra. They studied cello in the National Conservatory of Music and at the Instituto Torcuato di Tella in Buenos Aires with Francisco Kröpfl, Gabriel Brncic and Gerardo Gandini. Between 1972 and 1973, they were a concert accordionist in the U.S. Since 1987, they have lived in Milan, Italy, and may be better known in Europe than in their own country. Their 1995 piece, Sonrisa de Jesus, was performed at a Christmas concert in the Vatican.
Their style was initially tonal, then moved toward pointillistic atonalism. Later, their work began to include ornamentation in a neo-Baroque style. Their works exhibit a personal nationalism, incorporating elements of traditional Andean music as well as echoes of neo-Romanticism.
Works
Suite Koribeni for orchestra.
Fisuras for two flutes.
Salmo 100 for chorus.
Trío para vientos (flute, oboe, bassoon).
Salmo 100 for 8 soloists.
Gravitación humana for magnetic tape.
String quartet.
El alba for chorus (1965).
Diferenciales I y II for piano (1967).
Variables for 6 and magnetic tape (1967).
Cuarteto de cuerda nº 1 (1970).
Concierto para orquesta (1970).
Moto ornamentale e perpetuo for piano (1970).
Sinfonía ornamental (1972).
Ornamenti per 3 flauti e pianoforto Op. 3 (1973-7).
Invention I, II, III and IV for orchestra (1978).
Ornamentos for piano (1979).
Movimiento ornamental for guitar (1980).
Concierto ornamental for orchestra (1981).
Cuarteto peruano (1981).
Huatyacuri, ballet (1982)
Cantata Bolívar for soloists, choir, and orchestra (1983)
Rapsodia y Serenata for harp (1988)
Aleluya del Alba for tenor, mixed chorus, and orchestra (1989)
Wiesbaden Konzert for piano and orchestra
Sonrisa de Jesús
El Hijo del Sol (1997)
Flor de Nieve for two singers and orchestra (1997)
Missa Andina for soloists, choir, organ and orchestra (1997–98)
Omaggio a Piazzolla (Milano, V - 1998)
Canción del alma (1999, orchestrated 2003)
La montaña de Luz for three singers and orchestra (1998)
Koribeni for solo guitar
References
UNESCO Knowledge Portal
Alejandro Núñez Allauca to present Concert to Machu Picchu in Lima, Andina website.
Alejandro Núñez Allauca Coro Hispano Americano website (Spanish)
Alejandro Nunez Allauca Klassic-Heute website (German)
Peruvian composers
Peruvian male composers
20th-century classical composers
1943 births
Living people
Male classical composers
20th-century male musicians
Orbitestellidae are a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the infraclassis Lower Heterobranchia.
Genera
Genera within the family Orbitestellidae include:
Boschitestella Moolenbeek, 1994
Lurifax Warén & Bouchet, 2001
Microdiscula Thiele, 1912
Orbitestella Iredale, 1917
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
ZipCodeZoo
Gastropod families
Diplomatic service is the body of diplomats and foreign policy officers maintained by the government of a country to communicate with the governments of other countries. Diplomatic personnel obtains diplomatic immunity when they are accredited to other countries. Diplomatic services are often part of the larger civil service and sometimes a constituent part of the foreign ministry.
Some intergovernmental organizations, such as the European Union, and some international non-state organizations, such as the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, may also retain diplomatic services in other jurisdictions. For non-state organizations, the reciprocation of diplomatic recognition by other jurisdictions is difficult, as diplomacy tends to establish the concept of recognition upon an assumed sovereignty over geographical territory; the SMOM, in this case, receives diplomats at its headquarters in Rome, as all permanent missions to the SMOM are jointly accredited as permanent missions to the Holy See. In relation, many more non-state international organizations, such as the IFRC/ICRC, maintain permanent non-voting observer status to intergovernmental bodies such as the United Nations General Assembly, appointing individual representatives to the observer office.
List of diplomatic services
European External Action Service (European Union)
Indian Foreign Service
Foreign Service of Pakistan
Sri Lanka Overseas Service
Their Majesty's Diplomatic Service (United Kingdom)
United States Foreign Service
Latvian diplomatic service
Estonian diplomatic service
Vatican Diplomatic Corps
See also
Dual accreditation
Further reading
Rana K.,(2004) "The 21st Century Ambassador: Plenipotentiary to Chief Executive"
Rana K.,(2002) "Bilateral Diplomacy", DiploProjects, Mediterranean Academy of Diplomatic Studies, Malta
Diplomacy
The Battle of Tenedos of 86 BC was a naval battle between the forces of Mithridates VI of Pontus and those of the Roman Republic. The Roman-allied fleet was led by Lucius Licinius Lucullus while the Pontic fleet was led by Neoptolemus. The Roman-allied fleet was victorious and ended Pontic naval supremacy in the Aegean and allowed the Romans to start transporting their army into Asia-Minor. The battle of Tenedos of 86 BC is part of the First Mithridatic War. There is another battle of Tenedos in 73 BC during the Third Mithridatic War.
After winning two naval engagements Lucullus finally found the main Pontic fleet near the Island of Tenedos. Lucullus themselves was on a ship commanded by an experienced Rhodian sailer, one Damagoras, who sailed their ship directly toward Mithridates' commander Neoptolemus. The Pontic admiral sought to ram Lucullus' ship in a head-on-attack. Damagoras skillfully avoided the attack, and Lucullus was able to orchestrate a victory over the Pontic fleet. After the battle Mithridates' naval forces all over the Aegean were in full retreat.
Notes
1.Since the Romans did not have a fleet at the beginning of the war they borrowed ships and crews of their allies. In this case Lucullus had collected Greek, Cretan, Cyrene, Egyptyian and Rhodian naval contingents.
References
Mithridatic Wars
Battles involving the Roman Republic
86 BC
Battles involving Pontus
Ivan Mikhailovich Grevs (; 4 May 1860 – 16 May 1941) was a Russian historian and one of the founders of the Russian school of medievalism that emphasised the influence of the Roman Empire on the social structure of medieval Europe. They were an advocate of the education of women.
They were born into a landholding family who originally came from England during the time of Peter the Great. The surname had been Greaves. They were born on their father's estate near Lutovinov, Biryusinsky district, Voronezh.
In 1873, they moved to Saint Petersburg, where they died in 1941.  They are buried at Volkovskoe Lutheran Cemetery.
Selected publications
Essays on the History of Roman Landholding (1899)
Essays on Florentine Culture (1903)
Tacitus (1946)
References
External links
Grevs Ivan Mikhailovich, photo, biography
Grevs, I. M. 1860-1941 (Ivan MikhaiÌlovich) [WorldCat Identities]
Russian medievalists
1860 births
1941 deaths
Place of birth missing
Russian people of English descent
Drumsing is a duo of musicians featuring Andrew Edge and Josef 'Judy' Klausner. The duo perform with percussion and vocals, and no other musical instruments. Drumsing was formed in Linz, Austria, in 2008. It took two years to write songs and record their first CD, which was released in Austria, in 2011.
Background
Edge is a musician from Leeds, England. After playing in local bands, they moved to London in the late 1970s, and joined the Thompson Twins. After one year Edge left the group and joined Uropa Lula (with singer David Lloyd), who released three singles (on Arista Records) and later supported Big Country on a tour of Britain. Edge then joined Savage Progress, who supported the Thompson Twins on a tour of Britain in 1984, and in the same year embarked on a tour of Germany, Switzerland and Austria, to support their album and single releases there.
Edge moved to Linz, Austria in the late 1980s, forming the band YOYO; signing a record contract with EMI records in Vienna. Edge later worked with Robert Ponger, who was the former producer of Falco. Edge's collaboration with Ponger lasted three years, although Edge only used two songs (from 12 demo songs) for their solo CD on BMG records (Austria) called Northern Sky (1996).
Klausner was born in Linz, Austria, and in 1987 took classes in African and Brazilian music at the ISP (International School of Percussion) in Munich, Germany. They later studied under Nippy Noya, from Amsterdam, and Karl Potter (USA), and participated in a masterclass with Billy Cobham, in Germany. In 1990, they travelled for the first time to Havana, Cuba, and attended the Ignacio Cervantes music school. In 1994, they played a concert in the Netherlands with Dutch percussionist Martin Verdonk, and Armando Peraza (from Carlos Santana's Band). Klausner also works with flamenco guitarist Stefan Brixel, playing concerts across Europe. They also work with their own formations, known as Judy Klausner & Friends, as well as holding regular percussion workshops.
Formation
Edge first met Austrian-born Klausner when they moved to Austria in the late 1980s. They worked sporadically together in various formats, until deciding to record a CD that would feature purely percussion instruments and vocals. Klausner then recorded various South American rhythms at the CCP studio in Linz, with Claus Prellinger as engineer.
Edge later composed songs over the basic tracks, but all the melodies had to follow the tuning of the congas and percussion.
Notes
External links
"Live auf Samstag", Austrian TV.
Edge, Angels in the Orchestra
Austrian musical duos
Pop music duos
Male musical duos
Musical groups established in 2008
David Cairns may refer to:
Sir David Arnold Scott Cairns (1902–1987), Lord Justice of Appeal
David Cairns (politician) (1966–2011), British politician
David Cairns (rugby league) (born 1959), rugby league footballer
David Cairns (writer) (born 1926), music critic and writer
David Cairns, 5th Earl Cairns (1909–1989), Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household
David Cairns (musician) (born 1958), songwriter
Davie Cairns (born 1951), Scottish footballer
See also
Cairns (disambiguation)
The 2014–15 Scottish Junior Cup was the 129th season of the Scottish Junior Cup, the national knockout tournament for member clubs of the Scottish Junior Football Association. The competition was partnered by the charity Dyslexia Scotland and is known as The Dyslexia Scotland Junior Cup. The winner of this competition entered the following season's Scottish Cup at the first round stage.
A total of 161 clubs entered the competition, one more than the previous season. Dropping out were Coupar Angus, Fochabers and Steelend Victoria, who were in abeyance. New members Aberdeen University, Grantown and Spey Valley made their debut in the competition while Lossiemouth United returned to the tournament after a period of abeyance.
The seven Junior clubs qualified for this season's Scottish Cup, were not included in the draw for the first round. These were the four reigning league and cup champions:
Auchinleck Talbot - West of Scotland Super League Premier Division
Bo'ness United - East Superleague
Culter - North Superleague
Hurlford United - Junior Cup holders
Also qualified automatically are Banks O'Dee and Linlithgow Rose who achieved national club licensing requirements and Girvan who qualified automatically as historic full members of the Scottish Football Association.
Calendar
The provisional dates for each round of the 2014–15 tournament were as follows:
Drawn matches are replayed the following weekend. Replays ending in a draw proceed direct to penalty shootout. Semi-finals are played home and away over two legs, subject to decision by the SJFA management committee.
First round
The first round draw took place in the Pollok F.C. pavilion, Glasgow on 26 August 2014.
1 Match played at Johnstone Burgh F.C.2 Match played at Falkirk F.C.
Replays
Second round
The second round draw took place in the Irvine Meadow Social Club, Irvine on 5 October 2014.
3 Match played at Stoneyburn F.C.4 Tie switched to Banchory St. Ternan F.C.5 Tie switched to Deveronside F.C.6 Match played at Camelon Juniors F.C..
Replays
Third round
The third round draw took place in the offices of the Scottish Sun newspaper, Glasgow on 4 November 2014 at 12:30pm.
7 Match played at Longside F.C.8 Match played at Montrose F.C.
Replays
Fourth round
The fourth round draw took place in the offices of the Evening Times newspaper, Glasgow on 2 December 2014.
9 Ties switched to Penicuik Athletic F.C.10 Match played at Banks O' Dee F.C.
Replays
Fifth round
The fifth round draw took place on Peter and Roughie's Football Show on STV Glasgow on 4 February 2015.
Replays
Quarter-finals
The draw for the quarter-finals took place at Hampden Park, Glasgow on 27 February 2015.
Semi-finals
The draw for the Semi Final of the Dyslexia Scottish Junior Cup took place at Mar Hall Bishopton on Friday 27 March 2015 and was carried out by Steven Naismith of Everton.
First leg
Second leg
Final
The Final of the Dyslexia Scotland Junior Cup was played at Rugby Park, Kilmarnock on Sunday 7 June 2015 with a 4.05pm kick off. The game was televised live by BBC ALBA.
References
4
Scottish Junior Cup seasons
The MLS Save of the Year Award is awarded by Major League Soccer to a player who is voted by fans as having the best save of the MLS season.
Winners
References
SAVE
Association football goalkeepers awards
Association football player non-biographical articles
Heretic is the seventh studio album by the Florida death metal band Morbid Angel. This would be their last under Earache Records, as the band decided not to renew its contract, and also the last to feature Pete Sandoval and with Steve Tucker until their return on 2017's Kingdoms Disdained.
The album was recorded at Diet of Worms Studios by Juan Gonzalez. Heretic is the band's first album not recorded at Morrisound Recording.
The second track, "Enshrined by Grace", is featured on The Texas Chainsaw Massacre soundtrack. It also had a music video which received airplay in the months following the album release.
Nile vocalist/guitarist Karl Sanders, played the outro guitar solo of "God of Our Own Divinity".
The song "Born Again" is actually the outro guitar solo from the song "Secured Limitations" from 2000's Gateways to Annihilation.
Track listing
The album was released in five different versions. The first simply contains Heretic in a standard CD case; the second is a box set featuring the album plus the 18-track CD Bonus Levels and a sticker—released in Germany only and limited to 10,000 copies; the third is a double-disc slipcase of both CDs—available only through US mail order and limited to 2,000 copies; the fourth features both discs in a double-CD jewel case—released in Europe only and limited to 20,000 copies; and the fifth is a 12-inch picture disc with no bonus CD limited to 1,500 copies.
Bonus tracks
The album contains additional tracks after "Born Again". Many of these are silent, while some contain guitar solos or ambiance (notably the sound effects from "Place of Many Deaths" on "Tortured Souls"). When ripped to a computer, the tracks with solos or songs have mostly comical names. The disc has 44 tracks and, according to interviews with Trey Azagthoth, the tracks' numbers and duration have some meaning.
Tracks not listed are silent. Names given are taken directly from the CD-Text on the disc.
Bonus levels
A few pressings of the album were made with an extra disc called Bonus Levels. The first six tracks are all songs off the first disc, with synthesized drums and no vocals. The remaining tracks are guitar solos.
Chart positions
Personnel
Morbid Angel
Steve Tucker – bass, vocals
Trey Azagthoth – guitars, guitar synthesizer, keyboards
Pete Sandoval – drums, piano, keyboards
Guest
Karl Sanders – the outro guitar solo of "God of Our Own Divinity"
Others
Juan "Punchy" Gonzalez – producer, mixing
Marc Sasso – cover art
Peter "Drunken Monkey" Tsakiris – design
Alex Solca – photography
References
2003 albums
Morbid Angel albums
Earache Records albums
is a railway station on the Ōu Main Line in Daisen, Akita, Japan, operated by JR East.
Lines
Ugo-Sakai Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 271.9 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station.
Station layout
The station consists of a single island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The tracks of the Akita Shinkansen run parallel to the outside of the track on Platform 2. The station is attended.
Platforms
History
Ugo-Sakai Station opened on August 21, 1904, as . It was renamed Ugo-Sakai Station on July 1, 1919. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in February 2004.。
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 197 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Former Kyōwa town hall
Kyōwa post office
References
External links
JR East Station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1904
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Ōu Main Line
Daisen, Akita
Plaza College is a private, for-profit college in Forest Hills, New York. It was founded in 1916 and originally located in Long Island City, Queens, before moving to Jackson Heights in 1970, and its current location in 2014. The Jackson Heights facility burned to the ground on April 21, 2014.
The college offers bachelor's degrees in fields including accounting and medical billing.
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1916
Private universities and colleges in New York City
For-profit universities and colleges in the United States
1916 establishments in New York City
George Ludlow Lee Sr. (March 25, 1901 - August 8, 1966) was chairperson of the board of Red Devil, Inc.
Biography
They were born on March 25, 1901. They married Dulcinea Harrison Smith. They had four children, George Ludlow Lee Jr., John Landon Lee, Dulcinea Harrison Lee, and Robert Todd Lee. They became chairperson of the board of Red Devil and their son, George Ludlow Lee Jr. took over as president and CEO. They died on August 9, 1966.
George Ludlow Lee Sr. in Bernards Township, New Jersey
Mr. Lee was owner/treasurer of the Red Devil Tool Company of Irvington, New Jersey from 1937 to 1950. They later became chairperson of the board, renamed the company Red Devil, Inc.. The company is now based in Tulsa, Oklahoma and is currently run by grandson CEO William (Bill) S. Lee.  They are the 4th generation to lead the company. George was also an avid philatelist.
Mr. George L. Lee, Sr., their wife Dulciena Harrison Smith Lee, and their children George L. Lee, Jr., John Landon Lee, Dulcinea Harrison Lee, and Robert Todd Lee were from Maplewood, New Jersey. The family moved into the Cedar Hill Farm estate in Basking Ridge, NJ on the week of June 4, 1940.
Mr. Lee served on the Bernards Township Planning Board and was its Vice Chairman in 1944. They and their wife, Dulcinea Harrison Smith Lee, continued operation of the flourishing fruit farm, where local markets and roadside stands were supplied with the produce.
The Lee's felt that the taxes in Bernards Township were becoming outrageous, so in 1946, the Lee's moved to a bigger home called Dunleigh on the Bernardsville Mountain. The home was on Mine Mount Rd. and owned by William Stamps. The Lee's then sold Cedar Hill to the Bissell's in 1946.
Lee had held on to many parcels of land around the Cedar Hill Farm. They chose to break up the land into various sections. In the mid-50s, Lee donated 60 acres of land to Bernards Township Board of Education to build both Cedar Hill School (Opened Oct. 27,1957) and Ridge High School with their associated athletic fields. They also donated the property to the Township where the War Memorial Park stands today.
Ridge High School and the Red Devils
Locals know the name Lee as the Ridge High School field was named after them as well as the high school mascot, the “Red Devil”. While the Red Devils are named after George Lee's company, the color is green because rival Bernardsville had red uniforms, so they chose green.
The Red Devil Company was originally founded as Smith & Hemenway Company, Inc. While the founder, George Lee Sr.'s father-in-law Landon P. Smith, was on a trip to Sweden they heard a blacksmith remark “those little red devils” after sparks from a forge singed their arm. The name stuck in Smith's mind and upon their return to the States they began to label many of the tools they sold with the RED DEVIL® trade name.
Additional Information
The history of the Astor Estate in Basking Ridge
References
1901 births
1966 deaths
People from Bernards Township, New Jersey
People from Maplewood, New Jersey
Red Devil, Inc.
This is a list of German television related events from 1971.
Events
3 April – West German's entrant Katja Ebstein finishes third at the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 in Dublin.
Debuts
ARD
24 January – (1971)
16 May – (1971)
18 July – (1971)
11 September – The New Adventures of Vidocq (1971–1973)
30 November – (1971)
25 December – Peer Gynt (1971)
ZDF
13 January – Diamantendetektiv Dick Donald (1971)
21 February – Tingeltangel (1971)
27 April – Quentin Durward (1971)
13 August – Gestrickte Spuren (1971)
31 October – Narrenspiegel (1971)
5 December – (1971)
DFF
8 January – Rottenknechte (1971)
13 August – Tod eines Millionärs (1971)
11 September – Die Verschworenen (1971)
17 October – Verwandte und Bekannte (1971)
Ending this year
Königlich Bayerisches Amtsgericht (since 1969)
Der Kurier der Kaiserin (since 1970)
Die Unverbesserlichen (since 1965)
The Berbera gerbil (Gerbillus acticola) is distributed mainly in Somalia, but its range may extend into Ethiopia and Djibouti. It is endemic to the Ethiopian xeric grasslands and shrublands ecoregion.
Description
The Berbera gerbil has an average head-and-body length of and a tail of . It is a small gerbil, the upper pars being sandy orange, the individual hairs having grey shafts and orange tips. The flanks are rather paler, the hairs being white with orange tips, and the underparts are pure white, with a clear demarcation line between the dorsal and ventral pelage. There is a white patch round the eye and the cheeks, chin, throat and feet are white. The soles of the feet are hairless. The long tail is sandy orange above and pale below, and has a narrow tuft of brown and white hairs at its tip. It is generally similar in size and appearance to the greater Egyptian gerbil (Gerbillus pyramidum), but they have different geographical ranges.
Distribution and habitat
The Berbera gerbil is endemic to the Horn of Africa. It is known from three locations in Somaliland, at Berbera, where the type specimen was found, Bulhar and Burao. Two of these locations were in the lowlands but the location near Burao was at . The precise habitat is not known, but collectors used such descriptions as "caught on sandy plain" and "caught by well".
Status
The Berbera gerbil is a little known species. Only a few individuals have been collected and its range is not clearly delineated. With little information as to its occurrence, status, ecological requirements and the threats it faces, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being "data deficient".
References
Gerbillus
Endemic fauna of Somalia
Mammals of Somalia
Mammals of Djibouti
Mammals of Eritrea
Mammals of Ethiopia
Mammals described in 1918
Taxa named by Oldfield Thomas
The clades Lolliana or Lollian disaster was a battle in 16 BCE, when the consul Marcus Lollius Paulinus was defeated by the Sicambri, Tencteri and Usipetes, Germanic tribes who had crossed the Rhine. This defeat is coupled by the historian Suetonius with the disaster of Publius Quinctilius Varus in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest.
See also
Chronology of warfare between the Romans and Germanic tribes
References
Velleius Paterculus 2.97.1
Cassius Dio 54.20.4-5
10s BC conflicts
Battles involving the Roman Empire
Battles involving Germanic peoples
16 BC
1st century BC
1st-century BC battles
Bhindawas is a village in Jhajjar district, Haryana, India. It is about 15 km from Jhajjar. It is in Matenhail sub-district. Bhindawas Wildlife Sanctuary is nearby. The village was founded by Bhinda and Puhania Ahirs a few centuries ago. Army and agriculture were the main profession of people but now many have migrated to nearby cities and work in various government and private organizations.
Demographics of 2011
As of 2011 India census, Bhindawas had a population of 2074 in 422 households. Males (1088) constitute 52.45% of the population and females (986) 47.54%. Bhindawas has an average literacy (1450) rate of 69.91%, lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy (847) is 58.41%, and female literacy (603) is 41.58% of total literates (1450). In Bhindawas, Jhajjar, 12.63% of the population is under 6 years of age (262).
Adjacent villages
Chandol
Dhakla
Surehti
rayia
dawala
References
Villages in Jhajjar district
Poecilasthena fragilis is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
References
Moths described in 1942
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Murray Grove is a Unitarian Universalist retreat and conference center in the Lanoka Harbor section of Lacey Township, New Jersey United States, traditionally considered the site where Universalism in America began. In 1770, Thomas Potter, an unlettered but inspired Universalist landowner living in what was then called Good Luck, New Jersey, encountered John Murray after Murray's vessel was grounded in nearby Barnegat Bay. Learning that Murray was both a Universalist and a preacher, Potter prevailed on them to preach the gospel of universal love in the meetinghouse Potter had built for that express purpose ten years earlier. Despite serious misgivings and initial resistance, Murray gave their first Universalist sermon on the North American continent on September 30, 1770. Taking the experience as a sign that God wanted them to dedicate their life to preaching Universalism, they went on to minister to the first Universalist congregation in the United States, in Gloucester, Massachusetts, and later to be centrally involved in the founding of the Universalist Church of America.
Universalist pilgrims began trekking to Good Luck in the 1830s. Unable to purchase the meetinghouse, they created what they called Murray Grove and, over time, erected the Potter Memorial Chapel for worship services and Murray Grove House for accommodations. It has been a national center of Universalism for over a century and, since the merger of the Universalists with the Unitarians in 1960 as Unitarian Universalism, remains a vital and active Unitarian Universalist gathering and pilgrimage site.
Murray Grove offers historical tours as well as space for groups to hold their own retreats and conferences. Regular programs are presented, especially including the Homecoming celebration the last Saturday of each September.
External links
Murray Grove website
Buildings and structures in Ocean County, New Jersey
Lacey Township, New Jersey
Martial Robin (born 27 August 1977 in Marseille) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or left-back.
They won Ligue 2 with Ajaccio and was a UEFA Cup runner-up with Marseille.
External links
1977 births
Living people
Footballers from Marseille
Association football midfielders
Association football fullbacks
French footballers
Olympique de Marseille players
AC Ajaccio players
Grenoble Foot 38 players
FC Istres players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
The Balaton was a Hungarian microcar made by Székesfehérvári Motorjavitó Vállalat based in the central Hungarian town of Székesfehérvár, which began production in 1956.
It was powered by a 250 cc Pannonia motorcycle engine. The rubber suspension was developed from an idea of Ernő Rubik Sr., father of Ernő Rubik who later became famous for the Rubik's cube. The roof and doors were in one piece and hinged to give access to the interior.
The same company also made the Alba Regia microcar with which the Balaton shared most of its mechanical parts.
External links
Hungarian Microcars of the 50s with pictures
Car manufacturers of Hungary
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Hungary
B
Cars of Hungary
Cars introduced in 1956
Manufacturing companies established in 1956
1956 establishments in Hungary
Microscopic Milton is a British series of short animated films. Created and written by Tony Garth, they were first broadcast on CBBC between 1997 and 1999. The show was produced by Splash Animation Ltd and executive produced by Russell Neale Anthony Dever with distribution through EVA Entertainment. The series was self-financed and was one of the first commercially produced series on Cambridge Animo. The series was sold via acquisition to the BBC in the UK and Disney Channel in the USA. Two series were produced each of 13 X 5' being 26 eps in total.
Microscopic Milton was a tiny man who lived in a clock on the mantelpiece in a house owned by Mrs. Witherspoon (who is only seen from the shoulders down), who was unaware of Milton's existence. Milton was befriended by Mrs. Witherspoon's large, shaggy dog, Douglas.
Each episode ran five minutes, and 26 episodes were produced. The narrative was provided by sitcom star Brian Wilde though airings in America were narrated by Kristen Johnston.
Episode list
Milton and the Shopping Trip
Milton and the Bubble Bath
Milton and the Camping Holiday
Milton and the Dust Collection
Milton and the Fitness Plan
Milton and the Toybox
Milton and the Beanstalk
Milton and the Kitten
Milton and the Broken Clock
Milton and the Leprechaun
Milton and Mrs. Witherspoon's Wish
Milton and the Parrot
Milton and the Snowdog
Milton and the Space Alien
Milton and the Time Machine
Milton and the Visitor
Milton and the Big Freeze
Milton and the Birthday Party
Milton and the Bumblebee
Milton and the Circus
Milton and the Disappearing Dog
Milton and the Dog Show
Milton and the Dog That Ate New York
Milton and the Halloween Party
References
External links
BBC children's television shows
British children's animated television shows
1990s British children's television series
1997 British television series debuts
1999 British television series endings
English-language television shows
The 2000–01 Copa del Rey was the 99th staging of the Copa del Rey.
The competition started on 30 August 2000 and concluded on 30 March 2001 with the Final, held at the Estadio La Cartuja in Sevilla.
Format
All rounds are played over two legs apart the final which is played a single match in a neutral venue and the Rounds of 32 and 64, which are played a single match playoff in the field of lower-level opponent. In these rounds teams from 1ª División start as top seeds and can not face each other.
In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the away goals rule. (This rule applies also in extra time)
In case of a tie on aggregate, will play an extra time of 30 minutes, and if no goals are scored during extra time, the tie is decided by penalty shootout.
The winners of the competition will earn a place in the group stage of next season's UEFA Cup, if they have not already qualified for European competition, if so then the runners-up will instead take this berth.
Preliminary round
Round of 64
Round of 32
Round of 16
|}
First leg
Second leg
Quarter-finals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Semi-finals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Final
Top goalscorers
References
External links
RSSSF
Linguasport
Youtube: Granada CF career cup 2000-01
Copa del Rey seasons
1
Recharge or Recharged may refer to:
Groundwater recharge, a hydrologic process where water moves to groundwater
Recharge (battery), the process to restore power or charge to a power storage device, such as a battery
Recharge (magazine), is a business news website and monthly magazine covering the global renewable energy industry
Surface water recharge, a hydrologic process where water runs off to surface watercourses
Volvo Recharge, a plug-in concept car developed by Volvo
Music
Recharged (album), 2013 remix album by Linkin Park
Recharged, 1988 studio album by The Vibrators
Other
Ricochet Lost Worlds: Recharged, video game
Yaowarat Road (, ; ) in Samphanthawong District is the main artery of Bangkok's Chinatown. Modern Chinatown now covers a large area around Yaowarat and Charoen Krung Road. It has been the main centre for trading by the Chinese community since they moved from their old site some 200 years ago to make way for the construction of Wat Phra Kaew, the Grand Palace. Nearby is the Phahurat or Little India. The area is bordered by the Chao Phraya River to the south. Yaowarat Road is well known for its variety of foodstuffs, and at night turns into a large "food street" that draws tourists and locals from all over the city.
History
Chinatown is in one of the oldest areas of Bangkok. It is the result of the resettlement of Chinese on the west bank of Chao Phraya River after King Rama I moved the capital of the kingdom from Thonburi to Rattanakosin. From there Chinese traders operated maritime junk trade between (Siam) and China throughout the Rattanakosin period. By the end of 1891, King Rama V had ordered the construction of many roads, including Yaowarat Road. Chinatown does not consist of only Yaowarat Road, but also includes others such as Charoen Krung Road, Mangkon Road, Songwat Road, Songsawat Road, Ratchawong Road, and Chakkrawat Road. Yaowarat's Sampheng Market is the center of the area. The path of the road is said to resemble a dragon's curvy body, making it an auspicious location for business. Since it was built to avoid the existing cluster of houses of the people according the king's policy. Yaowarat is a road with a length of about 1.5 km (0.93 mi), 20 m (65 ft) wide and takes 8 years to build (1892–1900). There are many shops selling gold, garments, textiles, stationery, souvenirs, second-hand parts and equipment, electric goods, computer parts, antiques, imported musical instruments and local delicacies. Based on 2002 data, there are 132 gold shops (including nearby), which is considered the area with the most gold shops in the world. Therefore, it was dubbed as "Golden Road" in tandem "Dragon Road".
Land prices around Yaowarat Road have always been among the most expensive in Bangkok and Thailand due to limited land which is mostly owned by prominent Thai-Chinese families.
This road was originally named "Yuppharat Road" and later changed to "Yaowarat Road", which means "young king", in honour to Prince Vajirunhis, the first crown prince of Thailand, who was the first son of King Rama V. Before it was a road it was just rice fields and canals. In 1894, an electric tram car service passed through Charoen Krung and Yaowarat Roads, this service only ceased in 1968. Prior World War II, regarded as the busiest area in Bangkok, it was the first road where the country's tallest buildings where situated, called seven-storeyed and nine-storeyed buildings on both sides of the road. There were many famous Chinese restaurants, Chaloem Buri Cinema the most modern one in that decade, many reliable gold shops as well as a hundred of shops selling both fresh and preserved merchandised used for Chinese food cooking. At present, Yaowarat's significance is not fading. It is still one of the country's most busting commercial and delicious food district.
On 3 June 1946, King Rama VIII and their younger brother, Prince Bhumibol (later King Rama IX), visited Yaowarat and Sampheng by walking from morning until noon. This event is considered a milestone of Yaowarat and causing conflicts between Thais and Thais of Chinese descent, including overseas Chinese who live in Thailand to end.
Nowadays, every Chinese New Year festival Yaowarat Road will become a venue for great celebrations. The road will be closed to completely turn into a pedestrian street. Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn has always presided over the opening ceremony, and since December 15, 2019 on every Sunday, this road from 07:00 p.m.-12:00 a.m. will be completely closed to become a pedestrian street (only section Chaloem Buri to Ratchawong Intersections).
Characteristics
Yaowarat is a road with a total length of 1,532 m (about 5,026 ft) with traffic management as one-way running in opposite directions to the parallel, Charoen Krung Road. Starting from the Odeon Circle near Wat Traimit, or Temple of Golden Buddha, and spans canal Khlong Ong Ang to end at Wang Burapha Intersection in front of Wang Burapha area in Phra Nakhon District.
Transportation
Yaowarat Road is served by the BMTA and affiliated's bus lines: 1, 4, 7 (only section Ratchawong to Chakkrawat Roads) 21, 25, 40, 53, 73, 73ก, 507, 529, 542, and there are four bus stops: Thian Fah Foundation Hospital, Chaloem Buri, Talat Kao (Old Market) and Wat Tuek.
The road also served by the Wat Mangkon Station of the MRT Subway, whose Blue Line runs under the nearby Charoen Krung Road.
References
External links
Chinese-Thai culture
Neighbourhoods of Bangkok
Samphanthawong district
Shopping districts and streets in Thailand
Streets in Bangkok
Slaight is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Allan Slaight (1931–2021), Canadian rock and roll radio pioneer, media mogul, and philanthropist
Brad Slaight (born 1964), American actor
Gary Slaight, one of the founders of Canada's Walk of Fame
See also
Slaight Communications, Canadian radio broadcasting company
English-language surnames
The Lake Ridge Island Mounds (also known as the Wolf Mounds I-IV) are a group of small hills in Logan County, Ohio, United States that have been thought to be Native American mounds. Located in an area of about at the northern end on Lake Ridge Island in Indian Lake, the mounds are near the village of Russells Point in the southeastern corner of Stokes Township. State Route 368 passes a short distance to the east of the mounds, even weaving at one point to avoid them. The four mounds on the island are small, not reaching a height greater than or a diameter greater than ; they are small enough that they appear to be natural knolls. A report produced in the 1970s observed that the mounds were in "excellent" condition at the time, never having been disturbed by artifact seekers.
An archeological survey of Logan County, published in 1914, revealed a cluster of mounds on the southeastern shore of Indian Lake, but no mounds on Lake Ridge Island were observed by the survey. Typical of the mounds studied in the survey is the Dunns Pond Mound, located in the community of Moundwood a short distance south of Lake Ridge Island; it is significantly larger than the Lake Ridge Island Mounds. The 1970s report highlighted the mounds as possible archeological sites, stating that they resembled small Hopewell mounds known elsewhere in Ohio and proposing that they were constructed by small groups of Hopewell who were isolated by time or distance from centers of Hopewell influence. As small mounds, they were assessed as being potentially significant for revealing the origins and demise of the Hopewell in the midwestern United States. For this reason, the mounds were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district in 1974, along with the Dunns Pond Mound; they are the only historic district in Logan County. In nominating the mounds for listing, the Ohio Historical Society noted the mounds' location within Indian Lake State Park as being significant for archeological education: it was hoped that visitors to the park would become aware of the significance of the mounds and consequently seek to preserve archeological sites on their own properties.
See also
List of Hopewell sites
References
Further reading
Koleszar, Stephen C. An Archaeological Survey of Southwestern Ohio. Columbus: Ohio Historical Society, 1970.
Archaeological sites in Ohio
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Logan County, Ohio
Mounds in Ohio
Kriva Bara () is a village in northwestern Bulgaria. It is located in the Kozloduy Municipality of the Vratsa Province.
A village of the same name also exists in the Brusartsi municipality of the Montana Province in Bulgaria.
References
Villages in Vratsa Province
Preach is a religion and spirituality podcast about the "messiness of faith", which is hosted by Mormon reporter Lee Hale and produced by KUER.
A short trailer for the show was published on September 6, 2019 and the first episode was published later that month. The first episode of the show discusses Mormonism and women and premarital exams in particular. Lee Hale was featured on the Mormon Land podcast. Lee Hale interviewed a gay Mormon named Addison Jenkins. The final episode was published on April 17, 2020 because Lee Hale was moving to a job for NPR as an editor and producer of All Things Considered.
Throughout the podcast Hale discusses how they have struggled with faith and interviews other people who have experienced similar struggles. Lee Hale discussed the origins and the reboot of the VeggieTales on NPR. Hale spends an episode interviewing Glynn Washington and their experiences with The Worldwide Church of God.
References
External links
2019 podcast debuts
Religion and spirituality podcasts
2020 podcast endings
Mormon podcasts
The 2014 Club Season started on Saturday May 17 at Sydney Olympic Park and went through until September 2014. Competitions are held for open women's and open men's teams. There is also a schools competition.
The winner of the men's competition qualifies for the National Club championship.
Results
Men's open
Semi finals
Final
Women's open
Schools Competition
The XIX Schools' Championships were held at Sydney Olympic Park Sports Halls on May 26 (girls) and May 27 (boys), 2014. Many schools participated – the most entrants since 2008 – and all teams improved over the course of each day, with some great handball displays from the seasoned competitors through to the teams who had never played until the tournament.
References
Men's results - NSWHB
Women's results - NSWHB
Men's results on Sydney Uni web page
Women's results on Sydney Uni web page
Handball competitions in Australia
2014 in Australian sport
2014–15 domestic handball leagues
Mary O'Leary is a former camogie player, winner of the B+I Star of the Year award in 1982 and All Ireland medals in 1978, 1980, 1982 (when their last-gasp point secured victory for Cork) and 1983.
Family
 They are a sister of Cork hurler Seánie O'Leary, four times All Ireland medalist.
Free taker
As well as their 1982 All Ireland winning point they also pointed a long range free at the end of the 1982 Gael Linn Cup final to win the cup for Munster.
Awards
They were the second winner of the Cospoir/Glen Abbey Hosiery women in sport award in 1982.
References
Living people
Cork camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Frankenstein's Army is a 2013 found footage horror film directed by Richard Raaphorst, written by Chris W. Mitchell and Miguel Tejada-Flores, and starring Karel Roden, Joshua Sasse, Luke Newberry, Alexander Mercury, Robert Gwilym, Andrei Zayats, Mark Stevenson and Hon Ping Tang. An international co-production of the United States, the Czech Republic, and the Netherlands, the film is set on the Eastern Front of World War II, as seen from the point of view of a Red Army team. In the film, Soviet troops invading Germany encounter undead mechanical soldiers created by a mad scientist descended from Victor Frankenstein.
Plot
During the closing days of World War II, a Soviet reconnaissance team consisting of Novikov, Sergei, Vassili, Alexei, Ivan, Sacha, and propagandist videographer Dmitri are on a mission to destroy a German sniper nest. After completing the objective, the squad receives a Soviet distress call that repeats without any response to their queries; at the same time, they lose radio contact with high command. Although the soldiers are skeptical of the presence of Soviet forces in the area, the team leader Novikov orders them to investigate. Meanwhile, Dmitri interviews the soldiers and documents the mission under orders to create a Soviet propaganda film featuring the heroic exploits of the Red Army.
As they draw closer to the designated coordinates, Dmitri takes an interest in, and films, several odd occurrences, such as unexplained dead Nazis, a burnt convent full of massacred nuns, and strange machinery. When the soldiers arrive at their destination, they find an abandoned church where they accidentally activate a 'zombot' - a reanimated corpse with mechanical implants fused onto its body. The zombot kills Novikov by disemboweling them before being killed by the rest of the men. Following this, Sergei takes charge as the new commander and though Vassili challenges their authority, the rest of the squad sides with Sergei.
The soldiers see an elderly caretaker enter the church and ambush him.  They are interrogated by Dmitri, who asks for the location of the stranded Soviet soldiers they heard on the radio. The caretaker insists that the village is abandoned, with everyone killed or scared off by the creatures created by "The Doctor", but Vassili becomes impatient and cuts off their finger. Coerced by the torture, the caretaker agrees to lead them to the source of the Soviet distress call, but instead leads them into a zombot trap where Ivan is mortally wounded. The squad manages to escape, and back at the church they encounter a group of German survivors - Fritz, young boy Hans, and nurse Eva - that had been hiding from the zombots. Vassili suggests killing them, but Eva convinces the Russians to spare them and their fellow survivors by offering to help the wounded Ivan. When they are unable to save them and they die of their injuries, Vassili attacks them and knocks them unconscious. Suddenly, Alexei is ambushed and killed by a zombot as more enter the church and close in on the group.
The survivors manage to escape into the church's catacombs, where Sergei discovers that Dmitri has been deceiving the squad by using a radio jammer to both block contact with high command and transmit the fake distress call they received. Dmitri reveals that they have a secret mission from the Soviet government to capture or kill the Nazi scientist who created the zombots, and to document their mission in case they cannot capture him. Furious that they were deceived and led unprepared into this mission, Sergei and Vassili threaten to kill Dmitri, but they assert their authority by revealing that they are a Captain in the Red Army, outranking both of them, and threatens their families with retribution. As Dmitri leads the group deeper into the catacombs, they encounter increasingly bizarre aberrations and eventually find a chute which goes deeper into the factory. Sergei and Vassili force Hans to go down the chute to investigate and the boy is quickly killed by a zombot which then climbs up the chute and attacks the group; though they manage to destroy it, Fritz is killed in the struggle. Sergei, Vassili, and Sacha then stage a mutiny against Dmitri and throw them and their film equipment down the chute.
Unable to climb back up, Dmitri goes deeper into the facility, eventually being discovered and chased by a multitude of zombots. While trying to escape, they encounter, and is knocked out by, Ivan who has been converted into a zombot. When Dmitri regains consciousness, they find themselves taken prisoner by the caretaker, who reveals themselves to be Dr. Viktor Frankenstein, a deranged descendant of the original Victor Frankenstein, and creator of the zombots. The doctor gives Dmitri a tour of their facility, explaining how they created the zombots based on their grandfather's work, and how they went rogue from their Nazi superiors. Along the way, Dmitri sees Hans, converted into a zombot, and Sergei and Vassili, both captured, with the latter partially dismembered. Dmitri and Frankenstein then hear distant artillery fire, which Dmitri reveals is the approaching Red Army. Dmitri attempts to recruit Frankenstein on behalf of the Soviet government, but instead, they propose an experiment that they believe will end the war: fusing together one half each of a Soviet and a Nazi brain. To this end, Frankenstein lobotomizes a kidnapped Nazi soldier, and then Sergei, who swears revenge on Dmitri before Frankenstein begins operating on him; during the surgery, Frankenstein is assisted by Eva, who has also been turned into a zombot. Frankenstein removes half of Sergei's brain and grafts the removed half of the Nazi soldier's brain into Sergei's head and then reanimates them with their generator. Frankenstein restrains Dmitri onto a table to begin experimenting on him, but the Red Army's artillery suddenly begins bombarding the factory. Frankenstein quickly gathers their documents and prepares to flee, but Sacha, who managed to evade capture, appears from behind and shoots them dead. Dmitri orders Sacha to free him, but Sacha ignores him, instead removing Frankenstein's head and taking it with them as proof that they succeeded in their mission, along with Dmitri's camera. Sacha flees the facility just as Sergei's body comes to life and kills Dmitri.
The "document" then ends with a photo of a newly promoted Sacha standing next to Stalin.
Cast
Karel Roden as Dr. Viktor Frankenstein
Alexander Mercury as Dmitri
Joshua Sasse as Sergei
Andrei Zayats as Vassili
Hon Ping Tang as Ivan, "Ivan Zombot"
Mark Stevenson as Alexei
Luke Newberry as Sacha
Robert Gwilym as Novikov
Cristina Catalina as Eva, "Nurse Zombot"
Zdenek Barinka as Hans, "Pod Zombot"
Jan de Lukowicz as Fritz
Klaus Lucas as Dieter, The Dying Nazi Officer
Production
Stories of Frankenstein's monster disturbed director Richard Raaphorst as a child. When they were thinking of ideas for a monster film, they instantly went back to the Frankenstein mythology, which they extended to World War II. Raaphorst said they were drawn the idea of an army of Frankensteins in World War II specifically because the idea was "insane". Raaphorst had worked on a similar film titled Worst Case Scenario but Frankenstein's Army is unrelated to it.
Principal photography began on March 5, 2012 at Karlovy Vary in Czechia. Although the film used CGI, most of the effects were practical; for example, stuntmen were set on fire. The practical effects, inspired by John Carpenter's The Thing, necessitated what Raaphorst described as long, complicated single takes. They said it was worth it in the end, though they experienced doubt during shooting when they became ill.
Release
Frankenstein's Army premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam on January 26, 2013. It was released in the United States on July 26, 2013. MPI Media Group and Dark Sky released it on home video on September 10, 2013.
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Frankenstein's Army holds an approval rating of 56% of 25 critics, and an average rating of 5.47/10. Metacritic, which assigns a normalized score, rated it 49 out of 100 based on nine reviews.
Scott Foundas of Variety wrote that the film is "short on plot and long on ingeniously gruesome creature designs and practical special effects that hark back to the industrious 1980s schlockfests churned out by the likes of Frank Henenlotter and Stuart Gordon." Foundas also compared the film's "junkyard chic" to the steampunk films of Shinya Tsukamoto. John DeFore of The Hollywood Reporter wrote that the film's monsters and gory special effects will appeal to horror fans, but it should have focused more on black humor and satire to appeal to broader midnight movie audiences. Andy Webster of The New York Times described the monsters as steampunk cyborgs and wrote, "Narrative depth may be in short supply, but the energy, invention and humor are bracing."
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club rated it C− and called it "a ludicrous World War II horror flick bogged down by its found-footage gimmick" that only works near the end when the film plays up the "imaginatively grotesque monsters". Jason Jenkins of Dread Central rated it 3 out of 5 stars and called it "a fun, furious, goofy and gory good time" for forgiving horror fans. Lauren Taylor of Bloody Disgusting rated it 1.5 out of 5 stars and said that the visuals and effects did not make up for the lack of a plot and unnecessary "found footage" style. Bill Gibron of PopMatters called it "an amazing steampunk splatter fest" whose visual imagery makes up for its narrative faults.
See also
List of films featuring Frankenstein's monster
References
External links
2013 films
2013 horror films
2010s comedy horror films
2010s monster movies
American comedy horror films
American action horror films
American robot films
American zombie films
Czech action films
Czech horror films
Cyborg films
Dieselpunk
Dutch action films
Dutch horror films
Films set in 1945
Films set in Germany
Films shot in the Czech Republic
Found footage films
Frankenstein films
Nazi zombie films
Steampunk films
2010s science fiction films
American science fiction action films
Czech science fiction action films
American science fiction horror films
Dutch war films
Czech war films
Horror war films
English-language Czech films
English-language Dutch films
2013 comedy films
American World War II films
Czech World War II films
Dutch World War II films
Eastern Front of World War II films
Films about the Soviet Union in the Stalin era
2010s exploitation films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Archmandrite Andrei Tsikota MIC (, Andrej Cikota, , also Andrew Cikoto; 5 December 1891, Vilno Governorate - 11 February 1952, Irkutsk Oblast) was a Belarusian Roman Catholic and Greek Catholic priest, Superior General of the Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception, Ordinary of the Russian Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Harbin, member of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic.
Biography
Education, early years
Andrei Tsikota was born into a peasant family in Plavushka, now Smarhon District, northwestern Belarus, then part of the Russian Empire. They graduated from a gymnasium in Ashmiany, a seminary in Vilno and from the Theological Academy in St. Petersburg (1917). On 13 June 1914 they were ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Vincent Kliuchynski. After graduation, Fr. Tsikota served as the pastor of the Maladzechna parish.
In May 1917, Tsikota participated in the first congress of Belarusian Roman Catholic clergy that took place in Minsk.
In 1918, Tsikota moved to Minsk to teach at a priest seminary. In the same year, they also became member of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic. In 1919, they were member of the Provisional Belarusian National Committee (), a Belarusian coordination body on the territory controlled by Poland during the Soviet-Polish War.
In interwar Poland
In 1920, Tsikota entered the novitiate of the Congregation of Marian Fathers, making their first vows in September 1921. Between 1921 and 1923, Tsikota was on a mission in the United States, serving the Lithuanian American community as well conducting retreats parish missions for Lithuanian, Polish, and Belarusian immigrants.
After returning to the Second Polish Republic in 1923, Tsikota served at the Marian parish in Druja, West Belarus. They were instrumental in the organization of a local school and supervised the organization of the Congregation of the Sisters Handmaids of Jesus in the Eucharist. In 1925 they became Novice Master at the newly opened Belarusian Marian novitiate in Druja.
In interwar Poland, Tsikota was an active member of the Belarusian catholic movement and advocated for the broad introduction of Belarusian language into the life of the Catholic church. Tsikota had to face obstacles by the Polish state and its discriminatory policies towards the Belarusian minority.
In July 1927, Fr. Tsikota represented Belarusian Greek-Catholics at the Fifth Uniate Congress in Velehrad (Czechoslovakia).
Between 1933 and 1939 Tsikota was twice elected Superior General of the Congregation of Marian fathers in Rome. While performing their duties, they continued to support the Belarusian catholic institutions in Druja.
Mission in Harbin
In 1939 Tsikota was appointed exarch and Apostolic Administrator for Catholics of the Eastern Rite in Manchuria, replacing Archimandrite Fabijan Abrantovich, a different Belarusian Marian father and Greek Catholic priest holding that title, who had been arrested by the Soviets in occupied former Eastern Poland.
Imprisonment and death
In December 1948 Tsikota and a small group of Harbin-based Catholic priests, including the Belarusians Jazep Hermanovich and Tamash Padziava, was arrested by communist Chinese authorities. The priests were handed over to the Soviet Ministry of State Security.
After several months of manipulative interrogations and solitary confinement, Tsikota and other priests were sentenced to 25 years in of labor camps.
Archimandrite Tsikota was brought to the Ozerlag subdivision of the Gulag concentration camp system. They died in a camp hospital near Tayshet, Irkutsk oblast, on February 13, 1952.
Commemoration
A memorial cross dedicated to Archimandrite Tsikota has been erected by Belarusian Catholics in 2003 in Zhodzishki, Smarhon District, near their birthplace. The cross was consecrated by Siarhiei Hajek, Apostolic Visitor for Greek-Catholic Christians of Belarus.
Another memorial cross Andrei Tsikota was erected and consecrated in May 2012 on the Ozerlag camp cemetery in Irkutsk Oblast where Tsikota is buried.
In 2003, the Catholic Church in Russia under Archbishop Tadevush Kandrusevich has initiated a process of beatification of Archimandrite Andrei Tsikota.
See also
Belarusian Greek Catholic Church
References
People from Smarhon' District
People from Sventsyansky Uyezd
Belarusian Eastern Catholic priests
Roman Catholic missionaries in China
Belarusian expatriates in China
Gulag detainees
20th-century Eastern Catholic clergy
Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception
Members of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic
1891 births
1952 deaths
The politics of South Tyrol is conducted through a parliamentary, democratic autonomous province with a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised collectively by the Landesregierung, which is led by the Governor, referred to as "Landeshauptmann" in German. Legislative power is vested in the Landtag primarily, and secondarily on the provincial government. The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislative branches. South Tyrol has been an autonomous province within the Italian Republic since 1948, when the Gruber – De Gasperi Agreement was agreed upon between Austria and Italy.
The current Landeshauptmann is Arno Kompatscher.
Provincial government
The local government system is based upon the provisions of the Italian Constitution and the Autonomy Statute of the Region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol. The 1972 second Statute of Autonomy for Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol devolved most legislative and executive competences from the regional level to the provincial level, creating de facto two separate regions.
The executive powers are attributed to the provincial government (German: Landesregierung; Italian: Giunta Provinciale) headed by the Landeshauptmann Arno Kompatscher, who has been in power since 2014. They belong to the South Tyrolean People's Party.
List of governors
Provincial council
The considerable legislative power of the province is vested in a provincial assembly called Landtag (German: Südtiroler Landtag; Italian: Consiglio della Provincia Autonoma di Bolzano; Ladin: Cunsëi dla Provinzia Autonoma de Bulsan).
The legislative powers of the assembly cover all those subject matters that are not expressly reserved to the exclusive legislative power of the Italian State or to concurrent legislation per article 117 of the Italian Constitution.
Last provincial elections
Political parties and elections
The independence controversy is especially an issue of the German parties Die Freiheitlichen, South Tyrolean Freedom and Union for South Tyrol. With the 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence, the idea of a Freistaat (free state) resurfaced again. Eva Klotz and their party South Tyrolean Freedom, which launched the campaign South Tyrol is not Italy!, are among the strongest advocates of self-determination.
During the 2008 regional elections, the incumbent South Tyrolean People's Party lost votes to their party, the regionalist Lega Nord Alto Adige – Südtirol and Die Freiheitlichen, who have close ties to the nationalist Freedom Party of Austria.
Autonomy issues
The Südtiroler Heimatbund asked the Soffi-Institute in Innsbruck to conduct an opinion poll on the future of South Tyrol. The poll was conducted at the end of 2005 in which only German-speaking South Tyroleans were asked. 45.33% of those asked were in favour of remaining with Italy, 54.67% were against remaining. The latter group comprised 33.40% in favour of an independent state and 21.27% in favour of Tyrolean reunification with Austria.
Another poll conducted in August 2008 by the apollis Institute of Social Research and Opinion Polling in Bolzano asked 502 Italian-speaking South Tyroleans of their opinion. The poll consisted of three parts. To the first question if a referendum about remaining with Italy should be held at all, 41% said yes and 59% no.
In the event of a referendum, 78% wished to remain with Italy, 20% were in favour of an independent state and 2% in favour of Tyrolean reunification with Austria.
A poll conducted in 2013 among German and Ladin speakers by the Austrian Kasmarin agency showed the following results: To the question "If a referendum were conducted also in South Tyrol and you had a choice, how would you decide?", 26% would opt for staying within Italy, and 54% for independence from Italy.
Across the border in the Austrian state of Tyrol, the Tiroler Tageszeitung conducted a poll in January 2009 to gauge the opinion of the inhabitants of North and East Tyrol. 500 people were asked in the poll. In 2008, 45% wished a reunification with South Tyrol, that number increased in 2009 by 4% to 49% in favour. 36.6% were against reunification while 14.1% had no opinion.
In the age group of 15- to 29-year-olds, 71% were in favour of reunification. The highest support by district was in the Oberland with 67% while Innsbruck city and district was lowest with 42%.
Further reading
Marc Röggla. 2019. "Consensus Impossible? South Tyrol's Autonomy Convention and the issue of Self-determination." Journal of Autonomy and Security Studies
References
Kandyman (born Ruben Cuesta Palomo) is a popular Cuban reggaeton (cubatón) singer.
Career
Born in Santiago de Cuba, they grew up listening to Jamaican radio, and thus reggae music. They were one of the first artists to use the Jamaican dancehall and ragga musical styles in their compositions, thus creating the first unique cubatón sound in the early 2000s.
 They are now considered as one of the leaders of the scene. They have a long standing collaboration with Sweden-based cubatón label Topaz Records, and has gained fame across the Americas and Europe in the genre.
Now in 2019 they have rebranded their name from Candyman to Kandyman and has new releases upcoming under Kobalt Music Group
Discography
Songs
"La Cosita"
"Bayu Baye"
"Ponte a la moda"
"Cuando tú me besas"
"Que se acabe"
External links
Official Instagram
References
Cuban male singers
Cuban reggaeton musicians
People from Santiago de Cuba
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Patteson Shoal is an outer reef in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. It is located about 50 km northeast of Nupani. The shoal is named for John Coleridge Patteson.
References
External links
Patteson Shoal on Solomonislands.com.sb
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Lida District () - a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Lida.
Notable residents
Vitold Ashurak (1970, Aharodniki village – 2021), Belarusian activist and political prisoner who died in custody
Kyprian Kandratovich (1859, Zinovičy village – 1932), military officer, commander of the armed forces of the short-lived Belarusian Democratic Republic
References
Districts of Grodno Region
The Louisiana Purchase was the acquisition of the Louisiana territory by the United States from France.
Louisiana Purchase may also refer to:
Louisiana Purchase (musical), a 1940 musical about Louisiana politics
Louisiana Purchase (film), a 1941 adaptation of the musical
Louisiana Purchase, conservatives' name for a deal for Mary Landrieu's support of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
See also
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, the Saint Louis World's Fair of 1904
Louisiana Purchase State Park in Arkansas
Children in Need Rocks Manchester was a charity music concert held at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England, on 17 November 2011. The concert was organised by Take That singer-songwriter Gary Barlow as one of a series of events to raise money for Children in Need 2011. It became the second Children in Need Rocks concert organised by Barlow, after the Children in Need Rocks the Royal Albert Hall in 2009.
Background
The concert was broadcast on BBC One, BBC One HD, BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio Manchester on Thursday 17 November 2011, the day before the official appeal telethon.
Short films of projects being funded by the charity were shown at various points throughout the show, often featuring one of the celebrities meeting a child or group of children.
The event was hosted by BBC Radio 1 presenters Chris Moyles and Fearne Cotton, along with former Doctor Who is a actor David Tennant. The acts performing at the concert included Canadian Michael Bublé, Jessie J, Coldplay, James Morrison, Barlow's fellow The X Factor judges, Tulisa Contostavlos and Kelly Rowland, Barlow themselves and Lady Gaga. The house band was led by Mike Stevens and Steve Sidwell. Barlow revealed on The Chris Moyles Show when announcing the concert that they had personally contacted the acts they wanted to perform.
Tickets for the concert cost between £55 and £95, and the 12,000 tickets sold out within 10 minutes of going on sale on 16 September 2011. Some tickets were also bought by radio stations and television programmes to be auctioned, with one pair of tickets being sold to a BBC Radio Jersey listener for £2010. The concert raised over £2,500,000 including from text donations during the programme. The total would be added to the £26 million which was donated by the British public during the telethon the next day.
Performances
The Collective with Tulisa Contostavlos – "Teardrop"
Lady Gaga – "Born This Way" "The Edge of Glory and "Marry The Night"
Ed Sheeran – "The A Team"
Michael Bublé – "Haven't Met You Yet" and "Santa Claus Is Coming To Town"
Dappy and Fazer – "No Regrets"
Snow Patrol – "This Isn't Everything You Are"
Kelly Rowland – "Down for Whatever"
James Morrison – "You Give Me Something" and "Up" (featuring Jessie J)
Hugh Laurie – "Crazy Arms" and "Hallelujah I Love Them So" (featuring Jamie Cullum)
Andrea Bocelli – "Nessun Dorma"
Elbow – "Open Arms" and "One Day Like This"
JLS – "Take a Chance on Me" and "She Makes Me Wanna"
Jessie J – "Nobody's Perfect"
Gary Barlow – "Back for Good"
Coldplay – "Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall", "Paradise" and "Viva la Vida"
See also
Children in Need 2011
Manchester Arena
References
External links
Official Children in Need website
Children in Need
2011 in music
2011 in British television
2011 in England
Music in Manchester
November 2011 events in the United Kingdom
2010s in Manchester
Shri S.N. Mishra was former Secretary-General of 11th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat, from 15 May 1996 to 15 July 1996 for a short period. Lok Sabha is a Lower House of the Parliament of India.
References
India MPs 1996–1997
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
Ziethen may refer to:
places in Germany
Ziethen, Brandenburg, in the district of Barnim, Brandenburg
Ziethen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, in the district of Vorpommern-Greifswald, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Ziethen, Schleswig-Holstein, in the district of Lauenburg, Schleswig-Holstein
See also
Zieten (disambiguation)
Poblete is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carlos Poblete, Chilean footballer
Elizabeth Poblete (born 1987), Chilean weightlifter
Gerónimo Poblete (born 1993), Argentine footballer
Israel Poblete (born 1995), Chilean footballer
Maximiliano Poblete (1873–1946), Chilean politician and physician
Olga Poblete, Chilean women's rights activist and feminist
Pascual H. Poblete (1857–1921), Filipino writer and feminist
Yleem Poblete, U.S. government official
Mount Walla is a historic home located near Scottsville, Albemarle County, Virginia. It was built between 1820 and 1840, and is a 1 and 1/2-story, hall and parlor plan frame Federal-style dwelling. The house received a series of additions during the second half of the 20th century, more than doubling its size. Also on the property is a contributing smokehouse. The property also includes a family cemetery with Victorian iron fence. In 1836, the property was purchased by Peter Field Jefferson, grandnephew of the president.
The property is located in the Scottsville Historic District, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
References
External links
John Scott House, Jackson Street, Scottsville, Albemarle County, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Capturing Our Heritage, Mount Walla entry with the Scottsville Museum
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1840
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Virginia
Dicky Firasat (born July 16, 1981 in Bandung, West Java) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League.
References
External links
1981 births
Association football forwards
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Arema F.C. players
Persela Lamongan players
Persib Bandung players
Persibo Bojonegoro players
Indonesian Premier Division players
Persikab Bandung players
Sportspeople from Bandung
Eois mixosemia is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Borneo.
References
Moths described in 1926
Eois
Moths of Borneo
Robert R. Phillips (April 10, 1925 – November 5, 2018) was an American film and television actor.
Life and career
Phillips was born in Chicago, Illinois. They were a self-defense instructor while Phillips served in the United States Marine Corps, in which they served in World War II and later played football for the Chicago Bears and the Washington Redskins. Phillips was also a police officer at Los Angeles Police Department and Illinois State Police. They were a personal bodyguard of the 31st Governor of Illinois, Adlai Stevenson II. Phillips began their film and television career in the 1950s, in which a film producer told them to become an actor.
Phillips attended at an acting school, where they had studied about acting. They retired from being a police officer, in 1963. In their film and television career, Phillips was preferred as a "tough guy", in which they were frequently hired by studios to appear on Lee Marvin's films in Hollywood, California, including The Killers (1964) and Cat Ballou (1965). They also appeared in two films with actor Richard Jaeckel: The Gun Runners (1958) and The Dirty Dozen (1967). Their other film roles included appearances in Dimension 5 (1966), Hour of the Gun (1967), Mackenna's Gold (1969), Slaughter (1972), The Slams (1973), I Escaped from Devil's Island (1973), The Dion Brothers (1974), Capone (1975, as Bugs Moran), Mitchell (1975), Mean Johnny Barrows (1975), The Killing of a Chinese Bookie (1976) and Walking Tall: Final Chapter (1977). Robert also guest-starred in numerous television programs including Star Trek: The Original Series (in the episode "The Cage"), Gunsmoke, The Rockford Files, Bonanza, The Dukes of Hazzard, The Wild Wild West, Rawhide, Mission: Impossible, The High Chaparral, Mannix, The Fall Guy and Planet of the Apes. Their last credit was for the western television series Bordertown.
Death
Phillips died in November 5, 2018, at the age of 93.
References
External links
Rotten Tomatoes profile
1925 births
2018 deaths
Male actors from Chicago
American male film actors
American male television actors
20th-century American male actors
American police officers
Players of American football from Chicago
Chicago Bears players
Washington Redskins players
Bodyguards
Los Angeles Police Department officers
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Squaloraja polyspondyla is an extinct chimaerid from the Lower Jurassic of Europe. Fossils of S. polyspondyla have been found in Lower Jurassic-aged marine strata of Lyme Regis, England, and Osteno, Italy.
Individuals of S. polyspondyla are characterized by their flattened, ray-like bodies, enormous, flattened rostra that comprise half of the bodylength, and, in males, a long, horn-like process.
See also
List of prehistoric cartilaginous fish
References
Chimaeriformes
Prehistoric cartilaginous fish genera
Jurassic cartilaginous fish
Jurassic fish of Europe
Temmie Ovwasa (born 29 November 1996) popularly known as YBNL princess, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and artist. They signed a record deal with YBNL Nation in August 2015 but left the label in 2020 after having a disagreement with the label owner Olamide. Ovwasa is openly lesbian and non-binary. In 2020, they dropped the first openly gay album in Nigeria.
Early life
Ovwasa was born on November 29, 1996 in Ilorin, to a father from Delta state and mother from Osun state. They had their basic education at Grace Christian Schools and their secondary school education at Dalex Royal College, both in Ilorin Kwara state. They studied Medical Anatomy at Ladoke Akintola University of Technology.
Music career
They started singing at an early age of eight when they wrote their first song and was part of their church choir and due to their musical talent, their mother gave them their first guitar when they were 12. They shot to limelight in 2015 when Olamide reached out to them via Instagram and was then signed to YBNL record label which earned them the name YBNL princess and left YBNL after disagreement with the label boss.
Discography
Album
E be like say dem swear for me (2020)
Singles
Afefe (2016)
Jabole (2016)
Bamidele (2017)
Holy Water (2018)
Osunwemimo (2020)
Elejo wewe (2020)
References
Living people
Nigerian singer-songwriters
1996 births
Lesbian musicians
Non-binary musicians
LGBT people from Nigeria
LGBT rights activists from Nigeria
Below are the squads for the 24th Arabian Gulf Cup in Qatar in 2019.
Group A
Qatar
Coach: Félix Sánchez Bas
United Arab Emirates
Coach: Bert van Marwijk
Yemen
Coach: Sami Hasan Al Nash
Iraq
Coach: Srecko Katanec
Group B
Oman
Coach: Erwin Koeman
Saudi Arabia
Coach: Herve Renard
Kuwait
Coach: Thamer Enad
Bahrain
Coach: Hélio Sousa
References
External links
Official site
squads
International association football competitions hosted by Qatar
Our Father Who Art in the Tree is a 2002 debut novel by Australian writer Judy Pascoe. It is written from the perspective of 10-year-old Simone who believes their late father is living in the tree in their backyard.
The novel was reissued as Our Father Who Art in a Tree in the United States and Canada; and after the 2010 film adaptation directed by Julie Bertuccelli, it was reprinted as The Tree by Murdoch Books.
Translations
Japanese:
Traditional Chinese:
German:
French:
Swedish:
Czech:
Italian:
Simplified Chinese:
Film adaptation
Our Father Who Art in the Tree has been adapted into a 2010 feature film entitled The Tree by writer/director Julie Bertuccelli and stars Charlotte Gainsbourg. It was filmed in Boonah, Queensland and is an official French/Australian co-production between Les Films du Poisson and Taylor Media, with Yaël Fogiel and Sue Taylor (Producer) as co-producers. The film was shown at the 2010 New Zealand International Film Festival as well as the Chicago International Film Festival.
References
External links
Reading Group Guides
Goodreads
Read first chapter at Amazon.co.uk
judypascoe.com
Book interview with Judy Pascoe
Long interview with Judy Pascoe
Book review
American publisher's page of the book
(0-375-75987-5)
French publisher's page of the book
Inside Film and Television
Film adaptation
2002 Australian novels
Novels by Judy Pascoe
Australian novels adapted into films
2002 debut novels
Saulo Ferreira Silva (born 20 April 1995), commonly known as Saulo, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Botafogo
Campeonato Carioca: 2018
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Belo Horizonte
Brazilian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Sport Club do Recife players
Amylin Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company based in San Diego, CA, that was founded in 1987. The company was engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of drug candidates for the treatment of diabetes, obesity and other diseases. Amylin produced three drugs: Symlin (pramlintide acetate), Byetta (exenatide) and Bydureon (exenatide extended-release).
History
1987-1992: Founding and IPO
In 1987, Amylin Pharmaceuticals was co-founded by Howard E. Greene Jr., former CEO of San Diego biotech pioneer Hybridtech, to develop a treatment for diabetes from a synthetic analog of amylin. Amylin was discovered by researchers at Oxford University earlier that year. Greene served as CEO from 1987 to 1996. Amylin completed its IPO in 1992.
1992 - 1998: Invention of Pramlintide & Partnership with Johnson & Johnson
Amylin, in its natural form, is sticky—it clumps on needles and forms little rocks in the pancreas. Researchers first had to create a synthetic version that they could work with more easily and reliably. The inventors at Amylin Pharmaceuticals—Laura Gaeta, Howard Jones, and Elisabeth Albrecht—altered amino acids in the molecule and created a new drug named pramlintide.
In 1995, Amylin Pharmactietucals signed an agreement with Johnson & Johnson's LifeScan division to further develop pramlintide. A Phase II study made public in January 1997 showed pramlintide was safe to mix with leading short-acting and intermediate-acting commercial insulin products, with preliminary results suggesting it might improve glucose control.
Initial Phase III trial results released in August 1997 showed pramlintide did show statistically significant results for type 1 (juvenile-onset) diabetes, helping modestly to improve glucose control without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) while also improving weight and cholesterol levels. But adult-onset type 2 diabetes affects far more people than type 1, and pramlintide showed significant benefits only at 6 months but not after 12 months. In March 1998, seven months before the next trial data were due, J&J discontinued its partnership with Amylin.
1998 - 2005: New Leadership, Struggle to Launch Pramlintide (Symlin), Development of Byetta (Exenatide)
Joseph C. Cook Jr., a 28-year veteran at Eli Lilly & Co. and an Amylin board member since 1994, came out of retirement in 1998 to help the company recover its footing, taking the title of chief executive officer. Cook reduced the company's workforce by 75 percent to conserve cash and raised capital from investors to keep Symlin (pramlintide's commercial name) moving through the regulatory pipeline.
Symlin (Pramlintide)
In October 2001, Amylin received an approvable letter for Symlin from the FDA, requiring additional clinical data addressing concerns of severe hypoglycemia in type 1 diabetics for approval. In December 2003, the FDA issued a second approvable letter requesting further clinical data to identify a patient population and method of use for Symlin where there is no increased risk of significant hypoglycemia or where there is an added benefit that clearly counterbalances any potential for increases in episodes of hypoglycemia. In March 2005, Symlin was approved by the FDA for use in diabetics who have difficulty maintaining glycemic control.
Byetta (Exenatide)
In October 1996, Dr. John Eng licensed their discovery, exendin-4 to Amylin. Dr. Eng discovered exendin-4 in the venom of a Gila monster. Exendin-4 is similar to the human gut hormone GLP-1, which is responsible for regulating insulin and glucagon release. Unlike human GLP-1, however, exendin-4 doesn't degrade for hours, making it a much better candidate for a drug. Amylin developed exenatide, a synthetic version of exendin-4. In 2002, Eli Lilly signed an agreement with Amylin for $325 million to partner in development of exenatide. In May 2005, Byetta (commercial name for exenatide) was approved in the United States.
2005 - 2009: Development of Bydureon, Proxy Battle
2011 - 2012: End of collaboration with Eli Lilly and Acquisition
In July 2012, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced it would acquire Amylin Pharmaceuticals for $5.3 billion. As part of the acquisition, AstraZeneca made a $3.4 billion cash payment to make Amylin a wholly owned subsidiary within the existing BMS/AZ joint venture in diabetes. In April 2013, Bristol-Myers Squibb announced it would close Amylin's San Diego operations by the end of 2014 and merge the Amylin manufacturing facility in West Chester, Ohio and all field-based sales personnel into Bristol-Myers Squibb operations.
In December 2013, AstraZeneca purchased the Bristol-Myers Squibb share of the diabetes joint venture, and as a result, became the sole owner of all former Amylin products and business, including the manufacturing facility in West Chester, Ohio.
On February 4, 2014, the U.S. FDA approved Myalept (metreleptin), an analog of human leptin, as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metraleptin was originally developed at Amylin Pharmaceuticals. In November 2014, Aegerion Pharmaceuticals made a $325 million cash payment to AstraZeneca to acquire and commercialize metreleptin.
References
External links
Pharmaceutical companies disestablished in 2012
Defunct pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Companies based in San Diego
Health care companies based in California
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Biotechnology companies established in 1987
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1987
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
Life sciences industry
Biopharmaceutical companies
1992 initial public offerings
2012 mergers and acquisitions
Bristol Myers Squibb
AstraZeneca
The Hibbert Journal was a large, quarterly magazine in softback book format, issued since 1902 by the Hibbert Trust, best described by its subtitle: A Quarterly Review of Religion, Theology and Philosophy. In the early years it was published by Williams and Norgate, 14 Henrietta Street, London, with the U.S. Agent being Sherman, French & Co,. 6 Beacon Street, Boston, Mass. The subscription c. 1911 was "Ten Shillings per annum, post free." It ceased publication in 1968.
Editorial Board and Key Persons associated with the Journal
In its early years, The Hibbert Journal was edited by L. P. Jacks. A number of eminent people contributed to the production of the Journal; Knights and Lords, professors, philosophers, senior clergy and academics:
Professor William James
Sir Oliver Lodge
C.W Stubbs, Bishop of Truro
Sir Edward Russell of Liverpool
Notes
External links
Volumes 1-12 of The Hibbert Journal (electronic scans of first 36 issues)
1902 establishments in the United Kingdom
1968 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Religious magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1902
Magazines disestablished in 1968
Ore miners working on the Marquette Iron Range (located in the United States' Upper Peninsula of Michigan) went on strike in July 1865, shortly after the end of the American Civil War. They were put down by a naval detachment from the USS Michigan, using an improvised armored train, and later with an army detachment from Chicago.
Prelude: 1864
During the United States' Civil War, high demand meant the price of iron had significantly increased. Knowing this, the miners forced the mining companies to raise their wages in 1864. The problem was not solved, as the dockworkers, who were paid significantly less than the miners, struck for higher wages. Cleveland Iron Mining Company officials near the capital requested troops from Michigan's governor, believing that the war's demand for iron would override social concerns for the workers. They were correct; a United States Navy gunboat, Michigan, and a troop contingent were sent to the area. Their arrival was instrumental in quashing the strike.
Strike: 1865
The wartime demand quickly abated after the war's end in April 1865, and the many returning soldiers increased the labor pool. When combined, this meant that Cleveland and other nearby companies felt justified in announcing a wage cut on Saturday, July 1, 1865. The miners grudgingly accepted the cuts, but the dockworkers refused their wage cut and the companies gave into their demands. This galvanized the miners, and 1500 to 2000 of them marched on the mines and the town of Marquette, looting, burning, and destroying equipment they came across. Two days later, Michigan and its crew arrived in Marquette's harbor as part of a routine sweep of Lake Superior for Confederate activity.
The captain of Michigan, Lieutenant Commander Francis A. Roe, had fought through the war in various capacities, including directing a fight between their Sassacus and a Confederate ram, Albemarle. On appraising the situation, they quickly moved to end the strike. They mounted two of the ship's guns on a railroad car, fitted it with metal to act as armor, and enlisted a steam engine to push it with a full landing party. All were armed and most were veterans of the war, as opposed to the miners, who had little to no combat experience. They recounted the incident months later:
After Michigans departure, the miners struck again and were put back down by a returning Michigan and the 8th Regiment of the Veteran Reserve Corps, brought up by rail from Chicago.
Footnotes
Endnotes
References
Reynolds, Terry S. and Virginia P. Dawson. Iron Will: Cleveland Cliffs and the Mining of Iron Ore, 1847-2006. Detroit: Wayne State University Press, 2011.
Rodgers, Bradley A. "The Naval Suppression of Michigan's Upper Peninsula Mining Strikes of 1865." Extract from master's thesis, East Carolina University, 1990.
Further reading
Reynolds, Terry S. "Calm or Conflicted: Labor-Management Relations on the Michigan Iron Ranges in the Nineteenth Century." Michigan Historical Review 33, no. 2 (Fall 2007): 1–45.
Rodgers, Bradley A. Guardian of the Great Lakes: The U.S. Paddle Frigate Michigan. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 1996.
———. "Deliverance by Sea: Michigan's Peninsula War of 1865." Michigan History 73, no. 6 (Nov–Dec 1989): 16–21.
Mining in Michigan
Upper Peninsula of Michigan
1865 in Michigan
1865 labor disputes and strikes
Abid Khan is a British film director of Pakistani heritage. Their first feature Granada Nights was released in the UK in June 2021. The Guardian felt that "in a post-Brexit world, the film and its host of international characters will certainly make the audience pine for the once robust Erasmus programme." Rachel Brook, in One Room with a View, said: "his expat exploits make for infectious fun and the film hits its stride as they do." Franglais27 Tales called it "a charming, beautifully poetic directional debut ... that will certainly leave it's mark on audiences". Despite the COVID-19 pandemic and average reviews, it obtained a release in the UK. Khan references the work of Richard Linklater and their Before trilogy as one of the film's inspirations. Daniel Battsek (head of Film4) awarded Abid Khan's debut as Winner of Best Film at Barnes Film Festival 2020 and a "director to watch".
At sixteen, they became an usher at a small, local cinema, where they "discovered a love for cinema and visual aesthetics". This "passion" led to a BSc in multimedia at Manchester Metropolitan University in 2002, followed by an MA degree and the formation of EyeFive Ltd., a film production and digital design company.
They freelanced for fourteen years as a digital designer/art director for advertising agencies: "I storyboarded, designed, directed, edited and produced worldwide campaigns for clients such as Universal Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures, Time Magazine, Nike, ASOS, Cannon, Lacoste and Mercedes-Benz."
They have worked in Alabama, Charleston, Berlin, NYC, London, Granada and Islamabad. They say that: "these global experiences have given me valuable insights into other cultures and visual aesthetics which has shaped my vision and allowed me to create stories about self-discovery, rebellion, exploration and identity in a multi-cultural society."
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British film directors
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
Place of birth missing (living people)
British people of Pakistani descent
Tribute Games is an independent video game development studio located in Montreal, Quebec. It was founded on 9 May 2011 by former Ubisoft employees Jonathan Lavigne, Jean-Francois Major and Justin Cyr who, amongst other games, have worked on Scott Pilgrim vs. the World: The Game and TMNT.
Games
Games developed and published
Games developed
Games published
References
External links
Official site
Facebook
Twitter
2011 establishments in Quebec
Video game companies of Canada
Video game development companies
Video game publishers
Companies based in Montreal
Privately held companies of Canada
Canadian companies established in 2011
Video game companies established in 2011
Indie video game developers
Alex Hoberg (born 27 November 2001) is an Australian sport shooter. In 2017, they won the gold medal in the men's 10 meter air rifle event at the 2017 Commonwealth Shooting Championships held in Brisbane, Australia.
In 2018, they represented Australia at the 2018 Commonwealth Games held in Gold Coast, Australia and they finished in 4th place in the men's 10 metre air rifle event. In the same year, they also represented Australia at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. In 2019, they won three gold medals, two silver medals and one bronze medal at the 2019 Oceania Shooting Championships held in Sydney, Australia.
Hoberg represented Australia at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. They competed in the men's 10 metre air rifle and mixed 10 metre air rifle team events. They did not score sufficient points in either event to advance past qualification. Detailed results can be found in Australia at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Living people
2001 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Australian male sport shooters
Shooters at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Shooters at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Australia
21st-century Australian people
The Christian Community of New Hutterian Brethren at () was a Hutterite colony of the Dariusleut branch in Japan. It was located near village in Nasu District, Tochigi. The members of the colony were ethnic Japanese.
History
Background
Buddhists have a long tradition of communal living and there are several Buddhist communities in Japan. Therefore, the idea of communal living was not totally uncommon for Japanese Christians. The founders of Colony wanted to establish communal living modeled after the Buddhist commune, but based on Christian principles.
In the 1950s, the United Church of Christ, led by , began communal living in . Lacking an organisational model, the Church studied kibbutzim in Israel, but abandoned this model of structure for that of the North American Hutterites, who they established contact with through the Dariusleut Wilson Siding Colony near Lethbridge, Alberta. The Church quickly adopted many aspects of the Hutterite way of life, including their European-style dress, which briefly became fashionable within the city of following its adoption by the Church.
In 1972, the Church decided to move out of 's urban environment in order to further develop its Hutterite principles. The Colony proper was founded, with the group establishing the colony on six acres of land under the leadership of and with the financial assistance of the Wilson Colony in Alberta.
Colony
The colony developed a broad base of agricultural activities, growing twenty different crops including wheat, soy beans, potatoes, apples, raspberries and carrots, for both commercial and their own use; as a result, the colony was effectively self-sufficient. The colony also produces bread, plum wine and has a fresh water spring providing access to potable water year round. During the 1970s, the colony accepted contract work assembling television components, but discontinued this practice by 1977 because of the imposed deadlines interfering with Colony life.
Throughout the 1970s, there were strong ties between the Japanese and Canadian colonies, with letters being exchanged twice a month and published in 's biweekly journal, (Vineyard). and other colonists made frequent trips to the Wilson Colony in Alberta to learn more about the Hutterite way of life, with and their wife being baptized there in 1975 in a Japanese language ceremony by John Würz, the colony's head minister. After themselves was ordained there as a Hutterite minister in 1977, they were able to baptize the rest of the colonists in Japan. In 1977, the possibility of , a young unmarried female member of the Colony, marrying a Canadian Hutterite who could eventually take over the Colony was discussed, but this idea was dropped. continued to be the most active single conduit between Japan and Canada, even learning German and teaching Reverend Wurz the limited Japanese for their baptism of in 1975.
died in 1983 of a brain hemorrhage during the reconstruction of 's church, with taking over as their successor.
Doctrine
In the early days, there was greater adherence to conservative Dariusleut doctrine, with colonists living an austere lifestyle – this was often learned firsthand, as many founding Ōwa members lived for extended periods in Hutterite colonies in North America, including Wilson Colony. This caused some friction, with member Katizum Tamura pushing for a more modernistic approach to life, against the inclinations of the conservative First Minister Reverend Izeki. This eventually lead to Tamura and their family leaving the colony with their wife and three children.
Despite this, by 2009 a less strict lifestyle had steadily been adopted, more reminiscent of the liberal Schmiedeleut Hutterite branch than the founding conservative Dariusleut tradition; this is reflected in the organizational structure, and also personal choices such as the wearing of wristwatches, the discarding of traditional Hutterite headgear for both men and women, and women's wearing of trousers for work – something which would be unthinkable in North American Hutterite colonies. This has been speculated to be a consequence of the Colony's gender imbalance, which heavily favors women.
In some areas, however, the Ōwa Colony's lifestyle significantly deviates even from the most liberal trends of some North American Hutterite colonies. For example, public access to a television and DVD player for all members, church services being held only once a week instead of once a day, and sending children to a local school instead of educating them on the Colony, which has been described as "The greatest difference between Ōwa Colony and the North American colonies".
Population
In 1971 the group that would form Ōwa Colony had 19 members (4 men, 11 women and 4 children). The population would peak in 1981 with about thirty members, from where it steadily declined. Despite early hopes of establishing a self-sustaining population, children born into the Ōwa Colony later married outside the community and left. Some of these adults born into the Colony still continue as members of the Hutterite Church, and occasionally contribute labour, remaining in contact with their families on the Colony, but do not live communally themselves. By 2010 there were 9 members (7 still living in the community), mostly elderly people. The demographic outlook of the Ōwa Colony has been described as "grim", and "destined for extinction", mirroring a nationwide Japanese trend of low fertility and an aging population. After the death of Rev. Fumio "Joseph" Kikuta, their wife Yukio became the last spokesperson of the community. Eventually Ōwa Colony was disbanded on December 31, 2019.
References
Literature
Shimazaki, Hiroshi Tanaka: The Emergence of Japanese Hutterites, Japan Review, 2000, 12, pages 145-164.
Lehr, John C.: Owa: a Dariusleut Hutterite colony in Japan in Prairie Perspectives: Geographical Essays (Vol: 13), Winnipeg 2010, pages 30–38.
Hutterite communities
Hutterite
Protestantism in Japan
Erling Rønneberg (9 September 1923 – 8 July 2008) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Biography
They were born at Ålesund as the second son of Alf Rønneberg (1894–1969) and Anna Sandberg (1894–1987). They were a grandnephew of Anton Johan Rønneberg. Their brother Joachim Rønneberg (1919–2018) was a well-known resistance member.
During the German occupation of Norway (1940–1945) Erling Rønneberg was a member of the Norwegian resistance movement. They were an agent with British commando training. They went to Great Britain and was trained as a radio telegraphist in the Secret Intelligence Service. In 1944 they established the SIS radio station Haga on Torholmen north of Ålesund.
In 1953 Erling Rønneberg moved to Ski in Follo, Norway. They became chief administrative officer (rådmann) there in 1963, and was also mayor from 1958. They retired in 1990.
In 1983 they published the memoirs Fra 9.april 1940 til 7.mai 1945. In 1995 they contributed to the anthology Vi valgte det vi ikke kjente.
References
1923 births
2008 deaths
Norwegian resistance members
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Mayors of places in Akershus
People from Ski, Norway
Erling
Holmboe family
Politicians from Ålesund
The Burke Group is a U.S.-based international management consulting firm. Formally known as Burke International and founded in 1982 by Steven J Burke Sr., the company has headquarters in Canberra, Australia; Casper, Wyoming, United States; Los Angeles, United States and London, United Kingdom.
The Burke Group describes itself as an "international leader" in guiding management during union recognition campaigns. It provides commercial services to private and public employers. Services are also offered toward business development and leadership training.
Critics of The Burke Group call the firm's practices professional union busting.
The CEO and President is Dallas J Weatherill. Weatherill is an Australian politician who served as the fourth chairperson. They were given 100% of the Burke Group in 2017.
Business
The Burke Group Labor assists employers in union busting. According to its U.S. website, employees considering a trade union:
"Employees want and deserve to hear both pro employer and pro union arguments in order to make an informed choice before voting in a union election. A union organizer is experienced at running a union membership campaign whereas employers have little if any experience on how to respond to them when this activity presents itself. Once union activity becomes apparent, employers generally seek TBG and/or legal counsel in order to be better able to respond accurately and lawfully to employees."
Although their business has reportedly been international in scope since its inception, their services increased in the EU "after the Employee Relations Act 1999 (ERA 1999) was established in June 2000 and triggered new procedures related to trade union recognition and ballot elections". UK employers may seek the services of labor relations consultants such as The Burke Group and/or legal counsel to assist them thru the new law's complexities regarding automatic recognition or subsequent ballot elections. "Human Rights Watch does not take the position that employer silence is required under international standards. Rather, non-interference is required by international standards." As stated by Dr. John Logan: "Britain has a “hybrid” system of union recognition: employers can recognize the union without a demonstration of majority support, or, if the employers refuse voluntary recognition, the Central Arbitration Committee can recognize the union on the basis of documentary evidence of union membership or by holding a ballot election."
When direct communications known as third party persuading are requested, The Burke Group recommends its U.S. clients work with Labor Information Services, where David J Burke is also CEO. This service provides workers a chance to talk "directly" with professional consultants during organizing campaigns which allows questions and answers from sources other than professional union organizers. "Direct communications with employees during union activity must be conducted in strict accordance with the definitions and guidelines provided within the Landrum-Griffin Act known as the Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act passed by the U.S. Congress in 1959. It requires detailed reporting of all monies paid for third party activities be provided via Form LM10 which is later posted for public record."
According to their webpage, Labor Information Services is necessary because "the increase of non English speaking workers throughout U.S. industries has made communications (third party persuading) to a company's workforce a major challenge. The supervisors and managers at most companies are not bi-lingual, they do not know the law (National Labor Relations Act) nor can they be expected to answer employee questions in the short time frame of a union organizing campaign." Labor Information Services consultants are fluent in English, Spanish, Tagalog, French, Portuguese, Vietnamese, and a number of varieties of Chinese.
AFL-CIO and TUC Agreement on anti-union activities of U.S. firms
A report released in 2008 called "US Union Avoidance Consultants: A Threat to the Rights of British Workers" commissioned by the Trades Union Congress (UK) to coincide with their joint announcement with the AFL-CIO (USA) of their campaign to thwart employer efforts which they claimed "demonise trade unions and scare employees from joining up." The campaign criticised companies which employ consultancies during recognition campaigns and ballot elections. The report examined tactics allegedly used by U.S. consultants and law firms, including detailed descriptions of Burke Group and clients in the UK.
In response, a Burke Group press release noted, the "report was biased and misleading based on subjective partisan research for which no request has ever been made to TBG nor its clients to review the veracity of the statements/conclusions contained therein before going to print."
Trademark issues
Burke International acquired and enforced the US trademark for rooibos, despite it being a common name for the herb in the region, and used it to extort money from tea cafés and online sellers of the herbal tea from 2001 to 2005, demanding US$5000 each time. Burke acquired the trademark from retiring former client Annique Theron, and was met with a lawsuit and contesting trademark from Rooibos Limited in 2002. Discontent with Burke's aggressive enforcement on the trademark, other tea distributors and retailers supported Rooibos Limited in the lawsuit, leading to a settlement which dissolved the trademark in 2005.
Cable and Wireless Case Study
In May 2007, the Communication Workers Union in the UK petitioned Cable and Wireless for "automatic recognition" of their Field Service team by filing form 1A which defines and describes the potential unit to the Central Arbitration Committee. After review, the Central Arbitration Committee sanctioned the unit. However Cable and Wireless Worldwide decided to challenge the decision due to the relatively small size of the unit and concerns about potential fragmentation.
In August 2007, reps employed by the Communication Workers Union were assigned at Cable and Wireless to provide guidance to employees regarding joining their union. Cable and Wireless also employed reps to provide guidance to Cable and Wireless management. But according to an article in The Guardian, the Communication Workers Union expressed "shock" saying that such hiring "can only lead to an atmosphere of bitterness and resentment."
In April 2008, after a review of the “appropriate bargaining unit”, the Central Arbitration Committee ordered a workforce ballot election process (as opposed to automatic recognition) as the best way to decide the most appropriate form of representation. The subsequent ballot election resulted in a 92% turnout of the Cable and Wireless Field Services team where 77% voted against the Communication Worker's Union as their representative for collective bargaining.
In May 2009, to dispute the outcome of the ballot election, the Communication Workers Union filed a complaint to the Central Arbitration Committee and The Joint Committee on Human Rights. Annotated from evidence presented at the hearing: “The Burke Group (TBG) was engaged by Cable and Wireless to advise them on the statutory recognition process because it was complex and unfamiliar to Cable and Wireless. TBG helped Cable and Wireless to implement a 'fact-based' approach to the ballot process which enabled managers to inform their teams about the union recognition process and what it would mean for them. The Burke Group did not engage directly with employees in the bargaining unit, and they supported the ballot process. Both Cable and Wireless and the Communication Workers Union had equal access to employees and colleagues during the 20 day ballot process.”
Notes
Management consulting firms of the United States
International management consulting firms
Consulting firms established in 1982
Companies based in Los Angeles
Labour law
Labor relations organizations
1982 establishments in California
Rashtreeya Vidyalaya Road is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the 5th and 8th Block of Jayanagar area of Bangalore, India. It was opened to the public on 18 June 2017. It is also going to be the starting station for the upcoming Yellow Line.
Station layout
Entry/Exits
There are 2 Entry/Exit points – A and B. Commuters can use either of the points for their travel.
Entry/Exit point A: Towards Jayanagar 5th Block side
Entry/Exit point B: Towards Jayanagar 7th/8th Blocks side with wheelchair accessibility
See also
Bangalore
List of Namma Metro stations
Transport in Karnataka
List of metro systems
List of rapid transit systems in India
References
External links
Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. (Official site)
UrbanRail.Net – descriptions of all metro systems in the world, each with a schematic map showing all stations.
Namma Metro stations
Railway stations in India opened in 2017
2017 establishments in Karnataka
Railway stations in Bangalore
Khamsom is a village in Senapati district, Manipur, India. The predominant inhabitants belong to Poumai Naga tribe.
Cities and towns in Senapati district
Do or Die is a studio album by the American rock band Burn. After releasing a handful of EPs throughout their nearly 30-year lifespan, Do or Die is Burn's first full-length studio album since forming in 1989. It was released on September 8, 2017 through Jacob Bannon's (Converge) indie label Deathwish Inc. Do-or-Die features founding members vocalist Chaka Malik and guitarist Gavin Van Vlack, along with new members drummer Abbas Muhammad and bassist Tyler Krupsky. It was produced by Converge guitarist Kurt Ballou and mastered by Howie Weinberg.
Burn promoted Do or Die with an online stream of "Ill Together" in July 2017 followed by the title track "Do or Die" in August 2017. The band supported Do or Die with an October 2017 United States tour with Comeback Kid and Jesus Piece.
Track listing
"Fate" – 2:28
"Ill Together" – 4:31
"Flame" – 3:34
"Beauty" – 2:57
"Dead Identity" – 2:31
"Do or Die" – 3:57
"Last Great Sea" – 6:28
"New Morality" – 3:04
"Unfuck Yourself" – 4:35
"Climb Out" – 3:29
References
External links
Do or Die on Bandcamp
2017 albums
Albums produced by Kurt Ballou
Deathwish Inc. albums
Manoa Thompson (born 11 June 1968) is a Fijian former professional rugby league footballer. Primarily playing as a , they played their first grade career with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Western Suburbs Magpies, and the Auckland Warriors in the NSWRL / ARL competition, as well as playing in the Super League for the Warrington Wolves. They represented the Fijian national team.
Thompson is the father of former professional NRL, NFL, and rugby sevens player, Jarryd Hayne.
Early years
Thompson was born in Fiji to a Fijian mother, Elenoa Tokalautawa, and an Australian father, and moved to Australia when they were 11. They were adopted by their mother's younger sister, Ana Waqanibaravi Thompson. They played their junior football with the Alexandria Rovers. Thompson also played rugby union and toured Japan with a New South Wales schoolboys side that included Graham Mackay and Scott Gourley.
Playing career
Thompson joined the South Sydney Rabbitohs, where they played in their champion under-21 side before playing in their under-23 side. They made their first grade début for Souths in round 11 of the 1989 season.
Thompson went on to play 61 first grade games for Souths between 1989 and 1993. They spent 1994 with the Western Suburbs Magpies, playing in only seven matches after having knee and ankle surgery during the off season. In 1995 they were part of the inaugural squad for the new Auckland Warriors franchise and played in the centres for the Warriors in their first ever competition game, a 25-22 loss to the Brisbane Broncos in front of 29,220 fans at the Ericsson Stadium in Auckland. However, they again only played in seven matches and was not retained for the 1996 season.
In November 1995 Thompson signed with English club Warrington and played for the club during 1996's inaugural Super League I. They left Warrington in February 1996 after failing to settle in Britain. Thompson represented Fiji in 1996. Their only appearance saw a 72-4 loss to Great Britain at the Prince Charles Park in Nadi, the score being the record for the largest test win by the Lions.
After returning from England, Thompson trialed with the Canberra Raiders before signing with the Penrith Panthers. However they spent the season in reserve grade and returned to South Sydney during the off season.
After not securing a contract, Thompson moved to France and played for AS Saint Estève before spending a year in rugby union, playing for RC Narbonne alongside David Knox. Thompson then returned to league, spending a season with AS Carcassonne before retiring.
Later years
In 2007 they were working as a delivery driver.  They are still involved in rugby league, sitting on the Australian Fiji rugby league board and helping to coach that organisation's youth sides.
References
External links
South Sydney Profile
1968 births
Living people
AS Carcassonne players
AS Saint Estève players
Fijian emigrants to Australia
Fijian people of Australian descent
Fijian rugby league players
Australian people of I-Taukei Fijian descent
Fiji national rugby league team players
New Zealand Warriors players
Rugby league centres
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Warrington Wolves players
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Edna Schechtman () was an Israeli statistician, a professor emeritus of statistics at the Department of Industrial Engineering and Management, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.  They are best known for development (with Shlomo Yitzhaki) of statistical tools that utilize the Gini Mean Difference (GMD) (also known as the absolute mean difference and mean absolute difference) as the measure of association.
Career
Schechtman completed their PhD in Statistics at Ohio State University in 1980, under the supervision of Douglas Wolfe, on the topic: “A Nonparametric Test for the Changepoint Problem”. In 1996, they joined the Department of Industrial Engineering and Management, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel. They served as the President of the Israel Statistical Association (2009-2011) and was the Head of the Department of Industrial Engineering and Management, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (2012-2015). They also established the Center for Statistical Consulting at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. They were a visiting associate professor at several academic institutions, among them University of Texas, Texas A&M University, New York University and the University of California, Berkeley. They retired from Ben-Gurion University as a Professor Emeritus in 2017.
Research
Schechtman's scientific work combines theoretical research in statistical methodology with applied research. In applied statistics, their research focuses mainly on biostatistics, including studies on Parkinson disease, and road safety. Schechtman's methodological work focuses on measures of association, Gini coefficient for inequality, and stratification of populations. One of their major contributions is the development of a framework which relies on the Gini Mean Difference (GMD) as the measure of variability, instead of the variance. Schechtman has conducted research projects for over 35 years and has published over 120 articles and scientific reports, including the book The Gini Methodology: A Primer on a Statistical Methodology, coauthored with Shlomo Yitzhaki, published in 2013.
Book: The Gini Methodology: A Primer on a Statistical Methodology
First introduced by Corrado Gini in 1912 as an alternative measure of variability, the GMD and its variants (such as the Gini coefficient or the concentration ratio) have been in widespread use in the studies of the income distribution. In their book, Prof. Edna Schechtman and Prof. Shlomo Yitzhaki present GMD statistical tools that replace variance with the GMD and its variants. These new GMD based tools are most justified whenever the researcher cannot conveniently assume a normal distribution of variables under study and used common statistical tools as analysis of correlation, analysis of variance. This makes the GMD and the tools developed by Prof. Edna Schechtman and Prof. Shlomo Yitzhaki of critical importance in the complex research of statisticians, economists, econometricians, and policymakers.
Highly cited articles
1. Schechtman, E. (2002). Odds ratio, relative risk, absolute risk reduction, and the number needed to treat—which of these should we use?. Value in health, 5(5), 431-436.
2. Davison, A., Hinkley, D. V., & Schechtman, E. (1986). Efficient bootstrap simulation. Biometrika, 73(3), 555-566.
3. Local injury to the endometrium doubles the incidence of successful pregnancies in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization
4. Paz-Elizur, T., Krupsky, M., Blumenstein, S., Elinger, D., Schechtman, E., & Livneh, Z. (2003). DNA repair activity for oxidative damage and risk of lung cancer. Journal of the National Cancer Institute, 95(17), 1312-1319.
5. Shinar, D., Schechtman, E., & Compton, R. (2001). Self-reports of safe driving behaviors in relationship to sex, age, education and income in the US adult driving population. Accident Analysis & Prevention, 33(1), 111-116.
Personal life
Schechtman was born in Israel to their parents, Malka and Reuven Ziegler who immigrated from Poland to Israel in 1946 with their brother, Zvi Ziegler. The family settled in Jerusalem and then moved to Haifa in 1948.  They are married to Gideon Schechtman, a Mathematician at the Weizmann Institute of Science, and is a mother to four children and a grandmother to ten.
References
Further reading
External links
Personal website
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Israeli statisticians
1948 births
Ben-Gurion University of the Negev faculty
Ohio State University Graduate School alumni
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
Women statisticians
Living people
Muskego High School is a comprehensive secondary school located in Muskego, Wisconsin. The school, administered by the Muskego-Norway School District, lies in southeast Waukesha County, in southeast Wisconsin. The district stretches through the city of Muskego and nearby Norway in Racine County.
History
Muskego High School was constructed in 1956 at the corner of Woods Road and Racine Ave. Its first elected administrator, Arnold Wicklund, oversaw the school's construction. Prior to the school's construction, many Muskego children attended school in the Milwaukee School District.
In September 2003 the high school was completely remodeled, with added to the building. Facilities that were added include several wings and a performing arts center. A controversial portion of the remodel was the addition of eight 42" flat screen TVs for the cafeteria, and the incorrect placement of the supporting wall of the South Gym, which prevents the bleachers from being able to be pulled out entirely during sporting events. The campus also expanded, with approximately of new athletic fields and green space.
In April 2016, a referendum was passed to add a new artificial turf field to the nearby, district owned stadium, Inpro Field. Along with this referendum, a new set of bleachers and press box were added to the West side of Inpro Field. On the south side of Inpro Field there was a concession stand added with restrooms and the ticket booths. Most of the field was made possible by the Inpro Corporation, with donations from the Muskego Grid Iron Club (booster club) and fundraising in the community of Muskego.
Academics
Transcribed credit courses are offered, which allow students to take classes at the high school while receiving credit at Waukesha County Technical College. Students may participate in the School-To-Work program, which gives students an opportunity to earn classroom credit, gain work experience and get paid at the same time. Muskego also allows students to take Advanced Placement (AP) courses. Students can earn college credit if they pass the AP College Board exam near the end of the school year. Muskego currently has AP courses in many different subject areas, including:
United States History
European History
English Language and Composition
English Literature and Composition
Biology
Calculus AB
Calculus BC
Physics B
Psychology
Spanish Language and Culture
French Language and Culture
German Language and Culture
Music Theory
American Government and Politics
Gender Studies
Muskego High School also participated in the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh C.A.P.P. Program.
Athletics
Muskego High School is a part of the WIAA Classic 8 conference. The Muskego Warriors have 23 sports with over 90 teams. Muskego High School offers the following athletics:
Baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross-country, downhill ski racing, football, golf, gymnastics, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, wrestling, pon pom.
In 2018 the Muskego High School Summer Baseball team, Girls Soccer, Girls Cross Country, Gymnastics, Pon Pom, and Football team won WIAA Division 1 State Championships.
In 2018, the Warriors Football Program won the first state title in school history. Then repeated that reign for the next two years.
Many other athletic programs have won conference champions, regional champions, sectional champions, state runner-ups, and state championships in the past few years.
References
External links
Muskego High School - Muskego High School website
Muskego Warriors football
Muskego Alumni website
Public high schools in Wisconsin
Schools in Waukesha County, Wisconsin
Educational institutions established in 1956
1956 establishments in Wisconsin
This is a complete discography of the hard rock band Tesla. They have released eight full-length studio albums, four live albums, three compilation albums, three video releases, two tribute albums, one extended play album and 23 singles.
Albums
Studio albums
Acoustic albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Tribute and cover albums
Video albums
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
Official discography of Tesla
Discographies of American artists
Rock music group discographies
Heavy metal discographies
Carl Shipp "Speed" Marvel (September 11, 1894 – January 4, 1988) was an American chemist who specialized in polymer chemistry. They made important contributions to U.S. synthetic rubber program during World War II, and later worked at developing polybenzimidazoles, temperature-resistant polymers that are used in the aerospace industry, in fire-fighting equipment, and as a replacement for asbestos. They have been described as "one of the world's outstanding organic chemists" and received numerous awards, including the 1956 Priestley Medal and the 1986 National Medal of Science, presented by President Ronald Reagan.
Early life and education
Carl Shipp Marvel was born on September 11, 1894, in Waynesville, Illinois, U.S., to farmers
John Thomas Marvel and Mary Lucy Wasson Marvel. An uncle urged them to study chemistry. Marvel attended Illinois Wesleyan University from 1911 to 1915. They graduated with an A.B. and M.S. in chemistry. On the recommendation of their advisor, Alfred W. Homberger, Marvel obtained a $250 scholarship to the University of Illinois.
Marvel had to take extra classes to "catch up" during their first year at University of Illinois. They obtained the nickname "Speed" early on in their career as a chemist from their habit of rushing to breakfast after studying all night. While at Illinois, Marvel became a friend of fellow student Wallace Carothers. Marvel received their M.A. in Chemistry from the University of Illinois in 1916.
Marvel's studies were interrupted by World War I. As the war cut off previous sources of supply, it became difficult to obtain many of the chemicals used in synthetic organic chemistry and related industrial processes. Clarence Derick set up the Organic Chemical Manufactures unit at Illinois to make and sell chemicals that had previously been imported from Germany. From 1916 to 1919 Marvel worked at the production unit under Roger Adams. Their work in the Organic Chemical Manufactures unit gave them extensive experience in chemical preparation. Students were required to take careful notebook records of each preparation, including the cost of chemicals, apparatus, and the time needed. Marvel was known for their ability to modify poor procedures to make them more effective, and to describe procedures so that others could follow them. Many of these laboratory procedures were later published, first as pamphlets on Organic Chemical Reagents, by Roger Adams, O. Kamm, and C. S. Marvel, and later in the journal Organic Syntheses.
Marvel was a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon. They were initiated into Alpha Chi Sigma at the Zeta Chapter, University of Illinois, in 1918.
In 1919, Marvel returned to graduate study full-time, supported by a fellowship from DuPont. Marvel received their Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of Illinois in 1920, working with department head William Albert Noyes. Their thesis was A Study of the Possible Asymmetry of Aliphatic Diazo Compounds.
University of Illinois
Marvel joined the Department of Chemistry at the University of Illinois as an instructor, in 1920. They were promoted to associate in 1921, an assistant professor in 1923, an associate professor in 1927, and to Professor of Organic Chemistry in 1930. Until 1940, they also supervised the Organic Chemical Manufactures unit, which became a summer program in which students synthesized difficult-to-obtain specialty chemicals. From 1953 to 1961, Marvel was a research professor in the Department of Chemistry.
Marvel's early research was in classical organic chemistry. They were an enthusiastic contributor to Organic Syntheses. Approximately 20% of the 264 preparations in Collective Volume I of Organic Syntheses were either written or checked by Marvel.
Marvel worked with a wide variety of compounds, including dialkyl mercury, hexa-substituted ethanes, dienynes, alkyl lithium and Grignard reagents, quaternary phosphonium, and ammonium compounds, preparing them and investigating their reactions. They developed organic chemical reagents to be used in the characterization, identification, and analysis of chemical compounds. Much of this research was carried out before techniques such as Infrared spectroscopy or Mass spectrometry were developed: for example, Marvel's exploration of intermolecular hydrogen bonding relied on studying solubilities and heats of mixing.
They soon moved into polymer chemistry, again working on synthesis methods and structure determination. Using techniques such as determinations of elemental analysis, average molecular weight, end-group analysis, and examination of products, Marvel demonstrated a chemical methodology for establishing the principal structural features of polymers. With their ability to improvise and refine new techniques, they made "major fundamental contributions" to the field of polymer science for which they have been recognized as the "father" of synthetic polymer chemistry.
Beginning in 1933, Marvel began studying olefin/sulfur dioxide polymers, determining their structure and examining the effects of initiators such as peroxide or ultraviolet light on polymerization reactions. Examining vinyl polymers in 1937, Marvel was able to demonstrate that polymers prepared from polyvinyl chloride tended to form a head-to-tail structure with chlorine atoms on alternate carbon atoms, confirming the structural ideas of Hermann Staudinger, rather than a head-to-head structure which chlorine atoms on adjacent carbon atoms. This work led in turn to the preparation and polymerization of new monomers. For their work on , α-olefins and vinyl polymers, Marvel received the William H. Nichols Medal from the American Chemical Society in 1944. In the early forties they were one of the first scientists to use optically active monomers and optically active initiators to examine properties of stereoregular polymers.
DuPont Central Research
In 1928, Marvel was recommended by Roger Adams as a consultant for DuPont Central Research. In the course of nearly 60 years, Marvel gave 19,000 individual consultations. When asked to test the finding of English chemist F. E. Matthews that polysulfones could be formed by the reaction of sulfur dioxide and ethylene, Marvel confirmed the finding, using cyclohexene rather than ethylene. They were a close friend as well as a consultant to Wallace Carothers, who was carrying out groundbreaking work on nylon and neoprene at Dupont. Marvel also consulted with Ray C. Houtz, when Houtz was developing a synthetic fiber made from polyacrylonitrile, Orlon.
United States Rubber Reserve
Marvel participated heavily in the U.S. synthetic rubber program when supplies of natural rubber were disrupted during World War II. The availability of rubber was essential to the war effort. Beginning in September 1940, Marvel worked with Section C-2, Synthetic Problems, of Division B of the National Defense Research Committee. In 1941 and 1942 they were chairperson of Section B–3, Synthetic, Analytical, and Inorganic Problems, of the National Defense Research Committee. Between 1942 and 1945 they headed a group of up to 100 chemists at different institutions across the United States for the U.S. Rubber Reserve Corporation. Their work at Illinois on the low-temperature copolymerization of butadiene and styrene was important to the successful commercial production of synthetic rubber. Their group identified thiol as a key to the polymerization process, and targeted polyunsaturated fatty acids, present in soaps used as emulsifiers, as an ingredient that was interfering with polymerization reactions.
In 1946 Marvel went to Germany as one of a technical intelligence team, to report on the state of German rubber technology. They found that German scientists were using a redox polymerization process at 5 °C (41 °F), considerably lower than previous processes. Marvel and their group developed this idea further, creating a cold rubber process for American industry. With their new process, polymerization could be completed in only seven hours.
As a result of their wartime work, Marvel received the President's Certificate of Merit for Civilians in World War II.
Teaching
Marvel is credited, with Roger Adams and Reynold C. Fuson, with making the organic chemistry program at Illinois "preeminent in the United States". As an instructor, Marvel saw the importance of working on essential problems. They also emphasized "that the essential product of academic research was the students." Marvel supervised 176 successful doctoral students, and at least 150 postdoctoral students during their career. Their students included H. E. Carter, Wallace Carothers, George Graves, William J. Sparks, Samuel M. McElvain, Arnold Beckman, and future Nobel Laureates Vincent du Vigneaud and Edwin G. Krebs.
In 1961 Marvel formally "retired" from Illinois, but continued to be a research professor Emeritus from 1961 to 1988. In 1963, they were awarded an Honorary D. Sc. degree from the University of Illinois.
University of Arizona
From 1961 to 1988 Marvel also held the position of Professor in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Arizona. At Arizona, Marvel continued work which they had begun at Illinois, the study of high temperature polymers.
High temperature polymers
Marvel made important advances in the development of high temperature polymers, including polybenzimidazoles and ladder polymers, using techniques of polyaddition and cyclopolymerization.
Marvel was contacted by Wright Patterson Air Force Base in the 1950s, because the U.S. Air Force needed a material suitable for drogue parachutes. They needed a material that would retain its strength when subjected to extremely high temperatures. Researching high-temperature stable polymers, Marvel was the first to synthesize Polybenzimidazole (PBI), a condensation polymer with aromatic and heteroaromatic repeating units. They then worked with Herward Vogel, first at the University of Illinois and later at the University of Arizona, to improve the quality of the polymer and develop Polybenzimidazole fiber. Their best PBI was both nonflammable and stable at temperatures of up to 600 °C. They registered patents for high molecular weight condensation polymers in the 1960s. Because of its thermal and oxidative stability PBI was adopted by NASA in the 1960s for use in aerospace and defense applications. In 1978, PBI began to be used in United States fire service equipment.
Marvel also proposed the development of "ladder molecules" (ladder polymers), next generation polymers that would be even more stable than polybenzimidazoles. Marvel had taken the first steps towards a process for creating ladder-type polymers as early as 1938, when they attempted the cyclization of poly(methyl vinyl ketone). In the 1950s, they outlined a precursor approach to the creation of poly(para-phenylene) (PPP), a particularly difficult process. Marvel's approach contained the key elements of solutions which would not be developed for another thirty years: chain-growth polymerization of a cyclohexadiene monomer, and its subsequent aromatization. Their work is therefore considered "an important milestone in the history of PPP synthesis."
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s they continued to work as a principal contributor to the U.S. Air Force program on high temperature polymer synthesis, including the synthesis of thermally stable ladder or partial ladder polypyrrolones. For their work Marvel was awarded a Distinguished Service Award (1966) by the U.S. Air Force Materials Laboratory and an Award for Outstanding Achievement (1966) by the Air Force Systems Command.
They officially "retired" as a research professor at the University of Arizona in 1978, but still carried on some research, with the help of postdoctoral students, until their death in 1988. The University of Arizona named the "Carl S. Marvel Laboratories of Chemistry" at 1213 E South Campus, Tucson, AZ, in their honor. Marvel Hall, a conference room in the American Chemical Society Building in Washington, D.C., is also named for him.
Publications
Dr. Marvel published nearly 500 articles in scientific journals worldwide, and four books including Introduction to the Organic Chemistry of High Polymers. They served on the editorial board of journals including Macromolecules, the Journal of Organic Chemistry, the Journal of the American Chemical Society, and the Journal of Polymer Science. They also held 52 patents.
An avid birdwatcher throughout their life, Marvel's publications include papers on bird-watching, such as "The Unusual Feeding Habits of the Cape May Warbler" (1948) and "The Blue Grosbeck in Western Ontario" (1950).
Honors and awards
1938 Elected to the National Academy of Sciences
1944 William H. Nichols Medal, American Chemical Society
1945 President of the American Chemical Society
1945 Elected to the American Philosophical Society
1950 Willard Gibbs Medal, American Chemical Society
1955 American Institute of Chemists Gold Medal
1956 Priestley Medal, American Chemical Society
1960 Elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
1964 First recipient, ACS Award in Polymer Chemistry
1964 International Award, Society of Plastics Engineers
1965 Perkin Medal, American Section of the Society of Chemical Industry
1966 Distinguished Service Award, U.S. Air Force Materials Laboratory
1966 Award for Outstanding Achievement, Air Force Systems Command
1967 Chemical Pioneer Award, American Institute of Chemistry
1986 National Medal of Science, presented by President Ronald Reagan
1988 Inducted into the Alpha Chi Sigma Hall of Fame.
Family
Carl Marvel married Alberta Hughes on December 26, 1933. They had two children, Mary Catharine (1935 - 2017) and John Thomas Marvel (1938 -2010). Carl Marvel died on January 4, 1988, John Thomas Marvel married Joyce Strand They y had three sons, Scott Thomas, Chris Andrew and Carl Randall Marvel. Scott Thomas Marvel married Sherry Cone Flusche . They have one daughter, Estelle Marvel, and two step sons, Zane and Carson Flusche. Carl Randall Marvel married Jennifer Price. They had two children, Christian Reed and Brooke Marie Marvel
External links
Audio interview with Carl Shipp Marvel.
References
1894 births
1988 deaths
Organic chemists
20th-century American chemists
Polymer scientists and engineers
National Medal of Science laureates
U.S. Synthetic Rubber Program
Umberto Puppini (16 August 1884, Bologna – 21 May 1946, Bologna) was a minister of the Italian government in the 1930s and a professor of hydraulic engineering.
Puppini grew up as an orphan in poverty, but thanks to financial support from the city of Bologna they were able to study engineering and received their laurea in 1908 from the University of Bologna. There they became in the school of hydraulic engineering an assistant in 1908 and a libero docente in 1912. During WW I were an officer in the artillery corps. After the war, they returned to the University of Bologna and became in hydraulic engineering a professor extraordinarius in 1920 and a professor ordinarius in 1923. From 1927 to 1932 they were director of the school of engineering (Scuola di Applicazione). After the fascist rise to power they were elected as a pro-fascist mayor of Bologna, before the fascist law of 4 February 1926 replaced the elected office of mayor with a fascist-appointed office of mayor. Replacing Costanzo Ciano, they were Undersecretary at the Ministry of Agriculture from 20 June to 30 August 1943. They were then the Minister of Communications from 30 April 1934 to 23 January 1935. They were also president of Agip. During WW II they withdrew from politics and devoted themselves to research. They died of a heart attack in 1949 on their way to give a lecture at the University of Bologna.
 They are best known their hydraulics research, which was important in construction for drainage projects. They studied groundwater flow both theoretically and in electrical models and developed the method of "fluid inclusion volume" when calculating flood discharge by means of drainage ditches. In structural hydraulic engineering they studied the effects of heat on dams and high pressure pipes.
Puppini won the Prix Boileau [Prix Boileau de l'Académie des sciences (Boileau Prize of the French Academy of Sciences)] for the year 1915. They were an Invited Speaker of the ICM in 1924 at Toronto and a Plenary Speaker of the ICM in 1928 at Bologna.
Selected publications
I fondamenti scientifici dell'idraulica, 1912
Idraulica, 1947 (published posthumously)
References
1884 births
1946 deaths
Engineers from Bologna
National Fascist Party politicians
Government ministers of Italy
Mussolini Cabinet
Deputies of Legislature XXVIII of the Kingdom of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XXIX of the Kingdom of Italy
Members of the Chamber of Fasces and Corporations
Mayors of Bologna
University of Bologna alumni
University of Bologna faculty
Italian military personnel of World War I
20th-century Italian engineers
Morgan Martin Endicott-Davies (born 31 January 1974) is an Australian Olympic judo competitor.  They are a multiple-time Australian and New Zealand national judo champion and international medallist in judo.  They are widely known for their uchi mata, taiotoshi, and juji gatame techniques.
Early years
Endicott-Davies' mother is Japanese (from Kyoto) and their father, Ivor Endicott-Davies, came from the small town of Balclutha in New Zealand's South Island. Their father received their 6th dan in judo in 2007.
In 1993—at the age of 19—Endicott-Davies travelled from Australia to Japan with their family and stayed there for one year. Soon after arriving in Japan, they took up judo, learning at Waseda University Judo Club. They received their black belt after twelve months. During their time in Japan, they also learned Japanese.
Career highlights
In 1995, a year after returning to Australia, they won a bronze medal at the Australian national titles.
After cross-training with an All-Japan amateur sumo champion for three years, Endicott-Davies competed at the Sumo World Championships in 1997, winning a bronze medal in the under 85 kg division.
Their first international judo competition followed in 1998 at the Oceania championships, where they won a bronze medal in the under 81 kg division and a silver in the open weight division.
They were a reserve for the Sydney Olympics judo team in 2000.
They won their first Australian National Judo Championships gold medal in 2001, and went on to compete in the Pacific Rim Championships, British Open, Kano Cup (World Level) and then the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, where they placed in the top four.
Olympic Games - Athens 2004
After ten years of a grueling training regime in Australia, Japan, Korea, England and Germany, they won the Oceania championships in 2003, and was selected for the 2004 Australian Olympic judo team. They competed in Athens, finishing ninth. They also represented Australia at the 2005 World Judo Championships in Cairo, where they were unplaced.
In 2008 Morgan was selected to represent Australia in the U/100 kg Division at the 2008 Jigaro Kano Cup in Tokyo, Japan after becoming the Number One Ranked Judoka in Australia in the Under 100 kg Weight Category.
In 2009 Morgan was again selected to represent Australia again in U/100 kg Division the at Pacific Rim Championships in Taipei and the World Championships in the Netherlands.
Current
Morgan is currently an elite member of the Judo Federation of Australia's High Performance Squad and Current Head Coach of the Senior New South Wales Judo Team.
Along with other senior New South Wales black belt instructors, they set up the Black Belt Register (BBR) Judo Academy, a volunteer organisation which has as its objective to provide strong technical instruction to all members in that state.
Morgan and their father founded the Budokan Judo Club in Castle Hill in Sydney.  They are currently the head instructor of Zenbu Judo Club, a club they founded in July 2005. The club trains at two dojos: one situated in Sydney Olympic Park, the other at Terrey Hills, also in Sydney.
Other
Endicott-Davies received a Bachelor of Commerce Degree in Management from the University of Western Sydney in 1998.
Sources
Memoirs of... an Athens judo athlete - jStyle magazine, issue #2. 2007.
Profile of Morgan Endicott-Davies (zenbu.com.au)
References
External links
Zenbu web site
Uchi mata - Morgan Endicott-Davies defeats Graeme Spinks in the open weight final of the NZ National Titles in 2003 (10s video)
Judo Explosive Moves Zenbu Promo (3m32s video)
1974 births
Australian male judoka
Living people
Western Sydney University alumni
Olympic judoka of Australia
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Suben Abbey (Stift Suben) was a monastery of the Augustinian Canons in Suben in Austria.
In around 1050 the fortress that stood on the site, the property of the Counts of Formbach, was turned into a collegiate foundation by Tuta, daughter of Heinrich of Formbach, and wife of King Bela I of Hungary; it was established as a monastery in 1126. It had possessions in the Inn region, in Carinthia, Styria and the Wachau. In 1787 it was dissolved by Emperor Joseph II. The premises later passed into the possession of the Bavarian Field Marshal Prince Karl Philipp von Wrede. Since 1865 they have been used as a prison.
External links
Tuta von Formbach, Queen of Bela I
Prisons in Austria
Augustinian monasteries in Austria
1126 establishments in Europe
1787 disestablishments in Europe
Religious organizations established in the 1120s
Christian monasteries established in the 12th century
Monasteries in Upper Austria
Nikola "Nikki" Špear (; 22 February 1944 – 2 December 2017) was a Yugoslavian international tennis player. Špear won the senior championship of Yugoslavia 1968, 1972, 1973 and 1975. They also organised tennis events in their hometown of Subotica.
They competed in the Davis Cup a number of times, from 1969 to 1975.
They were the coach of Denmark Davis Cup team, the German Fed Cup team and the Davis Cup team of FR Yugoslavia.
Grand Prix/WCT career finals
Doubles: 2 (0–2)
Singles performance timeline
Records
References
External links
Nikola Špear at eurosport.com
1944 births
2017 deaths
Yugoslav male tennis players
Serbian male tennis players
Serbian tennis coaches
Sportspeople from Subotica
The 1950 Victorian state election was held on 13 May 1950.
Retiring Members
Sir Albert Dunstan (Country, Korong) died before the election; no by-election was held.
Liberal and Country
William Everard MLA (Evelyn)
Country
Matthew Bennett MLA (Gippsland West)
Legislative Assembly
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
See also
1949 Victorian Legislative Council election
References
Psephos - Adam Carr's Election Archive
Victoria
Candidates for Victorian state elections
St. Luke AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church at 2803 21st Avenue North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was designed by the pioneering African American Architect Wallace Rayfield. It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The church was significant in the civil rights movement.
See also
St. Luke AME Zion Church - also in Birmingham, also significant in the civil rights movement, and also added to the NRHP in 2005
References
African-American history in Birmingham, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1926
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
African Methodist Episcopal churches in Alabama
1926 establishments in Alabama
Adrian Davies (born 9 February 1969 in Bridgend) is a former Wales international rugby union player. A fly-half, they played for Wales in the 1991 and 1995 Rugby World Cup finals.
References
External links
Clear Partners - current business
profile at scrum.com
Welsh rugby union players
Wales international rugby union players
1969 births
Alumni of Robinson College, Cambridge
Cardiff RFC players
Rugby union players from Bridgend
Rugby union fly-halves
Living people
Vrede is a town in South Africa.
Vrede may also refer to:
"Vrede" (song), a song by Ruth Jacott
People with the surname
Ginty Vrede (1985–2008), Dutch kickboxer
Mitchell te Vrede (born 1991), Dutch footballer
Regillio Vrede (born 1973), Dutch footballer
Vundavalli Arun Kumar (born 4 August 1954) is a Public Speaker, Lawyer, Political Analyst and former Member of Parliament in India. They were elected to the 14th Lok Sabha and 15th Lok Sabha from Rajahmundry constituency ( officially known as Rajamahendravaram ) of Andhra Pradesh. They were a member of the Indian National Congress party.
Early life
Vundavalli Arun Kumar was born in Rajahmundry, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh. Their father Shri Vundavalli Venkata Subba Rao had a Timber Business and was the Founder-President of the Rajahmundry Chamber of Commerce in the year 1944. Their mother Smt. Vundavalli Lakshmi was the Founder-Secretary of the Guild of Service and Indian Red Cross Society, Rajahmundry Branch. They earned their bachelor's degree in Commerce (B.Com) from Government College, Rajahmundry, and also obtained a bachelor's degree in Law (L.L.B) from C.R. Reddy Law College, Eluru.
Career
Jai Andhra Movement
Arun Kumar participated in the 1972 Jai Andhra movement as a student. They run a weekly publication, Eevaram Janavaarta, that covers contemporary political issues.
Public Speaking and Translation
Arun Kumar is well known for their translation expertise and is very good orator and can deliver the exact message to the public. They acted as a translator for Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi and their son Rahul Gandhi whenever they had to address the people of Andhra Pradesh. They were a member of the Congress Working Committee.
Political career
Arun Kumar was known for their public speaking abilities and in 1983 they were noticed by then President, Andhra Pradesh Congress Committee Dr. Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy. With the encouragement and support from Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy in 2004 and 2009, they won the Lok Sabha elections from Rajahmundry. In 2009, they won against two prominent film actors, Telugu Desam Party candidate Murali Mohan the richest actor in Telugu Film Industry and Bhartiya Janata Party candidate U. V. Krishnam Raju the most popular actor in Andhra Pradesh and has great influence in Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh. They held various positions mentioned below
Protest Against Ramoji Rao and Margadarsi Group
Arun Kumar has filed a case against Ramoji Rao and Margadarsi group stating that the group is performing illegal financial activities, the case is in the court and yet the result is to be heard.
Retirement from Election Politics
Vexed with the political scenario in the Indian Parliament, 2014, during the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh State in which their party Indian National Congress did not listen to their concern about the future of the state and moreover the absence of Dr. Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy (died in Sep, 2009) in their life let them step down from election politics forever.
Protest to demand the implementation of AP Reorganisation Act, 2014
After the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh state the government at central was charges with BJP and at state it was taken over by TDP. Both TDP and BJP allied during elections and were of the least concern in implementing the AP reorganisation act, 2014 and construction of Polavaram Project. Vexed with the group politics, Vundavalli Arun Kumar started writing letters to both the governments for explanation and has been demanding for open discussion regarding the same through various platforms and press meets.
Books
Arun Kumar has great concern about the newly formed state Andhra Pradesh and has written a book Vibhajana Katha criticizing both the parties Indian National Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party who ruthlessly divided the state of Andhra Pradesh without providing a proper solution for the newly born state without a capital city. They have been inviting the State Government which is ruled by Telugu Desam Party for discussion regarding the bifurcation act and strategies to be followed during the parliament sessions which the later people don't recognize.
Arun Kumar was a very close associate of then Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy and has been very loyal to them and was heart broken with demise of Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy. Arun Kumar wrote a book Y.S.R THO Undavalli Arun Kumar which was released by former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister K.Rosaiah in which they wrote their experiences with Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy and how Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy could become people's leader.
Personal life
They married Jyothi (his family friend) and has one daughter named Sravanthi. Their mother-in-law asked them to find a pensionable job to which they agreed and has written bank examinations in which they were not successful as they were purely interested in politics only. Their mother in law was satisfied and happy when they became the Member of the Indian Parliament in 2004.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians from Andhra Pradesh
Telugu politicians
India MPs 2009–2014
India MPs 2004–2009
Lok Sabha members from Andhra Pradesh
People from Guntur district
Adolfo Scilingo (born 28 July 1946 in Bahía Blanca) is a former Argentine naval officer who is serving 30 years (the legally applied limit, although they were sentenced to 640 years) in a Spanish prison after being convicted on 19 April 2005 for crimes against humanity, including extra-judicial execution.
Charges
Scilingo was charged under Spain's universal jurisdiction laws by investigating magistrate Baltazar Garzón with genocide, 30 counts of murder, 93 of causing injury, 255 of terrorism and 286 of torture. They denied the charges but initially refused to plead, claiming to be unwell. In 2005 doctors ruled Scilingo was fit to stand trial.
The murder charges related to 30 drugged political prisoners thrown out of government jets during Leopoldo Galtieri's military junta's Dirty War against leftist insurgents between 1976 and 1983. Scilingo had earlier attracted great notoriety for publicly confessing to journalist Horacio Verbitsky in c. 1996, to participating in the so-called death flights, the first of a series of public confessions collectively called in Argentina the 'Scilingo effect' (Feitlowitz 1999). Scilingo was serving a jail term for fraud in Argentina at the time.
Judgement
The court found Scilingo guilty of crimes against humanity and torture and sentenced them to 640 years in jail. 21 years for each for the murder of 30 victims, who were thrown from planes to their deaths, and a further five years for torture and five years illegal detention. Scilingo is unlikely to serve more than 30 years in jail as that is the maximum time a person can serve for non-terrorist offences.
The Spanish case was the first use of a new Spanish law whereby people can be prosecuted for crimes committed outside Spain. Scilingo's confession prompted Argentines residing in Spain to press charges against him. It also led to Chileans living in Spain to file charges against their former dictator, Augusto Pinochet, who was later arrested in Britain at the request of Judge Baltasar Garzón.
On 4 July 2007, the Supreme Court of Spain increased Scilingo's prison sentence to 1084 years (but effective for only 25 years) and altered the conviction to the specific penalties provided in the current criminal code for the crimes of murder and unlawful detention, but held that these crimes "constitute crimes against humanity according to international law".
References
Further reading
Jonathan Mann, "Macabre new details emerge about Argentina's 'dirty war'", CNN, March 23, 1996.
BBC News Online ,
Margarite Feitlowitz, A Lexicon of Terror: Argentina and the Legacies of Torture, 1999.
Horacio Verbitsky, The Flight. Confessions of an Argentine Dirty Warrior, 1995/2005.
Argentine Tells of Dumping 'Dirty War' Captives Into Sea. The New York Times. March 13, 1995.
1946 births
Living people
Argentine Navy officers
Operatives of the Dirty War
Argentine people convicted of crimes against humanity
People imprisoned on charges of terrorism
Prisoners and detainees of Spain
Argentine people imprisoned abroad
Place of birth missing (living people)
People extradited from Argentina
People extradited to Spain
Creag Ghuanach (621 m) is a mountain in the Grampian Mountains of Scotland. It is located in Lochaber, at the southern head of Loch Treig.
A small but very craggy peak, Creag Ghuanach rises steeply from the Loch below. The nearest village is Roybridge several miles to the north.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Grahams
Mountains and hills of Highland (council area)
Swimming is the debut studio album by Belgian post-punk band the Names, released in 1982 by record label Les Disques du Crépuscule. It was produced by Martin Hannett.
Release history
The album was released as an LP by Crépuscule in 1982. It was reissued by Factory Benelux in 1991 on CD as Swimming + Singles, by LTM Recordings in 2000 on CD as Swimming + Singles, and again by Factory Benelux in 2013 on LP and CD as Swimming.
Reception
AllMusic wrote: "Swimming isn't the sharpest arrow in infamous producer Martin Hannett's quiver, and the Belgian group indeed wallowed in the obscurity that journalist Jon Savage claimed they didn't deserve, but the record still fares rather well as a second-tier post-punk record".
References
External links
The Names (band) albums
1982 debut albums
Albums produced by Martin Hannett
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Shopian or JNV Aglar or JNV Shopian is a co-educational residential school in Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir union territory. The school is affiliated to central board of school education New Delhi with classes from VI to XII standard.
This school category, called as Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas are the schools for gifted students predominantly from rural areas, established in every district of India.This is considered one of the best schools in almost every state of India. It is known of its wide range of co-curricular activities.
The school is run by Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti, New Delhi, an autonomous organization under the Department of School Education and Literacy, Ministry of Education (MoE) Government of India.
References
Schools in Jammu and Kashmir
Education in Jammu and Kashmir
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Antananarivo, Madagascar.
Prior to 20th century
1794 - Capital of Merina Kingdom relocated to Antananarivo from Ambohimanga by Andrianampoinimerina.
1800 - Population: 15,000 (approximate estimate).
1840 - Manjakamiadana built in the Rova of Antananarivo (palace).
1872 - British missionary church built.
1895
City besieged by French forces.
French colonists rename city "Tananarive."
Population: 50,000-75,000 (approximate estimate).
20th century
1909 - Brickaville-Tananarive railway begins operating.
1910 - opens.
1913
Tamatave-Tananarive railway built.
Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Tananarive active.
1918 - Population: 63,115.
1923 - Antsirabe-Tananarive railway begins operating.
1925 - Botanical and Zoological Garden of Tsimbazaza founded.
1929 - Protests against French rule
1956 - City plan created.
1958 - National Congress Party for the Independence of Madagascar headquartered in city.
1959
Flood.
Richard Andriamanjato becomes mayor.
1960 - City becomes capital of the new Malagasy Republic.
1961 - University of Madagascar established.
1964 - Population: 298,813 city (estimate).
1971 - Population: 347,466 city; 377,600 urban agglomeration (estimate).
1972 - Political unrest; city hall burns down.
1976 - City renamed "Antananarivo."(fr)
1983 - Midi Madagasikara newspaper begins publication.
1993 - Population: 710,236 city.
1995 - November: Rova of Antananarivo burns down.
1997 - 1997 Jeux de la Francophonie held in Antananarivo.
21st century
2001 - Senate building constructed (approximate date).
2002 - Civil war.
2005
Population: 1,015,140 city.
Meeting of the Association Internationale des Maires Francophones held in city.
2007 - December: Andry Rajoelina elected mayor.
2009 - January–February: 2009 Malagasy protests.
2015 - Lalao Ravalomanana becomes mayor.
2016
November: Meeting of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie held in city.
December: Meeting of the Association des Villes et Collectivités de l'Ocean Indien held in city.
2018
April: Anti-government protest.
Population: 1,521,898 (estimate, urban agglomeration).
2022
January: 2022 Antananarivo floods
African Youth Games to be held in Antananarivo.
See also
Antananarivo history
Timeline of Antananarivo (in French)
List of mayors of Antananarivo
References
This article incorporates information from the French Wikipedia.
Bibliography
in English
in French
(+ table of contents)
External links
(Bibliography of open access articles)
(Images, etc.)
(Images, etc.)
(Bibliography)
(Bibliography)
(Bibliography)
(Bibliography)
Antananarivo
Antananarivo
History of Madagascar
Madagascar history-related lists
Antanarivo
The Bonin family (also spelled Bovin, Boonem, de Bonin, van Boonen) was a patrician family of Bruges. Members of the Bonin family were active in Bruges from the 12th century until the end of the 15th century.
Etymology
"Bonin" is the Latin spelling of the name, which is typically spelled "Van Boonen" today. The name was written as "Boonem" in Old Dutch and "de Bonin" in French. Until the second half of the 19th century, when the importance of exact quotations was increasingly recognised, not much attention was paid to spelling. Consequently, the surname also appears in historical accounts as "Bonyn" (with a Greek 'y' instead of 'i'). Other spellings on record include "Bonijn", "Bovin", "Bovyn" and "Bovijn".
In Jacques de Meyer's (Meyerus) book "Annales sive historiae rerum Belgicarum" from 1580, it can be found that Bovin's "v" was also written as "u". That book contains an account about a peace between the Bovin and Gruuthuyse families, initiated in 1377 by Margaret of Bavaria, mother of Philip the Good of Burgundy.
History
Egidius Bonin was the first documented member of the family. In 1286, Egidius became dean of the Deanery of St. Donatien.
In the early 14th century, the Bonin family was responsible for building one of the most important stone buildings in Bruges: the House with the Seven Towers on the High Street, which would have been an ostentatious display of the family's prestige and wealth.
During the 13th, 14th, and 15th centuries, the family had a powerful presence in the city council, as councillors or treasurers. Many Bonins were members of the ship's college. Lambert Bonin, as leader of the east vrye, participated in the Battle of Cassel in 1328.
Some Bonin family members had higher ambitions and became City council members. City council positions were held by one or perhaps two consecutive Jan Bonins in 1367, 1369, 1371, 1375, 1377 and 1378; in 1417 and 1420, Thomas Bonin was a City councillor.
Finally, several Bonins became aldermen, a position held by Jan Bonin in 1364, 1368, 1370, 1372 and 1392.
Genealogy
Corneille Gailliard and Jonkheer Theophile Augustin Casetta attempted a genealogy of the Bonin family in 1689. This genealogy was not published, and people only have partial knowledge of it due to quotations by others.
The most extensive genealogy is the rather confused work (c. 1860) by Jean-Jacques Gailliard, who could quote from the manuscript that was in the possession of Baron de Peelaert-van-Hoonacker from Bruges in the late 19th century.
References
Belgian families
Bruges
A ditch is a small depression created to channel water.
Ditch or The Ditch may also refer to
Ditch (fortification)
Tasman Sea, informally referred to as the Ditch
Truancy
Ditch (obstacle), an obstacle in cross-country equestrianism
ditch, (magazine)
Ditch Davey, an Australian actor
The Ditch, a 2010 film
Hydrangea aspera 'The Ditch', a flowering plant cultivar
Ditching, the controlled but unintentional water landing of an aircraft
Borojevia is a genus of calcareous sponge in the family Clathrinidae. The genus is named after sponge researcher Radovan Borojevic.
Description
Calcinea in which the cormus comprises tightly anastomosed tubes. The skeleton contains regular (equiangular and equiradiate) triactines, tetractines and tripods. The apical actine of the tetractines has spines. Aquiferous system asconoid.
Species
Borojevia aspina (Klautau, Solé-Cava & Borojevic, 1994)
Borojevia brasiliensis (Solé-Cava, Klautau, Boury-Esnault, Borojevic & Thorpe, 1991)
Borojevia cerebrum (Haeckel, 1872)
Borojevia croatica Klautau, Imesek, Azevedo, Plese, Nikolic & Cetkovic, 2016
Borojevia crystallina Fontana, Cóndor-Luján, Azevedo, Pérez & Klautau, 2018
Borojevia paracerebrum (Austin, 1996)
Borojevia pirella Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
Borojevia tetrapodifera (Klautau & Valentine, 2003)
Borojevia tenuispinata Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
Borojevia trispinata Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
Borojevia tubulata Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
Borojevia voigti Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
References
World Register of Marine Species entry
Clathrinidae
Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park is a 2001 North Korean film directed by Yoon Chan. Originally made as a two 60-minute episode television series(텔레비죤소설극), the film is a coming of age drama about a young woman, Eun-a, who achieves their goals in spite of interference from their family.
Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park was one of three North Korean films shown at the Special Screening section of the Jeonju International Film Festival, held from 28 April–6 May 2005.
References
External links
film profile on the Jeonju internatioonal film festival website
Link to an embedded video of South korean tv channel mbc reviewing the film Welcome to Pyongyang Animal Park in korean with footage from the film showcased
Link to the South korean unification ministry's vhs storage catalogue that illustrates the location of the vhs in their centre
2001 films
2000s Korean-language films
North Korean drama films
2000s North Korean television series
Garst may refer to:
People
David Garst (1926–2006), American agriculturalist
Roswell Garst (1898–1977), American agriculturalist
Warren Garst (1850–1924), American politician
Mary Garst (born 1928), American cattle breeder in the Iowa Women's Hall of Fame
Shannon Garst (1894–1981), American author, lived in Douglas, Wyoming
Places
Garst House (Greenville, Ohio), a museum, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Darke County
Roswell and Elizabeth Garst Farmstead Historic District, a farm in Guthrie County, Iowa, United States
John Garst House, a historic place in Ashland County, Ohio, United States
Garst Airport, in Nishnabotna Township, Atchison County, Missouri, United States
Other
Garst Seed Company, American producer of hybrid seeds
See also
Gorst, a surname, including a list of people with the name
Garston (disambiguation)
Frederick (Fred, Skip) Goodman is Professor of Education Emeritus at the University of Michigan School of Education, Ann Arbor. They created the influential Master's of Arts and Certification (MAC) Program that pioneered the teacher training residency and full-year internship model in the early 1990s. Additionally, Goodman's work was foundational in the creation of the ERIC educational database and was the foundation of the Interactive Communications & Simulations (ICS) Projects at UM as well as the non-profit Community System's Foundation. Goodman's research was deeply inspired by the work of the American Educational Philosopher John Dewey, constructivism, and pragmatism (as exemplified by Richard Rorty). Goodman specializes in experiential education, game design, authentic assessment and entrepreneurial education. Because they work to embody Dewey's idea that "experience is education" they did not emphasize publications but instead focused on doing and being in collaboration with others in service of learning.
Notably, Goodman was the creator of David Letterman's first (unsold) TV pilot, a gameshow called Decisions, Decisions. They also traveled South America with Ivan Illich and is thanked at the beginning of Illich's most famous book on education Deschooling Society.
References
American educational theorists
University of Michigan faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Büyüksütlüce is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Būdai (formerly , ) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 10 people. It is located from Lančiūnava, alongside the A8 highway, surrounded by the Lančiūnava-Šventybrastis Forest.
Demography
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Kėdainiai District Municipality
Fisherman's Friends is a 2019 British comedy-drama film directed by Chris Foggin from a screenplay by Nick Moorcroft, Meg Leonard and Piers Ashworth.
The film is based on a true story about Fisherman's Friends, a group of Cornish fishermen from Port Isaac who were signed by Universal Records and achieved a top 10 hit with their debut album of traditional sea shanties.
The film stars Daniel Mays, James Purefoy, David Hayman, Dave Johns, Sam Swainsbury, Tuppence Middleton, Noel Clarke, Christian Brassington, Maggie Steed and Jade Anouka.
Plot
A fast living, cynical London music executive, Danny, reluctantly heads to Cornwall on their colleague Henry's stag weekend, where he's pranked by their boss, Troy, into trying to sign a group of shanty-singing fishermen. Danny becomes the ultimate ‘fish out of water', struggling to gain the respect and enthusiasm of the unlikely boy band that consists of Jim, Jago, Leadville and Rowan, who all value friendship and community over fame and fortune. Attempting to overcome the fishermen's scepticism about the music business, Danny finds themselves drawn into the community, has their integrity tested and ultimately is shown the meaning of loyalty, love and friendship. This forces Danny to re-evaluate what really matters in life, ultimately giving them the chance of a different kind of success which leads to them falling in love with Jim's daughter, Alwyn.
Cast in contractual order
Daniel Mays as Danny
James Purefoy as Jim
David Hayman as Jago
Dave Johns as Leadville
Sam Swainsbury as Rowan
Tuppence Middleton as Alwyn
Noel Clarke as Troy
Christian Brassington as Henry
Maggie Steed as Maggie
Vahid Gold as Driss
Jo Hart as Journalist
Julian Seager as Trieve
Christopher Villiers as Charles Montague
Meadow Nobrega as Tamsyn
Jade Anouka as Leah
Ashley Bannerman as Nurse
Two-Michelin-starred Port Isaac chef Nathan Outlaw has a cameo role as a man who has unwisely parked their car where the tide can swamp it.
Production
Filming
Filming commenced on 30 April 2018 on location in Port Isaac, Cornwall, and London for five weeks. All members of the band have cameos in the film and worked as consultants on the film.
Reception
Box office
The film was released on 503 screens on 15 March 2019 in the United Kingdom and debuted at #2 in the UK Box office chart, grossing $1,534,908 in its opening weekend behind global box office phenomenon Captain Marvel. The film was #3 in its second weekend taking $1,285,332. The film was #4 in its third weekend taking $820,293. As of Friday 10 May 2020, the film had grossed $11,553,041.
Controversy
Noel Clarke, a black British actor, was credited on the UK poster but their image was not featured. Writing on Twitter, Clarke said "not one of these other actors spoke up for me when I was left off the poster".
However, Clarke was, at that time, the subject of allegations of bullying and sexual harassment.
Soundtrack
Island Records released the film's original soundtrack titled Keep Hauling - Music From The Movie on 15 March 2019.
Track listing:
Keep Hauling
Nelson's Blood
John Kanaka
The Cost of High Barbary
South Australia
Little Liz I Love You
Widow Woman
Le Capitaine de San Malo
Blow the Man Down
Shanty Man
Oh You New York Girls
The 'Trelawny' National Anthem
The Leaving Shanty
No Hopers, Jokers & Rogues
Fisherman's Blues
(What Shall We Do with the) Drunken Sailor
Union of Different Kinds
Stage musical adaptation
A stage musical called Fisherman's Friends: The Musical, based on the band's true story and the 2019 film, made its world premiere at the Hall for Cornwall in Truro in October 2021, written by Brad Birch and directed by James Grieve.
Sequel
A sequel, about the band singing at Glastonbury, was released on 19 August 2022. The film is called Fisherman's Friends: One and All.
References
External links
2019 films
2019 comedy-drama films
British comedy-drama films
2010s English-language films
Films set in Cornwall
2010s British films
The Olde Park Hotel is a bed and breakfast and tourist attraction located in Ballinger, Texas. Today's the Olde Park Hotel has seen various different uses such as schoolhouse, saloon, and hotel over its history but is today a bed and breakfast and event venue owned by the LaFave family.
History
The Olde Park Hotel, standing where it has since before Ballinger existed, was built as a bunkhouse for railroad workers, but was sold in an auction in July 1886.
In the hotel's life, it has been a schoolhouse, a hotel, and a saloon.
In 2016, Dan and Connie LaFave, the founders of the paranormal investigation group Graveyard Shift, bought the hotel to restore it to its original condition.
Architecture
The building has been enlarged a few times in its history. One expansion was moved to Ballinger on logs from nearby Runnels City, and it is believed that another part of the building was once briefly used as Runnels's courthouse.
Purported haunting
The hotel is considered to be haunted and marketed as such. One previous owner, Jeanette Findlay, has reportedly identified 30 different entities present in the hotel. The hotel's reputation has resulted in its periodically appearing in paranormal television programming. The hotel was visited in 2018 by Brad and Barry Klinge, hosts Ghost Lab, and Brandy Green of Ghost Hunters International, and in 2019 by paranormal investigator and actor Chad Lindberg. The hotel is to be featured in the Travel Channel television show Fright Club, hosted by Jack Osbourne.
Notes
External links
Hotel website
Hotels in Texas
Buildings and structures in Runnels County, Texas
Reportedly haunted locations in Texas
Gianluca Luppi (born 23 August 1966) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player, who played as a defender.
1966 births
Living people
People from Crevalcore
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Juventus F.C. players
ACF Fiorentina players
Atalanta B.C. players
Ravenna F.C. players
Venezia F.C. players
S.S.C. Napoli players
A.C. Cesena players
Venezia F.C. managers
Italian football managers
Association football defenders
A.S.D. Mezzolara managers
Footballers from Emilia-Romagna
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Bologna
Poetry on the Lake is the event founded in 2001 by the director and organizer Gabriel Griffin, the seat is on Isola di San Giulio. Since 2001 Kevin Bailey has co-organised and judged at the annual Poetry on the Lake festival held at Orta San Giulio in Italy, the antique island on Lake Orta, northern Italy. Annual events include the spring international poetry competition (prizes are donated by Alessi) and the autumn celebration described by the British Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy on the South Bank Show, ITV, 6 December 2009 as:
"...perhaps the smallest but possibly the most perfect poetry festival in the world".
Events take place on the island, in the square of Orta, on Sacro Monte in the woods around the chapels, in the historic palaces (Palazzo Ubertini, Villa Bossi) on board ship ('una barca di poeti'- a poetic cruise), in the neighbouring towns and villages: Omegna, Orta, Pella, Varallo, Invorio and Ameno.
Events
Poetry events: competition, readings, workshops, discussions, dance and music that take place on and around Lake Orta in the foothills of the Alps.
Poets
Poetry on the Lake poets include: Al Alvarez, Kevin Bailey, Gary Bills, Carole Baldock, Massimo Bocchiolo, Gillian Clarke (Welsh National Poet), Imtiaz Dharker, John F. Deane (founder of Poetry Ireland), Carol Ann Duffy (British Poet Laureate and patron of Poetry on the Lake), James Harpur, John Hartley Williams, Christopher North, Brian Patten, Don Paterson, Jo Shapcott, Penelope Shuttle, Michael Swan, D.M.Thomas Francesca Diano, Italian poet, translator and writer and the poet and British Consul General Laurence Bristow-Smith.
Where it is featured
Poetry on the Lake is the only celebration in a guide book to Italy (The Purple Guide to Piedmont and North Italy) also featured in:
The South Bank Show, 6 December 2009, Channel One, ITV Other TV transmissions featuring Poetry on the Lake: MagicaItalia (Rai 1, May 2011) and Mixitalia (Rai 1, May 2012).
The Guardian (Travel) 9 March 2012. Poetry on the Lake also edits annual anthologies and a journal.
See also
http://www.poetryonthelake.org
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZPLIg5tFI8
References
Poetry festivals in Italy
Tourist attractions in Piedmont
Felipe Galarza Sánchez (3 March 1913 – 3 May 1994) was a Spanish military officer who served as Chief of the Defence High Command , and as President of the Board of Joint Chiefs of Staff between 1977 and 1978. The offices they held made them chief of staff of the Spanish Armed Forces at the time.
References
1913 births
1994 deaths
People from Asturias
People from Gijón
Spanish military personnel
Spanish lieutenant generals
Stylish
Charme may refer to:
Charme, Wisconsin, United States
Charmé, Charente, France
La Charme, Jura, France
Le Charme, Loiret, France
Charme (typeface), a foundry type made by Ludwig & Mayer.
See also
Charmes (disambiguation)
The men's decathlon at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 30 and 31 August 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
30/31 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(3)
References
Decathlon
Combined events at the European Athletics Championships
The Oponskoye Kingdom (, supposed to mean "Yaponskoye tsarstvo", or "kingdom of Japan"), or as some English sources erroneously put it, Kingdom of Opona, is a mythical kingdom in Russian folklore, envisioned by Russian peasants as lying at the edge of the flat earth. Here, it was believed, the peasants lived happy lives undisturbed by the state or the gentry, under a "White Tsar" who ruled truly and justly. Such paradise places were also known under the names of the Golden Land, Land of Chud, and Belovodye.
The myth of the Utopian kingdom of old Russia is similar to other myths of "earthly paradises", out of sight but possibly reachable by the right courageous explorer, such as Shambhala, El Dorado, etc.
Initially the tale of Belovodye was treated as a hearsay about a real place. Groups of peasants from various regions of Russia were known to have gone on expeditions in the far north of Russia to find the mythical utopia. There was strain of old Believers called "Wanderers" (), since they spent their lives wandering, and some researchers asserted that they were instrumental in the propagation of the legend. However other researchers have arguments against this hypothesis. At the break of the 19th and 20th centuries the tale gradually transformed from a "real thing" to an element of Russian folklore.
See also
Buyan island
Hyperborea
Iriy
Kitezh city
Cockaigne
References
Bibliography
Locations in Slavic mythology
Mythological kingdoms, empires, and countries
Russian folklore
Mythical utopias
The Pope Benedict XVI bibliography contains a list of works by Pope Benedict XVI.
Books
The following is a list of books written by Pope Benedict XVI arranged chronologically by English first edition. The original German first edition publication year is included in brackets.
Encyclicals
The following is a list of papal encyclicals were promulgated by Pope Benedict XVI.
Deus caritas est (God is Love) (December 25, 2005) Text
Spe salvi (In Hope We Were Saved) (November 30, 2007) Text
Caritas in veritate (Charity in Truth) (June 29, 2009) Text
Exhortations
The following is a list of apostolic exhortations written by Pope Benedict XVI. An apostolic exhortation is a type of communication from the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church that encourages a community of people to undertake a particular activity, but does not define Church doctrine. It is considered lower in formal authority than a papal encyclical, but higher than other ecclesiastical letters.
Sacramentum Caritatis: On the Eucharist as the Source and Summit of the Church's Life and Mission (February 22, 2007) Text
Verbum Domini: On the Word of God in the Life and Mission of the Church (September 30, 2010) Text
Africae Munus: On the Church in Africa in Service to Reconciliation, Justice and Peace (November 19, 2011) Text
Ecclesia in Medio Oriente: On the Church in the Middle East (September 14, 2012) Text
German titles
The following is a list of books written by Pope Benedict XVI arranged chronologically by German first edition. The English title is included in parentheses.
Volk und Haus Gottes in Augustins Lehre von der Kirche (The People and House of God as Presented in Augustine's Doctrine of the Church). München: Zink, 1954.
Die Geschichtstheologie des heiligen Bonaventura (The Historical Theology of Saint Bonaventure). München: Schnell und Steiner, 1959.
Die christliche Brüderlichkeit (The Meaning of Christian Brotherhood). München, 1960.
Die erste Sitzungsperiode des Zweiten Vatikanischen Konzils. Ein Rückblick (The First Session of the Second Vatican Council. A Retrospective). Köln: Bachem, 1963.
Das Konzil auf dem Weg: Rückblick auf die 2. Sitzungsperiode des 2. Vatikanischen Konzils (The Council in Progress. Retrospective of the Second Session of the Second Vatican Council). Köln: Bachem, 1964.
Ergebnisse und Probleme der dritten Konzilsperiode (Events and Issues of the Third Session of the Council). Köln: Bachem, 1965.
Die letzte Sitzungsperiode des Konzils (The Council's Last Session). Köln: Bachem, 1966.
Das Problem der Dogmengeschichte in der Sicht der katholischen Theologie (The Problem of Dogmatism from the Point of View of Catholic Theology). Köln, 1966.
Die sakramentale Begründung christlicher Existenz. Meitingen und Freising: Kyrios-Verlag, 1967.
Einführung in das Christentum: Vorlesungen über das Apostolische Glaubensbekenntis (Introduction to Christianity). München: Kösel Verlag, 1968.
Meditationen zur Karwoche. Meitingen und Freising: Meitinger Kleinschriften, 1969.
Das neue Volk Gottes: Entwürfe zur Ekklesiologie (God's New People: Concepts for Ecclesiology). Düsseldorf: Patmos-Verlag, 1969.
Glaube und Zukunft (Faith and Future). München: Kösel Verlag, 1970.
Die Einheit der Nationen: Eine Vision der Kirchenväter (The Unity of the Nations: A Vision of the Church Fathers). Salzburg: Pustet, 1971.
Dogma und Verkündigung (Dogma and Preaching). München: Erich Wewel Verlag, 1973.
Prinzipien christlicher Moral (Principles of Christian Morality). Einsiedln: Johannes Verlag, 1975.
Eschatologie: Tod und ewiges Leben (Eschatology: Death, and Eternal Life). Regensburg: Friedrich Pustet Verlag, 1977.
Der Gott Jesu Christi: Betrachtungen über den Dreieinigen Gott (God of Jesus Christ). München: Kösel Verlag, 1976.
Die Tochter Zion: Betrachtungen über den Marienglaube der Kirche (Daughter Zion: Reflections on the Church's Marian Belief). Einsiedln: Johannes Verlag, 1977.
Eucharistie - Mitte der Kirche. München: Wewel, 1978.
Zum Begriff des Sakramentes (On the Concept of the Sacrament). München: Minerva Publikation, 1979.
Umkehr zur Mitte: Meditationen eines Theologen (Turning back towards the Center: A Theologian's Meditations). Leipzig: Sankt-Benno-Verlag, 1981.
Glaube, Erneuerung, Hoffnung. Theologisches Nachdenken über die heutige Situation der Kirche. Hrsg. von Kraning, Willi (Faith, Renewal, Hope. Theological Contemplations on the Present Situation of the Church). Leipzig: Sankt-Benno-Verlag, 1981.
Das Fest des Glaubens: Versuche zur Theologie des Gottesdienstes (Feast of Faith: Approaches to a Theology of the Liturgy). Einsiedeln: Johannes Verlag, 1981.
Theologische Prinzipienlehre: Bausteine zur Fundamentaltheologie (Principles of Catholic Theology: Building Stones for a Fundamental Theology). München: Erich Wewel Verlag, 1982.
Die Krise der Katechese und ihre Uberwindung: Rede in Frankrich (Handing on the Faith in an Age of Disbelief). Einsiedeln: Johannes Verlag, 1983.
Schauen auf den Durchbohrten (Behold the Pierced One). Einsiedeln: Johannes Verlag, 1984.
Suchen, was droben ist: Meditationen das Jahr hindurch (Seek That Which Is Above: Meditations Throughout the Year). Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 1985.
Politik und Erlösung: Zum Verhältnis von Glaube, Rationalität und Irrationalem in der sogenannten Theologie der Befreiung (Politics and Deliverance: On the Relations of Faith, Rationalism, and the Irrational in so-called Liberation Theology). Opladen: Westdeutscher Verlag, 1986.
Im Anfang schuf Gott: Vier Predigten über Schöpfung und Fall (In the Beginning...: A Catholic Understanding of the Story of Creation and the Fall). München: Erich Wewel Verlag, 1986.
Kirche, Ökumene und Politik: Neue Versuche zur Ekklesiologie (Church, Ecumenism, and Politics: New Endeavours in Ecclesiology). Einsiedeln: Johannes Verlag, 1987.
Abbruch und Aufbruch: Die Antwort des Glaubens auf die Krise der Werte (Deconstruction and Awakening. The Answer of Faith to the Crisis of Values). München: Minerva Publikation, 1988.
Auf Christus schauen: Einübung in Glaube, Hoffnung, Liebe (To Look on Christ: Exercises in Faith, Hope, and Love). Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder, 1989.
Wendezet für Europa? Diagnosen und Prognosen zur Lage von Kirche und Welt (A Turning Point for Europe? The Church in the Modern World). Einsiedeln: Johannes Verlag, 1991.
Zur Gemeinschaft gerufen: Kirche heute verstehen (Called to Communion. Understanding the Church Today). Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder, 1991.
Wahrheit, Werte, Macht: Prüfsteine der pluralistischen Gesellschaft (Truth, Values, Power: The Cornerstones of a Pluralistic Society). Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder, 1993.
Evangelium – Katechese – Katechismus: Steiflichter auf den Katechismis der katolischen Kirche (Gospel, Catechesis, Catechism). München: Verlag Neue Stadt, 1995.
Ein neues Lied für den Herrn: Christusglaube und Liturgie in der Gegenwart (A New Song for the Lord). Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 1995.
Salz der Erde. Christentum und katholische Kirche an der Jahrtausendwende (Salt of the Earth). München: Wilhelm Heyne Verlag, 1996.
Vom Wiederauffinden der Mitte. Texte aus vier Jahrzehnten (Recovering the Center). Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder, 1997.
Die Vielfalt der Religionen und der Eine Bund (Many Religions – One Covenant: Israel, the Church, and the World). Hagen: Verlag Urfeld, 1998.
Einführung in den Geist der Liturgie (The Spirit of the Liturgy). 4. Aufl. Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder, 2000.
Gott und die Welt. Glauben und Leben in unserer Welt. Ein Gespräch mit Peter Seewald (God and the World). Stuttgart: Deutsche Verlags-Anstalt, 2000.
Gott ist uns nah: Eucharistie, Mitte des Lebens (God Is Near Us: The Eucharist, the Heart of Life). Augsburg : Sankt Ulrich, 2001.
Weggemeinschaft des Glaubens: Krche als Communio (Pilgrim Fellowship of Faith: The Church as Communion). Augsburg: Sankt-Ulrich-Verlag, 2002.
Glaube – Wahrheit – Toleranz. Das Christentum und die Weltreligionen (Truth and Tolerance). 2. Aufl. Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 2003.
Unterwegs zu Jesus Christus (On the Way to Jesus Christ). Augsburg: Sankt-Ulrich-Verlag, 2003.
Werte in Zeiten des Umbruchs (Values in a Time of Upheaval). Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 2005.
Dialektik der Säkularisierung (The Dialectics of Secularization). Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 2005.
Jesus von Nazareth, Erster Teil, Von der Taufe im Jordan bis zur Verklärung (Jesus of Nazareth, Part I: From the Baptism in the Jordan to the Transfiguration). Freiburg im Breisgau: Verlag Herder, 2007.
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Ignatius Press
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of German writers
Books by Pope Benedict XVI
Christian bibliographies
Terrell Independent School District is a public school district based in Terrell, Texas, United States.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
School uniforms
All TISD students are required to wear school uniforms .
Schools
Terrell High School (Grades 9-12)
Herman Furlough, Jr. Middle School (Grades 6-8)
Dr. Bruce Wood Intermediate School (Grades K-5)
J.W. Long Elementary School (Grades K-5)
Gilbert Willie, Sr. Elementary School (Grades K-5)
W.H. Burnett Early Childhood Center (Serving three- and four-year olds)
Alternative Campuses
Global Leadership Academy
Terrell Alternative Education Center (TAEC)
Terrell ISD Child & Adolescent Center
References
External links
School districts in Kaufman County, Texas
School districts in Hunt County, Texas
Jean-Léonard Rugambage was a Rwandan journalist, acting editor of the newspaper Umuvugizi. They were shot dead after the assailant fired four shots at them at the front of their home in Kigali on 24 June 2010.
The newspaper had recently been suspended by the government, but continued to publish articles online. Rugambage was "highly critical" of President Paul Kagame's government. Shortly before being murdered, Rugambage had published an article on the attempted murder of former army chief Lieutenant-General Faustin Kayumba Nyamwasa, another critic of Kagame's. As Rugambage's murder was one of several of Kagame's critics and opponents during the build-up to the 2010 presidential election, their colleagues suggested national security services could have been involved. Four days later, police arrested two suspects in connection with the murder. According to the authorities, one of them, Didace Nduguyangu, confessed and explained to the police that they had "committed this act to take revenge on this journalist who massacred their brother during the genocide against the Tutsis in 1994."
But for whose death Rugambage had been acquitted by courts in 2006 after being detained for 11 months in 2005. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for an investigation into the murders of several government opponents during the election campaign, including Rugambage's.
See also
Other opponents or perceived opponents of the Rwandan government murdered between 2010 and 2012:
Charles Ingabire
André Kagwa Rwisereka
Théogène Turatsinze
References
2010 deaths
Deaths by firearm in Rwanda
Journalists killed in Rwanda
Rwandan murder victims
People murdered in Rwanda
Year of birth missing
Assassinated dissidents
Assassinated Rwandan journalists
People from Kigali
2010s murders in Rwanda
2010 crimes in Rwanda
2010 murders in Africa
Mostis - Ancient Greek: - Μόστις, reigned ~ 130 BC - ~ 90 BC. King of the Caeni ruled over territories in South East Thrace - Strandzha mountain in today Bulgaria and Turkey.
The king is best known from their coins - bronze and silver and from an epigraphy. They emerged on the political scene after the death of Ziselmius - after 135/133 BC or little later in 127 BC.
Mostis coinage include - bronze coins and rare tetradrachm. On avers there are bust of king on right. More interesting is reverse side of silver coins: Athena Nikephoros seated on throne, vertical inscriptions ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΜΟΣΤΙΔΟΣ. King Mostis coins are specific by inscription of year below throne of Athena - ΕΤΟΥΣ ΙΓ / IΔ etc. On coins from years 13/14 and 35/38 there are second inscriptions - ΕΠΙ ΣΑΔΑΛΟΥ.
In 2012 was found first coin hoard contained tetradrachms of Mostis. Hoard is discovered in regular archaeological research in village of Sinemorets, by Bulgarian archaeologist Ms Daniela Agre - NAIM - BAS.
Tetradrachms of Mostis can be seen in museums in London, Berlin, Paris. Coins from Sinemorets hoard are in Tsarevo museum.
References
Thracian kings
2nd-century BC rulers in Europe
1st-century BC rulers in Europe
Aedes epactius is a species of mosquito (Culicidae) native to North America. Some mosquitoes in North America, such as Aedes albopictus and Aedes aegypti have a similar scutellum pattern.
Diet
Like other mosquito species, female Aedes epactius take bloodmeal to develop their eggs. Apart from bloodfeeding, they feed on nectar and other sweet plant juices.
References
epactius
Insect vectors of human pathogens
Batek may refer to:
Batek people, an ethnic group of peninsular Malaysia
Batek language, an Austroasiatic language spoken by the Batek people
Batik, an Indonesian technique of wax-resist dyeing, sometimes spelled "batek" during the Dutch colonial period
Bitruncated 8-orthoplex, a geometric object, also known by the abbreviation "batek"
Batek, a form of Philippine tattoo among the Kalinga people, part of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of the Philippines
People with the surname Batek include:
Petr Batěk (born 1970), Czech rower
Dariusz Batek (born 1986), Polish cyclist
Murad Qureshi (; born 27 May 1965) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician, and a former Member of the London Assembly.
Early life and education
Qureshi was born in Greater Manchester, but they were brought up in Westminster, London, where their parents moved in July 1965. They attended Quintin Kynaston School and graduated from the University of East Anglia with a degree in Development Studies in 1987, before undertaking an MSc in Environmental Economics at University College London, which they completed in 1993.
Qureshi is of Bangladeshi descent, and comes from a politically active family: their late father Mushtaq Qureshi was a Labour Party councillor in the City of Westminster and was a freedom fighter in the Bangladesh War of Liberation. Their youngest sister, Papya Qureshi, was also a councillor in Westminster.
Career
Before becoming an Assembly Member, they worked in Housing and Regeneration for 15 years, helping establish housing associations and co-ops in the East End.
They were an Executive Committee member of SERA from 1994 to 2000 and a former board member of BRAC U.K, an international NGO seeking to alleviate poverty and empower the poor.
Qureshi was Jeremy Corbyn's successor as Chair of Stop the War Coalition, standing down at the 2021 AGM.
Politics
Qureshi was a councillor for Church Street on Westminster City Council from 1998 to 2006, and was elected on the Labour Party's party list to the London Assembly at the 2004 Assembly election. They were re-elected at the 2008 election and again at the 2012 Assembly election. They failed to be re-elected at the 2016 election; because Labour gained constituency seats, it lost seats from its party list, which Qureshi was on.
In 2005, they were described as "the only Muslim member" of the London Assembly, although they support Amartya Sen's theory of plural identities and has criticised the practice of individuals "defining themselves simply by their religion, without taking into account other key aspects of their identity".
Qureshi was Chair of the London Assembly's Environment Committee and a Member of the Transport Committee. They were also a member of the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority, which oversees the London Fire Brigade between 2004–2012 and Chair of the Mayor's London Waterways Commission, since its inception. From 2004 to 2006, Qureshi was a member of the Metropolitan Police Authority.
Under their chairpersonship of the Environment Committee at the London Assembly, a body of work emerged against expansion of Heathrow airport work and its adverse environmental impact on Londoners' quality of life, particularly in west London suburbs, including reports "Plane Speaking" (2012) and "Flights of Fancy" (2010), plus consultation responses on the Government's Draft Aviation Policy Framework (2012), and more recently against night flights.
"Flights of Fancy", produced before the general election in May 2010, argued against Labour government keenness to have a third runway at Heathrow. Since losing that general election, the Labour Party has dropped its position on the expansion of Heathrow airport.
As an Assembly Member, they have undertaken rapporteurships into pedicabs (cycle rickshaws) and the loss of London's playing fields. The latter report called for Sport England to be consulted on all applications for developments on playing fields measuring 0.2 hectares or more, a policy which has since been adopted by the Department for Communities and Local Government.
In 2016, Qureshi was forced to apologise for retweeting an offensive anti-Semitic Tweet. Conservative MP Mike Freer called on Qureshi to be suspended for causing offence to their Jewish constituents. Qureshi was not suspended by Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party and remained as a Labour candidate on the ballot paper in the 2016 London Assembly election.
Qureshi lost their seat in 2016, but returned to the assembly in 2020 following the resignation of Fiona Twycross. They were third on the Labour list for the 2021 election, and was not re-elected.
At the 2018 and 2022 local elections, Qureshi stood in Little Venice ward on Westminster City Council, but was unsuccessful on both occasions.
Campaigns and activities
Among their campaigns, Qureshi has called for the inclusion of Twenty20 cricket in the 2012 Olympic Games, a proposal which has received the backing of the London Assembly, and they have advocated the use of blue lines to mark the courses of London's underground rivers.
They have called for Edgware Road tube station (Bakerloo Line) to be renamed Church Street Market, as this would end the confusion between that station and the namesake station on the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines.
They have worked for many years to raise awareness of the crucial role of remittances in international development with their last letter in the Financial Times generating much debate. In 2004, remittances was the key topic on which they presented evidence before the House of Commons International Development Committee as part of a submission by the British Bangladeshi International Development Group.
In 2007, Qureshi hosted a meeting at City Hall which launched the Cambridge IGCSEs in Bangladesh, Pakistan and India Studies with Amartya Sen's support. Qureshi closely follows political developments in South Asia, and was in Bangladesh for the parliamentary elections in December 2008.
 They are Chairman of Capital SERA, the London branch of SERA. They contribute regular columns to the Morning Star, The China Daily, Tribune and the Westminster Extra. Qureshi has been criticised for controversial comments related to Israel and the Adolf Eichmann Trial, as well as links to Hamas politicians, including Ismail Haniyeh.
Qureshi has a music record named after him, and has financially backed a British film Shongram, which is a romantic drama, set during the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation struggle.
Personal life
Qureshi lists their recreations as "football and cricket (playing and watching)".
See also
British Bangladeshi
List of British Bangladeshis
List of ethnic minority politicians in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Murad Qureshi on Twitter
1965 births
Living people
English Muslims
English people of Bangladeshi descent
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Labour Co-operative Members of the London Assembly
Councillors in the City of Westminster
British politicians of Bangladeshi descent
English columnists
Online journalists
British Asian writers
People from Stockport
People from Westminster
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of University College London
Bangladeshi people of Arab descent
21st-century Bengalis
British republicans
Stas Aleksandrovich Pokatilov (; born 8 December 1992) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for Aktobe.
Career
On 30 December 2014, Pokatilov signed a two-year contract with FC Aktobe. On 26 February 2016, FC Rostov announced they had signed Pokatilov. On 4 July 2016, Pokatilov signed for FC Kairat on loan until the end of the 2016 season. At the end of the season 2016, Pokatilov moved to Kairat on a permanent deal from Rostov, signing a three-year contract on 13 December 2016.
On 25 November 2019, Pokatilov signed a new three-year contract with FC Kairat. On 19 January 2022, Kairat announced that Pokatilov had left the club.
On 1 February 2022, Pokatilov re-signed for Aktobe.
Career statistics
Club
International
Personal life
They have a twin-brother Vladimir Pokatilov, who is also football player.
References
External links
FC Akzhayik profile
Living people
1992 births
Kazakhstani people of Russian descent
People from Oral, Kazakhstan
Kazakhstani footballers
Kazakhstan international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Akzhayik players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
FC Aktobe players
FC Rostov players
Kosoy, Kosoi or Cosoi ( meaning slanting, oblique, etc.) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kosaya. It may refer to
Feodosy Kosoy (fl. 1550s), Russian serf-monk
Stewart Kosoy (1950–2015), American video game designer
Vasily Kosoy (1421–1448), Grand Prince of Moscow
Vassian Patrikeyev (Vassian Kosoy), Russian ecclesiastic and political figure and writer
Russian-language surnames
Jack Greene Copeland (born 1942) is an American cardiothoracic surgeon, who has established procedures in heart transplantation including repeat heart transplantation, the implantation of total artificial hearts (TAH) to bridge the time to heart transplant, innovations in left ventricular assist devices (LVAD) and the technique of "piggybacking" a second heart (heterotopic heart transplant) in a person, while leaving them the original.
In 1985, they performed the first successful implant of the Jarvik 7 artificial heart for the purpose of gaining time until a suitable heart donor could be found. The 25-year-old recipient received the heart transplant within two weeks of the implant and survived more than five years.
Copeland co-founded SynCardia Systems and after being head of the cardiothoracic surgery programme at the University of Arizona Medical Center (UAMC) in Tucson for over thirty years, they moved to the University of California, San Diego in 2010.
They were one of the first presidents of the International Society of Heart and Lung Transplantation (ISHLT), a society they helped co-found and who awarded them its Past Pioneer Award in 2013.
Early life and education
Jack Copeland was born in 1942 in Roanoke, Virginia and is the son of a chemical engineer. They entered Stanford University as a biology major in 1960, and subsequently earned a medical degree there nine years later. Their interest in transplant surgery stemmed from their medical student days at Stanford, when they took up a job assisting in heart transplants in animals.
Early career
Copeland completed their internship and residency at the University Hospital of San Diego County, then assisted at the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute at Bethesda, Maryland, where they reported on extended heart preservation outside the body, before returning to Stanford. At Stanford, they became chief resident of cardiac surgery and in 1977 reported the first successful repeat-heart transplant in a human.
They were inspired predominantly by heart surgeons Norman Shumway and Edward Stinson and they learned the technique of endomyocardial biopsy and interpretation of organ rejection grading from cardiothoracic surgeon Philip Caves and pathologist Margaret Billingham.
The University of Arizona hired Copeland in 1977 and two years later they led the first heart transplant in Arizona.
In 1982 Copeland stated that heart transplants were "no longer consider[ed] … an experiment here. It has become a routine and predictable procedure".
At Arizona, they were one of the first surgeons in the country to try the technique of "piggybacking" a second heart in a person, while leaving them the original, a procedure first performed by South African heart surgeon Christiaan Barnard.
By 1985, at the age 43, when they were head of the Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery Section at the University of Arizona College of Medicine in Tucson, their team had performed over sixty such transplants. In addition, in 1985, they performed Arizona's first combined heart-lung transplant.
The first bridge-to-transplant with a total artificial heart
In 1985, Copeland and Mark Levinson with help from biomedical engineer Richard Smith, performed the first successful implant of the Jarvik 7 total artificial heart, the early version of the SynCardia TAH, in 25-year-old grocery store clerk Michael Drummond who was suffering with severe heart failure due to cardiomyopathy and was awaiting a heart transplant. It was the first time this procedure was performed successfully as a temporary measure to buy time until a matching donor heart could be found. The previous TAH implants were temporary by Cooley (1969 and 1981) and Copeland (1985) had failed to result in survival for more than days and several were "permanent" TAH implants by William DeVries (Barney Clark in December 1982) that resulted in short term survival.
Prior to the first success, in March 1985, Copeland and their team had emergently implanted the unapproved Phoenix total artificial heart in a critically ill young man. The FDA policy of making exceptions for unapproved devices use in true emergencies followed this case. The Michael Drummond case followed in August 1985. Worsening of Drummond's condition created a desperation for action and the decision to use a TAH. It allowed time to find a matching donor heart. They survived more than five years, having received their heart transplant within two weeks of the implant. Their cause of death was lymphoma.
Copeland, along with Don B. Olsen, was instrumental in forming CardioWest Technologies and continuing the research and development of TAH technology and its role in bridging-to-heart transplant. Following FDA approval to trial the CardioWest TAH, they published their ten-year trial (1993–2002), assessing the performance of the TAH in just less than 100 people with class IV biventricular heart failure and at risk of imminent death. All included in the trial were eligible for transplant but were waiting for donors. The trial demonstrated better clinical outcomes when the TAH was used to bridge-to-transplant. In 2001, they co-founded SynCardia Systems which acquired CardioWest Technologies. In 2004, the SynCardia heart was granted FDA approval for use as a bridge-to-transplant. It is the only TAH to obtain FDA approval and be commercially available.
Other cardiac surgery
In 2000, they performed America's first implant of a paediatric ventricular assist device. In 2010, they and their team also reported their results of using LVADs in infants and children with severe heart failure from dilated cardiomyopathy.
Other procedures they have led include heart valve surgery, cardiac bypass surgery in adults and the repair of congenital heart defects in infants.
Later career
They resigned from the University of Arizona in 2010 after heading its Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery Section for over thirty years and subsequently moved to San Diego, where their wife was completing their general surgery training. Here, they joined the faculty at the new Sulpizio Family Cardiovascular Center at the University of California, San Diego.
First FDA approved total artificial heart
On 7 January 2011, during a four-hour operation, Copeland was part of the team that implanted, as a bridge-to-transplant, the world's only FDA-approved total artificial heart (TAH) for temporary use.
Heterotopic heart transplant at California
On 13 February 2011, Copeland and their team at the UC San Diego Center for Transplantation, performed the rare "piggyback" heart operation again, resulting in a man having two beating hearts in their chest. Termed a heterotopic heart transplantation, recipient Smith received a donor heart while still keeping their own diseased heart. The alternative option, which would have required two operations, was to offer a Left ventricular assist device (LVAD) as a bridge-to-transplantation.
The procedure involved placing the new donor heart on the right side of Smith's own heart and then surgically joining the left atria of both hearts to each other to allow oxygenated blood to flow direct from Smith's heart to the donor heart. The new heart's better functioning left ventricle then pumped blood into the aorta. The patient's own right heart continued to pump blood through the lungs.
Awards and honours
Copeland was one of the co-founders of the International Society of Heart and Lung Transplantation (ISHLT) in 1981. In addition, they served as one of the society's first presidents.
In acknowledgment of their achievements with artificial hearts and heart-assist devices, they received the 2001 Barney Clark Award.
In 2013, they received the ISHLT Past Pioneer Award.
Family
Copeland is married to Hannah Copeland a cardiac surgeon and has four children.
Selected publications
They have authored over 400 articles and presented nationally and internationally.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
References
External links
ResearchGate, Jack G. Copeland.
ISHLT Interview with Jack G. Copeland, 2010.
Interventional procedure overview of artificial heart implantation as a bridge to transplantation for end-stage refractory biventricular heart failure (NICE) (2017)
American transplant surgeons
1942 births
Living people
Stanford University School of Humanities and Sciences alumni
People from Roanoke County, Virginia
Physicians from Virginia
History of heart surgery
History of transplant surgery
Stanford Medical School alumni
Aleksandar Radosavljević may refer to:
Aleksandar Radosavljević (footballer, born 1979), Slovenian football midfielder
Aleksandar Radosavljević (footballer born 1982), Serbian football goalkeeper
Aleksandar Radosavljević, mixed martial artist, opponent of Jan Błachowicz
The Laussedat Heights () are a series of elevations extending eastward for in the southwest part of Arctowski Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey from photos taken by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1956–57, and were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Aimé Laussedat (1819–1907), a French military engineer, and the "father of photogrammetry," who pioneered the application of photography to survey from about 1851 onward.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Bradley James Nowell (February 22, 1968 – May 25, 1996) was an American musician and the lead singer and guitarist of the ska punk band Sublime.
Born and raised in Belmont Shore, Long Beach, California, Nowell developed an interest in music at a young age. Their father took them on a trip to Jamaica during their childhood years, which exposed them to reggae and dancehall music; they then gained a strong interest in rock music once they learned how to play guitar. Nowell played in various bands until forming Sublime with bassist Eric Wilson and drummer Bud Gaugh, whom they had met while attending California State University at Long Beach. In their lifetime, Sublime released the albums 40oz. to Freedom and Robbin' the Hood to critical and commercial success.
Throughout the band's career, Nowell struggled with a worsening addiction to heroin. They eventually became sober after their son Jakob, with girlfriend Troy Dendekker, was born in 1995. In 1996, Nowell relapsed and died of a heroin overdose in a San Francisco hotel while Sublime was on tour. Sublime released their self-titled third album two months after Nowell's death, and has subsequently released several compilation albums featuring the hundreds of songs they had recorded. Nowell remains an influential figure of the 1990s alternative era in their legacy.
Early life
Bradley Nowell and their sister, Kellie, were born and raised in the Belmont Shore neighborhood of Long Beach, California, to Jim and Nancy Nowell. As a child, they enjoyed surfing and sailing, often participating in boat races. Nowell became a difficult child and was often hyperactive and disruptive; their mother recalled that they were "very emotional, very sensitive, very artistic, but they were needy … They were always testing just to see what they could get away with." After their parents' divorce when they were 10, Nowell's behavior worsened. Their mother was originally awarded custody, but found them too difficult to control, and at the age of 10 they moved in full time with their father.
Music was an integral part of Nowell's upbringing on the part of both of their parents. Their father, a construction worker, enjoyed playing guitar and exposed them to the music of Jim Croce; their mother taught piano for a living in addition to playing the flute. Both parents helped teach young Nowell to play the guitar. In the summer of 1979, 11-year-old Nowell accompanied their father on a month-long sailing trip in the Virgin Islands, where they were first exposed to reggae music.
By the age of 16, they had started their first band, Hogan's Heroes, with Michael Yates and Eric Wilson. Nowell was described as a "gifted kid without many friends." At first, Wilson did not share Nowell's interest in reggae music. Nowell recalled the experience: "I was trying to get them to do (UB40's version of) 'Cherry Oh Baby,' and it didn't work. They tried, but it just sounded like such garbage. We were horrible." Nowell attended the University of California, Santa Cruz before transferring to California State University, Long Beach to study finance. They dropped out one semester shy of earning a degree, stating in 1995, "I have all the hard classes left … I doubt I'll ever go back."
Sublime
According to a Westwood One interview (which can be found on disc three of the Sublime box set), in 1988 Nowell got together with bassist Wilson and drummer Bud Gaugh, performing in small shows at house parties and barbecues. The band was often asked to leave the parties due to excessive noise. Sublime gained a reputation for their rowdy behavior and eventually became one of the most popular bands in Southern California. Despite their local success, music venues were skeptical of the band's eclectic musical fusion and many refused to book the band. In response, Nowell and Wilson created their own music label, Skunk Records, telling venues they were "Skunk Records recording artists," helping the band seem more accomplished and enabling them to book more shows. The band produced and distributed Sublime's early recordings on the label, later selling demo tapes at shows and local record stores.
In 1990, music student Michael "Miguel" Happoldt offered to let the band record in the studio at the school where they were studying, although without the school's knowledge. The band agreed, then sneaked into the school at night, where they recorded from midnight to seven in the morning. That recording session resulted in the cassette tape Jah Won't Pay the Bills, released in 1991. The tape helped the band gain a grassroots following throughout Southern California. It was during this time that Nowell became involved with drugs. For years, Nowell refused to try heroin; however, as they entered their twenties and witnessed their band's success, they decided to try the drug. Nowell's father explained, "His excuse for taking the heroin was that they felt like they had to be larger than life. They were leading the band, leading their fans, and they had to put on this persona. They heard a lot of musicians say they were taking heroin to be more creative."
Using the same tactics they used in recording Jah Won't Pay the Bills, the band recorded its debut album 40oz. to Freedom in secrecy at the studios at California State University, Dominguez Hills. Nowell recalled, "You weren't supposed to be in there after 9 p.m., but we'd go in at 9:30 and stay until 5 in the morning. We'd just hide from the security guards. They never knew we were there. We managed to get $30,000 worth of studio time for free". 40oz. to Freedom was released in 1992; 60,000 copies were sold.
Despite their growing popularity in Southern California, Sublime still was not signed with a major label. Around this same time, Nowell teamed up with longtime friend Gwen Stefani of No Doubt, to record the song "Saw Red". The song was eventually released on Sublime's Robbin' the Hood album, which was self-recorded on a four-track cassette, and released in October 1994. Several songs from the album detail Nowell's worsening drug addiction. Nowell is said by some to have predicted their own death in the song "Pool Shark", with the line, "One day I'm gonna lose the war".
About a year later, Tazy Phillipz took a copy of 40oz. to Freedom to Los Angeles radio station KROQ-FM, requesting that Sublime's song "Date Rape" be added to the playlist. Soon after, MCA Records picked up 40oz. to Freedom for national distribution, and Sublime was scheduled to tour throughout Europe. Nowell, an avid reader who enjoyed quoting historians and philosophers, began studying European history to prepare for the trip. Attention from a major label did not curb Nowell's drug use, which sometimes led them to pawn their instruments and sell drugs, as reflected in the song "Pawn Shop". In February 1996, Sublime returned to the studio to record the bulk of their self-titled album, which would be their debut with MCA. Production was done by Paul Leary of the Butthole Surfers (and producer of Marcy Playground and Meat Puppets) at Willie Nelson's Pedernales Studio in Austin, Texas.
Death
Nowell married Troy Dendekker on May 18, 1996. Seven days later, on the morning of May 25, Sublime was set to begin a five-day tour through Northern California, followed by a European and East Coast tour. However, while the band was staying at the Ocean View Motel in San Francisco (Seascape Inn now), drummer Bud Gaugh awoke to find Nowell lying on the floor next to their bed. Their dalmatian, Lou Dog, was curled up on the bed whimpering. Nowell had tried awakening their fellow bandmates to go to the beach with them that morning, but they were too hung-over and tired to get out of bed. Initially, Gaugh assumed that Nowell was too intoxicated to get into bed. However, they noticed a yellow film around their mouth, and it became apparent that they had overdosed on heroin. Gaugh called for paramedics, but Nowell had died several hours earlier and was pronounced dead at the scene. Nowell was cremated and their ashes were spread over their favorite surfing spot in Surfside, California. A headstone was placed at Westminster Memorial in Westminster, California, in their memory.
Eight months after Nowell's death, No Doubt headlined a "cautionary" benefit concert in honor of their memory. Nowell's widow wanted to make it clear that the goal of the concert was not to glamorize their death, but rather to promote drug awareness and prevention among fans. Proceeds from the concert were given to a non-profit offering support for musicians struggling with drug addiction, as well as a scholarship fund for Nowell's son, Jakob.
On January 11, 1997, a Los Angeles Times article titled "Cautionary Concert in Rocker's Memory", writer Jerry Crowe quoted No Doubt bassist Tony Kanal as saying, "Obviously, it's going to be very emotional because you're there playing a show to commemorate a good friend who died and died for very wrong reasons. But you're also there to change things for the future and prevent stuff like that from ever happening again. A lot of times we hear about musicians using drugs and it's so blasé and clichéd. You just kind of say, 'Oh, he'll be fine. Somebody will take care of him.' But that's not true. It's important for every single one of us to stand up and say, 'Enough of this shit.' It's time to make a difference".
Jason Westfall, one of Sublime's managers, was quoted as saying the surviving members of Sublime had no interest in continuing to perform and record under the "Sublime" name: "Just like Nirvana, Sublime died when Brad died." Sublime played their last show at the Phoenix Theater in Petaluma, California. In late 2010 and early 2011, the remaining band members, along with Rome Ramirez, began touring under the name Sublime with Rome.
Post-death
Sublime's final album was released on July 30, 1996. Its original title, Killin' It, was replaced by the eponymous title, Sublime.
By 1997, the album had entered Billboard's Top 20, with the largely acoustic single, "What I Got", becoming the number one song on the Modern Rock chart. The album produced three more radio hits: "Santeria", "Wrong Way", and "Doin' Time". The accompanying music videos for "Santeria", "What I Got", and "Wrong Way" received heavy rotation on MTV, with previously filmed footage of Nowell performing live intercut into the video. The footage which was used came mostly from shows in 1996.
Sublime became one of the most successful American rock acts of 1997. Rolling Stone reported in March 2010 that the album Sublime had sold over 6 million copies.
In 2009, Gaugh and Wilson teamed up with Rome Ramirez to form Sublime with Rome after an attempt to reform "Sublime" was blocked by Nowell's estate. The new band plays all of Sublime's original songs except for "Caress Me Down", which Rome refuses to play out of respect for Nowell - as it is sung from their perspective (the lyrics with "me llamo Bradley"). The band also records original music; their 2011 debut album Yours Truly is dedicated to Nowell. The trio stuck together until 2011, when bandmate Bud Gaugh decided to leave the band. The current entourage is Rome Ramirez, Eric Wilson, and Carlos Verdugo.
Personal life
Marriage and fatherhood
While on tour in the early 1990s, Nowell began dating Troy Dendekker. In October 1994, Troy became pregnant, giving birth to a son, Jakob James Nowell, on June 25, 1995. On May 18, 1996, a week before Nowell's death, the couple had married in a Hawaiian-themed ceremony in Las Vegas.
Lou Dog
In February 1990, Nowell purchased a Dalmatian puppy from an old man for $500, and named them "Louie" after their grandfather. Also referred to as "Lou Dog", they became a mascot for the band Sublime. Lou Dog was often allowed to wander the stage during concert performances. Louie was also often featured on the cover of Sublime albums, and was referred to in the lyrics of Sublime songs. In Sublime's most successful radio track, "What I Got", Nowell sings, "...livin' with Louie Dog's the only way to stay sane". Another prominent song of the band, "Garden Grove", mentions Lou Dog as such: "We took this trip to Garden Grove.
It smelled like Lou dog inside the van, oh yeah". In the song "Doin' Time" Nowell can be heard singing:
"All the people in the dance will agree
That we're well qualified to represent the LBC
Me, me and Louie run to the party
Dance to the rhythm it gets harder"
Nowell would sometimes begin live songs by referencing Lou Dog, and can be heard on the live version of "Caress Me Down" from Stand By Your Van yelling "Everybody says Louie - 1,2,3 Louie, Louie, Louie, Louie!" Nowell was known to invite their friends and their dogs over to film parodies of popular music videos; the dogs would pose as a band or an artist, dressed in corresponding costumes. In the early 1990s, Lou Dog disappeared for a week but was soon returned to Nowell, who later covered the Camper Van Beethoven song "The Day That Lassie Went to the Moon", and changed it to "Lou Dog Went to the Moon". Following Nowell's death in 1996, Lou Dog was cared for by Miguel, the band's manager. Lou Dog died from old age on September 17, 2001. Nowell's family scattered Lou Dog's ashes over the same spot as Nowell's, in Surfside, California.
See also
Dub music
Long Beach Dub All Stars
Long Beach Shortbus
References
External links
1968 births
1996 deaths
American punk rock guitarists
American punk rock singers
California State University, Long Beach alumni
Deaths by heroin overdose in California
Accidental deaths in California
Musicians from Long Beach, California
Wilson Classical High School alumni
Sublime (band) members
Singers from California
Lead guitarists
20th-century American singers
Alternative rock singers
American alternative rock musicians
Guitarists from California
American male guitarists
Reggae rock musicians
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male singers
Alfonso Andria (born 27 May 1952 in Salerno) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for Southern with the Margherita Party, part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Regional Development.
 They are a substitute for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, a member of the Delegation for relations with the United States and a substitute for the Delegation for relations with Switzerland, Iceland and Norway and to the European Economic Area (EEA) Joint Parliamentary Committee.
Education
1978: Graduate in law
Career
1973-1995: Director of the provincial tourism authority of Salerno
Member of the 'Margherita' party executive
1985-1993: Member of Salerno Municipal Council
1995-2004: Chairman of Salerno Provincial Council
1995-1999: Member of the Bureau of the UPI - Union of the Provincial Councils of Italy
Former regional Vice-Chairman of the AICCRE
2001-2004: Chairman of the Federal Council of the League of Local Authorities
2002-2004: Member of the Committee of the Regions of the European Union
until 2001: Chairman of the Board of Directors of the company managing the European Employment Pact for Agro Nocerino-Sarnese
responsible for the contract for the Salerno 'Crater'
former member of the CNEL consultative committee for the Mezzogiorno (Coordinator)
General Secretary (1983–1988), adviser to the Chairman (1988–2001) and Chairman (since 2002) of the European University Centre for the Cultural Heritage of Ravello
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Consortium PRUSST 'Ospitalità da favola' and the Atheneum Consortium (Training in film, television and multi-media work)
Decorations
Commander of the Order of St Gregory the Great
Knight of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George
See also
2004 European Parliament election in Italy
External links
1952 births
Living people
People from Salerno
Democratic Party (Italy) politicians
MEPs for Italy 2004–2009
21st-century Italian politicians
Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy MEPs
Presidents of the Province of Salerno
Yiğitli is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Remixes II is the second remix album by Japanese duo Every Little Thing. It was released on November 18, 1998, by Avex Trax. The album contains remixes of tracks from second album Time to Destination.
A 4-vinyl edition of the album was released on June 16, 1999, including previously unreleased remixes that didn't make it to the original CD track listing.
Track listing
The Remixes II Analog Set
Chart positions
References
Every Little Thing (band) albums
2002 remix albums
Tulk is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Augustus H. Tulk (1810–1873), Australian librarian, son of Charles Augustus Tulk
Beaton Tulk (1944–2019), Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador
Charles Augustus Tulk (1786–1849), English Swedenborgian and politician
Derek Tulk (born 1934), English cricketer
In Unix computing, Blackbox is a free and open-source stacking window manager for the X Window System.
Blackbox has specific design goals, and some functionality is provided only through other applications. One example is the bbkeys hotkey application.
Blackbox is written in C++ and contains completely original code. It was created by Bradley T. Hughes and is available under the MIT License. Blackbox has compliance with the Extended Window Manager Hints specification.
The original author seems to have ceased updating the repository with the exception of a minor fix of compilation problems in 2015, leaving the last original version at 0.70.1. However an actively maintained fork by Brian Bidulock has been picked up by several Linux distributions in its place, and it is featured in pkgsrc. Despite that, some other Linux distributions still use the original source code, as does FreeBSD.
Features
Features of the Blackbox window manager include:
A stacking window manager
Written in C++
Freely available under the MIT license
Compliance with the Extended Window Manager Hints Specification
Title bars have minimized, maximize, and close buttons
Support for simple themes
Support for color changes
No support for desktop shortcuts
Compatibility with both KDE and GNOME
Related projects
There are a number of other window manager forks of Blackbox:
Fluxbox
Hackedbox
Openbox (until version 3.0)
Windows shell replacements
Although they do not share the same codebase, these projects are also inspired by Blackbox.
BB4Win (the first and most prominent clone/port of Blackbox on Windows)
bbLean
xoblite (has releases from 2021)
bbZero (a branch of bbLean)
See also
Comparison of X window managers
References
External links
Blackbox at Free Software Directory
Articles containing video clips
Free software programmed in C++
Free X window managers
Software using the MIT license
The NHL's Adams Division was formed in 1974 as part of the Prince of Wales Conference. The division existed for 19 seasons until 1993. It was named in honour of Charles Francis Adams, the founder of the Boston Bruins. It is the forerunner of the NHL's Northeast Division, which later became the Atlantic Division.
Division lineups
1974–1976
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
California Golden Seals
Toronto Maple Leafs
Changes from the 1973–74 season
The Adams Division is formed as a result of NHL realignment
The Boston Bruins, Buffalo Sabres, and Toronto Maple Leafs come from the East Division
The California Golden Seals come from the West Division
1976–1978
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Cleveland Barons
Toronto Maple Leafs
Changes from the 1975–76 season
The California Golden Seals moved to Richfield, Ohio, to become the Cleveland Barons
1978–1979
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Minnesota North Stars
Toronto Maple Leafs
Changes from the 1977–78 season
The Cleveland Barons merge with the Minnesota North Stars. The merged franchise continues as the Minnesota North Stars, but leaves the Smythe Division to assume the Barons' place in the Adams Division to prevent the Adams from dropping to only three teams.
1979–1981
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Minnesota North Stars
Quebec Nordiques
Toronto Maple Leafs
Changes from the 1978–79 season
The Quebec Nordiques are granted entry into the NHL from the World Hockey Association (WHA)
1981–1992
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Hartford Whalers
Montreal Canadiens
Quebec Nordiques
Changes from the 1980–81 season
The Minnesota North Stars and Toronto Maple Leafs move to the Norris Division
The Hartford Whalers and Montreal Canadiens come from the Norris Division
1992–1993
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Hartford Whalers
Montreal Canadiens
Ottawa Senators
Quebec Nordiques
Changes from the 1991–92 season
The Ottawa Senators are added as an expansion team
After the 1992–93 season
The league was reformatted into two conferences with two divisions each:
Eastern Conference
Atlantic Division
Northeast Division
Western Conference
Central Division
Pacific Division
Regular season Division champions
1975 – Buffalo Sabres (49–16–15, 113 pts)
1976 – Boston Bruins (48–15–17, 113 pts)
1977 – Boston Bruins (49–23–8, 106 pts)
1978 – Boston Bruins (51–18–11, 113 pts)
1979 – Boston Bruins (43–23–14, 100 pts)
1980 – Buffalo Sabres (47–17–16, 110 pts)
1981 – Buffalo Sabres (39–20–21, 99 pts)
1982 – Montreal Canadiens (46–17–17, 109 pts)
1983 – Boston Bruins (50–20–10, 110 pts)
1984 – Boston Bruins (49–25–6, 104 pts)
1985 – Montreal Canadiens (41–27–12, 94 pts)
1986 – Quebec Nordiques (43–31–6, 92 pts)
1987 – Hartford Whalers (43–30–7, 93 pts)
1988 – Montreal Canadiens (45–22–13, 103 pts)
1989 – Montreal Canadiens (53–18–9, 115 pts)
1990 – Boston Bruins (46–25–9, 101 pts)
1991 – Boston Bruins (44–24–12, 100 pts)
1992 – Montreal Canadiens (41–28–11, 93 pts)
1993 – Boston Bruins (51–26–7, 109 pts)
Season results
Playoff Division champions
1982 – Quebec Nordiques
1983 – Boston Bruins
1984 – Montreal Canadiens
1985 – Quebec Nordiques
1986 – Montreal Canadiens
1987 – Montreal Canadiens
1988 – Boston Bruins
1989 – Montreal Canadiens
1990 – Boston Bruins
1991 – Boston Bruins
1992 – Boston Bruins
1993 – Montreal Canadiens
Stanley Cup winners produced
1986 – Montreal Canadiens
1993 – Montreal Canadiens
Presidents' Trophy winners produced
1990 – Boston Bruins
Adams Division titles won by team
References
NHL History
National Hockey League divisions
Sir Peter Harry Batson Woodroffe Foster, Kt, MBE, TD (5 December 1912 – 10 May 1985) was an English barrister and High Court judge from 1969 to 1983.
Biography
The son of Frank Foster, Peter Foster was educated at Rugby School and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge (BA, LLB). They were called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in 1936.
During the Second World War, Foster served with the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry. They saw action at Dunkirk with the 8th Armoured Division, El Alamein with the 18th Army Group, Tripoli with the 21st Army Group, and finally in North-Western Europe. They achieved the rank of colonel, was appointed MBE in 1943, and was mentioned in despatches three times. They received the Territorial Decoration in 1946.
After the war, Foster returned to the Bar, and practiced in Chancery in the chambers of Andrew Clark. They became a Queen's Counsel in 1957. They became a Bencher of Lincoln's Inn in 1963.
They were a member of the General Council of the Bar from 1956 to 1960, of the Senate from 1966 to 1969 and from 1976 to 1979, and chairperson of the Chancery Bar Association from 1963 to 1968. In addition, they were Church Commissioner for England from 1965 to 1969, Reserve Chairman of the Conscientious Objectors Tribunal from 1965 to 1969, and chairperson of the Performing Right Tribunal in 1969.
Foster was appointed to the High Court of Justice in 1969, received the customary knighthood. They were assigned to the Chancery Division, and retired in 1983. They coined the expression "a moron in a hurry" in the 1978 case Morning Star Cooperative Society v Express Newspapers Limited.
Foster married Jane Hillcoat Easdale in 1937; they had a son and three daughters.
References
"Sir Peter Foster", The Times, 17 May 1985
Knights Bachelor
1985 deaths
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
Members of the Inner Temple
Members of Lincoln's Inn
English Queen's Counsel
Chancery Division judges
British Army personnel of World War II
Grębków is a village in Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grębków. It lies approximately south-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References
External links
Jewish Community in Grębków on Virtual Shtetl
Villages in Węgrów County
Zhao Hongbin was born in Shanghai in 1952. They studied Fine Art Research in Shanghai Jiao Tong University and worked as art editor and chief editor in magazines. They went to Australia in 1988 and became a professional artist. Zhao Hongbin was granted as an "International talented artist" to receive a special permit of permanent residence and joins the Australian citizenship in 1993. From 1989 to 1995, they won over 40 First Prizes in Australia Nationally art Competitions, including "Victor Harbor art show" oil painting first prize; "24th Ernest Henry memorial art show" landscape and portrait champion. etc. In 1992, the portrait "Dr.Geza" was chosen as the top four finalists for "Doug Moran National Portrait Prize" by international judge. In 1993, they won "the Omega Contemporary Art award" in London from "the Royal Overseas League International art Exhibition". In 1994, Portrait "Graeme" was a finalist for the Prestigious "Archibald Prize"; In 1995, they won the Bronze medal in China's Famous Figure Works Exhibition.
Their paintings have been exhibited at the Shanghai Art Museum, National Art Museum of China, Victoria Arts Center, National Gallery of Victoria, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney Opera House, Australia Parliamentary Building, South Australian Art Gallery, Australian National Maritime Museum, China South-Korean International Art Exhibition, Taiwan 1st International Art Exhibition. In 1996, they were the appointed judge for Australian art Competition. Participated numerous art fairs include Taipei's International Art Expo. (1995, 1996) and Shanghai Art fair (1997, 1999).
Publication include: "The paintings of Zhao Hongbin" and biography selects into: "50 Australian Artists", "Who's Who in Australia", "Who's Who in the World", "500 Leaders of Influence", "Chinese Art Famous expert", "a famous teacher in modern times". In 2006, they were awarded "Honorary Doctorate of Arts'' by the Yorker International University, USA.
References
1952 births
Living people
Painters from Shanghai
Australian painters
Australian people of Chinese descent
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1948–49 season.
League standings
Division 2 Nordöstra 1948–49
Teams from a large part of northern Sweden, approximately above the province of Medelpad, were not allowed to play in the national league system until the 1953–54 season, and a championship was instead played to decide the best team in Norrland.
Division 2 Sydvästra 1948–49
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 2 seasons
2
Sweden
Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi Torchaar 4 is the fourth season of India's stunt/action reality game show. Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi, based on the American Fear Factor. The series premiered on Colors TV. The show is hosted by Akshay Kumar. Aarti Chhabria was declared the winner of the show.
Contestants
Partner
References
External links
04
2011 Indian television seasons
Colors TV original programming
Harry "Doc" Stephens was an American retired educator and politician from Kansas (July 14, 1942 - August 29, 2020).
Stephens earned a master's degree in counselor education from Emporia State University, where they were advised by Lloyd Stone. They earned their doctoral degree from the University of Northern Colorado, they then returned to Emporia State where they worked as an administrator. In 1996, Stephens, a Democratic Party candidate, faced Stone to succeed Jim Lowther as the legislator elected from the 60th Kansas House of Representatives District. Stephens lost, but was later appointed to the Kansas Senate from the 17th district in 1999. Stephens lost reelection to Jim Barnett in 2000. Dr. Stephens died Saturday, August 29, 2020.
Harry was a member of Sigma Tau Gamma fraternity, having joined in 1961 while an undergraduate student at Emporia State University. They served the Delta Chapter of Sigma Tau Gamma at Emporia State University as the lead Advisor for 50+ years.
References
1942 births
2020 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Kansas state senators
Kansas Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Emporia State University administration
Emporia State University alumni
People from Winfield, Kansas
Urswick School may refer to:
The Urswick School, a secondary school in Hackney, London, England
Urswick Grammar School, a defunct school in Little Urswick, Cumbria, England
Sergey Yevgenievich Mokhnatkin (; March 6, 1954 — May 28, 2020) is a Russian political activist and human rights activist.
On December 31, 2009, Mokhnatkin was arrested while participating in the Strategy-31 protest action on Triumfalnaya Square in Moscow (he was accused of beating up an officer of the 2nd operational police regiment of the Main Internal Affairs Directorate in Moscow, police sergeant Dmitry Moiseyev) and was sentenced to 2 years 6 months in a general regime colony. While in the colony, Mokhnatkin defended their rights and the rights of other prisoners, for which they were repeatedly subjected to unlawful punishments. The Russian human rights community recognized them as a political prisoner.
On April 21, 2012, Mokhnatkin was pardoned without admitting guilt by the decree of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev. After the pardon, Mokhnatkin continued their human rights activities and participation in protest actions.
In December 2014, Mokhnatkin was again convicted on charges of using violence against a government official. In 2016, they were also convicted on charges of insulting a government official, and in 2017 on charges of disrupting the work of the colony. In prison, Mokhnatkin received a spinal injury. They developed complications after an injury sustained during their stay in correctional colony No. 4 in the city of Arkhangelsk. The FSIN officers broke their spine.
In December 2018, Mokhnatkin was released, but at the end of 2019, due to the consequences of an injury, they lost the ability to walk, was hospitalized and operated on. Mokhnatkin spent the next several months in the hospital. On May 28, 2020, they died due to complications after surgery.
References
External links
Блог Сергея Мохнаткина на радио «Эхо Москвы»
1954 births
2020 deaths
Russian dissidents
Russian human rights activists
Amnesty International prisoners of conscience held by Russia
People from Izhevsk
Boztepe is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Anta Ranra (quechua anta copper, ranra stony, stony place, "stony copper place", also spelled Antarangra) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Huanza District. Anta Ranra lies south of a lake named P'itiqucha.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Austromorium flavigaster is a species of ant belonging to the genus Austromorium. It is a common ant in Australia, and it was described by John S. Clark in 1938.
References
Myrmicinae
Insects described in 1938
Hymenoptera of Australia
The 1972–73 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the eighth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
This year was another new name on the trophy
Leigh won the trophy by beating Widnes by the score of 5-0
The match was played at Central Park, Wigan, (historically in the county of Lancashire). The attendance was 4,691 and receipts were £1,391
This was Leigh's first victory after being runner-up in two of the previous finals
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants, no new members and no withdrawals, the number remaining at eighteen.
The format remained the same as the last season with the preliminary round played on a two-legged home and away basis and the rest of the tournament being played on a knock-out basis.
The preliminary round involved four clubs, to reduce the numbers to sixteen.
Competition and results
Preliminary round – first leg
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Competition and results
Preliminary round – second leg
Involved 2 matches and the same 4 Clubs in reverse fixtures
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 1 – first round – replays
Involved 1 match and 2 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * Wakefield Trinity, who joined the competition in season 1967–68, win their first game in the competition
2 * Keighley (who joined the competition in season 1967–68) win their first match in the competition
3 * This match was televised
4 * This was the second of only two occasions when the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy final was played on a neutral ground
5 * Rothmans Rugby League Yearbook 1990-1991 and 1991-92 give the attendance as 4,691, but RUGBYLEAGUEprojects gives it as 4,841
6 * The Widnes official archives give this player, Bob Blackwood as number 3 but Rothmans Rugby League Yearbook 1990-91 and 1991-92 give the position as 4
7 * The Widnes official archives give this player, Mal Aspey as number 4 but Rothmans Tearbook 1990-91 and 1991-92 give the position as 3
8 * The Widnes official archives give the stand off (No 6) as Eric Hughes but Rothmans Tearbook 1990-91 and 1991-92 give the player as Ged Lowe
9 * Central Park was the home ground of Wigan with a final capacity of 18,000, although the record attendance was 47,747 for Wigan v St Helens 27 March 1959
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1972–73 Northern Rugby Football League season
1972 Lancashire Cup
1972 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
1972 in English rugby league
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Buba Yohanna (born 12 June 1982, in Balong) is a Cameroonian professional footballer.
Club career
Buba has played for several clubs in Europe, including Altay S.K. in the Turkish Super Lig and S.C. Beira-Mar in the Portuguese Liga. They also played for Clube Recreativo da Caála in the Angolan league.
References
External links
Profile at Foradejogo.net
1982 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Primeira Liga players
Süper Lig players
Canon Yaoundé players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
Altay S.K. footballers
G.D. Estoril Praia players
Gondomar S.C. players
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Association football defenders
Richard Lee "Rick" Mewborn (born March 28, 1965) is an American former ski jumper. They competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and placed 54th in the normal hill.
Mewborn won the U.S. titles in the normal hill in 1986 and in the large hill in 1987. They took up ski jumping at Howelsen Hill in Colorado, and later trained ski jumpers there. They also run an excavation company. Mewborn is a member of the American Ski Jumping Hall of Fame.
References
1965 births
Living people
People from Carlsbad, New Mexico
American male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of the United States
Ski jumpers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Theatre Maska i Pokret is a theatre in Bosnia and Herzegovina, founded by Iva Kostović-Mandick and Petar Mandick in Sarajevo in 1980. The main characteristic of this theatre is the belief in the poetic essence of theatre, not using the language of words but what is at the very core of the theatre's origin - mask, music, movement. The theatre is included in The World Encyclopedia of Contemporary Theatre - Europe.
Performances
In the course of three years from 1980 to 1983, four plays were written, created, and produced.
"Somebody has killed the Play" – one-act play with masks
"Mme Leopoldine's Memoires" - one-act play with masks
"Overture for a Requiem" - one-act play with masks
"The Blue Flower Fairy Tale" – performance with masks for children
Awards
22 MESS Festivals of Small and Experimental Stages of Yugoslavia for the play "Somebody has killed the play"
Theatre critics, dramaturges and theatre scholars Award for the most appropriate and the most important production of the Festival
"Tree Gold Stars", a traditional VEN award for "the most thoughtful experiment"
XV International Theatre Festival, Sitges Barcelona for the play "Mme Leopoldine's Memoires"
Cau Ferrat Award for masterful use of the mask and the aesthetic value of the play
3 Biennales of Yugoslavian Puppetry, Bugojno for the performance "The Blue Flower Fairy Tale"
Gold Badge, Jury Award
References
Theatre companies
Theatre companies in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Masks in theatre
Performing groups established in 1980
Herulph was a Benedictine of the Abbey of St. Gall and Bishop of Langres of the eighth century. They founded Ellwangen Abbey.
 They are a Catholic saint.
Notes
External links
Saint Herulph at Patron Saints Index
Swiss Benedictines
8th-century Frankish saints
785 deaths
James J. "Jim" Cimino is an American physician-scientist and biomedical informatician.  They are Professor of Medicine and Director of the Informatics Institute at the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine and Adjunct Professor of Biomedical Informatics at Columbia University.  They are an elected fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics and a member of the National Academy of Medicine.
Education and training
Cimino received a Sc.B. in Biology from Brown University in 1977 and an M.D. from New York Medical College in 1981. They completed a residency in internal medicine at Saint Vincent's Hospital and a fellowship in medical informatics at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Career
Cimino pioneered the theory and formalisms of medical concept representation underpinning the use of controlled medical vocabularies in electronic medical records in support of clinical decision-making. Training under Octo Barnett at Harvard University, they also contributed to the initiation of the Unified Medical Language System. In addition, they actively practice medicine as an internist and has devoted many years to develop and innovate clinical information systems that have been integrated in the New York–Presbyterian Hospital, and the Columbia University Medical Center.
Cimino currently serves as Professor of Medicine, inaugural Director of the Informatics Institute, and Informatics Director for the Center for Clinical and Translational Science at the UAB School of Medicine. They were previously Chief of the Laboratory for Informatics Development at the NIH Clinical Center and Professor of Biomedical Informatics at Columbia University (2002-2007). At Columbia, they mentored Yves A. Lussier. They remain an Adjunct Professor of Biomedical Informatics at Columbia.
Cimino has published over 200 articles; as of October 2021, their H-index is 72.
References
External links
James Cimino at the American College of Medical Informatics
Jim Cimino at Columbia University
Medline Publications
Living people
New York Medical College alumni
United States National Library of Medicine
Health informaticians
Harvard University alumni
Brown University alumni
Columbia University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
21st-century American physicians
Paenochrobactrum glaciei is a bacterium of the genus Paenochrobactrum reclassified from Pseudochrobactrum glaciei.
References
External links
Type strain of Paenochrobactrum glaciei at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Hyphomicrobiales
Bacteria described in 2010
Telesphore Placidus Toppo (born 15 October 1939) is an Indian cardinal and was the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ranchi from 1984 until their resignation was accepted on 24 June 2018.
A polyglot, Toppo speaks Sadri, Oraon (mother tongues), Hindi, English and Italian.
Early life and ordination
Toppo was born in Chainpur, in the state of Bihar and now in Jharkhand, India, on 15 October 1939, the eighth of ten children. They and their family belonged to Adivasi community.
They studied at St. Xavier's College, Ranchi, and theology at the Pontifical Urbaniana University in Rome. They were ordained priest on 3 May 1969 by Bishop Franz von Streng.
Bishop
After a stint at Torpa (Jharkhand), as Headmaster of St Joseph's School and Director of the Lievens Vocational Center, Toppo was named Bishop of Dumka and received their episcopal consecration on 7 October 1978 from Archbishop Pius Kerketta SJ. They were appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Ranchi, capital of the Jharkhand state, on 8 November 1984. They became Archbishop there on 7 August 1985.
Cardinal
Toppo was made cardinal-priest by Pope John Paul II on 21 October 2003, given the titular church of Sacro Cuore di Gesù agonizzante a Vitinia. They were the third cardinal from India, the first Adivasi. They said the title of cardinal was a "mark of distinction for the tribal Church in India and recognition of its growth".
They were elector at the 2005 papal conclave that elected Joseph Ratzinger as Pope Benedict XVI.
They were elected to serve a two-year term president of Catholic Bishops' Conference of India on two occasions, in 2004 and 2006. They also served as president of the Conference of Catholic Bishops of India, made up of Latin Rite bishops only, from 2001 to 2004 and from 2011 to 2013.
At the Synod of Bishops in 2008, they endorsed ecumenical efforts but warned against "dilution of the Truth" and called for agreement on a common date for the celebration of Easter. At the Synod on the New Evangelization in 2012, they called on religious orders to commit themselves anew to missionary work.
They were one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2013 papal conclave that selected Pope Francis.
On 11 February 2008, they called for the proclamation of a new Marian dogma on Mary, Mediatrix of graces, Co-Redemptrix of humanity, with Jesus as sole and unique mediator.
Toppo sits on the Board of World Religious Leaders for the Elijah Interfaith Institute.
Pope Francis accepted Toppo's resignation as Archbishop of Ranchi on 24 June 2018, announcing as their successor Felix Toppo, Bishop of Jamshedpur.
References
External links
Biography at catholic-pages.com
Indian cardinals
1939 births
Living people
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in India
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in India
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Pontifical Urban University alumni
Adivasi people
People from Saharsa district
Peschanoye (, ) is an rural locality (a village) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Svetly in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Rural localities in Kaliningrad Oblast
The Egmore Eye Hospital, officially the Regional Institute of Ophthalmology and Government Ophthalmic Hospital, is a public eye hospital in Chennai, India. Considered the oldest eye hospital in Asia, the institute was established in 1819 and is the second oldest hospital of its kind, next only to the Moorfields Eye Hospital in the United Kingdom.
The hospital is associated with the prestigious Government General Hospital and Madras Medical College, Chennai and is affiliated to the Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University.
History
The hospital was originally founded in the neighbourhood of Royapettah (on the grounds of the present-day Wesley Church) in 1819 as the Madras Eye Infirmary (MEI). The first to initiate the idea of a hospital was Dr. Travers, a surgeon in London with the East India Company, and in July 1819 Dr. Robert Richardson, another surgeon, came to Madras to establish the hospital. Modelled on Moorfields Eye Hospital in London, the hospital expanded under the leadership of Drake Brodeman from 1873. Although established in Royapettah, by 1820, the hospital was shifted to Egmore, where it occupied a tram shed until 1884, when the hospital was shifted to the present-day location, where it became known as the Government Ophthalmic Hospital from 1886. A couple of buildings were built in the premises. A black plaque outside the hospital premises reads: "Government Infirmary for gratuitous treatment of diseases of the eye."
Between 1904 and 1913, the hospital expanded under the superintendency of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Elliot, who is credited for the Elliot's Trephine, an instrument used in glaucoma surgery. It was during their tenure that the Lawley Ward, a building that was declared a heritage building by the Archaeological Department of India, was built at the centre of the premises.
The Elliot School of Ophthalmology, the first in South India, was established in the hospital in 1919 by Elliot's successor Lieutenant Colonel Kirkpatric. In 1921, the Elliot Ophthalmic Museum was opened by Kirkpatric's successor Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Wright. Both of these were named after R. H. Elliot. The museum's holdings include an 1829 painting of an affected eye, sketches of tropical eye diseases by earlier practitioners, several 19th-century specimens of affected eyes and case registers (dating back to 1819), and centuries-old medical instruments. In 1940, K. Koman Nayar was appointed the hospital first Indian superintendent, who is remembered for building the Iris Repositor at the hospital. In 1942, the medical school started offering a post-graduate diploma program in ophthamology. In 1948, India's first eye bank was opened here by the then superintendent R. E. S. Muthayya. With its opening, the hospital had an entire block dedicated for eye bank. It is believed that Muthayya was the first to perform a keratoplasty.
In 1960, an old garden house opposite the old campus was obtained to build its nurses' quarters. In 1962, the School of Optometry started functioning inside the campus.
The hospital began to employ microscopes for surgeries when E. T. Selvam first used one. The hospital became a Regional Institute in 1985 under the National Programme for Control of Blindness. The Government of India recognized the hospital as a centre of excellence following which government ophthalmologists from all over the country arrive at the hospital to undergo training.
Description
With support from the Lions Club of Chennai District 324 A (an organized and separate eye bank that co-ordinates with the doctors, paramedical team and community support) workers ensure a 24-hour eye donation and eye banking service.
Training programmes offered include short-term exam-oriented training for diploma in National Board Exams.
Courses offered
MS (Ophthalmology) and DO (Diploma in Ophthalmology) - Post-graduate courses after MBBS
Optometry: Diploma in Optometry and BSc Optometry
See also
Healthcare in Chennai
Heritage structures in Chennai
Citations
References
External links
Regional Institute of Ophthalmology and Government Ophthalmic Hospital, Chennai- Official Website
Madras Medical College - Official Website
Hospitals in Chennai
Hospital buildings completed in 1911
Universities and colleges in Chennai
Medical colleges in Tamil Nadu
Ophthalmology organizations
Eye hospitals in India
1819 establishments in India
FK Prespa () is a football club based in Resen, Republic of Macedonia. They are currently competing in the Macedonian Third League (Southwest Division)
History
The club was founded in 1919.
External links
Prespa Sport
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Club info at MakFudbal
Football Federation of Macedonia
Football clubs in North Macedonia
FK Prespa
Association football clubs established in 1919
1919 establishments in Yugoslavia
Koczargi Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Stare Babice, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Koczargi Nowe
Katie-Jemima Yeats-Brown (born 5 July 1995) is a British judoka who trains full-time at the British Judo Centre of Excellence in Walsall.
Judo career
Yeats-Brown competed for England in the event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where they won a bronze medal.
 They are a three times champion of Great Britain, winning the middleweight division at the British Judo Championships in 2016 and 2017 and the half-heavyweight title in 2018. In 2018, they finished fifth in the 2018 World Judo Championships in Baku, when ranked world 32 on IJF ranking list. Compeign in the women's 78 kg category they lost to Guusje Steenhuis in the quarter finals.
in 2022, they went to their second Commonwealth Games, competing in the women's 70 kg category they won a bronze medal.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
English female judoka
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Judoka at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Judoka at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
European Games competitors for Great Britain
Judoka at the 2019 European Games
People from Pembury
Qullqi Warani (Aymara qullqi silver, also spelled Kollke Huarani) is a mountain in the Oruro Department in Bolivia at the border with Chile, north-west of the extinct Sajama volcano. It is situated in the Sajama Province, in the west of the Curahuara de Carangas Municipality. According to the Bolivian IGM map 1:50,000 'Nevados Payachata Hoja 5739-I' it lies entirely on Bolivian terrain. Qullqi Warani lies south-west of the mountains Jisk'a Kunturiri and Patilla Pata, north of Phaq'u Q'awa and south-east of Kunturiri. The little lakes Q'asiri Quta (Khasiri Kkota) and Sura Pata (Sora Pata, Sorapata) lie at its feet, east and north of it.
The river Junt'uma K'uchu (Aymara junt'u warm, hot, uma water, k'uchu corner, "warm water corner", Junthuma Khuchu) originates south of Qullqi Warani. It flows to the south-east as a right affluent of the Sajama River.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
"Headache" is a single written and performed by Frank Black. It was the sole single released from their second solo album, Teenager of the Year, released in 1994. It reached number 53 on the UK charts and number 10 on Billboards Modern Rock Tracks.
Co-produced by Black and Eric Drew Feldman (who had contributed to the Pixies' Trompe le Monde), the "blissfully anthemic" song would later appear on greatest hits compilations for Black.
Retrospective reception
The A.V. Club said the song "embodies all of the off-kilter charm and undeniable catchiness that's made Thompson's work so timeless." Interviewer Sean O'Neal described it as, "one of the greatest pop songs ever written." The Quietus said, "The tune is as deliciously catchy and Orbinsonesque [sic] as anything he'd previously written, but underlaid throughout the verse with a bassline that keeps ascending to denote pressure, it culminates in a remarkable chorus that sounds like pop's most mellifluous migraine."
Promotion
The black and white video for the song was directed by Adam Bernstein, famous at the time for their work with They Might Be Giants.
Personnel
Frank Black – vocals, guitar
Eric Drew Feldman – bass, keyboards
Nick Vincent – drums
Technical
Frank Black – co-producer
Eric Drew Feldman – co-producer
Efren Herrera – engineer
Bill Cooper – engineer
David Bianco – engineer, mixing
Frank Gryner – assistant engineer
Matt Westfield – assistant engineer
John Jackson – assistant engineer
Michael Halsband – photography
v23 – design
References
1994 songs
4AD singles
Black Francis songs
Songs written by Black Francis
Pedro Menendez High School is a public high school in the St. Johns County School District, located in southern St. Johns County, Florida, United States. It was named for Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, a sixteenth-century Spanish admiral and pirate hunter who founded St. Augustine, the first permanent European settlement and oldest port city in what is now the continental United States, on August 28, 1565.
It has a student body of over 1,300 students. The school building is a two-story octagon with an open courtyard in the center. The gymnasium and auditorium are attached on the east and west sides, respectively. The school was built simultaneously with Bartram Trail High School; Menendez was intended to relieve overcrowding at St. Augustine High School. The school opened August 28, 2000, and graduated its first class in 2001.
Their curriculum offers academy programs in the areas of business & computer technology, health science and architectural & building sciences.
Attendance boundary
Communities within the school's attendance boundary include: Butler Beach, Crescent Beach, Flagler Estates, Hastings, Marineland, St. Augustine Shores, and St. Augustine South. It also includes a small portion of St. Augustine Beach.
Advanced scholarship
The Advanced Scholars program gives students the option to participate in the rigorous programs of advanced placement, dual enrollment and honors courses. After two years of preliminary work, the school was approved for the International Baccalaureate Program, beginning in the Fall of 2010.
Notable alumni
Willie Harvey Jr., NFL player
Avery Romero, second baseman, currently playing in the MLB for the Colorado Rockies
Tony Steward, former linebacker for the Buffalo Bills and New Orleans Saints; winner of the 2010 Dick Butkus Award, given annually to the top high school linebacker in the country
References
External links
Falcon Boosters website
Alumni website
High schools in St. Johns County, Florida
Educational institutions established in 2000
Public high schools in Florida
2000 establishments in Florida
Mary Louise Baker ( Gribble; May 24, 1920 – October 1, 2007), known professionally as Joan Barry, was an American actor best known for winning a paternity suit in California in 1943 against Charlie Chaplin after an affair between the two resulted in two terminated pregnancies and the subject of the suit, a live-born girl named Carol Ann. Chaplin supported the girl financially until their 21st birthday.
Early life
Born Mary Louise Gribble on May 24, 1920, in Detroit, Michigan, to James Alfred Gribble and Gertrude Elizabeth McLaren. The Gribble family moved to New York City before June 1925. James Gribble worked as a machinist in Detroit, and as car salesperson in New York. Another daughter, Agnes, was born in 1923. James died by suicide on December 10, 1927. Gertrude later married a man named John Barry. Barry went to California in 1938 to pursue an acting career.
Chaplin affair and aftermath
Barry, 21 years old, began an affair with established director Charlie Chaplin, aged 52 years, in the summer of 1941; Chaplin had their studio sign Barry at $75 a week ($ today) with possibility of extension, and came to consider them for the starring role in Shadow and Substance, a film proposed for 1942. Chaplin spoke highly of their acting abilities; Chaplin biographer David Robinson writes in Chaplin: A Life of "Chaplin's sincerity in believing that they could make Joan Barry into an actor…. [as] they had ‘all the qualities of a new Maude Adams' and told their sons, ‘She has a quality, an ethereal something that's truly marvelous…a talent as great as any I've seen in my whole life.” Other sources, including FBI case records and Chaplin autobiographical writings, indicate the young actor to have had both talent at their craft, emotional swings, and periods of erratic behavior. According to Chaplin and some Chaplin biographers the relationship ended with Barry's harassing them and displaying signs of the mental illness which would, in later life, lead to their commitment. Barry was accused of stalking Chaplin, and had even broken into their home on several occasions. Other sources suggest that after a concerted effort by Chaplin and their studio to prepare Barry for the lead in Shadows, including orthodontic work and participation at the Max Reinhardt Workshop for acting, Chaplin lost their patience in Barry as an actor after they repeatedly missed classes and developed a drinking problem.
FBI case files and other records would record two terminated pregnancies during the affair. After Barry gave birth to a girl, Carol Ann, on October 2, 1943, their mother filed a paternity suit against Chaplin. The suit proceeded to trial, and despite blood tests which showed Chaplin was not the father, Barry's attorney, Joseph Scott, succeeded in arguing that the tests were inadmissible. Chaplin was ordered to support the child until their 21st birthday. Chaplin's second wife, Lita Grey, who was divorced from Chaplin in a bitter, highly public legal proceeding in 1927, would later assert that Chaplin had paid government officials to tamper with the blood test results, further stating that "there is no doubt that they [Carol Ann] was their child", although they could not possibly have known "without a doubt" that Barry did not have sex with other men.
Federal prosecutors brought Mann Act charges against Chaplin related to Barry in 1944, of which they were acquitted.
Personal life
Barry married Russell Seck, a railway clerk, in 1946. The couple had two sons, Russell and Stephen. The boys moved to Ohio with their father in 1952.
The following year, when they were 33, Time noted that Barry was "admitted to Patton State Hospital... after they were found walking the streets barefoot, carrying a pair of baby sandals and a child's ring, and murmuring: 'This is magic'." After their mother was committed, Carol Ann went to live with a legally appointed guardian and changed their name. They continued to receive monthly payments from Chaplin until their 21st birthday.
Barry died in New York City on October 1, 2007, at the age of 87.
In popular culture
In Richard Attenborough's film Chaplin (1992), they are played by Nancy Travis.
 They are featured as a character in Wieland Schwanebeck's play Slapstick (2021), a comedy based on the encounter between Orson Welles and Charlie Chaplin that led to the film Monsieur Verdoux (1947).
References
External links
Joan Barry: The Most (In)famous Actress to Never Appear on Screen
Charlie Chaplin FBI FOIA Case File
1920 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American actores
21st-century American women
Actresses from California
Actresses from Detroit
American film actores
Panthères Noires Kigali was a football club from Kigali in Rwanda.
In 1980 the team has won the Rwandan Premier League.
Stadium
The team plays at the Stade Regional de Kigali.
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League: 1 appearance
1986 African Cup of Champions Clubs – First Round
Achievements
Rwandan Premier League (5)
1980, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987
References
External links
Football clubs in Rwanda
Sport in Kigali
association football clubs established in 1965
association football clubs disestablished in 1989
Jonas Šimėnas (born 31 July 1953 in Anykščiai District Municipality) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 they were among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
References
Biography
1953 births
Living people
Members of the Seimas
21st-century Lithuanian politicians
People from Anykščiai District Municipality
Vilnius University alumni
Chak Tok Ichʼaak I have also known as Great Paw, Great Jaguar Paw, and Toh Chak Ichʼak (died 14 January 378) was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal. They took the throne on 7 August 360? and reigned until their death in 378, apparently at the hands of invaders from central Mexico.
Born to Kʼinich Muwaan Jol and Lady Bahlam Way, Chak Tok Ichʼaak I is one of Tikal's best known kings. Their name is recorded on a number of ceramic pieces and stelae. Stela 39, which was discovered by archaeologists in the Mundo Perdido complex, was produced to commemorate the Kʼatun ending in 376. It depicts the king standing upon a bound captive while holding an ax decorated with jaguar markings that was probably used as either a weapon or an instrument of sacrifice.
Their name also appears on the fragmentary Stela 26 from Tikal's North Acropolis, which they may have dedicated. Both stelae were deliberately smashed soon after being dedicated. Another stela from the distant site of El Temblor may have been created to mark their accession to power, but it is possible that it may instead have been dedicated to a namesake.
Their palace was located in the Central Acropolis and was identified from a carved clay vessel which had been interred under the western staircase as part of a dedication ritual. Unusually, it was never built over by later rulers, and was kept in repair for centuries as an apparently revered monument.
Stela 31 from Tikal records that Chak Tok Ichʼaak I died on the same day that Siyaj Kʼakʼ, probably a war-leader from Teotihuacan, entered Tikal. The arrival of Siyaj Kʼakʼ probably represented a forcible takeover, perhaps a conquest, which resulted in the death of Chak Tok Ichʼaak I. The dead ruler's entire lineage was overthrown and a new line of rulers took power in their place, starting with Yax Nuun Ahiin I.
Notes
Footnotes
References
Rulers of Tikal
4th century in the Maya civilization
4th-century monarchs in North America
Year of birth unknown
378 deaths
Lieutenant-General Ernest Charles Ashton CB, CMG, VD (1873–1957) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff, the head of the Canadian Army from 1935 until 21 November 1938. They retired from the Canadian Army in 1941.
Military career
Ashton was commissioned as a provisional second lieutenant in the Dufferin Rifles in 1893. Promoted to captain in 1895, major in 1902 and lieutenant colonel in 1907, they became Commanding Officer of the Dufferin Rifles that year. They were appointed Commanding Officer of 36 Battalion Canadian Expeditionary Forces in 1914 at the start of World War I. They went on to be Commanding Officer of 9th Reserve Canadian Infantry Brigade in 1915. Promoted to brigadier in 1917, they became Commander of 15th Canadian Infantry Brigade that year.
Promoted to major-general in 1918, they became Adjutant General of the Canadian Army. They went on to be Quartermaster General in 1920, Commander Military District 2 in 1930 and Commander Military District 11 in 1933. In 1935 they were selected to be Chief of the General Staff and in 1939 they became Inspector-General of Military Forces in Canada. They retired in 1941.
They were appointed a Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in January 1918 and a Companion of the Order of the Bath in June 1935.
References
External links
Generals of World War II
1873 births
1956 deaths
Canadian Anglicans
Canadian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Canadian Companions of the Order of the Bath
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Canadian Army generals of World War II
Canadian Militia officers
Canadian generals of World War I
The Third Power is a 1991 album by the New York based music group Material. The album mixes reggae. funk, dub and rap music.
Engineer Martin Bisi claims the album began as a Sly and Robbie record but "Bill really took over... And then, before you know it, the record's done and they're staring at something that they don't recognize... suddenly [they] woke up and were like, 'This is not our record and we don't want it to come out with our name on it,' and Bill just ended up calling it a Material record, The Third Power".
The Jamaican reggae rhythm section of Sly and Robbie write and perform, and there is a vocal by dancehall singer Shabba Ranks on the opening track.
Bootsy Collins from the Parliament-Funkadelic collective is also prominent as a writer and performer, and others from the p-funk collective include Gary Mudbone Cooper, Bernie Worrell, Michael Hampton and Garry Shider, and the Horny Horns of Fred Wesley, Maceo Parker and Pee Wee Ellis.
From the world of jazz, Herbie Hancock and Henry Threadgill contribute. Rappers Baby Bam and Mike G from the Jungle Brothers provide vocals on one track, and The Last Poets' Jalaluddin Mansur Nuriddin contributes vocals to two.
"Reality" was issued as a CD single in 1993 (Axiom/Island, AXMCD 2) with the album version, "Virtual Reality Mix" by Bill Laswell and "Dancehall Mix" by Sly Dunbar. The "Virtual Reality Mix" was included on Axiom Collection: Manifestation.
"Playin' with Fire" was issued as a 12" single in 1992 (Axiom/Island, 422-866 499-1) featuring mixes "Ft. Greene Playground" and "Hip Brick Burnout Remix" by Eric Sadler and Chris Champion, and "Third Power Version" and "Praxis Edit" by Bill Laswell and Jason Corsaro. The "Praxis Edit" was included on Axiom Collection: Manifestation.
"Cosmic Slop" is a cover from Funkadelic's 1973 song Cosmic Slop, which also appeared on Axion Funk: Funkcronomicon and Axiom Collection: Illuminations.
"Mellow Mood" is a cover of Bob Marley and The Wailers 1967 single.
Track listing
"Reality" (Shabba Ranks, Bill Laswell, Sly Dunbar, Robbie Shakespeare) – 5:15
"Playin' with Fire" (Nathaniel Hall, Michael Small, Laswell, Bootsy Collins, Dunbar, Shakespeare) – 5:14
"Cosmic Slop" (George Clinton, Bernie Worrell) – 5:15
"E-Pluribus-Unum" (Jalaluddin Mansur Nuriddin, Laswell, Dunbar, Shakespeare) – 3:40
"Drive-By" (Laswell, Dunbar, Shakespeare) – 3:21
"Power of Soul (Black Chant)" (Nuriddin, Laswell, Collins, Dunbar, Shakespeare) – 5:24
"Mellow Mood" (Bob Marley) – 4:22
"Glory" (Laswell, Collins, Dunbar, Shakespeare) – 4:33
Personnel
Material
Bill Laswell – production
Additional musicians
Jungle Brothers (Baby Bam and Mike G) – vocals ("Playin' with Fire")
Jalaluddin Mansur Nuriddin – vocals ("E-Pluribus-Unum", "Power of Soul (Black Chant)")
Shabba Ranks – vocals ("Reality")
Bootsy Collins – backing vocals and guitar
Gary Shider – vocals ("Cosmic Slop") and guitar
Gary Mudbone Cooper – backing vocals
Jenny Peters – backing vocals
Herbie Hancock – piano
Bernie Worrell – piano and organ
Jeff Bova – synths
Henry Threadgill – flute
Robbie Shakespeare – bass
Nicky Skopelitis – guitar and Fairlight CMI
Michael Hampton – guitar
Aïyb Dieng – percussion
Sly Dunbar – drums and drum programming
Brass section
Arranged and conducted by Henry Threadgill
Olu Dara – cornet and African trumpet
Joe Daly – baritone
Richard Harper – euphonium
Marcus Rojas – tuba
Joel Brandon – whistling
String section
Material strings arranged and conducted by Karl Berger
Horn section
Fred Wesley – trombone
Maceo Parker – alto sax
Pee Wee Ellis – tenor sax
Production
Recorded at Greenpoint Studio, B.C. Studio and Platinum Island Studio, New York.
Produced by Bill Laswell.
Engineers Robert Musso, Oz Fritz and Martin Bisi.
Mixed by Jason Corsaro at Platinum Island Studios
Cover by Thi-Linh Le.
Release history
1991 – Axiom / Island, 422-848-417-2 (CD)
1991 – Axiom / Island / BMG, 926 9526 (CD)
References
External links
The Third Power at Bandcamp
1991 albums
Material (band) albums
Albums produced by Bill Laswell
Axiom (record label) albums
Stop Bullshit () was a queer anarchist collective in Warsaw with the goal of fighting homophobia and transphobia, founded in May 2019 by Małgorzata "Margot" Szutowicz and Zuzanna "Łania" Madej, opposing the actions of the .
A series of direct actions carried out by the collective in the summer of 2020 provoked a wide media attention and a deeply polarized social discussion on the rights of LGBT+ people, attended by, among others representatives of the world of culture, science, the highest levels of Polish politics or the hierarchs of the Catholic Church in Poland.
The organization disbanded itself in 2021.
Views
In a BBC interview in September 2020, Szutowicz explained: "I want to show my community that we no longer have to live in fear [...] For years we've been asking for minimal provisions and legislation that would protect us - if not from discrimination, then at least from physical violence." Regarding whether violence was a valid method of resistance, they answered: "People who have not lived the lives of the LGBT community in this country shouldn't judge us [...] And nobody should be surprised if we are eventually forced to take things into our own hands."
While detained, Szutowicz went on a hunger strike and requested a New Testament, later stating that Christianity is too serious a matter to be left in Polish Catholics' hands. Margot also stated that they are a Christian.
Activity
The collective started its activity in May 2019, in opposition to the activity of the Pro Foundation, whose volunteers collected signatures under the civic legislative initiative Stop Pedophilia Act, for which the collective is named. The draft act assumed increased penalties for pedophilic acts, but also, under the pretext of counteracting these acts, penalized sex education. The impulse for an organized action, and at the same time a clear turning point, marking the transformation of current activist activity by Małgorzata "Margot" Szutowicz and Łania Madej into the Stop Bzdurom collective were the repercussions after a verbal skirmish between them and several passers-by with the Pro Foundation volunteers, which took place on May 15, 2019 at the Warsaw "Pan" (the square in front of the Metro Centrum entrance). As a result, there was a struggle between passers-by and members of the Foundation and the police. Several people were arrested at that time, including Małgorzata Szutowicz.
After the events in the center of Warsaw, Łania Madej and Małgorzata Szutowicz decided to set up the Stop Bzdurom collective. Initially, its aim was to oppose the activities of the Pro Foundation, as well as to create more theories about anti-LGBT rhetoric, and fight against disinformation regarding sex education. The collective advocated a radical and grass-roots fight for the rights of LGBT+ people. It often expressed its attachment to anarchist ideas and skepticism towards mainstream politics.
The collective initially organized a series of dance events in front of the stands of the Pro Foundation. They aroused interest in the public space, thanks to which the collective engaged in further activities; launched a website and a fanpage on Facebook, through which it denied the information provided by the Pro Foundation. Leaflets explaining what sex education is and explaining some of the terms related to it were also printed and distributed. The collective was involved in many other educational and support activities for the LGBT community in Poland.
In June 2020, during the election campaign preceding the presidential election, the collective organized an event in front of the Presidential Palace in Warsaw, entitled "A provocation of LGBT ideology", which was supposed to be a response to the statement of President Andrzej Duda, who said during a rally in Brzeg that LGBT people are not people, but ideology.
Destruction of banners on delivery vans
One of the goals of the Pro Foundation is to limit the right to perform abortion. Its attitude is popularized by, among others by showing pictures of dead children and fetuses in public spaces. The organization does this most often by displaying banners, placing posters on billboards, as well as trucks with photos driving around the city. These actions, organized in various Polish cities, aroused much controversy and were also directly attacked. After launching the "Stop Pedophilia" campaign, the Foundation started putting vans with banners on the roads, with slogans about alleged links between homosexuality and pedophilia, as well as opposing sex education. The Stop Bzdurom collective expressed its firm opposition to the methods used by the foundation. Already in 2019, people associated with the collective had destroyed one of the anti-abortion vans.
The event on Wilcza Street
In June 2020, there were posts on the collective's Facebook profile regarding the stoppage of trucks of the Pro Foundation, as well as the painting over their license plates and tarpaulins. On June 27, at Wilcza Street in Warsaw (near the Syrena squat), one of the vans was detained and then destroyed by a group of people. During the incident, Małgorzata Szutowicz was alleged to have attacked the driver of the vehicle. The fragment of the recording of the incident, published by the foundation, shows that Łania Madej also participated in the event. Margot told the BBC that they only attempted to stop the truck driver from filming them with their mobile phone and did not assault him: "I wish I could have beat them up - but they were three or four times larger than me."
On the morning of July 14, the police in civilian clothes entered the apartment where Małgorzata Szutowicz was staying. According to the reports of those present at the scene, the officers first threatened to force the door open, and after opening it, they did not give the reason for the attack and did not allow their date to be written down. The activist was led out of the apartment without shoes and not informed of them whereabouts. On the following day, the District Court for Warsaw-Mokotów rejected the prosecutor's request for a 2-month detention of Małgorzata Szutowicz.
Hanging flags on monuments
On the night of July 28-29, the Stop Bzdurom, Gang Samzamęt and Poetka collectives organized a civil disobedience campaign involving the display of rainbow flags on Warsaw monuments. There was also an ideological proclamation next to each one, and on some of them pink scarves with the symbol of queer anarchism were hung. The monuments with flags were the monuments of Józef Piłsudski, Nicolaus Copernicus, Jesus Christ, Wincenty Witos, and the Mermaids. The action generated discourse on the Internet almost immediately. It also caused a lot of controversy, especially related to the hanging of the flag on the statue of Jesus Christ at the Holy Cross Church in Warsaw. The case was discussed in nationwide media, and conservative circles accused the people participating in the action of profanation. Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki also reacted to the event by lighting a candle at the statue of Jesus Christ on July 29 and commenting on the event with the words: “We will not make the mistakes of the West. Tolerance towards barbarity leads to this”. On August 6, after being sworn in for another term, Andrzej Duda laid flowers at the monument.
In the days following the hanging of flags on Warsaw's monuments, the Warsaw Police Headquarters arrested three people associated with the action, including members of the Stop Bzdurom collective. The manner in which Małgorzata Szutowicz was arrested, who was detained by plainclothes officers in the middle of the day on the street, was particularly criticized. These actions were carried out at the request of the Deputy Minister of Justice Sebastian Kaleta, who applied to the prosecutor's office for insulting religious feelings and insulting Warsaw monuments. The activists were released soon, but on August 7, the Warsaw court examined the complaint of the District Prosecutor's Office in Warsaw against the court's earlier decision not to arrest and ordered Małgorzata Szutowicz to be detained for 2 months. The grounds for the decision were initially classified by the prosecutor's office, but were eventually disclosed. The reasons were given as "fear of fleeing or hiding", "high probability of committing the alleged act", as well as the fear of "taking unlawful actions influencing the course of the proceedings". The decision was negatively addressed by, inter alia, the Council of Europe's Human Rights Commissioner - Dunja Mijatović and the President of Court Watch Polska - Bartosz Pilitowski.
Protests on August 7
During the next arrest of Małgorzata Szutowicz, which took place in front of the Campaign Against Homophobia, there were protests, during which 48 people were arrested. After the events, police actions were criticized as being too brutal and also far exceeding the required minimum. The Ombudsman, Adam Bodnar, referred to the case, noting that the police caught random people on the street and then arrested them. The Polish authorities have been accused in many media of using the police repressive apparatus to persecute sexual minorities. In response to allegations of brutality, on August 10, the police released videos of the protesters' behavior. After the events related to the arrest of Małgorzata Szutowicz, solidarity actions were organized all over Poland and abroad. Demonstration in Warsaw at the Parade Square gathered several thousand people. The foreign media also spoke about the whole case. An open letter was also sent to the Polish authorities, demanding that Małgorzata Szutowicz be released from custody and that the rights of LGBT persons be guaranteed. The letter was signed by several hundred scholars from around the world, including: Natalia Aleksiun, Maurice Aymard, Daniel Beauvois, Judith Butler, Noam Chomsky, Natalie Zemon Davis and Galit Hasan-Rokem. There was also a letter signed by people of culture (signed, among others, by Pedro Almodóvar, Margaret Atwood, Richard Flanagan, Ed Harris, Slavoj Žižek and Olga Tokarczuk), as well as persons supporting Margot (including Adam Boniecki, Maja Komorowska, Michael Schudrich, Paula Sawicka, Alfred Wierzbicki and Jacek Jassem).
Margot was misgendered by Polish police and right-wing politicians. Some media outlets, such as Onet.pl and , also used Szutowicz's masculine deadname. The latter started using Margot's preferred name after backlash and threats of having its donations cut off by supporters. It also led to the resignation of the chairperson Piotr Jedliński.
On 4 September 2020, Margot was released from imprisonment after a successful legal appeal. Following their release, they posted a photograph holding up their middle finger and holding a scrabble sign saying "Poland, you preek [sic], stop arresting my Margot". On 7 September 2020, a protest in support of Margot was held in front of the martyrdom monument at Old Market square, Bydgoszcz.
Disestablishment
In mid-2021, the leaders of Stop Bzdurom dissolved it since they no longer wanted to work as a public group. In an interview, Małgorzata Szutowicz said that having a public position with the media was not helpful for reaching their goals and that they were now working in the background to support other groups.
References
Notes
External links
Stop Bzdurom official website
2019 establishments in Poland
2021 disestablishments in Poland
Anarchist organizations in Poland
LGBT anarchism
LGBT organisations in Poland
Organizations established in 2019
Organizations disestablished in 2021
Marat Soslanovich Tsallagov (; born 23 March 1982) is a Russian former footballer who played as defender.
External links
1982 births
Sportspeople from Vladikavkaz
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Russian Premier League players
FC Elista players
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk players
The Emigrant Wilderness of Stanislaus National Forest is a wilderness area in the Sierra Nevada. It is bordered by Yosemite National Park on the south, the Toiyabe National Forest and the Hoover Wilderness on the east, and State Route 108 over Sonora Pass on the north. It is an elongated area that extends northeast about in length and up to in width. Watersheds drain to the Stanislaus and Tuolumne Rivers. This area is entirely within Tuolumne County, California and is approximately east of San Francisco, California and south of Lake Tahoe.
The Emigrant Wilderness is a glaciated landscape of scenic beauty. The northeastern third of the Wilderness is dominated by volcanic ridges and peaks; the remaining areas consist of many sparsely vegetated, granitic ridges interspersed with numerous lakes and meadows. Elevations range from below near Cherry Reservoir to at Leavitt Peak, but the elevation range of most of the popular areas is . Precipitation averages annually, 80% of it in the form of snow. Snowpacks typically linger into June, sometimes later following very wet winters. Summers are generally dry and mild, but afternoon thundershowers occur periodically and nighttime temperatures could dip below freezing anytime.
History
Various native peoples occupied this area for 10,000 years, spending the summer and early autumn hunting in the high country and trading with groups from the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada. The most recent groups were the Sierra Miwok of the western slope and Piute of the Great Basin.
Following the discovery of gold in 1848, large numbers of miners and settlers came to the Sierra and the native cultures quickly declined. In September–October 1852, the Clark-Skidmore party became the first emigrant group to travel the West Walker route over Emigrant Pass, continuing through a portion of the present-day Emigrant Wilderness. Several more emigrant parties were enticed by officials from Sonora to use this route in 1853, but it was a very difficult passage with many hardships and was soon abandoned. Relief Valley and Relief Reservoir were so named because of the assistance some emigrants received there from residents of the Sonora area.
In 1931, the United States Forest Service designated this area for primitive management as the Emigrant Basin Primitive Area. On January 4, 1975, the Emigrant Basin Primitive Area was designated as the Emigrant Wilderness.
Dam Controversy
Since 1975, 18 small dams in the Emigrant Wilderness have been the source of an unresolved political debate. The dams were constructed by anglers who tightly stacked nearby stones and boulders. Some support proposals to maintain the dams while others feel the dams should be allowed to decay in keeping with the Wilderness Act. A decision by the Stanislaus National Forest to compromise and leave some dams to naturally deteriorate while allowing maintenance of others was overturned in court in 2006, reigniting some of the controversy. The Forest Service chose not to appeal and the dams will gradually disappear.
Recreation
From Sonora Pass in the north, the Pacific Crest Trail follows a scenic route at the east edge of the Emigrant Wilderness along the high ridge past Leavitt Peak, turns further east from Kennedy Canyon to Bond Pass, and then heads south down Jack Main Canyon.
Many other trails criss-cross the Emigrant Wilderness, from Leavitt Meadow on the East side, Kennedy Meadow on the West side, and other trailheads. Highlights include cliffs in the Granite Dome area and lakes such as Emigrant Lake, Huckleberry Lake, and Lake Lertoria.
References
External links
Wilderness.net
TopoQuest map
Protected areas of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Protected areas of Tuolumne County, California
Wilderness areas of California
Stanislaus National Forest
Keith J. Allred is an American lawyer and retired Naval officer.
Early life and career
Keith Johns Allred was born on January 4, 1955, and died September 11, 2018. Judge Allred entered the Navy in 1979 after completing a Bachelor of Arts degree with High Honors at Brigham Young University. Initially assigned as a surface warfare officer, they served three years at sea aboard destroyers USS OLDERNDORF (DD-972)and USS TOWERS (DDG-9), qualifying as a Command Duty Officer, Officer of the Deck at Sea, and Navigator, with much of their initial assignment forward deployed to the US SEVENTH FLEET, operating from Yokosuka Japan and westward in the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf. In 1982 they were selected for the highly competitive Law Education Program, and accepted an offer to attend the University of Washington School of Law.
They received their Juris Doctor in 1985 from the University of Washington. They served in the U.S. Navy in various capacities: in 1995 as general counsel, Naval Medical Center, San Diego, Calif.; in 1999 as circuit trial judge, Western Pacific Judicial Circuit, Yokosuka, Japan; and in 2005 as senior trial judge, Western Judicial Circuit, and military
Military career
Dismissed all charges against Salim Ahmed Hamdan
On June 4, 2007, Allred dismissed all charges against Salim Ahmed Hamdan.
Hamdan had been one of the first four Guantanamo captives to face charges before a military commission.
It was Hamdan's habeas corpus request, Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, that resulted in the United States Supreme Court ruling that the first version of the Guantanamo military commissions were unconstitutional.
The United States Congress, which the Supreme Court had ruled did have the constitutional authority to institute military commissions passed the Military Commissions Act in the fall of 2006.
Allred, and Peter Brownback, the officer presiding over Omar Khadr's Tribunal, ruled that the since the Act only authorized the Commissions to try "unlawful enemy combatants", and that Hamdan and Khadr's Combatant Status Review Tribunals had merely confirmed that the captives were "enemy combatants", the Commissions lacked jurisdiction.
See also
Military Police: Enemy Prisoners of War, Retained Personnel, Civilian Internees and Other Detainees
References
Guantanamo Military Commission members
Living people
University of Washington School of Law alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
Brigham Young University alumni
1955 births
Distances Between Ports (PUB 151) is a publication that lists the distances between major ports. Reciprocal distances between two ports may differ due to the different routes of currents and climatic conditions chosen. To reduce the number of listings
needed, junction points along major routes are used to consolidate routes converging from different directions.
This book can be most effectively used for voyage planning in conjunction with the proper volume(s) of the Sailing Directions (Planning Guide). It is corrected via the Notice to Mariners.
The positions listed for ports are central positions that most represent each port. The distances are between positions shown for each port and are generally over routes that afford the safest passage. Most of the distances represent the shortest navigable routes, but in some cases, longer routes, that take advantage of favorable currents, have been used. In other cases, increased distances result from routes selected to avoid ice or other dangers to navigation, or to follow required separation schemes.
Sources
The text of this article originated from section 414 of The American Practical Navigator, a document produced by the government of the United States of America.
See also
American Practical Navigator
Coast Pilots
List of Lights
Local Notice to Mariners
Notice to Mariners
Sailing Directions
External links
Chapter 4: Nautical Publications – from the online edition of Nathaniel Bowditch's American Practical Navigator
Distances Between Ports Online
Distances Between U.S. Ports
Distances Between Ports worldwide
Navigation
Hydrography
Marian Bíreš (born 27 July 1964 in Banská Bystrica) is a retired Slovak alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1964 births
Living people
Slovak male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovak male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Sportspeople from Banská Bystrica
Universiade gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Competitors at the 1989 Winter Universiade
Ryakia (), known before 1926 as Radyani (), is a village in Pieria, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Pydna-Kolindros, of which it is a municipal community. The 2011 census recorded 367 residents in the village.
See also
Pydna-Kolindros
List of settlements in the Pieria regional unit
References
Populated places in Pieria (regional unit)
The Château de Beaulon is a château—castle located in the town of Saint Dizant du Gua, near the southwestern coast in the Charente-Maritime Department of the Poitou-Charentes region, in France. The privately owned château, gardens, and landscape park, a Monument historique, are open to the public.
Château
The château was built circa 1480 as a residence for the Bishops of Bordeaux. The château has both stone Gothic and Renaissance style facades.
Gardens
The present gardens were created beginning in 1942. The park includes a French formal garden around the château, and an English landscape garden. The garden is listed by the Committee of Parks and Gardens of the French Ministry of Culture as one of the Remarkable Gardens of France.
A major feature of the landscape park are the Fontaines Bleues, natural springs whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue. There is also a round dovecote structure with a conical roof, dating from 1740, with fifteen hundred nesting holes.
The gardens suffered major damage from the storm of 1999, which blew down hundreds of trees. They have since been replanted and are restored.
External links
Official Château de Beaulon website
Comité des Parcs et Jardins de France website: searchable databaset for all listed gardens
Gardens in Charente-Maritime
Castles in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Monuments historiques of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Springs of France
Beaulon, Chateau
Riparia is a genus of passerine birds in the swallow family Hirundinidae.
These are small or medium-sized swallows, ranging from in length. They are brown above and mainly white below, and all have a dark breast band. They are closely associated with water. They nest in tunnels which are usually excavated by the birds themselves in a natural sand bank or earth mound. They lay white eggs, which are incubated by both parents, in a nest of straw, grass, and feathers in a chamber at the end of the burrow. Some species breed colonially.
The cosmopolitan sand martin is almost completely migratory, breeding across temperate Eurasia and North America and wintering in the tropics. The other species are partial migrants or resident. Riparia martins, like other swallows, take insects in flight over water, grassland, or other open country.
Taxonomy
The genus Riparia was introduced by the German naturalist Johann Reinhold Forster in 1817 with the sand martin (Riparia riparia) as the type species. The genus name is from the Latin riparius which means "of the riverbank"; it is derived from the Latin ripa "riverbank".
The genus contains five species:
The genus formerly included the banded martin but this species is now placed in its own genus Neophedina.
Fossil record
Riparia minor (late Miocene of Polgardi, Hungary)
References
Hirundinidae
Bird genera
Taxa named by Thomas Ignatius Maria Forster
The 1926 Canton Bulldogs season was their sixth and final season in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–4, winning only one game. They finished twentieth in the league.
Schedule
Standings
References
Canton Bulldogs seasons
Canton Bulldogs
Canton Bulldogs
Yeşilyayla is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
CASC or Casc may refer to:
CADE ATP System Competition
California Association of Student Councils
Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity
Canadian Army Service Corps, redesignated as the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps
Canadian Automobile Sport Clubs
Cardington Artificial Slalom Course
Carl Albert State College
Centre for Advanced Structural Ceramics
Certificate Authority Security Council
China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation
China Aviation Supplies Import and Export Group Corporation, also known as CASC Group
Community amateur sports club - a UK tax status
Corps Area Service Command - a part of the Corps area organization of the U.S. army from 1920-1942
See also
KASC (disambiguation)
Casque (disambiguation)
Cask (disambiguation)
Kask (disambiguation)
William Foular was a Scottish apothecary who served the Scottish court.
Foular supplied medicines and cures to James IV of Scotland and their wife Margaret Tudor. Payments were recorded in the royal treasurer's accounts. They were based in Edinburgh, and a burgess of the town. They seem to have sold books, missals, and offertory candles to the king, although similar books were also provided by a man called by "John Foular".
From January 1500 Foular had a royal pension of 20 merks paid from the customs of Edinburgh, and was exempted from the burdens of civic duties.
They were paid in December 1507 for the "distillation of waters" and aqua vitae for the King and Queen over the year, and for English apothecary books supplied to the royal household.
Foular supplied "glasses" which were perhaps urinals for diagnosis. James IV was an enthusiastic alchemist and maintained furnaces at Stirling Castle and Holyrood Palace in an attempt to make the fifth element, the "quinta essentia". Foular sourced materials for the project, including five pounds of quicksilver or mercury.
In January 1503 they were paid £34 Scots for a year's supplies, and in June 1504 just over £37 for apothecary goods supplied to James IV over four months.
In July 1504 Foular sent medicinal spices including pepper, cinnamon, "cubebarum", and "galiga", with glass urinals, to Margaret Tudor at Stirling Castle. The order was for a recipe provided by Master Robert Schaw. Schaw appears to have been a physician serving the women of the court, and was mentioned in William Dunbar's poem Of a Dance in the Quenis Chamber.
Margaret Tudor suffered from nosebleeds, and Foular provided a blood stone or heliotrope as a remedy in February 1505 with "other stuff for bleeding of the nose". At the same time they sent medicines according to a recipe provided by Master William Baillie, and sent fine green ginger and citron comfits to the queen.
They may have supplied blue azurite in three grades to the king's painter working at Stirling in July 1506. Foular also provided materials to another court apothecary, John Mosman. The last payment recorded to Foular was in December 1512 for a year's supply of "powder, spicery, apothecary, and materials for the King and Queen".
In the 1590s the Scottish court was served by the apothecary Alexander Barclay.
References
Court of James IV of Scotland
Household of Margaret Tudor
16th-century Scottish people
People in health professions from Edinburgh
Scottish apothecaries
Scottish alchemists
Archer Kent Blood (March 20, 1923 – September 3, 2004) was an American career diplomat and academic. They served as the last American Consul General to Dhaka, Bangladesh (East Pakistan at the time).  They are famous for sending the strongly worded "Blood Telegram" protesting against the atrocities committed in the Bangladesh Liberation War. They also served in Greece, Algeria, Germany, Afghanistan and ended their career as charge d'affaires of the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi, India, retiring in 1982.
Early life and education
Born in Chicago, Archer Blood graduated from high school in Lynchburg, Virginia. They received a bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia in 1943, then served in the U.S. Navy in the North Pacific in World War II. In 1947, they joined the Foreign Service, and received a master's degree in international relations from George Washington University in 1963.
Career
In 1970, Blood arrived in Dhaka, East Pakistan, as U.S. consul general. When the Bangladesh genocide began, their consulate regularly reported events as they occurred to the White House, but received no response due to America's alliance with West Pakistan, fuelled in part by President Nixon's personal friendship with the then-President of Pakistan, Yahya Khan, as well as by National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger's desire to use Pakistan's cordial relationship with China as a pathway to resuming American relations with China. Although Blood's initial cables failed to elicit a response from their government, they caused a stir with the American public when they were leaked, prompting Pakistan's foreign ministry to complain to the American government.
With tensions in East Pakistan rising, Blood saw the independence of Bangladesh as an inevitability, remarking that "the ominous prospect of a military crackdown is much more than a possibility, but it would only delay, and ensure, the independence of [sic.] Bangla Desh." After foreign journalists were rounded up and expelled from East Pakistan, Blood even sheltered a reporter who had snuck away so that events could continue to be reported, in addition to sheltering Hindu Bengalis being targeted by the West Pakistani forces, despite being warned by the American government to refrain from doing so.
Blood also played a role in the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, though this may not have been known in the United States at the time. A report suggests that one of the two triggers for the invasion was "Amin's reception of acting American Chargé d'Affaires Archer Blood on October 27" in 1979.
The Blood Telegram
The Blood Telegram (April 6, 1971), sent via the State Department's Dissent Channel, was seen as the most strongly worded expression of dissent in the history of the U.S. Foreign Service. It was signed by 20 members of the diplomatic staff. The telegram stated:
In an earlier telegram (March 27, 1971), Archer Blood wrote about American observations at Dhaka under the subject heading "Selective genocide":
Aftermath
Although Blood was scheduled for another 18-month tour in Dhaka, President Richard M. Nixon and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger recalled them from that position since their opposition went against their hopes of using the support of West Pakistan for diplomatic openings to China and to counter the power of the Soviet Union. They were assigned to State Department's personnel office. Government officials in 1972 admitted that they didn't believe the magnitude of the killings, labeling the telegram alarmist. Their career was greatly marred by the telegram. They wrote the book The Cruel Birth of Bangladesh – Memoirs of an American Diplomat, about their experience during the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Archer Blood received the Christian A. Herter Award in 1971 for "extraordinary accomplishment involving initiative, integrity, intellectual courage and creative dissent". The Blood Telegram was also a precursor to the formation of the State Department 'Dissent Channel' that formed in the following years, a mechanism through which agency officials could express formal critiques of the United States foreign policy.
Legacy
Blood died of arterial sclerosis on September 3, 2004, in Fort Collins, Colorado, where they had been living since 1993. Their death made headlines in Bangladesh. Bangladesh sent a delegation to the funeral in Fort Collins and Mrs. Blood received numerous communiques from Bangladeshis. Their contribution in shaping the moral contours of American diplomacy in 1971 was acknowledged by The Washington Post in its obituary.
In May 2005, Blood was posthumously awarded the Outstanding Services Award by the Bangladeshi-American Foundation, Inc. (BAFI) at the First Bangladeshi-American Convention. Mr. Blood received this Award for their role in 1970 and 1971 for the cause of humanity and their brave stance against the US official policy while the Pakistan army was engaged in a genocidal mission in what is now Bangladesh. Their son, Peter Blood, accepted the award on behalf of the family. This was followed on December 13, 2005, by the dedication of the American Center Library, U.S. Embassy Dhaka, in the name of Archer K. Blood. Present at the ribbon-cutting ceremony were Chargé d'Affaires Judith Chammas, Mrs. Margaret Blood and their children, Shireen Updegraff and Peter Blood.
In 2022 the State Department named a conference room at its Foggy Bottom headquarters in Blood's honor.
Publications
The Cruel Birth of Bangladesh: Memoirs of an American Diplomat. Bangladesh: University Press Limited, 2002.
References
Further reading
Sajit Gandhi The Tilt: The U.S. and the South Asian Crisis of 1971 National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No. 79 December 16, 2002 contains links to the "Blood telegram" and a number of other U.S. declasified papers of that time.
US Department of State on Foreign Relations and South Asia crisis 1969-1976
Joe Galloway: Rest in Peace Archer Blood, American Hero
Obituary Washington Post
Bass, Gary Jonathan, 2013. The Blood Telegram. A Borzoi books.
External links
Archer Blood's Bafi Award
US Embassy - Dhaka, Bangladesh
Documentation about the Bangladesh Liberation War and Archer Blood
1923 births
2004 deaths
American diplomats
University of Virginia alumni
Elliott School of International Affairs alumni
American expatriates in Pakistan
People from Chicago
United States Foreign Service personnel
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American expatriates in Greece
American expatriates in Algeria
American expatriates in Germany
American expatriates in Afghanistan
American expatriates in India
20th-century American diplomats
Rajanpally is a village in Gudur mandal in Mahabubabad district, India. It comes under the Mahabubabad Lok Sabha and assembly constituency.
Villages in Mahabubabad district
Bentley House may refer to:
in England
Bentley House (East Sussex), a historic house in East Sussex, England
in the United States
(by state)
Rev. Doc. Robert Bentley House, a city-designated landmark in Berkeley, California that was home to Archetype Press
Bentley House (Springfield, Missouri), a place of interest in Springfield, Missouri
Crowninshield-Bentley House, Salem, Massachusetts
George Bentley House, Worcester, MA, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Matthew R. Bentley House, a historic place in Red Cloud, Nebraska
Parks-Bentley House, a historic place in South Glens Falls, New York
Melius-Bentley House, Ancram, NY, a historic place in Pine Plains, New York
Wilson Alwyn "Snowflake" Bentley House, a historic place in Jericho, Vermont
Ağzıpek is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
James Ormond (born 18 June 1973) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jack Bush is an American football coach. They currently serve as the outside linebackers coach and special teams coordinator at Mississippi Valley State University in Itta Bena, Mississippi. Bush served as the head football coach at Central State University in Wilberforce, Ohio in 1996 and Lincoln University in Jefferson City, Missouri from to 2000 to 2001.
Head coaching record
College
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alabama State Hornets football coaches
Avila Eagles football coaches
Bowling Green Falcons football coaches
Central State Marauders football coaches
Jackson State Tigers football coaches
Johnson C. Smith Golden Bulls football coaches
Lincoln Blue Tigers football coaches
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football coaches
New England Patriots scouts
Tuskegee Golden Tigers football coaches
High school football coaches in Maryland
High school football coaches in Missouri
Lincoln University (Missouri) alumni
African-American coaches of American football
21st-century African-American people
6β-Naltrexol-d4, also known as 6β-hydroxynaltrexone-d4, is a deuterium-labeled form of 6β-naltrexol used for NMR imaging. Unlike opioid inverse agonists such as naloxone and naltrexone (which are often dubbed "antagonists" for simplicity's sake), 6β-naltrexol and 6β-naltrexol-d4 are opioid neutral antagonists.
References
4,5-Epoxymorphinans
Kappa-opioid receptor antagonists
Mu-opioid receptor antagonists
Semisynthetic opioids
Pulai is a federal constituency in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Pulai constituency has a total of 40 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Batrachorhina vadoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1957. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1957
Öznurtepe, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Xiphodolamia is a rare extinct genus of mackerel shark which lived during the Eocene epoch. It is only known from isolated teeth, but has been found in Europe, Africa, and Asia. It is assumed to be pelagic, occurring more frequently in deeper water deposits, most notably the London Clay and Eocene deposits in Denmark. It is distinguished by its rectangular root and twisted blade, unique among Mackerel sharks. It is unclear what niche this specialized dentition helped exploit.
Taxonomy and Affinities
The following species have been attributed to Xiphodolamia:
X. ensis
X. serrata
X. eocaena(?)
X. barbadica(?)
X. barbadica was described from the Lutetian-aged Scotland Formation of the West Indies, and X eocaena was treated as the Ypresian-aged North American and European representative. X. ensis was originally described out of the early-middle Eocene of Central Asia and Jordan. However, X. barbadica and X. eocaeana are not easily discernable from the type species X. ensis, and most recent authors have treated them as junior synonyms. X. serrata is a serrated variety known from the Upper Eocene of Africa and Arabia. It appears to be the culmination of a singular evolving lineage, and thus Xiphodolamia is an example of anagensis. The development of serrations in Xiphodolamia mirrors that of Otodus in the Ypresian, and thus is an example of convergent evolution. This genus is not known to have survived into the Oligocene. Though in the past the genus has been placed in many orders, it is now the consensus Xiphodolamia is an unusual member of the order Lamniformes. However, its placement within Lamniformes is uncertain, especially its relationship to Lamnidae and Isurus. Some have placed it in its own family, Xiphidolamnidae. It is unlikely this matter will be resolved until associated material or transitional fossils are found and described.
Paleobiogeography
Xiphodolamia is widely but thinly spread. The following places have produced Xiphodolamia teeth:
North America
Maryland (Nanjemoy Formation)
South Carolina (Santee Limestone)
Barbados (Scotland Beds)
New Jersey
Europe
England (London Clay)
Belgium (Tielt Formation)
The Netherlands (Dongen Formation)
Italy
Romania
Slovakia
Asia
Kazakhstan (Tologaysor Formation)
Jordan
Iran
Africa
Angola
Togo
References
Lamniformes
Fossils of Angola
Prehistoric shark genera
Eocene
Scare tactics may refer to:
Scare tactics, or fear mongering, the tactical use of fear, fright, or terror
Scare Tactics, a 2003–2013 American hidden-camera pranks television series
Scare Tactics (comic), a 1996–1998 DC Comics mini-series.
Alan Cromwell (1938 – 28 September 1995) was a Canadian blues and folk musician who was active on the folk scene in Toronto, during the 1960s and 1970s, where they performed at Steele's Tavern, the Horseshoe Tavern, The Purple Onion and various venues in Kensington Market and Yorkville, Toronto. From Phinneys Cove, Nova Scotia, they learned spirituals, blues, and folk songs from their father, Norman Cromwell.
Cromwell performed during the early years of the Mariposa Folk Festival, notably in 1963.
In the 1980s, Cromwell became better known as a blues player, playing with Sonny Terry, Brownie McGhee and Josh White. They continued to be a regular live performer in Toronto throughout the 1980s and 1990s in jazz and folk clubs.  They are included on the live album Grossman's Live issued in 1987.
Cromwell died in Toronto on September 28, 1995. They were posthumously inducted as a memorial member of the Porcupine Awards Hall of Fame. An award was established in their name in the Folk/Blues category in the same year.
References
Musicians from Nova Scotia
Canadian blues guitarists
Black Nova Scotians
Canadian folk musicians
1938 births
1995 deaths
20th-century African-American people
The 2018 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 was a motor racing event for Supercars, held on the weekend of 4–7 October 2018. It was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia and featured of a 1000-kilometre race. The event was the thirteenth of sixteen in the 2018 Supercars Championship and incorporated Race 25 of the series. It was also the second event of the 2018 Enduro Cup.
The race was won by Craig Lowndes and Steven Richards driving a Holden Commodore ZB for Triple Eight Race Engineering.
Report
Background
The event was the 61st running of the Bathurst 1000, which was first held at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit in 1960 as a 500-mile race for Australian-made standard production sedans, and marked the 58th time that the race was held at Mount Panorama. It was the 22nd running of the Australian 1000 race, which was first held after the organisational split between the Australian Racing Drivers Club and V8 Supercars Australia that saw two "Bathurst 1000" races contested in both 1997 and 1998. It was the 20th time the race had been held as part of the Supercars Championship and the sixth time it formed part of the Enduro Cup. The defending winners of the race were David Reynolds and Luke Youlden.
Shane van Gisbergen entered the event as the championship leader, 55 points clear of DJR Team Penske's Scott McLaughlin. Van Gisbergen's Triple Eight Race Engineering team-mate Jamie Whincup was third in the points standings, 338 points from the lead. In the Teams' Championship, Triple Eight held a 656-point lead over DJR Team Penske. In the Enduro Cup standings, Triple Eight team-mates Jamie Whincup and Paul Dumbrell led the pairing of Van Gisbergen and Earl Bamber by 24 points.
Entry list
Twenty-six cars were entered in the event. As in 2017, there were no additional "Wildcard" entries entered in the race. Four drivers would make their first start in the Bathurst 1000 - two-time Le Mans 24 Hours winner Earl Bamber, Super2 drivers Will Brown and Bryce Fullwood, and 'main-gamer' Anton de Pasquale. Teams Matt Stone Racing and 23Red Racing would also make their debuts in 'the Great Race', however the former contained many crew members from the former Stone Brothers Racing outfit and the latter was a continuation of Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport under new owners. It was the last start in the Bathurst 1000 for Paul Dumbrell and Jason Bright.
Results
Practice
Qualifying
Top 10 Shootout
Race
Championship standings after Race 25
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams Championship
Enduro Cup
Note: Only the top five positions are included for three sets of standings.
References
Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000
Motorsport in Bathurst, New South Wales
Lopharcha angustior is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in eastern Java and Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1941
Lopharcha
Endroyi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Amaravathi mandal of Guntur revenue division. The village forms a part of Andhra Pradesh Capital Region, under the jurisdiction of APCRDA.
Geography
Endroyi is situated to the south of the mandal headquarters, Amaravathi, at . It is spread over an area of .
Demographics
Census of India, Endroyi had a population of 2,703. The total population constitutes 1,358 males and 1,345 females —a sex ratio of 990 females per 1000 males. 263 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, with child sex ratio of 1071 girls per 1000 boys. The average literacy rate stands at 62.50% with 1,525 literates.
Government and politics
Endroyi Gram Panchayat is the local self-government of the village. There are wards, each represented by an elected ward member. The present sarpanch is vacant, elected by the ward members. The village is administered by the Amaravathi Mandal Parishad at the intermediate level of panchayat raj institutions.
Education
As per the school information report for the academic year 2018–19, the village has a total of 3 schools. These schools include 2 MPP and one private school.
See also
List of villages in Guntur district
References
Villages in Guntur district
Ahmetbey can refer to:
Ahmetbey, Kastamonu
Ahmetbey, Osmangazi
Betty Elizalde (January 4, 1940 - November 30, 2018) was an Argentine journalist and broadcaster. They won the Konex Award in 1981.
Biography
Deolinda Beatriz Bistagnino was born in Argentina, January 4, 1940. Them mother was of Spanish descent and their father was of Italian descent. They started working as a journalist at the age of eighteen. They were one of the classic voices of Argentine radio, in charge of several radio and television programs. Among these was "Siempre Betty" ("Always Betty") which they created in 1996 and conducted on the Radio de la Ciudad. In the 1970s, they had several radio successes, with "El buen día", for AM del Plata; "La burbuja", for Radio Belgrano; "Las siete lunas", for Radio Continental; and "Studio Fiat e Y a mí... ¿por qué me escucha?", for Radio Splendid.
On television, Elizalde worked as a news and information host during the 1970s and 1980s, on programs such as "60 minutos" for Televisión Pública Argentina and "De 7 a 8,", broadcast simultaneously on El Nueve and Radio Belgrano.
Elizalde was the author of the book Perfiles ("Profiles", 1999). They died from lung cancer in Buenos Aires, November 30, 2018.
Awards and honors
Two Martín Fierro Awards (1974)
Argentine Society of Broadcasters (1979)
Esquiú Silver Cross (1979)
Konex Award (1981)
Golden Zebra (1983)
Clarín Prize (2007, 2008, 2009)
References
2018 deaths
1940 births
20th-century Argentine writers
20th-century Argentine women writers
Argentine journalists
Argentine women journalists
Argentine radio personalities
Argentine television journalists
Deaths from lung cancer
Kręczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Sphodromantis aurea is a species of praying mantis found in Liberia and Ghana.
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Aurea
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of West Africa
Insects described in 1917
The Patterson Hamer House is a historic house located at 405 West 5th Street in Vermont, Illinois. Local business person Patterson Hamer had the house built for their family in 1872–73. The house is designed in the Second Empire style, which was inspired by French architecture and popular in the United States from the 1860s through the 1880s. A mansard roof with two projecting dormers, a key feature of Second Empire designs, tops the house; the roof has cornices at the top and bottom and paired brackets along its eaves. The house also features three porches, all of them part of the original design, and arched windows. The property also includes a carriage house and a privy; both are designed to match the house, and the former has its own mansard roof.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1996.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Second Empire architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1873
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
Chlorosarcina elegans is a species of green algae in the family Chlorosarcinaceae.
It is the type species of its genus. It is a terrestrial species.
References
Andreyeva, V.M (1998). Poczvennye i aerophilnye zelyonye vodorosli (Chlorophyta: Tetrasporales, Chlorococcales, Chlorosarcinales). Terrestrial and aerophilic green algae (Chlorophyta: Tetrasporales, Chlorococcales, Chlorosarcinales). page 349, 108 pls
Khaybullina, L.S., Gaysina, L.A., Johansen, J.R. & Krautova, M. (2010). Examination of the terrestrial algae of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, USA. Fottea, Olomouc 10, pages 201-215
Plants described in 1907
Chlamydomonadales
Speen may refer to:
Speen, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom
Speen, Berkshire, United Kingdom
Speen railway station
See also
This is the glossary of the common filesystem features table.
The intention of this table is to provide an at-a-glance list of features and specifications for each filesystem.
Inventor
List the names of those credited with the design of the filesystem specification. This should not include those responsible for writing the implementation.
Name
The full, non abbreviated, name of the filesystem itself.
Native operating system
The name of the operating system in which this filesystem debuted.
Partition identificator
The partitioning scheme and marker used to identify that a partition is formatted to this filesystem.
Bad sector allocation
Describe how the filesystem allocates and isolates bad sectors.
File allocation
Describes how the filesystem allocates sectors in-use by files.
Directory structure
Describes how the subdirectories are implemented.
Namespace
Lists the characters that are legal within file and directory names.
Maximum filename size
The maximum number of characters that a file or directory name may contain.
Maximum files
The maximum number of files the filesystem can handle.
Maximum volume size
The maximum size of a volume that the filesystem specification can handle. This may differ from the maximum size an operating system supports using a given implementation of the filesystem.
Dates handled
What type of dates and times the filesystem can support, which may include:
Creation date
This is the date the file was “created” on the volume. This does not change when working normally with a file, e.g. opening, closing, saving, or modifying the file.
Access date
This is the date the file was last accessed. An access can be a move, an open, or any other simple access. It can also be tripped by Anti-virus scanners, or Windows system processes. Therefore, caution has to be used when stating a “file was last accessed by user XXX” if there is only the “File Access” date in NTFS to work from.
Modified date
This date as shown by Windows there has been a change to the file itself. E.g. if a notepad document has more data added to it, this would trip the date it was modified.
Changed date
The date and time related attributes were modified. This may include ACLs and the file/directory name.
Backed-up date
The date and time when the file was last backed up.
Maximum date
The maximum year that can be handled by the filesystem, as per the specification.
Attributes
Lists the basic file attributes available.
Named streams
Determines if the filesystems supports multiple data streams. NTFS refers to these as alternate data streams, HPFS as extended attributes and HFS calls them forks.
Per-volume compression
Does the filesystem support real-time transparent compression and decompression of an entire volume.
Per-volume encryption
Does the filesystem support real-time transparent encryption and decryption of an entire volume.
Per-file compression
Does the filesystem support real-time transparent compression and decompression of individual files.
Per-file encryption
Does the filesystem support real-time transparent encryption and decryption of individual files.
Access control lists
Does the filesystem support multi-user access control lists (ACLs).
Computer file systems
Ilse Hülper (27 August 1919 – after 1967) was a German theatre and film actor, operatic and operetta soprano.
Life
Born in Berlin-Charlottenburg, Hülper received vocal training at the Berlin University of the Arts. Afterwards they attended the acting school of the Oldenburgisches Staatstheater. They gained their first stage experience from 1938, also at the Oldenburg State Theatre, as a singer in the chorus. From 1939 to 1942, they were engaged as a soloist at the Staatstheater Cottbus. Stations at the Stadttheater Fürth followed and from 1945 onwards at various stages in Berlin Hebbel Theater, Metropol-Theater, Metropole and Deutsche Oper Berlin). Them repertoire covered the entire classical and modern operetta repertoire. They appeared in Franz Lehár's Paganini, Jacques Offenbach's La Vie parisienne, Gräfin Dubarry by Carl Millöcker and Theo Mackeben and Wiener Blut by Johann Strauss II. In 1967, they ended their stage career.
They also appeared in two film productions. In the narrative film by Arthur Maria Rabenalt, they portrayed the character of Lady Winterton in 1949 alongside Wolfgang Lukschy, Tilly Lauenstein and Gerd Frickhöffer, and in 1954, directed by in the musical film Alles für dich, mein Schatz.
Hülper was married to the actor, director and film producer Georg A. Profé (1908–1977).
Filmography
Source:
1949: Das Mädchen Christine
1954: Alles für dich, mein Schatz
Notes
References
Further reading
Johann Caspar Glenzdorf: Glenzdorfs internationales Film-Lexikon. Biographisches Handbuch für das gesamte Filmwesen. Vol 2: Hed–Peis. Prominent-Filmverlag, Bad Münder 1961, , .
, Hans Joachim Moser (publisher.): Kürschners biographisches Theater-Handbuch. Schauspiel, Oper, Film, Rundfunk. Deutschland, Österreich, Schweiz. De Gruyter, Berlin 1956, , .
External links
Ilse Hülper on Filmportal
Hülper Ilse on Operissimo
German film actores
German sopranos
1919 births
Date of death missing
People from Charlottenburg
Nes is a former municipality located in the old Vest-Agder county in Norway. The municipality existed from 1893 until its dissolution in 1965. The municipality is located in the southwestern part of the present-day municipality of Flekkefjord. Its administrative centre was the village of Nes, located just outside the town of Flekkefjord.
History
The municipality of Nes was established on 8 October 1893 when the old municipality of Nes og Hitterø was split into two: Nes and Hitterø. At the time of the split, Nes had a population of 1,704. In 1942, a part of Nes with 377 inhabitants was moved to the neighboring town of Flekkefjord.
In the 1960s, there were major municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1965, the municipality of Nes was dissolved and its lands were merged with the neighboring municipalities of Hidra, Bakke, and Gyland and the town of Flekkefjord to form a new, larger municipality of Flekkefjord. Prior to the merger, Nes had a population of 2,757.
Name
The municipality (originally the parish) is named after the old Nes farm () since that is where the church was located. The name is identical with the word nes which means "peninsula", since Nes is located on a peninsula.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Nes, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality was governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elected a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Nes was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
See also
List of former municipalities of Norway
References
External links
Flekkefjord
Former municipalities of Norway
1893 establishments in Norway
1965 disestablishments in Norway
Atlas is a village in the Nilüfer district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Nilüfer District
Sir Matthew Gough (died 5 July 1450) was a Welsh soldier that served in the Hundred Years' War.
Biography
Gough was a son of Owen Gough and Hawys Hanmer.
 They are known to have taken part in the battles of Cravant (1423) and Verneuil (1424). They were subsequently in command of various towns and fortresses, including Laval, Saint Denis, Le Mans, Bellême, and Bayeux. In 1432 they were taken prisoner at Saint Denis.
Matthew as Captain of Bayeux, reinforced an English army in Normandy, under the command of Thomas Kyriell in 1450. A French army under the command of Jean de Bourbon, together with a force of Breton cavalry, under Arthur de Richemont, defeated the English army at the Battle of Formigny, with the remnants of Gough's force able to flee the battlefield.
Returning to England, Gough was placed in joint command of the Tower of London. Whilst defending the city against Jack Cade's rebels, they were killed upon London Bridge on 5 July 1450. They were buried in the choir of St. Mary's of the Carmelite Friars in London.
Marriage and issue
They married Margaret, daughter of Rhys Moythe and Margaret Harley, they are known to have had the following known issue:
Geoffrey Gough
Mathew Gough
David Gough
Margaret Gough
Citations
References
Evans, H. T., (1959). GOUGH (GOCH), MATHEW (MATHAU) (c. 1390 - died 1450), soldier. Dictionary of Welsh Biography.
Year of birth unknown
1450 deaths
15th-century Welsh military personnel
Welsh knights
Birch Acres is a suburb of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa.
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park, Gauteng
Area 3 can refer to:
Area 3 (Nevada National Security Site)
Postcentral gyrus, also known as Brodmann area 3
"It's Such a Pretty World Today" is the title of a popular song released in 1967, written by songwriter Dale Noe.
Wynn Stewart version
The song was originally a country music single by singer Wynn Stewart. Although Stewart had previously hit the Top 40 on the Billboard US country chart with songs such as "Wishful Thinking" in 1960, "It's Such a Pretty World Today" was Stewart's highest charting hit, peaking at No.1 on the country music chart for two weeks in the late spring of 1967. It was released as a single from their album of the same name that year.
Track listing
7" vinyl single
"It's Such a Pretty World Today" – 2:30
"Ol' What's Them Name" – 2:42
Chart performance
Other versions
Andy Russell version
That same year, Mexican-American singer Andy Russell recorded a cover version of the song. Russell had enjoyed quite a bit of popularity in the U.S. throughout the 1940s and 1950s, recording songs such as "Bésame Mucho" and co-starring in a short-lived daily musical show with their then-wife, Della, on ABC from 1950-1951. After the couple divorced, Russell left the U.S. and attained great success in Mexico and Latin America as a singer, actor, and host of their own television show. They returned in the mid 1960s and tried resurrecting their singing career. Although their cover of "It's Such a Pretty World Today" failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart (it "bubbled under", peaking at No. 119), it did spend one week at No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart, making the song the first to top the AC chart while not entering the pop chart.
Other versions
Other artists who have recorded cover versions of the song include:
Loretta Lynn, whose version appears on their 1967 album Singin' with Feelin'
Nancy Sinatra, who also recorded the song in 1967 and included it on their album Country, My Way (that version of the song can be heard near the end of a second-season episode of the AMC drama Breaking Bad
Connie Smith also in 1967 on their Soul of Country Music album
Marie Osmond, whose version appears on their 1973 album Paper Roses
Singer Mark Dinning reached #117 in the Record World Magazine charts.
The Jimmy Bowen Singers released a version of the song as a single in 1967, but it did not chart
References
1967 songs
1967 singles
Capitol Records singles
Jimmy Bowen songs
Loretta Lynn songs
Marie Osmond songs
Nancy Sinatra songs
Reprise Records singles
Song recordings produced by Ken Nelson (American record producer)
Wynn Stewart songs
Mark Dinning songs
Bishop's Mitre is a mountain located east of Brave Mountain on the northern coast of Labrador in the Kaumajet Mountains. Noteworthy for the river carved down its middle, its appearance is like a steep tower, which lies on the north point of Grimmington Island, between Seal Bight and Cod Bag Harbour.
References
Labrador
Bishop's Mitre
George Koutroumanis (born 1955) is a Greek politician with the Panhellenic Socialist Movement and served as Minister of Labour and Social Security from 17 June 2011 to 17 May 2012 and has been working in the social security sector since 1984. After leaving their ministerial position, Koutroumanis remains a vocal figure in Greek fiscal politics.
Early life and education
They were born in Neochori Kalavrita in 1955. Being a member of a farmers' family with many children, they spent their early years in Kalavrita and Patra. In 1973 they moved to Athens and while working in the private sector they continued their studies in mathematics at the University of Athens.
Family
 They are married to Vasiliki Sotiropoulou and they are the father to a son.
References
1955 births
Living people
Government ministers of Greece
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens alumni
Greek economists
PASOK politicians
People from Kalavryta
Searcy County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,195. The county seat is Marshall. The county was formed December 13, 1838, from a portion of Marion County and named for Richard Searcy, the first clerk and judge in the Arkansas Territory. The city of Searcy, Arkansas, some 70 miles away, shares the name despite having never been part of Searcy County. The county is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
History
During the American Civil War, Searcy County, Arkansas had strong, pro-Union leanings, forming an organization known as the "Arkansas Peace Society".
Chocolate Roll Capital of the World
The Chocolate Roll is a dessert endemic to Searcy but little known outside the near region.
A typical Chocolate Roll is made from pie dough spread with a mixture of cocoa powder, shortening, and sugar, then rolled up and baked.
In 2012 The Greater Searcy County Chamber of Commerce
declared Searcy County the "Chocolate Roll Capital of the World™", and asserted trademarks.
Since 2012 Marshall High School has hosted an annual Chocolate Roll Festival that includes the World Champion Chocolate Roll Contest. The 6th was held on March 18, 2017.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 65
Arkansas Highway 14
Arkansas Highway 16
Arkansas Highway 27
Arkansas Highway 66
Arkansas Highway 74
Arkansas Highway 235
Arkansas Highway 333
Arkansas Highway 374
Arkansas Highway 377
Adjacent counties
Marion County (north)
Baxter County (northeast)
Stone County (east)
Van Buren County (south)
Pope County (southwest)
Newton County (west)
Boone County (northwest)
National protected areas
Buffalo National River (part)
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 7,828 people, 3,327 households, and 2,333 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 8,261 people, 3,523 households, and 2,466 families residing in the county. The population density was 12 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 4,292 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.26% White, 0.04% Black or African American, 0.75% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.45% from other races, and 1.34% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,523 households, out of which 27.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.50% were married couples living together, 7.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.00% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.70% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 24.50% from 25 to 44, 26.70% from 45 to 64, and 19.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 98.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $21,397, and the median income for a family was $27,580. Males had a median income of $21,768 versus $16,276 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,536. About 17.80% of families and 23.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.00% of those under age 18 and 26.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government and politics
Along with adjacent Newton County, Searcy is unique among Arkansas counties in being traditionally Republican in political leanings even during the overwhelmingly Democratic "Solid South" era. This Republicanism resulted from their historical paucity of slaves, in turn created by infertile soils unsuitable for intensive cotton farming, and produced support for the Union during the Civil War. These were the only two counties in Arkansas to be won by Alf Landon in 1936, Wendell Willkie in 1940, Charles Evans Hughes in 1916, and even Calvin Coolidge in 1924. In Presidential elections post-1932, Harry S. Truman and Jimmy Carter are the only Democrats to carry the county. In the 1992 election George H. W. Bush won their second-highest margin in the state, despite former Arkansas governor Bill Clinton being the Democratic nominee. In fact, Republican nominee Bob Dole also carried the county 4 years later despite Clinton's success almost everywhere else in the state. Republicans have received over 60 percent of the vote in the county in every election since 2000. In 2016, Donald Trump received more than 79 percent of the vote in the county, while former Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton received just 16 percent. In 2020, Trump received more than 83 percent of the vote. Trump's performances in both elections are the best of any candidate in the county's history.
The county is in Arkansas's 1st congressional district, which from Reconstruction until 2010 sent only Democrats to the U.S. House. That year, it elected Republican Rick Crawford, who currently holds the seat as of 2014. In the Arkansas House of Representatives Searcy County is represented by second-term Republican David Branscum from the 83rd (and formerly the 90th prior to 2013) district.
The state senator, Missy Thomas Irvin, is also a Republican, serving their second term from the 18th district.
Since 1980, in gubernatorial races, the county has tended to favor Republicans in all but one contest. It voted for Frank White in their successful run against first-year student Democratic incumbent Bill Clinton in 1980. It supported White again in 1982 and 1986 in rematches with Clinton. It also voted for Woody Freeman over Clinton in 1984. It was the only county in Arkansas where Republican Sheffield Nelson won in both 1990 and 1994. In 1990, it was Nelson's best county in the entire state, winning 64 percent to then-Governor Bill Clinton's 36 percent in Searcy County. In 1994, Searcy County was among the two counties to vote for Nelson over incumbent Democrat Jim Guy Tucker, Benton County being the other (which actually voted for Clinton over Nelson in 1990).
In 1998, Searcy County voted for Republican Mike Huckabee with just under 70 percent, and again in 2002, albeit with a reduced margin of 57 percent. In 2006, it voted 52 percent for Republican ex-Congressman Asa Hutchinson, who lost to Democrat Mike Beebe. In 2010, however, it did vote for incumbent Democrat Mike Beebe with a margin of 57 percent to 40 percent over former state Senator Jim Keet, the first time it had done so since 1978. Keet was regarded as a weak candidate, as they failed to carry a single county.
Education
Public education is provided for early childhood, elementary and secondary education from multiple school districts including:
Searcy County School District, which includes Marshall High School
Ozark Mountain School District, which includes Searcy County-based St. Joe High School and St. Joe Elementary School.
Communities
Cities
Leslie
Marshall (county seat)
Towns
Big Flat (mostly in Baxter County)
Gilbert
Pindall
St. Joe
Census-designated places
Witts Springs
Townships
See also
List of lakes in Searcy County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Searcy County, Arkansas
References
External links
Searcy County Arkansas Chamber of Commerce
Searcy County Library (extensive local genealogy records and fulltime genealogy staff)
Searcy County entry in the Encyclopedia of Arkansas
Searcy County Map from Encyclopedia of Arkansas
Searcy County Map from U. S. Census Bureau
1838 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1838
The Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports (OCRS) is the main roller skating organization of Australia and other Oceanic countries. The OCRS is part of the International Roller Sports Federation, or FIRS. Varieties of skating governed by the OCRS include:
Inline Downhill
Roller hockey
Inline hockey
Speedskating
The President of the Oceania Confederation of Roller Sports (OCRS) is Simon Wilkins.
External links
Describes organization: FIRS Organizational chart
Roll
Roller skating organizations
The Dil Pickle Club or Dill Pickle Club was once a popular Bohemian club in Chicago, Illinois between 1917 and 1935. The Dil Pickle was known as a speakeasy, cabaret and theatre and was influential during the "Chicago Renaissance" as it allowed a forum for free thinkers. It was founded and owned by Wobbly John "Jack" Jones and was frequented by popular American authors, activists and speakers.
The club's legacy has seen several reincarnations, including Chicago Dil Pickle Club, the Dill Pickle Food Co-op, Dil Pickle Press, and the Dill Pickle Club of Portland, OR, "an experimental forum for critiquing contemporary culture, politics and humanities."
History
In 1914, John "Jack" Jones, a former organizer for the Wobblies (Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) had started several weekly forums at the Radical Book Shop on North Clark Street in Chicago. The forums discussed labor issues along with social concerns of the day. Soon, in early 1915, Jones needed a new venue as the capacity was exceeded at the forum. To accommodate increased participants, Jones found a decrepit barn on Tooker Alley, off of Dearborn Street in downtown Chicago that they named the Dil Pickle Club. Soon after, fellow labor organizer from Ireland, Jim Larkin joined Jones, along with the "hobo doctor" and anarchist Ben Reitman. Reitman became instrumental in getting regular news coverage of the Pickle in the Chicago Daily News and Chicago Tribune. The news coverage helped increase the club's following and, by 1917, Jones created the Dil Pickle Artisans by officially incorporating it as a non-profit in Illinois to promote arts, crafts, science, and literature.
Jones said of their new club:
During the early years of the Dil Pickle Club, Jones began the Dil Pickle Press which produced material to promote the club. The press printed the Dil Pickler newsletter and The Creative World bulletin, along with Jones' book, Tech-Up. It also printed Arthur Desmond's Lion's Paw, Ragnar Redbeard's Might Is Right and works by Sol Omar and J. Edgar Miller. Much of the literature was crudely designed but easily reproduced. It contained humor and often typos. Admission to the club and refreshment sales helped it survive financially. Jones may have also printed counterfeit out-of-print books in order to make additional money.
The club reached its pinnacle by serving not only as a place for debate and idea-sharing, but also as a host for one-act plays, poetry readings, jazz dances, and opera, along with other acts. The Dil Pickle Players was formed to perform original works by local authors, as well as contemporary playwrights. Jones remained active in the club, building the stage and wiring the lighting, as well as writing, directing, and acting in many productions.
During the Great Depression, the Dil Pickle Club began to decline. By the early 1930s, the club was frequented more by Chicago mobsters than the usual free-minded Bohemian attendees. Soon the club lost its unique taste and personality, as rent rates in Chicago rose. Tax difficulties in 1933 proved the end of the Dil Pickle Club. Despite Jones' efforts to save the club, which included the sale of the wooden Du Dil Duck toy, the Dil Pickle Club closed in 1934. Jones struggled financially thereafter until their death in 1940.
Jack Sheridan, who had been attending the Dil Pickle Club since boyhood, tried to revive the club in 1944 in the Tooker Alley premises, but the building was condemned as unsafe.
Characteristics
The Dil Pickle Club was almost hidden from the outside and was considered a "hole in the wall" in Tooker Alley. The entrance was marked by a "DANGER" sign that which pointed to the orange main door which was lit by a green light. On the door, it read: "Step High, Stoop Low and Leave Your Dignity Outside." Once inside, another sign read "Elevate Your Mind to a Lower Level of Thinking" before you entered the main part of the club. Immediately inside was a large main room with a stage. The room was decorated with brightly painted chairs and partially surrounded by counters where drinks and sandwiches were sold. The rest of the club was also decorated by its attendees and contained a tearoom and art exhibitions. Altogether, the club had reported standing capacity for 700 people.
Popular attendees
The club was frequented by many radical American activists, political speakers and authors. It was accepting of homosexuals. Among the American activists and speakers was Clarence Darrow, Emma Goldman, Big Bill Haywood, Hippolyte Havel, Lucy Parsons, Ben Reitman and Nina Spies. American authors included Pulitzer Prize winner Upton Sinclair along with Sherwood Anderson, Carl Sandburg, Ben Hecht, Vachel Lindsay, Djuna Barnes, William Carlos Williams, Kenneth Rexroth and Vincent Starrett. Other common attendees were poet, writer and Wobbly, Slim Brundage, speaker Martha Biegler, speaker Elizabeth Davis, artist Stanislav Szukalski, Harry Wilson and egoist F. M. Wilkesbarr (aka Malfew Seklew).
A club for people with ideas and questions, it often attracted a mixed crowd. Scientists, panhandlers, prostitutes, socialists, anarchists, con men, tax advocates, religious zealots, social workers and hoboes were commonly at the club. Chicagoan George Wellington "Cap" Streeter was also said to have visited and spoken at the Dil Pickle Club.
Notes
Original Dill Pickle Club address: 10 Tooker Place, Chicago, Illinois
References
External links
Picture of Dil Pickle Club - Chicago Public Radio
Dill Pickle Club Records at the Newberry Library
Images from the Dill Pickle Club from the exhibition Outspoken: Chicago's Free Speech Tradition
Chicago's Dill Pickle Club: Where Anarchists Mixed With Doctors And Poets - Curious City
1915 establishments in Illinois
Debating societies
Dining clubs
Freethought organizations
Industrial Workers of the World in Illinois
Non-profit corporations
Organizations based in Chicago
Writing circles
Speakeasies
1935 disestablishments in Illinois
Rostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in aest-central Poland.
The village has a population of 220.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
YMCA Brown Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a Christian minority school. The school is unaided and co-educational and follows the Uniform Syllabus for School Education of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The school is established and administered by the Committee of Management of YMCA Boys' Division, Tirupattur – a project of the National Council of YMCAs of India.
History
The YMCA Boys' Division was started with two boys in 1937 to serve the student community in around Tirupattur. It was started in a rented building with a hostel for the rural student to stay and a club to develop physical, cultural, religious and educational activities.
In the year 1963 an orphanage was started to cater to the needs of semi-orphaned and destitute boys. Until 1987, there was no nursery school or a primary school available in Tirupattur with affordable fee structure for the middle and the lower income groups of the local population. Therefore, it was decided to start a school in memory of Frank C Brown, the founder of YMCA Boys' Division.
Status
The School enjoys the recognition of the Government of Tamil Nadu and is also affiliated to the Board of Matriculation Schools of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The School was upgraded into a higher secondary school from the academic year 1994–1995. The school is co-educational and the medium of instruction is English.
References
External links
http://ymcaschool.org.in/index.html
Christian schools in Tamil Nadu
Primary schools in Tamil Nadu
High schools and secondary schools in Tamil Nadu
Brown
Schools in Vellore district
Educational institutions established in 1987
1987 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Rusakov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Rusakova. It may refer to
Ivan Vasilyevich Rusakov (1877–1921), Russian revolutionary
Mikhail Rusakov (1892–1963), Soviet geologist
Natalia Rusakova (born 1979), Russian sprinter
Vladimir Rusakov (1909–1951), Soviet general
Vlady Kibalchich Rusakov (1920–2005), Russian-Mexican painter
Igor Rusakov (1959-2003), Figure skating coach
See also
Rusakov Workers' Club
Rusakov particle, a fictional elementary particle in Philip Pullman's Their Dark Materials
Russian-language surnames
Portrait of Countess Potocka is an oil on canvas painting by German artist Franz Xaver Winterhalter, created in 1854. They were at the time one of the foremost portraitists of Europe's royalty and aristocracy. It is held in the National Museum, in Warsaw.
History and description
Winterhalter was a painter who received many commissions from the various European courts and therefore also from the aristocracy of their time. The pictured, Countess Potocka (1825-1907), belonged to the wealthy nobility of Poland and was a member of the Branicki family. They were born Katarzyna Countess Branicka and in 1847 married Adam Józef Count Potocki (1815-1872), a member of the Potocki family. The couple had seven children, three of whom were also painted by Winterhalter, including Zofia Potocka and Roza Potocka.
The Countess Potocka is depicted here in an oriental costume in a three-quarter size, in the painter's favorite format, an oval. It was commissioned by their sister, Elzbieta Countess Krasinska née Countess Branicka (1820-1876), who was also painted by Winterhalter. The costume is taken from the exile the couple had spent in the Middle East after Adam Potocka was accused, incorrectly, of an 1848 bombing. Winterhalter follows the examples from the 18th century when such a costume was more common and worn at costume balls.
Winterhalter made at least three portraits of Countess Potocka in the period 1854 to 1858. The whereabouts of the third portrait is unknown and it has presumably been lost. The second is also in Warsaw. A copy of this oriental portrait is in the possession of the French Château Montrésor.
Provenance
The portrait belonged to the Potocki family and hung in Krzeszowice's Potocki Palace . In 1946 it was acquired by the Warsaw National Museum.
References
1854 paintings
Paintings by Franz Xaver Winterhalter
Portraits of women
Paintings in the collection of the National Museum, Warsaw
Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic, bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics. Prague's bid was considered a trial bid to warm up for future Olympic campaigns. Prague's bid came to an end on June 4, 2008, when it failed to make the Candidate city shortlist.
After initial enthusiasm, Prague's bid became troubled, and the city considered canceling their bid. Nevertheless, the government went forward with its bid to become an applicant city on January 14, 2008.
If it had been chosen, Prague would have staged the Games between July 29 and August 14. The subsequent Paralympics were to be held between September 1 and 13.
Bid Details
On March 22, 2007, Prague confirmed its bid when the Prague Assembly voted 53-10-3 in support of launching an official bid. Tomas Petera was the head of the Praha Olympijska (Olympic Prague) company.
This was the third try by Prague and the Czech Republic to host the Olympic Games. Previously Prague placed a bid for 1924 Summer Olympics which was won by Paris and planned a bid for 1980 Summer Olympics but Warsaw Pact invasion and normalization put an end to these plans; the Olympics were hosted by Moscow. Useful recent experience includes the recent hosting the 2004 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships.
The Czech Republic (including Moravia, Silesia and Bohemia) has a strong sports legacy, which appeals to the IOC. They have attended every game except the Athens 1896 Games and the Los Angeles 1984 Games. The Czechs have been especially proficient in gymnastics, and for winter sports, ice hockey. The current decathlon world champion is Czech Roman Šebrle, who as tradition dictates, holds the title of "World's Greatest Athlete" and who was identified to be a potential face of the Games.
Prague is known as one of the most beautiful cities in Europe,
and as a popular tourist destination, it holds many of the cultural aspects that appeal to the IOC. The bid book indicates around 38,000 hotel rooms are planned by 2016, but this amount is short of IOC expectations and is far behind competing bids.
Prague allocated 45 million crowns to the Olympic movement for studies, advertisements, and opinion polls. The bid budget of US$22 million allotted for the application and candidacy phase was roughly half that of other bids.
Venues
The motto of the third nomination is Olympic Games for the Czech Republic as it should take place in other cities across the country as well. The IOC has tended to prefer, however, more compact bids. The Czech Olympic Committee plans to develop 130 sport centres in 75 cities in the process of Olympic Games candidature.
When Prague revealed its bid book, it moved to a more compact concept to hold the Games in the heart of the city with venues close together - most not more than 20 minutes from each other or from the Old Town Centre of Prague. Three main clusters were organized with the Olympic park at the center. Five venues are already built and ready, 12 would need upgrades and nine permanent new venues would have been constructed with an additional seven venues being temporary for the Games only.
Specifically, three sport centers were to be built – a velodrome for cyclists in Prague or Brno; a natatorium that would be constructed from the existing Prague-Šutka Aquapark; and the major Olympic complex to be built on the outskirts of Prague in Letňany. Five circular children's pools were to be built to symbolically represent the Olympic rings. As Prague is land-locked, yachting will be in Lipno, rowing and canoeing in Racice, and slalom in Troja. One major stadium already in place is the modern Sazka Arena, which would host gymnastics. There are plans to rebuild the area around the huge and underutilized Strahov Stadium as an Olympic village.
In response to presidential concerns over white elephant venues after the Games (such as Athens' unused baseball stadium), officials stressed the Games would not bring dozens of new sporting facilities to Prague. Many existing facilities would be refurbished, most Olympic sites would be just temporary, with “only about 30 percent remain[ing] permanent.” Even the possible main Olympic stadium in Letňany would be developed in such a way that it could later be transformed into part of a convention center.
Funding and political support
The center of the bid was planned to use a new $348 million Olympic Stadium and the Olympic village to be financed with both private and public funds. Revenues from the Games were projected at US$969 million, down from the 2004 estimates. Per a 2004 study, the budget for the games was estimated to reach 136 billion crowns (US$7.5 billion) and profit 25 billion crowns (US$1.3 billion). An additional 490 billion crowns (US$27 billion) would need to be invested in infrastructure. A newer study indicates the government will spend US$5.03 billion for the Games, of which $1.4 billion would be expected to come from the national budget. Infrastructure costs will require another $28 billion.
Politically, Prague's bid failed to garner widespread support from mayors of smaller towns who fear that the infrastructure investment in Prague will hamper investment in their regions. Czech President Václav Klaus questioned the bid, doubting the ability to bring profit to the country. A public opinion poll in October 2007 mustered a quite low 50% support. This was up 8% from an earlier poll in May 2007. Other bid cities have support in the 70s-80s percent range except Tokyo which is around 60% and Baku which is over 90%.
In December 2007, Tomas Petera suggested the possibility of Prague cancelling its bid, citing uncertainty over political guarantees because of a vacancy in the Sports and Education ministry linked to a government reshuffle. Government officials later confirmed stated legal guarantees to protect foreign athletes' safety. However, no ties to financial obligations were confirmed which is a requirement of a successful bid. In February 2008, Czech Premier Mirek Topolánek emphatically stated Prague's bid will not get financial guarantees from the government, even if the city makes the short list of contenders, effectively ending the campaign. Even then, Prague was still officially in the running for the games.
In March 2008, the item was still under contention when local press highlighted that the official questionnaire claims it would receive the equivalent of $5.2 million from the Czech government, but failed to mention that the government provided only legal guarantees. A spokesperson for the Olympic promotion company said the figures are based on a financial study and are nothing but a possibility under consideration. They said the costs of the candidacy would be covered by Prague.
Logo
The Prague logo represents a branch from a laurel wreath, both a traditional sign of victory and celebration as well as a reward in the ancient Olympic Games (and featured in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece) and ribbons in the Olympic colors. Initially, the number "2016" formed the actual leaves. However, the IOC asked them to modify the design for reading clarity.
Conclusion of bid
As expected, Prague did not make the shortlist of Candidate cities in June 2008.
Prague was considered to be a long-shot given several factors, such as Prague's lack of stadia and other important Olympic sports infrastructure, wavering political support, funding issues, and as London is already hosting the 2012 Summer Olympics, the IOC is unlikely to award back-to-back Summer Olympic Games to the same continent, (although Madrid, Spain did advance to the shortlist). Prague acknowledged outright that this bid was a preparation for future bids.
References
External links
Prague 2016
Czech Olympic Committee
Prague Mini-Bid book
2016 Summer Olympics bids
Sport in Prague
Kraglievichia is an extinct genus of cingulate belonging to the family Pampatheriidae. It lived from the Late Miocene to the Early Pliocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
This animal looked like an enormous armadillo, with body dimensions comparable or larger than the modern giant armadillo ; its skull was 18 centimeters long. As for all its relatives, the pampatheres, the structure of the armor of Kraglievichia forbade it to curl up, as most modern armadillos does. The genus was characterized by the presence of four upper teeth and three lower teeth with an oval section, a characteristic differentiating it from the very similar but smaller Vassallia. The osteoderms of its carapace had an elevated axial area, underlined by two lateral longitudinal depressions.
Classification
The genus Kraglievichia was established in 1927 by Castellanos, for a species of fossil cingulate first described in 1883 by Florentino Ameghino. The type species, Kraglievichia paranense, is documented in the fossil records in Argentina and Uruguay. Some isolated osteoderms, with a morphology similar to those of Kraglievichia, but also to those of Pampatherium, have been described by Castellanos under the name Plaina intermedia. It is however probable that those fossils should in fact be attributed to the genus Kraglievichia.
Kraglievichia was a member of the family Pampatheriidae, a clade of cingulates very similar to modern armadillos, and closely related to them. Kraglievichia was a rather derived member of this group, potentially ancestral to the large Pleistocene genera Holmesina and Pampatherium.
Bibliography
Castellanos, A. (1927). Breves notas sobre los clamidoterios. Publ. Cent. Est. Ing. Rosario 1–8, Argentina.
A. L. Cione, M. M. Azpelicueta, M. Bond, A. A. Carlini, J. R. Casciotta, M. A. Cozzuol, M. Fuente, Z. Gasparini, F. J. Goin, J. Noriega, G. J. Scillato-Yane, L. Soibelzon, E. P. Tonni, D. Verzi, and M. G. Vucetich. 2000. Miocene vertebrates from Entre Rios province, eastern Argentina. Serie Correlacion Geologica 14:191-237
S. F. Vizcaino, A. Rinderknecht, and A. Czerwonogora. 2003. An Enigmatic Cingulata (Mammalia: Xenarthra) from the Late Miocene of Uruguay. Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 23(4):981-983
G. J. Scillato-Yané, F. Góis, A. E. Zurita, A. A. Carlini, L. R. González-Ruiz, C. M. Krmpotic, C. Oliva and M. Zamorano. 2013. Los cingulata (Mammalia, Xenarthra) del "Conglomerado Osífero" (Mioceno tardío) de la Formación Ituzaingó de Entre Ríos, Argentina. In D. Brandoni, J.I. Noriega (eds.), El Neógeno de la Mesopotamia argentina 14:118-134
R. L. Tomassini, C. I. Montalvo, C.M. Deschamps and T. Manera. 2013. Biostratigraphy and biochronology of the Monte Hermoso Formation (early Pliocene) at its type locality, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Journal of South American Earth Sciences 48:31-42
Prehistoric cingulates
Prehistoric placental genera
Miocene xenarthrans
Miocene genus first appearances
Miocene mammals of South America
Pliocene mammals of South America
Pliocene xenarthrans
Pliocene genus extinctions
Neogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossils of Uruguay
Neogene Uruguay
Ituzaingó Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1927
Moscho Tzavela () (1760–1803) was a Greek hero of the years before the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence, who has been mentioned in modern Greek literature.
Moscho Tzavela was descendant of a long line of Greek guerilla fighters, and the wife of Lambros Tzavelas, with whom they had a son, Fotos. They commanded a crowd of 400 female rebels, who took part in the winning battle of Kiafa against the army of Ali Pasha, consisting of Albanians, on July 20, 1792, resulting in 2,000-3,000 people killed from the army of Ali, and only 74 from the Greek side. After the defeat of the Souliotes, they went to Parga and then moved to the Ionian Islands, where they died in 1803. People, who had met them in Kerkyra, described them as a slight woman, with a beautiful face and a sparkling glance.
References
1760 births
1803 deaths
Greek revolutionaries
Souliotes
18th-century Greek people
Women in 18th-century warfare
Women in the Greek War of Independence
Minoriga-ike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.5 km2. The dam impounds about 4 ha of land when full and can store 35 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1915.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The Seasons may refer to:
Literature and mythology
Horae or the Seasons, in Greek mythology, the goddesses of the seasons
The Seasons (poem), an 18th-century Lithuanian poem by Kristijonas Donelaitis
The Seasons (Thomson), a 1726–1730 poetry cycle by James Thomson
Music and dance
The Seasons (Haydn), an 1801 oratorio by Joseph Haydn
The Seasons (Tchaikovsky), an 1876 set of character pieces for piano by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
The Seasons (ballet), an 1899 ballet by Marius Petipa to the music of Alexander Glazunov
The Seasons (Cage), a 1947 ballet by Merce Cunningham to music of John Cage
Ballet des Saisons (The Seasons), a 1661 ballet by Jean-Baptiste Lully
"The Seasons", a song by Lynyrd Skynyrd from Skynyrd's First and... Last, 1978
Film and television
The Seasons (film), a 1954 Canadian documentary short film
The Seasons (TV series), a Hong Kong television drama series
The Seasons, a 1975 film by Artavazd Peleshyan
Visual arts
The Seasons (Mucha), the name of three different series of color lithographs by Alphonse Mucha
See also
Season (disambiguation), including uses of Seasons and The Season
The Four Seasons (disambiguation)
Erigeron scopulinus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names rock fleabane and Winn Falls fleabane. It has been found in the southwestern United States primarily in Arizona and New Mexico with a few isolated populations in Colorado.
Erigeron scopulinus grows in on ledges and in cracks in cliffs in the mountains. It is an perennial, mat-forming herb rarely more than 3.5 cm (1.4 inches) tall, forming a thin taproot and spreading by means of underground rhizomes. The inflorescence generally contains only one flower head. Each head contains 10–20 ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
scopulinus
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Plants described in 1981
Miss Universe Philippines 2020 was the 1st edition of the Miss Universe Philippines competition under its new organization. Previously, the Philippine franchise for Miss Universe was under Binibining Pilipinas Charities, Inc. The coronation night was initially scheduled for May 3, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it moved at least twice; first to June 14, 2020, and later to October 25, 2020, at the Cordillera Convention Hall, Baguio Country Club in Baguio, Benguet, Philippines.
The final competition was broadcast on GMA Network. Gazini Ganados of Talisay, Cebu, the winner of Binibining Pilipinas 2019, crowned Rabiya Mateo of Iloilo City as their successor at the end of the event, with a new crown called "Filipina". Mateo represented the Philippines at the Miss Universe 2020 pageant and finished as a Top 21 semifinalist.
Background
New franchise
The new Miss Universe Philippines franchise was awarded to Shamcey Supsup-Lee, national director. Supsup was the Philippines' representative to the Miss Universe 2011 pageant where they placed 3rd Runner-Up. It marked the first time in the history of the Miss Universe Philippines franchise that contestants will be allowed to communicate in local Philippine languages other than Filipino.
Selection of participants
In December 2019, the organization launched its search for the next Filipina who would represent the Philippines at the Miss Universe 2020 competition. On February 14, 2020, the 52 contestants of Miss Universe Philippines 2020 were presented during the Red Carpet Presentation at Manila Hotel.
Location and date
On January 29, 2020, the organization announced that the coronation will be held on May 3, 2020 at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay, Metro Manila, Philippines. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was rescheduled twice; first to June 14, 2020, and later to October 25, 2020, at the Cordillera Convention Hall, Baguio Country Club in Baguio, Benguet, Philippines.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
The procedures for the organization of the pageant was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic due to the enhanced community quarantines in the country. The Miss Universe Philippines organization released new guidelines entitled "2020 Pageant Way Forward".
It was originally planned that the contestants would be divided into smaller groups for the preliminaries which involved the swimsuit and evening gown competition. All should wear masks except their individual turns on the competition stage and each contestant was obligated to go home after their respective turn. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the date and venue for the preliminary competition was moved. The preliminary competition was filmed at the Baguio Country Club in Baguio, Benguet. Worldwide audience was able to watch the preliminary interview on October 21 and national costume, swimsuit, and evening gown competition on October 23 through a streaming service offered by the organizer. It was hosted by Benjamin Alves.
The finals night was originally planned to be held at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay, Metro Manila, but the venue was changed due to the pandemic. Under the assumption that the pageant would be held in a large venue as there would be no audiences allowed under the guidelines of Inter-Agency Task Force for the Management of Emerging Infectious Diseases (IATF-EID) through health and safety protocols. The MUP organization projected less than 100 people would be needed, including the contestants, judges, and production team with social distancing implemented. Most production materials for the pageant would be pre-taped. The finals night would be made available to the public online via pay-per-view streaming.
Contestants representing Sorsogon and Cagayan de Oro withdrew from the competition after they tested positive for COVID-19.
Marketing
An eight-episode web series entitled Ring Light was released on September 27 on Empire.ph and could be viewed for a one-time fee. Marketed as a "fundraising online pageant series", part of the proceeds would be given to the pageants' beneficiaries and partner organizations. The series featured several aspects of the pageant's contestants bid to clinch the Miss Universe Philippines 2020 crown, including their trainings and other behind-the-scenes content.
'Filipina' crown
A new crown was used to award the winner of the Miss Universe Philippines pageant for the 2020 edition. The headwear is known as the "Filipina" crown and was crafted by the Villarica family who is known for running the Villarica Pawnshop.
Each element of the crown represents the following:
Swirl of leaves – every woman who aims for success in "different forms" but still keeps "the Filipino values in their hearts".
Diamond embedded in each leaf – signifies "the sparkle" in the lives of people that each woman encounters.
Golden south sea pearls – four values of creativity, intelligence, optimism, and fear of God.
Sapphire, Ruby and Topaz – was patterned after the blue, red, and yellow colors of the Philippine flag
Results
Placements
§ – Lazada Fan Vote Winner
Major awards
Special awards
Pageant
Preliminary competition
The preliminary competition was filmed at the Baguio Country Club in Baguio, Benguet. Worldwide audience was able to watch the preliminary interview on October 21 and national costume, swimsuit, and evening gown competition on October 23 through a streaming service offered by the organizer. It was hosted by Benjamin Alves.
Judges
Mary Jean Lastimosa – Miss Universe Philippines 2014
Katrina Salonga Verzosa – Owner and founder of the Verzosa Aesthetic Clinic.
Maria Venus Raj – Miss Universe Philippines 2010
Ariella Arida – Miss Universe Philippines 2013
Jackie Aquino – General manager of JCA Productions and the president of Philippine Fashion Coalition
Samuel Salonga Verzosa Jr. – Co-founder and CEO of Frontrow
Neil Perez – Mister International 2014
Final program
The coronation night was filmed at Baguio Country Club and streamed on October 25 worldwide. It was hosted by American radio DJ and actor KC Montero. American Idol alum Jessica Sanchez and Filipino actors Allen Cecilio, Anjo Damiles, and Kevin Montillano performed as musical guests.
The swimwear for the finals was designed by UAE-based couture label Amato Couture by Filipino designer Furne One in collaboration with luxury swimwear Amari Swim.
Two questions were asked in the question-and-answer portion for the Top 5 candidates; the first being unique to each candidate and the second question was answered by all five candidates. The second question was related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has been noted to have shifted priorities, and where does pageants in general stand at the moment.
Judges
RS Francisco – Actor and co-founder of Frontrow
Eric Yap – Representative of ACT-CIS Partylist and Legislative Caretaker of the Lone District of Benguet
Harry Roque – Lawyer and Presidential Spokesperson
Jackie Aquino – General manager of JCA Productions and the president of Philippine Fashion Coalition
Venus Navalta – CEO of IPG Mediabrands Philippines
Janine Tugonon – Miss Universe Philippines 2012
Arlene Magalong – Wife of the mayor of Baguio
Arthur Peña – Group Director for Media of Procter & Gamble Philippines
Samuel Salonga Verzosa Jr. – Co-founder and CEO of Frontrow
Contestants
46 delegates competed for the title.
Duties of winners
The Miss Universe Philippines Organization designated focus of duties to each winner.
Notes
Withdrawals
Princess Marquez of Aurora – On October 19, 2020, Marquez confirmed their withdrawal due to some personal reasons.
Vincy Vacalares of Cagayan de Oro – On October 16, 2020, an accredited partner of Miss Universe Philippines announced that Vacalares tested positive for COVID-19.
Mariam Lara Hamid of Capiz – On October 3, 2020, Hamid posted on their social media account declaring their withdrawal due to some issues with their province's accredited partner.
Chaira Lyn Markwalder of Leyte
Angela Aninang of Negros Occidental – On February 28, 2020, it was confirmed that Aninang will be withdrawing from the pageant to focus on their study.
Maria Isabela Galeria of Sorsogon – On October 15, 2020, Galeria announced that they will be leaving the competition as they continue their full recovery from COVID-19 after contracting the disease on September 27.
References
External links
Question and Answer transcripts – Top 16 and Top 5 from Rappler
2020 beauty pageants
2020 in the Philippines
Beauty pageants in the Philippines
Events postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
History of Baguio
GMA Network television specials
2020
A Question of Trust is a 1920 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Madge Stuart, Harvey Braban and Teddy Arundell. It was based on a short story by Ethel M. Dell.
Premise
A young man leads a rebellion against the corrupt Governor who had their father executed.
Cast
Madge Stuart - Stephanie
Harvey Braban - Pierre Dumaresque
Teddy Arundell - Jouvain
Charles Croker-King - Governor of Maritas
Kitty Fielder - Anita
References
External links
1920 films
1920 adventure films
British adventure films
British silent feature films
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British black-and-white films
Films based on works by Ethel M. Dell
Films based on short fiction
1920s British films
Silent adventure films
Yediören, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Tore Magnussen (12 July 1938 – 5 May 2013) was a Norwegian professional boxer.
They were born in Oslo. As an amateur boxer they won eight Norwegian championships between 1958 and 1965, representing the club BK Pugilist, and became Nordic champion in lightweight in 1965. In their professional career from 1965 to 1972 they won 15 of 27 bouts. Two of their losses were title bouts for the European Boxing Union lightweight title in 1970.
References
1938 births
2013 deaths
Sportspeople from Oslo
Lightweight boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Welterweight boxers
Norwegian male boxers
The men's welterweight (67 kg/147.4 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the sixth lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments, involving seventeen fighters from two continents (Europe and Asia). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
As there were too few competitors for a thirty-two-man tournament, fifteen of the fighters had byes to the second round. The tournament winner was Russian Nikolay Shtakhanov who won gold by defeating Turkey's Yahya Alemdag by unanimous decision in their final match. Serb Nebojsa Denic and Azerbaijani Ramil Nadirov won bronze medals for reaching the semi finals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Beyrebucak is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Fantasize Your Ghost is the second studio album by American band Ohmme. It was released on June 5, 2020 under Joyful Noise Recordings.
Background
Band members Sima Cunningham and Macie Stewart produced the album with musician Chris Cohen in Wisconsin in August 2019.
Tour
In May 2020, the band announced a tour of North American for January 2021.
Singles
On March 5, 2020, Ohmme announced the release of the album along with the first single "3 2 4 3".
Critical reception
Fantasize Your Ghosts was met with "universal acclaim" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 83, based on 11 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the album a 79 out of 100 based on 11 reviews.
Track listing
References
2020 albums
Joyful Noise Recordings albums
Ohmme albums
Theodora W. Youmans (February 1, 1863 – August 17, 1932) was an American journalist, editor, and women's suffrage activist from Wisconsin. As president of the Wisconsin Women's Suffrage Association, Youmans played an important role in securing Wisconsin women the right to vote.
Early life
Theodora W. Youmans was born Theodora Winton in Ashippun, Wisconsin and grew up in Prospect Hill. Them father, Theodore Sumner Winton, was a storekeeper and postmaster. Them mother, Emily Winton, was a former schoolteacher. They attended Carroll Academy in Waukesha County.
Career
Youmans started their career in the 1880s as a freelance writer, and later a staff writer, for the Waukesha Freeman. As a woman journalist, they were a pioneer in their field. In 1886 they wrote a series of articles about their experiences traveling alone in the Northwoods. Soon afterwards they began writing a regular "Women's World" column for the Freeman. They married the newspaper's editor and publisher, Henry Mott Youmans, in 1889, and was promoted to assistant editor in 1890.
As a journalist and a leader of local women's clubs, Youmans quickly rose to prominence and became a member of various boards and committees. They founded the Wisconsin Anti-Tuberculosis Association in 1908. In 1911, they began handling the press for the Political Equality League and lobbied for the 1912 suffrage referendum. They also continued their work as assistant editor and "suffrage writer" at the Waukesha Freeman. Despite their efforts, the 1912 referendum failed.
The Political Equality League merged with the Wisconsin Woman Suffrage Association, and in 1913, Youmans became president of the association. They traveled to New York City where they met suffrage leader Carrie Chapman Catt, who was also from Wisconsin. Catt convinced them that their best option was to try to force a federal amendment. Catt's hunch proved correct when another Wisconsin referendum on women's suffrage failed in 1917.
Although Youmans was a pacifist, they agreed to Catt's plan to win President Wilson's support for women's suffrage by supporting the war effort. The plan proved successful. With Wilson's support, the Nineteenth Amendment passed Congress in 1919. Wisconsin was the first state to ratify it.
Following Catt's lead at the national level, Youmans renamed the state suffrage organization as the Wisconsin the first president of the Wisconsin chapter of the League of Women Voters in 1920 and served as the state League's first vice president. Two years later, they ran for state senate as a Republican and lost. They died at their home in Waukesha, Wisconsin in 1932.
The Theodora Youmans Citizenship Award has been given each year by the Wisconsin chapter of the General Federation of Women's Clubs (GFWC-WI) since 1937. Youmans Park in Waukesha is named in their honor.
References
Further reading
1863 births
1932 deaths
American suffragists
Journalists from Wisconsin
People from Ashippun, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Women in Wisconsin politics
Thomas Norman Ault (December 17, 1880 – February 6, 1950) was a book illustrator and writer, now best known as a compiler of anthologies.
They wrote children's literature with their wife (He)Lena, who died in 1904. They later are noted as a scholar of English poetry of the seventeenth century, and Alexander Pope.
Works
The Rhyme Book (1906) with Lena Ault
The Podgy Book of Tales with Lena Ault
Dreamland Shores (1920)
Life In Ancient Britain 1920
The Poet's Life Of Christ (1923) editor
Elizabethan Lyrics: From The Original Texts (1925) anthology
Seventeenth Century Lyrics: From The Original Texts (1928) anthology
Pope's Own Miscellany (Nonesuch Press, 1935)
The Prose Works of Alexander Pope: The Earlier Works, 1711-1720 (1936)
A Treasury of Unfamiliar Lyrics (1938) anthology
A New Light on Pope (1949)
Alexander Pope Minor Poems (1954) editor, completed by John Butt
Bibliography
The Imaginative Book Illustration Society at has a bibliography by Robin Greer in Studies in Illustration no.2 1996
References
External links
1880 births
1950 deaths
British children's writers
British illustrators
Zając is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
Before the 1998 local boundary reforms it was administratively part of the Siedlce Voivodeship.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
Christopher John McBride (born 26 June 1999) is a Scottish cricketer. In June 2019, they were selected to represent Scotland A in their tour to Ireland to play the Ireland Wolves. They made their List A debut for Scotland A against the Ireland Wolves on 6 June 2019. They made their Twenty20 debut for Scotland A against the Ireland Wolves on 9 June 2019.
In March 2022, they were named in Scotland's One Day International (ODI) squad for the 2022 Papua New Guinea Tri-Nation Series tournament. They made their ODI debut on 15 April 2022, for Scotland against Oman.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Scottish cricketers
Scotland One Day International cricketers
Sportspeople from Dumfries
Oxford MCCU cricketers
Strojec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References
Strojec
Hans-Werner Maria Levy (born 29 June 1965), better known as Hank Levine, is a German director, documentary filmmaker and writer based in Berlin, Germany.  They are known for producing Academy Awards nominated films such as City of God and Wasteland.
Early life
Levine was born in Bonn, West Germany in 1965 and spent their childhood years in Hennef (Sieg). They graduated from high school in 1985 and studied law at the university town of Marburg for a few semesters. Between 1988 and 1990, they attended University of Bonn where they studied Economics. From 1990 to 1993, Levine attended Free University of Berlin where they studied journalism. From 1994, Levine attended University of California, Los Angeles's Extension Program where they studied advertising and feature film production.
Career
During their time at UCLA, Levine started shooting avant-garde short films and in 1993, they directed their first short film The Flying Dutchmen which premiered at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival. In 1995, they founded the production company Hank Levine Film GmbH. In 1996, Levine collaborated with Maggie Hadleigh-West and produced the documentary, War Zone, under the banner of Hank Levine Film GmbH. War Zone was filmed over several years and was premiered at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival in 1998.
Levine's documentaries and feature films focus on environment, human-rights and socio-political conflicts. In 2000, Levine moved to Brazil where they collaborated with the Brazilian film director, Fernando Meirelles and produced City of God for Meirelles's production company O2 Filmes. In 2005, Levine directed and produced a sports documentary, Ginga: The Soul of Brasilian Football, based on football in Brazil. The film was nominated at Prêmio Contigo! de Cinema Nacional awards in 2007, in the category Best Director and Best Documentary.
In 2010, Levine produced Rosa Morena, a Danish-Brazilian drama film directed by Carlos Augusto de Oliveira. The film premiered at the São Paulo International Film Festival in 2010. Later that year, they produced Waste Land directed by Lucy Walker. The film chronicles the life of the artist Vik Muniz. City of God and Waste Land were nominated under the several award categories at the 76th and the 83rd Academy Awards respectively.
In the year 2014, Levine produced Futuro Beach, a Brazilian-German drama film directed by Karim Aïnouz and starring Wagner Moura, Clemens Schick and Jesuíta Barbosa. The film premiered at the 64th Berlin International Film Festival and was nominated for the Golden Bear and Silver Bear awards.
In 2017, Levine produced and directed Exodus - Where I Come From is Disappearing. The film documents the story about people as refugees and asylum seekers at the various part of the world. The film's narration was written by Taiye Selasi and was narrated by Wagner Moura. The film was part of the Reykjavík International Film Festival in the year 2017.
Levine produced and directed Dialogue Earth in 2019, a feature length documentary based on the life of the German artist Ulrike Arnold.
Selected filmography
References
External links
Mass media people from Bonn
German film producers
German film directors
1965 births
Living people
Scott Salvator is an American interior designer.
Early life
Salvator was born in Rome, New York and raised in Lawrenceville, NJ. They began their education in building and design by joining their grandfather's businesses in construction and historic preservation in Princeton, N.J. They were responsible for the first total renovation of the Café Carlyle in New York's Carlyle Hotel, The Ardsley Building's art deco lobby, as well as the Ritz Tower. As a design associate to Mario Buatta, Salvator and Mark Hampton worked on the restoration of Blair House, the President's Guest House.
Salvator was named one of America's Top 100 Designers by House Beautiful magazine for eight consecutive years and was admitted to the New York Design Center Hall of Fame in 2004.  They are a lecturer and panelist at New York's National Academy of Design. They have worked on numerous charity show houses, including several for New York City's Kips Bay Show House. and has been featured in Architectural Digest, House Beautiful and Elle Decor.
They began their education in building and design by joining their grandfather's businesses in construction and historic preservation in Princeton, N.J. They hold degrees in accounting and law, is a member of the Bar in three jurisdictions. They also attended the Fashion Institute of Technology and Parsons School of Design for interior design.
References
External links
Official website
American interior designers
People from Rome, New York
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dr. William J. Clark is a Scottish orthodontist known for developing Twin Block Appliance in Orthodontics. This appliance was developed by Dr. Clark in 1977 in Scotland and since then this appliance has been used in correction of Class 2 malocclusions with retrognathic mandible. They also developed invisible TransForce Appliance in 2004.
Orthodontics
Clark is the recipient of the first award for distinction in Orthodontics by British Orthodontic Society. The International Functional Association awarded Clark in 2008 for their contributions to Orthodontics. They published a textbook in 2002 called Twin Block Functional Therapy - Applications in Dentofacial Orthopaedics. Dr. Clark is credited to be the first person part of a teleconference at a dental course in Chicago in 1990 which was eventually transmitted to 25 different cities via satellite.
Twin-Block Appliance
Twin-block appliances are used to correct Class II malocclusions with a deficient mandible. The appliance is removable in nature and involves more patient compliance than fixed functional appliances such as Herbst, Forsus or MARA which are attached to teeth. As the patient bites together, they bite with their mandible forward. Clark recommended the appliance to be worn for at least one year in order to see any growth changes happening. The actual growth of mandible is still a question and literature shows that a Twin-Block appliance is as effective as a Herbst appliance.
References
American dentists
Orthodontists
Karakaya, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
There are at least 35 named glaciers in Glacier National Park (U.S.). At the end of the Little Ice Age about 1850, the area containing the national park had 150 glaciers. There are 25 active glaciers remaining in the park today. Since the latest interglacial period began 10,000 years ago, there have been regular climate shifts causing periods of glacier growth or melt-back. The glaciers are currently being studied to see the effect of global warming. The glaciers in the park have been in a general state of retreat since at least the year 1850, which is oftentimes cited as the end of the Little Ice Age, when midlatitude glaciers reached their largest historical maximum. Though believed in the early 2000s that most of the glaciers in the park would disappear by the year 2020, more recent studies now give the year 2030 as a more likely date for this disappearance. A study done in 2003 on two glaciers indicated they would be completely gone by the year 2030, though some other glaciers may remain as small isolated ice bodies for a longer duration.
Agassiz Glacier – ;
Ahern Glacier – ;
Baby Glacier – ;
Blackfoot Glacier – ;
Boulder Glacier – ;
Carter Glaciers – ;
Chaney Glacier – ;
Dixon Glacier – ;
Gem Glacier – ;
Grinnell Glacier – ;
Harris Glacier – ;
Harrison Glacier – ;
Herbst Glacier – ;
Hudson Glacier – ;
Ipasha Glacier – ;
Jackson Glacier – ;
Kintla Glacier – ;
Logan Glacier – ;
Lupfer Glacier – ;
Miche Wabun Glacier – ;
North Swiftcurrent Glacier – ;
Old Sun Glacier – ;
Piegan Glacier – ;
Pumpelly Glacier – ;
Pumpkin Glacier – ;
Rainbow Glacier – ;
Red Eagle Glacier – ;
The Salamander Glacier – ;
Sexton Glacier – ;
Shepard Glacier – ;
Siyeh Glacier – ;
Sperry Glacier – ;
Swiftcurrent Glacier – ;
Thunderbird Glacier – ;
Two Ocean Glacier – ;
Vulture Glacier – ;
Weasel Collar Glacier – ;
Whitecrow Glacier – ;
See also
Mountains and mountain ranges of Glacier National Park (U.S.)
Notes
Further reading
Glacier National Park
Glaciers
The Korean water toad, Korean toad, water toad, or Stejneger's toad (Bufo stejnegeri), is a species of toad found in East Asia. Two distinct populations are known to exist, one in eastern Liaoning province of northeastern China, and one in the central mountains of the Korean Peninsula. Within South Korea, it is found in eastern Gyeonggi (specifically Gapyeong) and also in Gangwon-do (particularly the Odaesan mountain complex). In addition, it is expected that there are or have been additional populations in the region between central Korea and Liaoning.
The classification of the Korean water toad into the genus Bufo was challenged in a 2006 paper. However, no alternative classification was proposed and the species is at present provisionally allocated to Bufo.
The Korean water toad is found inland, at elevations from 200 to 700 meters above sea level. As its name suggests, it favors water, and is typically found in wooded riparian areas. Breeding and egg-laying take place in the waters of streams and rivers. The water toad is typically nocturnal, but is also active during the day during the summer rains.
Because of their superficial similarity to frogs, Korean water toads are sometimes eaten. However, like other toads, they are poisonous. A case of severe poisoning from a digoxin-like immunoreactive substance was reported in 1998.
References
Bufo
Frogs of China
Amphibians of Korea
Amphibians described in 1931
Taxa named by Karl Patterson Schmidt
The 2003 Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament of Hearts, a women's curling event, was held January 17–20, at the Montague Curling Club in Montague, Prince Edward Island. The winning team was Team Suzanne Gaudet who represented Prince Edward Island, finished with a 10-1 round-robin record and finished 3rd overall in the page playoff at the 2003 Scott Tournament of Hearts in Kitchener, Ontario.
Teams
A Event
B event
C event
Playoffs
Semi Final
January 22, 2:00 PM AT
Final
January 22, 7:00 PM AT
References
Prince Edward Island Scott Tournament Of Hearts, 2003
2003 in Prince Edward Island
Curling in Prince Edward Island
In many extant t'ai chi classic writings the dependence of t'ai chi ch'uan on Chinese philosophy is acknowledged. T'ai chi teachers have historically asserted that the principles of tai chi chuan practice can be applied to a student's lifestyle.
'T'ai chi ch'uan' is often translated supreme ultimate pugilism or boundless fist. This refers to the ancient Chinese martial art. However, in terms of philosophy t'ai chi has a wider meaning. The concept of t'ai chi or the Supreme Ultimate is used in various Chinese philosophical schools, usually to represent the contrast in opposing categories, or the interplay of those categories usually termed yin and yang. These abstract terms represent the relationships used to describe perceived opposites in the phenomenal world: full and empty, movement and stillness, soft and hard, light and dark, hot and cold, et cetera. This scheme has had a lasting influence in traditional Chinese culture, shaping theory in schools as diverse as Confucianism, Taoism, Legalism and, to a lesser extent, Chan Buddhism, as well as traditional Chinese medicine and feng shui. T'ai chi ch'uan, a relatively recent development compared to the asupervisorstioned schools was even named by some of its earliest known exponents after the t'ai chi concept, possibly as late as the mid-nineteenth century.
In the "Forty Chapters" t'ai chi classic text supplied by Yang Pan-hou to Wu Ch'uan-yu in the late nineteenth century, there are the following references to the philosophy of t'ai chi ch'uan as applied to a practitioner's lifestyle:
14. An Explanation of the Spiritual and Martial in Tai Chi
The spiritual is the essence, the martial is the application. Spiritual development in the realm of martial arts is applied through the ching (metabolic energy), ch'i (breath energy) and shen (spiritual energy) - the practise of physical culture. When the martial is matched with the spiritual and it is experienced in the body and mind, this then is the practise of martial arts. With the spiritual and martial we must speak of "firing time," for their development unfolds according to the proper sequence. This is the root of physical culture. Therefore, the practise of the martial arts in a spiritual way is soft-style exercise, the sinew power of ching, ch'i and shen. When the martial arts are practical in an exclusively martial way, this is hard style, or simply brute force. The spiritual without martial training is essence without application; the martial without spiritual accompaniment is application without essence. A lone pole cannot stand, a single palm cannot clap. This is not only true of physical culture and martial arts, but all things are subject to this principle. The spiritual is internal principle; the martial is external skill. External skill without internal principle is simply physical ferocity. This is a far cry from the original nature of the art, and by bullying an opponent one eventually invites disaster. To understand the internal principles without the external skill is simply an armchair art. Without knowing the applications, one will be lost in an actual confrontation. When it comes to applying this art, one cannot afford to ignore the significance of the two words: spiritual and martial.
19. An Explanation of the Three Levels of the Spiritual and Martial in Tai Chi
Without self-cultivation, there would be no means of realising the Tao. Nevertheless, the methods of practise can be divided into three levels. The term level means attainment. The highest level is the great attainment; the lowest level is the lesser attainment; the middle level is the attainment of sincerity. Although the methods are divided into three levels of practise, the attainment is one. The spiritual is cultivated internally and the martial externally; physical culture is internal and martial arts external. Those whose practise is successful both internally and externally reach the highest level of attainment. Those who master the martial arts through the spiritual aspect of physical culture, and those who master the spiritual aspect of physical culture through the martial arts attain the middle level. However, those who know only physical culture but not the martial arts, or those who know only the martial arts without physical culture represent the lowest levels of attainment.
20. An Explanation of the Martial Aspect of T'ai Chi
As a martial art, T'ai Chi is externally a soft exercise, but internally hard, even as it seeks softness. If we are externally soft, after a long time we will naturally develop internal hardness. It's not that we consciously cultivate hardness, for in reality our mind is on softness. What is difficult is to remain internally reserved, to possess hardness without expressing it, always externally meeting the opponent with softness. Meeting hardness with softness causes the opponent's hardness to be transformed and disappear into nothingness. How can we acquire this skill? When we have mastered sticking, adhering, connecting and following, we will naturally progress from conscious movement to interpreting energy and finally spiritual illumination and the realm of absolute transcendence. If our skill has not reached absolute transcendence, how could we manifest the miracle of four ounces moving a thousand pounds? It is simply a matter of “understanding sticky movement” to the point of perfecting the subtlety of seeing and hearing.
24 An Explanation of the Spiritual and Martial in Tai Chi
If the essence of material substances lies in their phenomenological reality, then the presence of the ontological status of abstract objects shall become clear in the final culmination of the energy that is derived from oneness and the Real. How can man learn this truth? By truly seeking that which is the shadow of philosophy and the charge of all living substances, that of the nature of the divine.
See also
Zhuang Zhou
I Ching
Lao Tzu
Neijia
Neo-Confucianism
T'ai chi classics
Silk reeling
Tao Yin
References
Tai chi
Eastern philosophy
Armenia competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom from 27 July to 12 August 2012. This was the nation's fifth consecutive appearance at the Olympics in the post-Soviet era.
The Armenian Olympic Committee sent a total of 25 athletes to the Games, 21 men and 4 women, to compete in 9 sports. The nation's team roughly shared the same size with Beijing and Sydney, only by the number difference between men and women. Armenia also marked its Olympic debut in taekwondo, competed by Arman Yeremyan, who was also the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
Armenia left London with one silver and one bronze medals.
Medalists
Athletics
Key
Note – Ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only
Q = Qualified for the next round
q = Qualified for the next round as the fastest loser or, in field events, by position without achieving the qualifying target
NR = National record
N/A = Round not applicable for the event
Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round
Men
Women
Boxing
Men
Gymnastics
Artistic
Men
Judo
Shooting
Men
Swimming
Men
Women
Taekwondo
Weightlifting
Men
Women
Wrestling
Key
- Victory by Fall.
- Decision by Points - the loser with technical points.
- Decision by Points - the loser without technical points.
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
References
2012 in Armenian sport
Nations at the 2012 Summer Olympics
2012
Silvia Andrea Santos Luz (born March 5, 1975 in Araçatuba), nicknamed Silvinha, is a Brazilian women's basketball player. They represented their country twice at the Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia), and won a silver and a bronze medal with the Brazil women's national basketball team.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Araçatuba
Brazilian women's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Brazil
Olympic silver medalists for Brazil
Olympic bronze medalists for Brazil
Olympic medalists in basketball
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
Nyan Tun Aung () was the Minister for Transport of Myanmar. They have served as the Deputy Minister for Transport and was a Colonel in the Myanmar Air Force.
References
Transport ministers of Myanmar
People from Mandalay Region
Burmese military personnel
1948 births
Living people
The House of Ariki () is a parliamentary body in the Cook Islands. It is composed of Cook Islands high chiefs (ariki), appointed by the King's Representative. While it functions in a similar way to the House of Lords and the Senate of Canada, the country's parliament is officially unicameral. There are up to twenty-four members, representing different islands of the Cooks.
Its function is to:
"consider such matters relative to the welfare of the people of the Cook Islands as may be submitted to it by [Parliament] for its consideration, and it shall express its opinion and make recommendations thereon to [Parliament]"
It may only discuss matters put to it by the democratically elected Parliament, and may only voice suggestions in return.
Formation
The establishment of the House of Ariki was suggested in May 1965 during negotiations on the new constitution of the Cook Islands prior to independence. The initial proposals were for it to have six Ariki from Rarotonga and eight from the outer islands, with the House meeting annually under the chairpersonship of the High Commissioner. Amendments to the legislation on the new constitution were passed by the New Zealand Parliament in June, providing for the creation of the House.
The House was established in September the following year, consisting of ten chiefs. It was intended to confer additional legitimacy and strength to the newly self-governing nation, and to help it define its national identity. Henry stated:
"The ariki [and other chiefly ranks] and their tribes are the backbone of all nations in this world. For any nation to allow this backbone to be broken or to disappear would mean that they are relying on a foreign backbone for their survival."
The House was inaugurated by the High Commissioner Leslie James Davis on 23 September 1966. Vakatini Tepo of Rarotonga was chosen as its first president.
Composition
The members are:
The four ariki of the islands of Aitutaki and Manuae;
The three ariki of the island of Atiu;
The ariki of the island of Mangaia;
The two ariki of both the islands of Rakahanga; and Manihiki;
The three ariki of the island of Mauke;
The three ariki of the island of Mitiaro;
The ariki of the island of Penrhyn;
The ariki of the islands of Pukapuka and Nassau;
The six ariki of the island of Rarotonga;
The incumbent president of the House of Ariki is Tou Travel Ariki (Mitiaro). The vice-president is Kainuku Kapiriterangi Ariki (Takitumu).
Criticism
According to Ron Crocombe and Jon Tikivanotau Jonassen:
"The House of Ariki was created to marginalize the ariki. Most of them had opposed the party that won the election at self-government, so it created and quarantined them in a House with dignity but no power. To marginalize ariki further, that party later created a Koutu Nui of mata'iapo and rangatira (lesser chiefs) many of whom had supported the party."
June 2008 coup claim
On 13 June 2008, a small majority of members of the House of Ariki attempted a coup, claiming to dissolve the elected government and to take control of the country's leadership. "Basically we are dissolving the leadership, the prime minister and the deputy prime minister and the ministers," chief Makea Vakatini Joseph Ariki explained. The Cook Islands Herald suggested that the Ariki were attempting thereby to regain some of their traditional prestige or mana.
Prime Minister Jim Marurai described the take-over move as "ill-founded and nonsensical". Police commissioner Pat Tasker added that it was "laughable", and that the police did not intend to take it seriously. By 23 June, the situation appeared to have normalised, with members of the House of Ariki accepting to return to their regular duties.
See also
List of presidents of the House of Ariki
House of Lords
Chamber of Peers
References
External links
NZ Māori stirs Cooks sovereignty stoush
Government of the Cook Islands
Politics of the Cook Islands
Government agencies established in 1966
Jun Fujita (, Fujita Junnosuke, 13 December 1888 - 12 July 1963) was a first-generation Japanese-American photojournalist, photographer, silent film actor, and published poet in the United States. They were the first Japanese-American photojournalist. As an American, Fujita lived in Chicago, Illinois and worked for the now defunct newspapers: the Chicago Evening Post, published from 1886 to 1932, and Chicago Daily News, which was published 1876 to 1978. Fujita was the only photographer to document the aftermath of the St. Valentine's Day massacre. Following their death in 1963, most of their work was donated to the Chicago Historical Society, which later became the Chicago History Museum.
Early life
Jun Fujita was born Junnosuke Fujita on 13 December 1888 in Nishimura, a village near Hiroshima, Japan. When they were older, Fujita moved from Japan to Canada, where they worked odd jobs to save enough money to move to the United States of America, which they considered to be a "land of opportunity." They moved to Chicago, Illinois, where they attended and graduated from Wendell Phillips Academy High School, a four-year predominantly African-American public school whose notable alumni include Nat "King" Cole, Gwendolyn Brooks, and Archibald Carey, Jr. Following their high school graduation, they studied mathematics at the Armour Institute of Technology, which later became the Illinois Institute of Technology, with plans to become an engineer. To help pay their way through college, Fujita took a job as the first and only photojournalist at the Chicago Evening Post, which later became the Chicago Daily News.
Career
Photojournalism
Fujita's career as a photojournalist caused numerous media sensations. They became known not only in Chicago but nationally as well. Fujita was the only photographer to capture two of the century's biggest events: the aftermath of the St. Valentine's Day massacre and the sinking of the S.S. Eastland.
Fujita also photographed and documented racism against African-Americans in the Chicago area during their career. Notable examples included photographing three Illinois Army National Guard questioning a black man during the Chicago Race Riot of 1919 and photographing several White-American men stoning a black man to death. They also defied a court order and photographed Dr. William D. Shepard, D.O. at Shepard's murder trial. Fujita photographed some of the most famous people of their time, including Albert Einstein, Frank Lloyd Wright and Al Capone.
Towards the end of their newspaper career, they operated a photo booth at Century of Progress. They also opened their own photography studio called Photo Craft, where they served clients such as Sears, Roebuck and Company. In their semi-retirement, Fujita photographed and painted prairies and wildflowers in Illinois and participated in showing some of their work.
Writing
In addition to a historic career as a photojournalist, Fujita was an accomplished and published poet and author. Fujita was the first Japanese-American to write tanka, a form of waka. They compiled a collection of their poems in Tanka: Poems in Exile. This book was published by Covici-McGee in 1923. They also contributed writings to Poetry, the magazine published by the Modern Poetry Society (which later became the Poetry Foundation), and the Literary Digest.
Acting
Fujita worked as a silent film actor for Essanay Studios in Chicago, a movie studio which was best known for producing several Charlie Chaplin comedies. Fujita had several minor roles before starring in a lead role in the two-reel film called Otherwise Bill Harrison in 1915. Their film career waned as the movie industry shifted from Chicago to Hollywood, California.
Personal life
Fujita married Florence Carr, a white journalist from Illinois. Florence was born Flossie Carr in Ringwood, Illinois on 16 October 1893 and died on Chestnut Street in Chicago in October 1974. It has been asserted that due to anti-miscegenation laws, the two were unable to marry until 1940, some years after they initially met. A more likely explanation is that under terms of the Expatriation Act of 1907, Carr would have lost their citizenship by marrying Fujita, a non-citizen. This provision was repealed by the Nationality Act of 1940.
The two lived together at 1930 West Chicago Avenue in Chicago, Illinois and had no children. Carr and Fujita also owned a cabin on Rainy Lake in Minnesota, which was called "Jap Island" by locals. Fujita's cabin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fujita was granted honorary citizenship in the United States by an act of Congress. The United States Senate Bill was submitted by James Hamilton Lewis, who was the senator from Illinois at the time. Senator Hamilton submitted the Bill for Fujita's American citizenship due to Fujita's contributions to American society in the area of photojournalism. Fujita's citizenship came at a time when Asian-Americans were not allowed American citizenship by naturalization due to their race. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Fujita volunteered to serve in active duty for the United States but was turned down due to their age, as they were 53 years old at the time.
Fujita died on 12 July 1963, at the age of 74. Fujita was cremated and interred in an unknown plot in Chicago's Graceland Cemetery, most likely in the Japanese section.
Legacy
Fujita is considered to be a groundbreaking icon among Asian-Americans, Japanese-Americans, and photojournalists. Following their death, Fujita's widow Florence donated most of their work to the Chicago History Museum.
In 2020, the Newberry Library in Chicago launched an exhibit examining Fujita's life and work.
References
The Chicago Shimpo – The Chicago Japanese American News, Friday, October 10, 2008, Volume 5732, Page 7.
Nichi Bei Times
External links
Photograph taken by Jun Fujita of an African American questioned by three Illinois Army National Guardsmen
Photograph of the Interior of Rockefeller Chapel by Jun Fujita
St. Valentine's Day massacre photograph by Jun Fujita
Photograph of Church Architecture in Chicago by Jun Fujita
Photograph of Al Capone talking to their lawyer, Mike Ahern, in 1929 taken by Jun Fujita
Jun Fujita Cabin at Voyageurs National Park
1888 births
1963 deaths
American male silent film actors
Japanese male silent film actors
20th-century Japanese male actors
Japanese poets
American poets
American poets of Asian descent
20th-century American male actors
American writers of Japanese descent
American photojournalists
Illinois Institute of Technology alumni
People from Hiroshima Prefecture
Japanese emigrants to the United States
Works Progress Administration workers
American male journalists
American journalists of Asian descent
American male actors of Japanese descent
20th-century American poets
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
Joan Rosenbaum (born in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American curator and was the director of the Jewish Museum from 1981 until September 2011 when they retired. Rosenbaum is a speaker and panelist on art and Jewish culture related subjects. They also wrote and published articles for the Jewish Museum as well as other institutions.
Early years
Rosenbaum was born in Hartford, Connecticut to Jewish parents. They attended Boston University and Hunter College, studying art history and received a certificate in non-profit management from Columbia University.
Career
Early on in their museum career, Rosenbaum worked as a curatorial assistant in drawing and prints at the Museum of Modern Art (1965–72). From 1972 until 1979, they were the director of the museum program at the New York State Council on the Arts. Rosenbaum then worked one year as a consultant at the Michael Washburn firm before becoming the director of the Jewish Museum in 1981.
Some of the exhibitions the Jewish Museum showed during their tenure as director are: The Dreyfus Affair: Art, Truth, and Justice; Gardens and Ghettos: The Art of Jewish Life in Italy; The Circle of Montparnasse: Jewish Artists in Paris, 1905-1945; New York: Capital of Photography; The Power of Conversation: Jewish Women and Their Salons; Too Jewish? Challenging Traditional Identities; Action/Abstraction: Pollock, de Kooning and American Art, 1940-1976; Schoenberg, Kandinsky, and the Blue Rider; Houdini: Art and Magic; and exhibitions on individual artists such as Man Ray, Anni Albers, Marc Chagall, Chaïm Soutine, Amedeo Modigliani, Camille Pissarro, Louise Nevelson, Sarah Bernhardt, and Eva Hesse.
During their time at the Jewish Museum, Rosenbaum managed to increase the museum's attendance by a third, the museum's collection grew to 26,000 objects and the annual budget increased from $1 million in 1981 to $15 million. In addition, from 1990 until 1993, Rosenbaum led the project to renovate and expand the museum's building, doubling it in size as well as leading the museum's first major capital campaign, of $60 million.
In 1984 they were a member of the lobbying coalition, that lobbied for an $11 million/ 28 percent increase in annual state aid to the arts.
Other roles
In 2000, Rosenbaum was a creative time board member of Creative Time and Artists Space: Anchorage 2000 as well as in 2004, for the Creative Time and Artists Space: Red Velvet Committee and in 2005, they were on the glow committee of the Creative Time and Artists Space: Committee Content.
Rosenbaum has honorary doctorates from the Knighthood of the Order of the Dannebrog from Denmark (1983), the Chevalier for Arts and Letters from the Cultural Ministry of France (1999) and the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (2003). They have served several years as an active member of the Association of Art Museum Directors (AAMD) and the Council of American Jewish Museums (CAJM).  They are also on the board of Artis, an independent nonprofit organization that supports contemporary artists from Israel.
Rosenbaum is a speaker and panelist on art and Jewish culture related subjects. They wrote and published articles for the Jewish Museum as well as other institutions.
Publications
1982: J. James Tissot: Biblical Paintings, The Jewish Museum, ASIN B00IZOCGT6
1983: Celebrating Rites of Passage: Judaic Treasures From The Jewish Museum, The Jewish Museum, ASIN B002ABI662
2004: Masterworks of The Jewish Museum, The Jewish Museum,
References
Living people
Directors of museums in the United States
Women museum directors
People from Hartford, Connecticut
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yorobougoula is a village and seat of the commune of Gouanan in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Annagh or Anagh may refer to:
Places
Republic of Ireland
Annagh, County Cavan; townland
Annagh, townland in Kilkenny West civil parish, barony of Kilkenny West, County Westmeath, Republic of Ireland
Northern Ireland
Anagh (barony), County Londonderry, Northern Ireland; now called Tirkeeran
Note: Nearly 30 other townlands in the Republic of Ireland bear the name Annagh
See also
Enagh Lough, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland; a pair of loughs
The Reform of French universities is an extensive overhaul of the French public higher education system. The reform was initiated by Nicolas Sarkozy soon after their election as President of France, in line with their campaign policies. Their government passed the bill, Liberties and Responsibilities of Universities in 2007. Its intent was to allow universities more financial autonomy, while reducing the need for government funding. The reform programme was modified by the subsequent François Hollande government in 2013, with the introduction of the Law on Higher Education and Research. The new law aimed to rationalise the geographic coverage of higher education courses and research areas, encouraging merging of some institutions. National limits on certain professional and technical degrees were introduced, along with measures that permitted greater selectivity of students, in alignment with high school academic achievement. Most recently, the "Law on Orientation and Academic Success" was enacted in 2018, extending the measures begun by the Hollande reform.
References
External links
50 Years after May '68: Higher Education Reform & Student Protests in France 2017/18, webdossier by the German Education Server (DBS)
Universities in France
Education policy in France
France
Universities
Hemibagrus furcatus is a species of bagrid catfish found in Sabah, Malaysia. This species reaches a length of .
References
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Malaysia
Taxa named by Heok Hee Ng
[Category:Taxa named by Keith M. Martin-Smith]]
[Category:Taxa named by Ng Peter Kee Lin]]
Fish described in 2000
Çukurelma is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Natalya Eduardovna Andreychenko (; born May 3, 1956) is a Russian actor. Them most famous roles include the title character in Mary Poppins, Goodbye and Lyuba in Wartime Romance. They have the title of Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1984)
Biography
Andreychenko decided to become an actor in early high school. After an unsuccessful attempt to get into the Mikhail Shchepkin Higher Theatre School, they were admitted to the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography where they studied under Sergei Bondarchuk and Irina Skobtseva. In 1976 they appeared in their first films From Dawn Till Sunset and Kolybelnaya dlya Muzchin. Them first successful film role was in the 1979 epic film Siberiade, which received the special jury prize at the Cannes Film Festival. However, Natalya became more popular in the Soviet Union after their roles in Mary Poppins, Goodbye and Wartime Romance, both feature films released in 1983.
Personal life
From their first marriage to the Russian composer Maksim Dunayevsky they had a son named Dmitry (born 1982), a banker by profession. In 1985–2005 they were married to the Austrian/Swiss actor, writer, producer and director Maximilian Schell, with whom they made the film Little Odessa. They have one daughter together, Anastasia Schell.
 They are a vegetarian, practices a raw food diet, and is engaged in yoga.
Filmography
From Dawn Till Sunset (1975) as Valya
Stepan's Remembrance (1976) as Tanyushka
Dolgi nashi (Our debts) (1976)
Kolybelnaya dlya muzhchin (Lullaby for men) (1977) as Valya Krylova
The Steppe (1978) as Girl
Zhnetsy (1978) as Mariya
Ukhodya – ukhodi (If you're going away – then go) (1978)
Torgovka i poet (Saleswoman and a Poet) (1979)
Siberiade (1979) as Nastya Solomina
Priletal marsianin v osennyuyu noch (1979)
Koney na pereprave ne menyayut (1980)
Ladies Invite Gentlemen (1981) as Raisa
Chelovek, kotoryy zakryl gorod (A Man Who Has Closed the City) (1982) as Nina Lazareva
Lyudmila (1982)
Wartime Romance (1983) as Lyuba
Dvoe pod odnim zontom: Aprelskaya skazka (Two under a one umbrella) (1983) as Lyudmila
Meri Poppins, do svidaniya (1984, TV Movie) as Mary Poppins
Maritsa (1985, TV Movie) as Maritsa
Peter the Great (1986, TV Mini-Series) as Eudoxia
Forgive Me (1986) as Maria
Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District (1989) as Yekaterina
Candles in the Dark (1993, TV Movie) as Marta Velliste
Ne idet... (1994)
Little Odessa (1994) as Natasha
Aurora: Operation Intercept (1995) as Francesca Zaborszin
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman (1997, TV Series) as Princess Nizamova
Modern Vampires (1998, TV Movie) as Panthia
8 ½ $ (1999) as Kseniya
NYPD Blue (2000, TV Series) as Leah Shenkov
Give Me Moonlight (2001)
Down House (2001)
O'key (2002)
My Big Armenian Wedding (2004, TV Mini-Series) as Lena's Mother
(2006, TV Mini-Series) as Dariya
Ochen russkiy detektiv (2008)
Na kryshe mira(2008) as Elena Naumova
Self
Meine Schwester Maria (2002) as Natascha Schell
References
External links
Pictures of Andreychenko at Google images
1956 births
Living people
Russian film actores
Soviet film actores
Russian Christians
Actresses from Moscow
20th-century Russian actores
21st-century Russian actores
Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography alumni
Recipients of the Lenin Komsomol Prize
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
This is a list of notable past and present residents of the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii, and its surrounding metropolitan area.
Arts
Satoru Abe, American sculptor and painter
Jean Charlot, internationally famous French-American painter, muralist, and illustrator
Tadashi Sato, known for Aquarius, a 36-foot circular mosaic on the floor of the atrium of the Hawaii State Capitol
Madge Tennent, British-American painter considered the most important contributor to 20th-century Hawaiian art
Dallas Nagata White, landscape photographer known for "lava kiss"
Jeff Widener, American photojournalist
John Chin Young, known for their Zen-like depictions of horses
Athletics
Robyn Ah Mow-Santos, Olympic silver medalist volleyball player and coach
Dennis Alexio, kickboxer
David Amerson, football player, North Carolina State and Washington Redskins cornerback
Francys Arsentiev, first U.S. woman to reach the summit of Mount Everest without the aid of bottled oxygen
David Aupiu, football player
Dino Babers, head football coach for the Syracuse Orange
Heather Bown, Olympic silver medalist volleyball player
Byron Chamberlain, NFL player
Bryan Clay, 2008 Olympic gold medalist for the decathlon
Jeff Cobb, Olympian and ROH wrestler
Buster Crabbe, 1932 Olympic gold medalist and actor (Tarzan, Flash Gordon, and Buck Rogers)
Ron Darling, MLB pitcher, broadcaster
Ka'imi Fairbairn, American football player
Sid Fernandez, MLB pitcher
Chris Fuamatu-Maʻafala, NFL player
Kurt Gouveia, NFL player
Charlie Hough, MLB pitcher
Mike Huff, MLB pitcher
Nia Jax, WWE wrestler
Duke Kahanamoku, Olympic gold medalist, surfer, actor
Olin Kreutz, NFL player
Ashley Lelie, NFL player
Karl Lorch, NFL player
Mike Lum, MLB player
Salvador "Dado" Marino (1915-1989), flyweight boxer who became World flyweight champion in 1950
Marcus Mariota, NFL player
Carissa Moore, professional surfer
Ken Niumatalolo, football coach
Ed Parker, martial artist, author
B.J. Penn, UFC lightweight and welterweight champion
Max Holloway, former UFC Featherweight Champion
Dominic Raiola, NFL player
Nick Rolovich, college football coach
Kyla Ross, Olympic gold medalist gymnast and member of the Fierce Five
Lenn Sakata, MLB player
Teee Sanders, Olympic bronze medalist volleyball player
Dave Shoji, since 2013, all-time winningest NCAA Division I head volleyball coach
John Simerson, football player
Thomas Tamas, sport shooter
Manti Teʻo, football player for Notre Dame and San Diego Chargers
Shane Victorino, MLB World Series champion (2008 Philadelphia Phillies, 2013 Boston Red Sox)
Michelle Wie, professional golfer
Milt Wilcox, MLB pitcher
Jerome Williams, MLB pitcher
Kim Willoughby, Olympic silver medalist volleyball player
Bobby Wood, MLS soccer player
Alexander Cartwright, "Father of Baseball"
Business
Genshiro Kawamoto, billionaire real estate investor
Stanley Kennedy Sr. founder of Hawaiian Airlines
Darren Kimura, business person, founder of Sopogy
Pierre Omidyar, eBay creator and founder
William S. Patout, III, sugar grower from Iberia Parish, Louisiana; lived in Honolulu, 1959 to 1960.
Charles Reed Bishop, business person, philanthropist, founder of the Bishop Museum
James Dole, developer of the pineapple industry in Hawaii, namesake of the Dole Food Company
Literature
Joseph Campbell, writer, lecturer
Jack London, author, journalist, and social activist
Jack Lord, actor
Lois Lowry, author
Herman Melville, author
James A. Michener, Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist
Janet Mock, author and MSNBC talk show host
Robert Louis Stevenson, novelist, poet, essayist and travel writer
Hunter S. Thompson, journalist and author
Mark Twain, author
Kirby Wright, poet and writer
Movies/television/media
Jacob Batalon, actor
Sarah Wayne Callies, actor
Tia Carrere, singer, actor
Mark Dacascos, actor, martial artist
Denise Dowse, actor and director, Beverly Hills, 90210
David Gallaher, graphic novelist and comic book author
Lauren Graham, actor and producer, Gilmore Girls
Erin Gray, actor, Silver Spoons
John Halliday, actor
Kelly Hu, actor, Miss Hawaii Teen USA 1985, Miss Teen USA 1985
Carrie Ann Inaba, judge, Dancing with the Stars
Keahu Kahuanui, actor, plays Danny Mahealani in series Teen Wolf on MTV
Nicole Kidman, Academy Award-winning actor
Daniel Dae Kim, actor
Clyde Kusatsu, actor
Lori Matsukawa, television news anchor
Al Michaels, television sportscaster
Jason Momoa, actor, director, model
Jack Mower, actor
Tahj Mowry, actor
Jim Nabors, actor, singer, The Andy Griffith Show, Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
Timothy Olyphant, actor, Deadwood, Justified
Maggi Parker, actor, Hawaii Five-O (1968 TV series)
Janel Parrish, actor, model, plays Mona in Pretty Little Liars
Kelly Preston, actor, model
Maggie Q, actor, Nikita
Hironobu Sakaguchi, video game director, writer and producer
James Shigeta, actor
Karen Steele, actor
Don Stroud, actor
Mageina Tovah, actor
Mark Edward Fischbach, YouTuber known as "Markiplier"
Kam Fong Chun, actor, Hawaii Five-O (1968 TV series)
Katija Pevec, actor
Music
Anjani, singer-songwriter and pianist
Yvonne Elliman, popular singer
Don Ho, popular singer
Israel "Iz" Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole, Hawaiian musician
Melody Miyuki Ishikawa, singer
Bruno Mars, singer-songwriter
Glenn Medeiros, singer-songwriter
James Mercer, frontman of rock band The Shins
Bette Midler, singer and actor
Kid Ory, jazz musician and bandleader
Nicole Scherzinger, singer, dancer, model
Jake Shimabukuro, ukulele virtuoso
Hana Shimozumi, light opera singer
Huening Kai, Korean-American singer in boyband TXT
Donald Sur, composer and musicologist
Mike Starr, musician, Alice in Chains
Politics
Neil Abercrombie, Governor of Hawaii, 2010-2014
Daniel Akaka, U.S. Senator, first Native Hawaiian Senator in the United States
George Ariyoshi, 3rd Governor of Hawaii, the first Asian American governor in the United States
John A. Burns, 2nd Governor of Hawaii
Jimmy Carter, 39th President of the United States
Ben Cayetano, Governor of Hawaii 1994-2002
Nora Stewart Coleman, former First Lady of American Samoa
Sanford B. Dole, lawyer, jurist, the President of the Republic of Hawaii, and the 1st Territorial Governor of Hawaii
Tammy Duckworth, United States Senator from Illinois and former U.S. member of congress representing the 8th Congressional district in Illinois
Hiram Fong, United States Senator, namesake of the Senator Fong's Plantation & Gardens in Kaneohe
Mazie Hirono, U.S. Senator from Hawai'i
Daniel Inouye, Medal of Honor recipient, U.S. Senator, President pro tempore
Princess Kaʻiulani, crown princess, heir to the throne of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi
King Kalakaua, last reigning king of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi
Queen Liliuokalani, last reigning Queen of the Hawaiian Islands
Oren E. Long, former territorial governor of Hawai'i, one of Hawai'i's first US Senators
King Lunalilo, King to the Kingdom of Hawaii
Ferdinand Marcos, former President of the Philippines
Patsy Mink, former U.S. member of congress who co-authored the Title IX Amendment of the Higher Education Act, first Japanese-American woman licensed to practice law in Hawaii
Barack Obama, 44th President of the United States
Sarah Palin, politician, 2008 Republican Vice-Presidential candidate
Syngman Rhee, 1st President of South Korea
Mark Takai, former U.S. Representative
Lorrin A. Thurston, lawyer, politician in Honolulu early 1900s
Sun Yat-sen, "Father of the Nation" of the Republic of China, and the "forerunner of democratic revolution" in the People's Republic of China
Miscellaneous
Judi Andersen, Miss Hawaii USA 1978, Miss USA 1978
Bernice Pauahi Bishop, Hawaiian princess, philanthropist, aliʻi, and Kamehameha descendant
Doris Duke, American heiress, socialite, horticulturalist, art collector, and philanthropist
Ann Dunham, mother of Barack Obama
Amelia Earhart, American aviation pioneer and author
Katrina Forest, American microbiologist and structural biology pioneer.
Charles Irving Elliott aviation pioneer
Marcus "Dyrus" Hill, League of Legends professional player
Willi Hennig, biologist
Brook Lee, Miss Hawaii USA 1997, Miss USA 1997, Miss Universe 1997
Elizabeth Peet McIntosh, OSS agent in WWII
Megan McClung, first female United States Marine Corps officer killed in combat during the Iraq War
Harry T.L. Pang, posthumous Purple Heart recipient killed during the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor while serving with the Honolulu Fire Department
James Mahmud Rice, sociologist
David C. Schutter, attorney and activist
Winfield W. Scott Jr., United States Army Lieutenant General
Charles L. Veach, American astronaut
Macel Wilson, Miss Hawaii USA 1962, Miss USA 1962
Tanya Wilson, Miss Hawaii USA 1972, Miss USA 1972
Danny Yamashiro, American clergyman, researcher, and religious broadcaster
References
Honolulu
Honolulu
3 point players is a disability sport classification for wheelchair basketball. People in this class have good forward and backward trunk movement but poor to no sideways trunk movement. The class includes people with L2-L4 paraplegia and amputations. Amputees are put into this class generally if they have hip disarticulations or hip abductions. Players in this class can generally rebound balls that are over their heads, but they can have some issues with balance during lateral rebounds.
Classification into these classes has four phases. They are a medical assessment, observation during training, observation during competition and assessment. Observation during training may include a game of one on one. Once put into this class, it is very difficult to be classified out of it.
Players in this class include Australia's Tina McKenzie, Sarah Stewart and Katie Hill.
Definition
This classification is for wheelchair basketball. Classification for the sport is done by the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation. Classification is extremely important in wheelchair basketball because when players point totals are added together, they cannot exceed fourteen points per team on the court at any time. Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the wheelchair basketball players in this classification as players having: "May has some limb movement more control of their trunk. They are quite limited in their sideways movement." The Australian Paralympic Committee defines this classification as: "Players with good trunk movement in the forward direction to the floor and up again without arm support. They have good trunk rotation but no controlled sideways movement." The International Wheelchair Basketball Federation defines a 3 point player as "Good trunk movement in the forward direction to the floor and up again without arm support. Has good trunk rotation but no controlled sideways movement." The Cardiff Celts, a wheelchair basketball team in Wales, explain this classification as, "excellent stability of the trunk in a forwards and backwards direction. [...] Typical Class 3 Disabilities include : L2-L4 paraplegia, with control of hip flexion and adduction movements, but without control of hip extension or abduction. Post-polio paralysis with minimal control of lower extremity movements. Hip disarticulation or above-knee amputees with very short residual limbs."
A player can be classified as a 3.5 point player if they display characteristics of a 3 point player and 4 point players, and it is not easy to determine exactly which of these two classes the player fits in. For example, Australian Shelley Chaplin is classified as 3.5 point player.
Strategy and on court ability
3 point players generally can grab, with both hands, rebounds over their head by moving their trunk forward. They have issues with balance when trying to laterally rebound the ball unless it is a one handed catch to the side of their chair. While navigating their chair on the court, they can move it forcefully without upsetting their balance. There is a significant difference in special endurance between 2 point players, and 3 and 4 point players, with 2 point players having less special endurance.
Disability groups
People with amputations may compete in this class.
Amputees
People with amputations may compete in this class. This includes A1, A3 and A9 ISOD classified players. Because of the potential for balance issues related to having an amputation, during weight training, amputees are encouraged to use a spotter when lifting more than .
Lower limb amputees
ISOD classified A1 players may be found in this class. This ISOD class is for people who have both legs amputated above the knee. There is a lot of variation though in which IWBF class these players may be put into. Those with hip articulations are generally classified as 3 point players, while those with slightly longer leg stumps in this class are 3.5 point players. Lower limb amputations effect a person's energy cost for being mobile. To keep their oxygen consumption rate similar to people without lower limb amputations, they need to walk slower. A1 basketball players use around 120% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as some one without a lower limb amputation.
ISOD classified A3 tend to be classified a 4 point players or 4.5 point players, though they could also be classified as 3.5 point players. The cut off point between the three classes is generally based on the location of the amputations. People with amputations longer than 2/3rds the length of their thigh are generally 4.5 point players. Those with shorter amputations are 4 point players. A3 players use around 41% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as some one without a lower limb amputation. Players in this class can have issues with controlling their sideways movements.
Because of the potential for balance issues related to having an amputation, during weight training, amputees are encouraged to use a spotter when lifting more than .
Upper and lower limb amputees
ISOD classified A9 players may be found in this class. The class they play in will be specific to the location of their amputations and their lengths. Players with hip disarticulation in both legs are 3.0 point players while players with two slightly longer above the knee amputations are 3.5 point players. Players with one hip disarticulation may be 3.5 point players or 4 point players. People with amputations longer than 2/3rds the length of their thigh when wearing a prosthesis are generally 4.5 point players. Those with shorter amputations are 4 point players. At this point, the classification system for people in this class then considers the nature of the hand amputation by subtracting points to assign a person to a class. A wrist disarticulation moves a player down a point class while a pair of hand amputations moves a player down two point classes, with players with upper limb amputations ending up as low as a 1. point player.
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
Wheelchair basketball players who went to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in this classification need to have their classification be in compliance with the system organised by the IWBF and their status being listed as ‘Review' or ‘Confirmed'. For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy. This policy was put into place in 2014, with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations. All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games, with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case by case basis. In case there was a need for classification or reclassification at the Games despite the best efforts otherwise, wheelchair basketball classification was scheduled for September 4 to 6 at Carioca Arena 1.
Getting classified
Classification generally has four phases. The first stage of classification is a health examination. For amputees in this class, this is often done on site at a sports training facility or competition. The second stage is observation in practice, the third stage is observation in competition and the last stage is assigning the sportsperson to a relevant class. Sometimes the health examination may not be done on site for amputees because the nature of the amputation could cause not physically visible alterations to the body. This is especially true for lower limb amputees as it relates to how their limbs align with their hips and the impact this has on their spine and how their skull sits on their spine. For wheelchair basketball, part of the classification process involves observing a player during practice or training. This often includes observing them go one on one against some one who is likely to be in the same class the player would be classified into. Once a player is classified, it is very hard to be classified into a different classification. Players have been known to have issues with classification because some players play down their abilities during the classification process. At the same time, as players improve at the game, movements become regular and their skill level improves. This can make it appear like their classification was incorrect.
In Australia, wheelchair basketball players and other disability athletes are generally classified after they have been assessed based on medical, visual or cognitive testing, after a demonstration of their ability to play their sport, and the classifiers watching the player during competitive play.
Competitors
Australian Shaun Norris is a 3 point player. Tina McKenzie, Sarah Stewart and Katie Hill are 3 point players for Australia's women's national team. Yvon Rouillard is a 3 point player for the Canadian men's national team. Dave Durepos and Mickael Poulin are 3.5 point players for the Canadian men's national team.
Variants
Wheelchair Twin Basketball is a major variant of wheelchair basketball. This version is supposed by the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation, and played in Japan. Twin basketball has a three-point classification system based on the evaluation of the mobility of people with cervical cord injuries. In this variant, the equivalent to three point players would be players without a headband. These players are "Players without a headband (no band players) - the players possess good triceps, a good balance of the hand and some finger functions. They can score by shooting with a smaller and lighter basketball to the normal basket."
References
External links
Paralympic Classification Education Video by the Australian Paralympic Committee
Class 3 point player
Tet 1969 refers to the attacks mounted by the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and Viet Cong (VC) in February 1969 in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War, one year after the original Tet Offensive.
Most attacks centered on military targets near Saigon and Da Nang and were quickly beaten off. Some speculate that the attacks were mounted to test the will of the new U.S. President Richard Nixon who retaliated by secretly bombing PAVN/VC sanctuaries in Cambodia the following month.
Numerous bases were attacked, these attacks were all beaten back but did inflict casualties and reinforced the fact that PAVN/VC forces were able to mount attacks at will.
Long Binh/Bien Hoa
Intelligence had indicators of the pending attacks. On 19 February, a defector surrendered to Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) forces and revealed a large VC force would attack key installations in the Saigon area to include Long Binh Post. Unfortunately, the reporting was delayed and did not reach Long Binh until the morning of 22 February 1969, the day the defector warned the attacks were set to begin.
After sundown on the 22nd, elements of the VC 274th Regiment, 5th Division made their final preparations while occupying three hills along Highway 15 approximately three kilometers south of the base. That evening, several ambush squads from the 720th Military Police Battalion, 18th MP Brigade kept watch along potential avenues of approach to Long Binh Post. One of the MP ambush squads held a position within a kilometer of the VC stronghold. At 02:00 on 23 February, the 274th VC Regiment initiated their attack with an estimated 78 rounds of rocket and mortar fire from their positions. The rounds landed on post with some igniting the POL fuel site east of the highway.
The VC made several attempts to advance on the base, but were halted. Full-scale sweeping operations to secure the perimeter began just after noon that day. M113 armored personnel carriers and M551 Sheridan armored reconnaissance vehicles supported the forces on the ground while AH-1 Cobra gunships and OH-6 helicopters provided air support. These units made occasional contact, often with PAVN or VC who fought stubbornly from trenches and spider holes.
In the early morning hours of 26 February, a force of approximately 400 men from the VC 275th Regiment, 5th Division, had infiltrated into the tiny village of Thai Hiep on the outskirts of Bien Hoa. About 85 per cent of the force was estimated to be PAVN soldiers. At about 03:00, as reconnaissance elements of the unit were observed and engaged by US Air Force security forces at the perimeter of Bien Hoa Air Base, the villagers began to flee their homes, running down streets and creek beds. The villagers met elements of the South Vietnamese 5th Marine Battalion, the 3rd Battalion, 48th Infantry Regiment, 18th Division and the 3rd Squadron, 5th Armored Cavalry moving on the road less than a half mile from Thai Hiep in response to the contact at the air base. The villagers told the ARVN forces how they were driven out of their homes and confined to an area near a creek running alongside the village. At that time, the air base security forces reported that they had lost contact with the enemy reconnaissance element which withdrew east toward Thai Hiep. The ARVN units swiftly moved into blocking positions, and by daybreak, the PAVN/VC were surrounded. Additional South Vietnamese Regional Force elements moved in and the ARVN troops continued to contain the PAVN/VC forces until 11:00 when assault forces, in the form of the ARVN 36th Ranger Battalion, reinforced the contact. By 15:00 the 36th Ranger Battalion moved into the village attacking the PAVN/VC force. The series of assaults met heavy resistance by the battalion of PAVN who had turned the villagers sandbagged shelters into a series of well-fortified defensive positions. ARVN psychological operations units broadcast repeated loud-speaker appeals and warnings, and all of the remaining villagers and several wounded PAVN/VC evacuated out of Thai Riep. Just after 16:00 US Air Force F-100s and F-4s along with Republic of Vietnam Air Force A-1 Skyraiders were directed against the PAVN/VC positions in the village. Following the employment of the supporting fires, the 36th Ranger Battalion moved back into the village. The Rangers met only slight, disorganized resistance. By 01:00 the next morning, the bodies of 264 PAVN/VC soldiers lay in the village, and 87 had been captured or surrendered. More than 100 individual and crew-served weapons were captured. ARVN casualties were 10 killed and 100 wounded and one US Army photographer was killed. The prisoners revealed that their mission had been to attack Bien Hoa city and the Bien Hoa Air Base.
Da Nang
Since early February 1969, the 1st Marine Division had noted an upsurge in PAVN/VC activity around Da Nang. On 7 February Company D, 1st Battalion, 26th Marines found a PAVN/VC base area near the Nam O bridge northwest of the Red Beach Base Area, leaving the base untouched, they returned at night setting up a series of ambushes that killed 18 PAVN and captured 2. On 8 February patrols from 3rd Battalion, 7th Marines found 7 122mm rockets 14 km southwest of Da Nang and another 13 140mm rockets 2 km further south. On 18 February a Company F, 2nd Battalion, 1st Marines called in artillery fire on a group of PAVN/VC 5 km south of Marble Mountain resulting in 21 secondary explosions believed to be from detonating rockets. Also in mid-February Company D, 1st Battalion, 7th Marines engaged an entrenched PAVN platoon 22 km southwest of Da Nang killing 30 and the ARVN 2nd Battalion, 51st Regiment operating 4 km west of the Marines killed 49 PAVN moving north of Go Noi Island.
After midnight on 23 February Company K, 3rd Battalion, 1st Marines and Company D, 1st Military Police Battalion detected VC approaching the Song Cau Do river bridges and attacked them killing 47 and capturing 11. A 70-strong VC force attacked the 2/1 Marines command post 6 km south of Marble Mountain losing 17 dead.
To the west of Da Nang, shortly after midnight on the 23rd Company M, 3/7 Marines ambushed a PAVN force killing 10 and later that night a larger force was spotted and artillery fire was called in. On searching the site at dawn it was found that 2 PAVN 81mm mortar teams had been destroyed in the barrage.
Before dawn on 23 February, the first day of Tết, the PAVN/VC fired 25 122mm rockets at Da Nang's deep water port hitting an ARVN ammunition dump and a fuel tank farm at Da Nang Air Base and cause minor damage to an A-6A and 6 helicopters at the Air Base. Later that day rockets hit the Hoa Combat Base destroying 15,000 rounds of artillery ammunition and igniting 40,000 gallons of aviation fuel and 50 rockets were fired at Naval Support Activity Da Nang with more than half going into the sea and the remainder causing minor damage.
At dawn PAVN sappers attacked the 1st Marine Division headquarters on Hill 327 and the 2/7 Marines command post to the northwest. These attacks were repulsed for Marines losses of 18 killed and more than 75 PAVN killed.
After dawn on 23 February a VC unit was detected near the Hòa Vang District and the Marine security force killed 6 and captured 2 and forced the rest of the unit to retreat into a cemetery where they were attacked by the ARVN 21st Ranger Battalion the next day losing a further 57 killed.
Meanwhile to the west 3/7 Marines continued to engage PAVN forces, forcing them into 3 pockets along the Song Tuy Loan river. Two of the pockets were destroyed by the next morning resulting in the capture of the acting commander of the 141st Regiment. The last pocket along the Tan ridgeline proved more difficult and Company L, 3/7 Marines suffered numerous casualties forcing it to withdraw. On the morning of 26 February following Napalm and Snake Eye air strikes, Company L, reinforced by Company M assaulted the PAVN position making slow progress against determined PAVN resistance. The attack continued into 27 February when the Marines overran the PAVN resulting in a total of more than 200 killed.
PAVN/VC retreating to the south from Da Nang were intercepted by elements of the 1st Marine Regiment and ARVN 1st Battalion, 51st Regiment 11 km south of Da Nang losing 139 dead in 3 days of fighting.
The PAVN/VC attacks on Da Nang were a failure resulting in more than 500 dead.
References
External links
Cold War International History Project's Cold War Files
Conflicts in 1969
1969 in Vietnam
Military operations of the Vietnam War
Battles involving the United States
Battles involving Vietnam
Battles and operations of the Vietnam War in 1969
February 1969 events in Asia
Battles and operations of the Vietnam War
History of Đồng Nai Province
History of Quảng Nam province
Otto von Erdmannsdorff (22 October 1888 – 30 December 1978) was a German diplomat who served as ambassador to Hungary under the Nazis from 1937 to 1941, and was later acquitted of war crimes in the Ministries Trial.
A member of the Saxon juridical service before the First World War, and a participant in that war, Von Erdmannsdorff afterward held diplomatic posts in Mexico, China, and Tokyo. They took up their post as ambassador to Hungary on May 11, 1937. Although serving as ambassador for Hitler's government during a critical period, they were not themselves a Nazi: the U.S. Ambassador to Hungary at the time, John F. Montgomery, mentioned that von Erdmannsdorff "almost resigned at one time because they didn't want to cope with the Nazis", and Hungarian regent Miklós Horthy described them as "the last of the professional German diplomats". They nonetheless became a nominal member of the party in 1937. They were replaced as ambassador in July 1941 by Dietrich von Jagow, a party member rather than professional diplomat.
Thereafter, they served as Deputy to Ernst Wörmann, who was Chief of the Political Division of the German Foreign Office. Although the Political Division was staffed mainly by civil servants who were either nominal members of the Nazi Party or not members at all, it was nonetheless involved in implementing the Final Solution. This led to von Erdmannsdorff's being charged with war crimes in the Ministries Trial after the war; however, they were acquitted as a result of a determination that they lacked sufficient power and influence to have been able to prevent the crimes.
Their memoirs are unpublished, and contain among other things a number of quotations from Horthy recorded during von Erdmannsdorff's four years representing Germany in Hungary.
Notes
References
1888 births
1978 deaths
Ambassadors of Germany to Hungary
People indicted for war crimes
People acquitted by the United States Nuremberg Military Tribunals
The first Argentine Chess Championship was held in 1921. The Champion's title was granted after victorious or drawn match between previous champion and challenger, a winner of Torneo Mayor (this or the next year). The matches were done away in 1950 year, for except 1952 year.
The Argentine Chess Championship is organized by the Argentine Chess Federation.
Matches winners (1921-1953)
The results of the matches were as follows:
1921/22 Damian Reca – Benito Villegas 5 : 2
1922 Benito Villegas – Lizardo Molina Carranza 6.5 : 1.5 (extra-official match)
1924 Damián Reca – Benito Villegas 5 : 3
1924 Richard Réti (CSR) – Damián Reca 2.5 : 0.5 (non-official match)
1925 Damián Reca – Julio Lynch 5.5 : 2.5 (extra-official match)
1926 Roberto Grau – Damián Reca 5 : 3
1927/28 Damián Reca resigned to play a match for the title.
1929 Roberto Grau – Isaias Pleci 4 : 0
1930 Isaías Pléci – Roberto Grau 5 : 3
1931 Isaías Pléci – Virgilio Fenoglio 6 : 4
1931/32 Jacobo Bolbochán – Isaías Pléci 6 : 3
1932 Jacobo Bolbochán – Isaías Pléci 5.5 : 1.5
1933 Luis Piazzini – Jacobo Bolbochán 5.5 : 2.5
1934/35 Roberto Grau – Luis Piazzini 7.5 : 5.5
1935 Jacobo Bolbochán – Isaías Pléci 2.5 : 0.5 (play-off)
1936 Roberto Grau – Jacobo Bolbochán 5 : 3
1937 Carlos Guimard – Roberto Grau 6 : 2
1938 Carlos Guimard – Luis Piazzini 7.5 : 2.5 (Jacobo Bolbochán resigned)
1939 Roberto Grau – Carlos Guimard 7.5 : 5.5
1939 Triangular 1. Maderna, 2. Piazzini, 3. Gerschman (play-off)
1940 Carlos Maderna – Luis Piazzini 8 : 6 (Roberto Grau resigned)
1940 Triangular 1. Carlos Guimard, 2. Aristide Gromer (FRA), 3. Franciszek Sulik (POL) (play-off)
1941 Carlos Guimard – Carlos Maderna 8 : 1
1942 Héctor Rossetto – Carlos Guimard 8 : 5 (Rossetto took 3rd place, behind Markas Luckis (LTU) and Herman Pilnik (GER) in ARG-ch 20th Mayor in 1941)
1942 Herman Pilnik (former German, then Argentine citizen) won, ahead of Juan Traian Iliesco (ROM)
1943 Juan Iliesco (former Romanian, then Argentine citizen) took 2nd place, behind Gideon Ståhlberg (SWE)
1944 Héctor Rossetto – Juan Iliesco 4.5 : 0.5
1946 Herman Pilnik – Héctor Rossetto 5 : 3
1948 Julio Bolbochán – Héctor Rossetto 5 : 5
1949 Miguel Najdorf (former Polish, then Argentine citizen) – Julio Bolbochán 5.5 : 4.5
1951 Triangular 1. Carlos Maderna, 2. Jacobo Bolbochán, 3. Enrique Reinhardt (play-off)
1953 Miguel Najdorf – Rubén Shocrón 4.5 : 0.5
Argentine champions and winners of Challenger's selection tournament (1921-1953)
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! Year !! Event !! City !! Champion !! Winner of Torneo Mayor
(Challenger)
|-
| 1921 || match in 1922 || Buenos Aires || || Reca and Villegas
|-
| 1922 || extra-official match in 1923|| Buenos Aires || || no contest
|-
| 1923 || match in 1924 || Buenos Aires || || Reca
|-
| 1924 || without match || Buenos Aires || || Richard Réti (off contest)
|-
| 1925 || extra-official match in 1925|| Buenos Aires || || no contest
|-
| 1926 || match in 1926 || Buenos Aires, Rosario, La Plata || || Grau
|-
| 1927 || without match || Buenos Aires || || Reca
|-
| 1928 || match in 1929 || Buenos Aires || || Pleci
|-
| 1929 || match in 1930 || Buenos Aires || || Pleci
|-
| 1930 || match in 1931 || Buenos Aires || || Virgilio Fenoglio
|-
| 1931 || match in 1931/1932 || Buenos Aires || || Jac. Bolbochan
|-
| 1932 || match in 1932 || Buenos Aires || || Pleci
|-
| 1933 || match in 1933 || Buenos Aires || || Piazzini
|-
| 1934 || match in 1935 || Buenos Aires || || Grau
|-
| 1935 || match in 1936 || Buenos Aires || || Jac. Bolbochán, Pleci
|-
| 1936 || match in 1937 || Buenos Aires, Santa Fe || || Guimard
|-
| 1937 || match in 1938 || Buenos Aires, Necochea || || Jac. Bolbochán
|-
| 1938 || match in 1939 || La Plata || || Grau
|-
| 1939 || match in 1940 || Buenos Aires || || Juan Traian Iliesco (off contest)
|-
| 1940 || match in 1941 || Buenos Aires, La Plata || || Guimard
|-
| 1941 || match in 1942 || 9 de Julio, Buenos Aires || || Markas Luckis (off contest)
|-
| 1942 || without match || Buenos Aires || || Pilnik
|-
| 1943 || without match ||Buenos Aires || || Gideon Ståhlberg (off contest)
|-
| 1944 || match in 1944 || Nueve de Julio || || Rossetto
|-
| 1945 || match in 1946 || Bahía Blanca || || Pilnik
|-
| 1946 || without match || Buenos Aires || || Jul. Bolbochán
|-
| 1947 || without match || Buenos Aires || || Rossetto
|-
| 1948 || match in 1948 || Buenos Aires || || Jul. Bolbochán
|-
| 1949 || match in 1949 || Buenos Aires || || Najdorf
|}
Men's tournaments winners (1950- )
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! Year !! Event !! City !! Champion !! Winner of Torneo Mayor
(Challenger)
|-
| 1950 || tournament play-off in 1951 || Buenos Aires || || Maderna, Jac. Bolbochán,
Enrique Reinhardt
|-
| 1951 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Najdorf
|-
| 1952 || match in 1953 || Buenos Aires || || Ruben Shocron
|-
| 1953 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1955 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1956 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1957 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1958 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1959 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1960 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1961 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1962 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1963 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||Garcia, Samuel Schweber and Klein
|-
| 1964 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1965 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1966 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1967 || tournament || Mar del Plata || ||
|-
| 1968 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Sanguineti and Schweber
|-
| 1969 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Juarez and Garcia
|-
| 1971 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1972 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1973 || tournament || Santa Fe || || Sanguineti and Debarnot
|-
| 1974 || tournament || Caseros || ||
|-
| 1975 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Najdorf and Panno
|-
| 1976 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1978 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Emma and Campora
|-
| 1980 || tournament || Quilmes || ||
|-
| 1982 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Rubinetti, Hase, Baillo,
Bronstein and Campora
|-
| 1983 || tournament || Buenos Aires || || Baillo and Tempone
|-
| 1984 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1985 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 1986 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1987 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1988 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1989 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1990 || tournament || || || Soppe and Tempone
|-
| 1991 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1992 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1993 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1994 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1995 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1996 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1997 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1998 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 1999 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2000 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2001 || tournament || || || Felgaer and Peralta
|-
| 2002 || tournament || || || Labollita and Slipak
|-
| 2003 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2004 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2005 || tournament || || || Flores and Ricardi
|-
| 2006 || tournament || || Fernando Peralta ||
|-
| 2007 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2008 || tournament || Mendoza || ||
|-
| 2009 || tournament || La Plata || ||
|-
| 2010 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 2011 || tournament || La Plata || ||
|-
| 2012 || tournament || Villa Martelli || ||
|-
| 2013 || tournament || Saenz Pena || ||
|-
| 2014 || tournament || Saenz Pena || ||
|-
| 2015 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 2016 || tournament || Villa Martelli || ||
|-
| 2017 || tournament || Ramos Mejia || ||
|-
| 2018 || tournament || Laprida || Fernando Peralta ||
|-
| 2019 || tournament || Buenos Aires || ||
|-
| 2020 || tournament || || ||
|-
| 2021 || tournament || || Federico Pérez Ponsa ||
|-
| 2022 || tournament || Leonardo Tristan ||
|}
Women
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! Year !! City !! Champion
|-
|| 1938 || || Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1939 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1940 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1941 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1942 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1948 || || Paulette Schwartzmann
|-
|| 1949 || ||Paulette Schwartzmann
|-
|| 1950 || ||Paulette Schwartzmann
|-
|| 1951 || || María Angélica Berea de Montero
|-
|| 1952 || ||Paulette Schwartzmann
|-
|| 1953 || || Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1954 || || Soledad Gonzalez de Huguet
|-
|| 1955 || ||Odile Heilbronner
|-
|| 1956 || ||Soledad Gonzalez de Huguet
|-
|| 1957 || ||Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1958 || ||Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1959 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1960 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1961 || || Aida Karguer
|-
|| 1962 || ||Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1963 || ||Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1964 || ||Dora Trepat de Navarro
|-
|| 1965 || ||Aida Karguer
|-
|| 1968 || ||Celia Baudot de Moschini
|-
|| 1969 || ||Aida Karguer
|-
|| 1971 || ||Aida Karguer
|-
|| 1974 || || Julia Arias
|-
|| 1975 || ||Julia Arias
|-
|| 1976 || ||Julia Arias
|-
|| 1977 || ||Julia Arias
|-
|| 1978 || || Virginia Justo
|-
|| 1979 || || Edith Soppe
|-
|| 1980 || ||Edith Soppe
|-
|| 1981 || ||Edith Soppe
|-
|| 1982 || ||Virginia Justo
|-
|| 1983 || ||Virginia Justo
|-
|| 1984 || ||Virginia Justo
|-
|| 1985 || || Claudia Amura
|-
|| 1986 || || Liliana Burijovich
|-
|| 1987 || ||Claudia Amura
|-
|| 1988 || ||Claudia Amura
|-
|| 1989 || ||Claudia Amura
|-
|| 1990 || ||Liliana Burijovich
|-
|| 1991 || ||Liliana Burijovich
|-
|| 1993 || || Sandra Villegas
|-
|| 1994 || ||Sandra Villegas
|-
|| 1995 || || Elisa Maggiolo
|-
|| 1996 || ||Sandra Villegas
|-
|| 1998 || ||Elisa Maggiolo
|-
|| 1999 || ||Liliana Burijovich
|-
|| 2000 || Buenos Aires || Carolina Luján
|-
|| 2001 || ||Carolina Luján
|-
|| 2002 || Esperanza || Anahí Meza
|-
|| 2003 || Carlos Paz ||Liliana Burijovich
|-
|| 2004 || ||Carolina Luján
|-
|| 2005 || Sierra de la Ventana || Marisa Zuriel
|-
|| 2006 || Villa Martelli ||Carolina Luján
|-
|| 2007 ||Buenos Aires||María de Los Angeles Plazaola
|-
|| 2008 ||Buenos Aires||María de Los Angeles Plazaola
|-
|| 2009 || Puan || María Florencia Fernández
|-
|| 2010 ||Buenos Aires||María de Los Angeles Plazaola
|-
|| 2011 ||Buenos Aires||Ayelén Martínez
|-
|| 2012 ||Villa Martelli||Marisa Zuriel
|-
|| 2013 || Estancia Grande ||María Florencia Fernández
|-
|| 2014 ||Villa Martelli||Claudia Amura
|-
|| 2015 ||Buenos Aires||Carolina Luján
|-
|| 2016 ||Villa Martelli||Ayelén Martínez
|-
|| 2017 ||Buenos Aires||María Florencia Fernández
|-
|| 2018 ||Ushuaia||María Florencia Fernández
|}
Notes
References
http://reports.chessdom.com/news-2009/argentina-chess-championship
http://www.allyearchess.com
Chess national championships
Women's chess national championships
Championship
1921 in chess
Recurring sporting events established in 1921
Chess
The Intruder (Indonesian: Pembalasan Rambu) is a 1986 Indonesian action film inspired by First Blood.
Plot
The main character is Alex Trambuan (played by Peter O'Brian), known to their friends as Rambu, is a lone vigilante and former police officer who takes revenge on the gang who killed their wife.
The movie starts off with two gangsters driving recklessly down a road hitting an old woman. The two gang members get out the car, having a go at them until Rambu comes along with a baseball bat, smashing the car windows forcing the gangsters to pay the old woman. Rambu's wife wants Rambu to stop sorting other people's problems out. The gangsters from the first scene find out who Rambu is and plan attacks on them at various times, but fail each time. Eventually they turn on Rambu's wife and kill them After the murder of their wife, Rambu desperately seeks revenge and hunts down the leader of the gang, Mr. White (played by Craig Gavin).
Rambu gets invited by their employer, Mr. Andre, to a city council meeting where Mr. White and their gang also turn up. Rambu then finds out that Mr. Andre works for Mr. White, therefore angering Rambu who smashes the food hall with a crowbar. Rambu then gets held at gunpoint and gets taken prisoner by the gang. Subsequently, Rambu gets locked up in a cell for days of torture but gets set free by Mr. White's former wife Clara. After Clara rescues Rambu, they let them escape, and is subsequently cornered and killed by Mr. White and their gang.
Rambu later returns to the Mr. White's gang territory and declares war on the gang members. They break into the territory by cutting through barbed wires, enters Mr. White's living room holding a gang member hostage with a knife. White, however, shoots them and escapes with Mr. Andre while sounding the alarm calling the other gang members out to kill Rambu. Rambu then steals various weapons from a cabinet and fights off the gangs. Eventually they corner White and Andre in a warehouse, forcing them to drink a whole bottle of Rum instantly, and firing a machine gun madly, but does not kill them. Instead, Rambu lets the police deal with Mr. White and Mr. Andre and reveals them to the public for what they really are. The movie now ends with Rambu escaping the gangland and shortly thereafter meeting up with the police.
References
External links
1986 films
1986 action thriller films
Films shot in Indonesia
Indonesian action thriller films
Kenny Middlemiss (also known as Ken and Kenneth Middlemiss; born 19 June 1964) is a former Scottish badminton player. Kenny, is a 20-times National champion and has won 155 caps for the Scotland in badminton, the highest ever by any British athlete. Ken has represented Scotland in the four consecutive Commonwealth games between 1986 and 1998 across three disciplines; reaching quarterfinals several times. They also played in World championships between 1989 and 1997. They have won titles mainly in European grand prix in Portugal, Ireland, Iceland, Slovenia, Spain & Austria. They also won one World grand prix tournament in the United States besides a couple of runner-up performances in France and Scotland.  They are married to Elinor Middlemiss, another former player from their country.
Achievements
IBF World Grand Prix
The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) from 1983 to 2006.
Men's singles
Mixed doubles
IBF International
Men's singles
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Scottish male badminton players
Badminton players at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Badminton players at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Yaylaaltı, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Alamgir village comes under the Bhogpur development block of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab.
About
Alamgir lies on the Jalandhar-Pathankot road. The nearest railway station to Alamgir is Kala Bakra station at 2 km from it.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Mohammad Azarhazin (Persian: محمد آذر حزین, born January 8, 1951) is a retired Iranian amateur boxer who won a gold medal at the 1977 Asian Championships. They competed at the 1976 Olympics and was eliminated in the second bout.
References
1951 births
Living people
Boxers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Iran
Iranian male boxers
Light-middleweight boxers
Büyükbalıklı is a village in the Nilüfer district of Bursa Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Nilüfer District
Vinod Sharma (born 9 April 1946) is an Indian former cricketer. They played in 40 first-class matches between 1964 and 1979.  They are now an umpire, and stood in a match in the opening round of the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Indian cricket umpires
Northern Punjab cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
or Taka Katou is a Japanese male former adult video (AV) actor.
Life and career
Taka Kato was born in Akita on May 1, 1959. They graduated from a high school in Akita and in 1988 went to Tokyo where they worked as a photographer and adult video actor. Their official profile claims performances in 5000 to 5300 videos as of 2005. At the 8th Tokyo Sports Film Awards for work in 1997, they won the AV Leading Actor Award.
Kato is famous in the Japanese AV industry for their ability to induce "shiofuki" or female ejaculation. Their prowess in this area has earned them the resenting title "Goldfinger", although they claim that this title is made up by others. It was reported in 2007 that Kato's AV workload had lessened because they had erectile dysfunction issues, but Kato called it "all just a vicious rumor", though admitting they may no longer have the prowess of a 20-year-old.
Kato made their debut as a director with Superstar Loves Lolita (スーパースターはロリが好き) starring Yuu Aine and released by AV studio Dogma on September 15, 2007. The video, in which Kato also acted, was part of the 3rd D-1 Climax contest for Dogma directors. Kato's entry finished 8th among the 14 competitors.
In 2008, Kato joined talents with legendary Dogma director and founder TOHJIRO for a 10th anniversary celebration of their Lessons in Secret Technique "shiofuki" video. In this new collaboration, 10 Year Special Lessons In Secret Technique Men's Bible Vol. 1 (あれから10年 秘技伝授 男のバイブル[完全潮吹き入門] Vol.1), released June 19, 2008, Kato demonstrates their technique using a plastic transparent vagina. Their Dogma pupils have only limited success imitating them with actores Hotaru Akane, Ryo Akanishi, Marin Izumi, Yuu Tsuyuno and Mayura Hoshitsuki. Akanishi wins the special prize of having sex with Taka Kato. In a second video, 10 Year Special - Lessons In Secret Technique - Men's Bible Vol. 2 (あれから10年 秘技伝授 男のバイブル Vol.2), released July 19, 2008, Kato continues the lesson using vibrators. The Dogma staff learn their lessons well and apply them to actores Marin Izumi, Yuu Tsuyuno, Ryou Natsume, Mayura Hoshitsuki, and Akane Mochida.
Kato has also acted in several softcore V-Cinema films and has had appearances on TV and in videos as an expert in sexual techniques. They have published several books on the subject as well. They have even joined with a classical orchestra to whisper words of love on the 2006 CD Lovers Classic.
In February 2005, Kato used their porn expertise as one of a panel of 5 judges which gave out the first Adult Broadcasting Awards for adult shows on Japanese satellite TV broadcaster SKY PerfecTV!. Kato also presided as the host of an Internet variety TV program on GyaO called "Corner Kick" (コーナーキック). Sixteen of the 60 minute shows were produced in 2007. AV actor Hitomi Hasegawa was a regular on the program and guest stars included AV Idols Nao Oikawa and Kurumi Morishita as well as porn actor Ryuji Yamamoto.
Kato was one of the people interviewed for Misato Nakayama's January 2006 study of professionals in the adult industry, , published by Ohzora ().
In May 2012, Kato Taka's Gold Finger!! App for iPhone has launched in App Store (iOS).
News came out of Japan in November 2013 that Kato Taka had decided to retire from AV industry at the end of the year, as they were ready to move on with the next phase of their life.
Notes
References
Sources
Alt URL
1959 births
Japanese male pornographic film actors
Living people
Actors from Akita Prefecture
Westwood Studios, Inc. was an American video game developer, based in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was founded by Brett Sperry and Louis Castle in 1985 as Brelous Software, but got changed after 2 months into Westwood Associates and was renamed to Westwood Studios when Virgin Games (later Virgin Interactive Entertainment) bought the company in 1992. The company was bought by Electronic Arts alongside Virgin Interactive's North American operations in 1998. In January 2003, it was announced that Westwood, alongside Westwood Pacific (EA Pacific), would be merged into EA Los Angeles. The main studio location closed in March of that year.
Westwood is best known for developing video games in the real-time strategy, adventure and role-playing genres. It was listed in Guinness World Records for selling more than 10 million copies of Command & Conquer worldwide.
History
Early history and company name
Brett Sperry and Louis Castle met in late 1983 in Las Vegas. Sperry had a background in architecture and psychology and was already working in the gaming industry. Both Sperry and Castle worked as contract programmers. The two eventually became friends and decided to form a company together and named it Brelous Software.
Sperry and Castle founded Westwood Studios in 1985.
According to Louis Castle, the company was named after the "entertainment meets professional" character of the Westwood neighborhood in Los Angeles.
The company's first projects consisted of contract work for companies like Epyx and Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI), porting 8-bit titles to 16-bit systems like Commodore Amiga and Atari ST. Proceeds from contract work allowed the company to expand into designing its own games in-house. Their first original title was Mars Saga, a game developed for Electronic Arts and released in 1988. They laid the foundations for the real-time strategy genre with the release of real-time tactics game BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Revenge, one of the more literal translations of the tabletop game BattleTech.
Later success and acquisition by Virgin Games
One of the company's first great successes was Eye of the Beholder (1991), a real-time role-playing video game based on the Dungeons & Dragons license, developed for SSI. Other publishers of early Westwood games included Infocom and Disney. Their company was eventually acquired by Virgin Games in 1992.
The company in the late 1980s was known for shipping products late, but by 1993 it had so improved that, Computer Gaming World reported, "many publishers would assure [us] that a project was going to be completed on time because Westwood was doing it". The magazine added that it "not only has a solid reputation for getting product out on time, but a reputation for good product", citing Eye of the Beholder, The Legend of Kyrandia, and Dune II as examples. By then Westwood had about 50 employees, including up to 20 artists. Other Westwood titles from the early 1990s include Lands of Lore and Westwood's greatest commercial success, the 1995 real-time strategy game Command & Conquer. Building on the gameplay and interface ideas of Dune II, it added pre-rendered 3D graphics for gameplay sprites and video cinematics, an alternative pop/rock soundtrack with techno elements streamed from disk, and online play. Command & Conquer, Kyrandia, and Lands of Lore spawned several sequels.
Acquisition by EA and liquidation
In August 1998, Westwood and sister company Burst Studios was acquired by Electronic Arts for $122.5 million from Virgin Interactive's North American operations, which EA also acquired. At the time, Westwood games had a 5% to 6% share of the PC game market, especially the Command & Conquer franchise was considered very valuable. The 50,000 square foot building in Las Vegas included motion capture facilities, comfortable offices and was considered a showcase for the industry. According to Westwood Studios designer and programmer Joe Bostic, Electronic Arts did not interfere with Westwood's operations primarily due to Westwood co-founder Brett Sperry's efforts in keeping the corporate cultures of the two companies separate, but eventually Westwood succumbed to wishes that every game had to be a hit.
The last games Command & Conquer: Renegade and Earth & Beyond did not meet expectations of the publisher. In January 2003, EA announced their intent to close Westwood, as well as EA Pacific, and merge them into EA Los Angeles as part of a consolidation plan. This move included "significant layoffs" for Westwood, which at the time employed 100 people, while the remaining people were given the option to transfer to the Los Angeles studio or EA's headquarters. Most employees were let go by January 31, while some staff members stayed with Westwood transitionally until it was fully closed on March 31, 2003. Some formed Petroglyph Games in April 2003, while another three (Brett Sperry, Adam Isgreen and Rade Stojsavljevic) formed a development studio called Jet Set Games in 2008, both based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Games
References
External links
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Companies based in Las Vegas
Defunct companies based in Nevada
American companies established in 1985
Video game companies established in 1985
Video game companies disestablished in 2003
Video game companies of the United States
1985 establishments in Nevada
2003 disestablishments in Nevada
Electronic Arts
1998 mergers and acquisitions
A Viet Cong (VC) attack on Tan Son Nhut Air Base occurred during the early hours of 4 December 1966, during the Vietnam War. Tan Son Nhut Air Base was one of the major air bases used for offensive air operations within South Vietnam and for the support of United States Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) ground operations. The attack by VC sappers, supported by mortar fire, was repulsed by the United States Air Force (USAF) base security forces by 04:00, though VC stragglers continued to be engaged in and around the base until 5 December.
Prelude
After receiving intelligence that over 5000 American troops and tons of weapon would land at Tan Son Nhut Air Base in order to prepare for Operation Cedar Falls, elements of the Viet Cong Special Forces Unit F100 led by Lê Minh Xuân left its camp at Bình Chánh, suburb of Saigon. The VC special forces also had support from others VC troops outside the base for logistic and preventing reinforcement of ARVN and the USAF base security forces.
Battle
The VC force led by Nguyễn Văn Kịp (Đồng Đen) penetrated the base perimeter fence at approximately 01:00 on 4 December. The penetration was detected by a USAF sentry dog team at guardpost Alpha K-19 () north of the 07/25 runway and they raised the alarm. A USAF security patrol was deployed to guardpost and the VC began their attack shortly after this. An 8–9-man group of VC was engaged by guardpost 15 near Taxiway W-7. Another group of VC crossed the 07/25 runway and attempted to attack the aircraft parking area but were stopped by machine gun fire from bunker Delta 11 which killed 13 VC.
Another group of VC entered the C-47 and helicopter parking area. The VC fired and threw hand grenades into the aircraft parking area before withdrawing at 01:40. A power unit next to an aircraft revetment exploded after being hit by a grenade and the resulting fire damaged an RF-101C aircraft.
VC mortar fire from outside the base was detected by counter-mortar radar and the mortar site was targeted by ARVN 105mm artillery, Vietnam Air Force A-1s and helicopters from the US Army 120th Assault Helicopter Battalion. Elements of the ARVN 53rd Regional Force Battalion were ambushed as they approached the mortar site, suffering 2 killed but they overran the mortar position by 02:15 suffering a further 1 killed.
As some VC withdrew at approximately 01:40, the USAF security police moved to block their escape. At 02:10 the retreating VC engaged the USAF line in a firefight that lasted until 02:35. 2 USAF security police were killed in this engagement and 2 wounded, while 3 VC were killed.
At 02:30 a VC satchel charge exploded in the old bomb dump area in the north-central area of the base, detonating a store of US Navy 5 inch shells.
At 03:05 a USAF guard at post Alpha K-20 reported that the VC were attacking their position. At 03:50 a sentry dog unit at Alpha K-21 pursued retreating VC and at 04:15 Alpha K-20 was secured but the USAF security police officers at that post had been killed.
At 04:00 the base security forces were put on hold and at 04:45 a full search of the based was conducted. At 06:25 as the sun rose, VC were spotted on the road outside the base perimeter near the penetration point and were engaged by USAF security police, the VC returned fire and 2 VC were killed, 1 USAF wounded and 2 VC captured. A further 2 VC were captured near the west of runway 07/25. At 08:10 US forces mounted a search and destroy operation on the west perimeter of the air base until 09:20.
The air base resumed normal flight operations at 08:49.
At 20:21 Alpha Post K-34 detected VC and a quick reaction team was despatched to the scene. At 21:00 a search operation commenced and at 21:45 2 VC were killed in the area, a further 2 VC were killed later. At 22:45 to the south of the position another VC was located and killed. At 00:29 on 5 December a sentry dog team from A-34 detected VC and was soon engaged by 3 VC, the dog handler was shot and wounded, a quick reaction team arrived and the VC were killed with grenades. It was later determined that the VC were part of the original attack force who had been attempting to escape through the original entry point.
At 11:53 on 5 December, a VC was observed in the old bomb dump area and they were engaged and killed.
Aftermath
The Viet Cong claim that they withdrew having destroyed 260 airplanes, a depot of bombs and shells, 13 military vehicles and having killed or wounded over 600 US and ARVN soldiers.
The US suffered 3 USAF personnel killed and 15 wounded while the ARVN suffered 3 killed and 4 wounded. The US/ARVN killed 28 Viet Cong and captured 4. 17 aircraft suffered minor to moderate damage, 3 aircraft suffered major damage and 3 USAF vehicles were destroyed. The US considered the engagement as a victory as they had repulsed the attack with minimal losses.
References
External links
377th Air Police Squadron veterans site map of the attack
Video of USAF Security Police searching the base perimeter after the attack
Video of press briefing, dead VC and captured weaponry
Conflicts in 1966
1966 in Vietnam
Battles and operations of the Vietnam War in 1966
Battles of the Vietnam War involving the United States
Battles involving Vietnam
December 1966 events in Asia
Attacks on military installations in the 1960s
History of Ho Chi Minh City
Zansoni is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Fakolo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The village is 35 km northwest of Koutiala.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
is a private junior college, located in the city of Akita, Japan.
History
Misono School was opened by the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart in Akita City in 1940, and established a kindergarten teachers training school in 1957. It was officially chartered as a junior college in 1966. The school offers a curriculum for obtaining a teacher's certificate for nursery schools or kindergartens.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Akita Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Catholic universities and colleges in Japan
Buildings and structures in Akita (city)
Sarayaku (Quechuan: "The River of Corn"; also transcribed Sarayacu) is a territory and a village situated by the Bobonaza River in the province of Pastaza in the southern part of el Oriente, the Amazonic region of Ecuador. The territory incorporates a number of villages.
It has a total population figure of between 1,000 and 2,000 Kichwa-speaking people, who call themselves the Runa people of Sarayaku, or the Sarayaku people. These indigenous people are organized as the “Organización de Pueblos Indígenas de Pastaza” (OPIP). The leader of the Sarayaku people is Jose Gualinga (2011).
Since the early 21st century, the Sarayaku have engaged in a decade-long effort to resist efforts to drill for oil in their community, putting them at cross purposes with the Ecuadorian government and various multinational oil companies. The Sarayaku have used protests and legal challenges, successfully pursuing a suit in court.
Ecotourism
The village of Sarayaku is situated in tropical rainforest; it is approximately 25 minutes by plane or one day by canoe in the southeast direction from the nearest city, Puyo. Puyo is 50 kilometres east of the better known city of Baños. The Bobonaza River drains into the Amazon River at Iquitos in Peru, via the Pastaza and the Marañón rivers.
Since the late 20th century, the Sarayaku people have emphasized ecotourism as a means to make a sustainable living while preserving their culture and lands. They work to preserve the distinctive character and ecology of their delicate rainforest.
In the fall of 2003, university studies were established in Sarayaku. The program was developed through the cooperation of the universities of Cuenca, Ecuador, and Lleida, Spain. The main goal of the university program is to raise the quality of multicultural and multilingual education among the indigenous communities in the province of Pastaza. The people will be able to develop their own educational resources, and have an opportunity to learn at the university level about cultural identity and cultural traditions, other philosophies, and the Indian cosmo vision.
Conflict with government and multi-national petroleum companies
In the early 21st century, the Argentine oil company CGC moved into Sarayaku territory to conduct seismic surveys in search of petroleum. The Ecuadorian government has been eager to develop new resources, as the state economy is highly dependent on income from crude oil export to pay national debt. Neither the government nor the company had consulted with the indigenous community before starting these activities.
The Sarayaku protested and resisted CGC activities, as they believed that petroleum development would threaten the fragile nature of the Amazonian rainforest and their subsistence society. To stop the resistance, the government sent federal soldiers to Sarayaku and closed the Bobonaza River as traffic artery.
The Sarayaku people have accused the oil companies of ethnocide, as they believe oil development would destroy their subsistence economy and the unique rainforest habitat of their territory. Oil development can adversely affect the cultural, nutritive, ecological, and spiritual resources on this place. The Sarayaku believe it will undermine the social balance in the community. They claim that the oil industry is also the biggest threat to the recently founded university program in Sarayaku.
Among the activist leaders is Franco Viteri, former president of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of the Ecuadorian Amazon (CONFENAI). Made up of peoples of the Amazon Basin in Ecuador, this group "has been involved in nationwide protests for 30 years."
The Sarayaku filed suit against the government in the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, based in Costa Rica, saying it had failed to consult fully with the indigenous community before undertaking disruptive activities on their lands and threatening their environment. In 2011 Sarayaku activists and their attorneys traveled to Costa Rica to appear in court, when some had never been to the capital of Ecuador. The court directed "the [Ecuadorian] government to abide by international law and consult with the community regarding any project."
Representation in other media
The Kichwa de Sarayaku Indigenous community, in cooperation with Amnesty International, co-produced a documentary titled child of the Jaguar (2012). Directed by Eriberto Benedicto Gualinga Montalvo, the film tells the story of a Sarayaku 2011 victory in the Court of Human Rights in Costa Rica. The court ruled that the Ecuadorian government had to abide by international law and consult with the Sarayaku regarding any projects in their territory.
Released at film festivals, Children of the Jaguar was awarded "Best Documentary" by the Roads Film Project of the National Geographic Society. The film also received Colombia's Indigenous Festival prize for best depiction of a struggle by an indigenous people. In December 2012 Eriberto Gualinga received the Award for International Recognition, by Ecuador's Ministry of Culture for their film.
In 2003, two french Friends made a documentary about the story of oil exploitation in Ecuador. The last part is about Sarayaku where we can see Nina Gualinga as a child.
References
External links
Sarayaku official net site
Sarayaku: In defense of territory story map
"FR - SP - IN Boundary of life project", Frontiére de Vie; the Kichwa call this Sisa Nampi in their language, meaning "Great living way of flowers"
Lands inhabited by indigenous peoples
Populated places in Pastaza Province
Indigenous peoples in Ecuador
Indigenous peoples and the environment
Lifehouse may refer to:
Churches
Lifehouse International Church, a network of churches in Asia
Lifehouse, a CRC International church in Murray Bridge, South Australia
Music
Lifehouse (band), an American rock band
Lifehouse (album) (2005), the band's self-titled album
Lifehouse (rock opera), a rock opera by the British rock band The Who
Other uses
Lifehouse (novel) (1982), a science-fiction novel by Spider Robinson
See also
Urszula Radwańska was the defending champion, but decided not to participate that year.
Stéphanie Dubois became the first Canadian women to win this title, defeating Sania Mirza 1–6, 6–4, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
http://www.itftennis.com/procircuit/tournaments/women's-tournament/info.aspx?tournamentid=1100020105
Odlum Brown Vancouver Open
Vancouver Open
Trioceros schoutedeni, Schouteden's montane dwarf chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Rwanda and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1952
Taxa named by Raymond Laurent
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The paraphylax (, "chief guardian") was a low-ranking provincial military office in the middle Byzantine Empire.
The paraphylax is often attested in lead seals of the 7th–9th centuries, and mentioned in lists of offices. The post was low-ranking (bearers typically held the dignities of hypatos, strator, or, at most, spatharios), and apparently concerned with the maintenance of public order and/or the command of irregular forces. In seals, the office is frequently combined with provincial fiscal posts as well, such as the kommerkiarios or the chartoularios of the genikon.
Sources
Byzantine military offices
Angie Epifano, a former student at Amherst College, gained widespread media attention and millions of page views after they wrote an essay on their personal experience of sexual assault that was published in the Amherst student newspaper, The Amherst Student. After the publication of their essay, Amherst College began investigating its sexual assault procedures, and women from other college campuses in the United States came forward to file federal complaints under Title IX and to form groups to reduce sexual assault on college campuses.
Background
In 2011, Epifano was a first-year student at Amherst College majoring in African Art history. During their first-year student year, they told NPR that they were invited to watch a movie by an acquaintance and fell asleep during the movie (she reported they had not been drinking). When they awoke, they reported that the acquaintance was sexually assaulting her; the next morning they left and tried not to think about the assault. Them alleged assailant was never legally prosecuted or sanctioned by Amherst College. Nine months later they went to one of Amherst College's sexual assault guidance counselors. After some time and after seeing a second guidance counselor, they admitted to thinking about suicide and was forcibly admitted by Amherst College into a psychiatric ward for five days. They returned to school just before the end of the spring semester after they placed a restraining order on the person they alleged committed the assault. They subsequently dropped out of Amherst College and started working on a dude ranch in Wyoming during the fall of 2012. It was during this time that they became frustrated that they had left Amherst College without attempting to improve the support system for victims of sexual assault. They decided to do something about it by writing an essay on their experiences of the assault, with other students, and of the sexual assault support system at Amherst College.
Epifano's essay
On 17 October 2012, The Amherst Student published an essay by Epifano on their personal experience of a sexual assault at Amherst College. They reported that they were raped by a male acquaintance on May 25, 2011, in a dormitory on the campus of Amherst College. Nine months after the alleged rape occurred, a friend suggested that they seek counseling. When they eventually did so, they reported in their essay that a campus sexual assault counselor told them "In short I was told: No you can't change dorms, there are too many students right now. Pressing charges would be useless, he's about to graduate, there's not much we can do. Are you SURE it was rape?" They described how the counseling center focused on their apparent psychological instability and placed them in a psychiatric hospital. Within the first week of publication of the essay, it received over 370,000 hits.
Response
Immediately following the publication of Epifano's essay, Amherst College began reviewing its policies for handling sexual assault cases, brought in psychological experts, assigned new investigators, and started a "sexual respect" website. Amherst President Carolyn "Biddy" Martin stated "We need to do everything in our power to become a leader in encouraging victims to report sexual assault". Amherst College formed a Special Oversight Committee on Sexual Misconduct, which produced a critical report of the way sexual assault cases are handled at Amherst.
In November, 2013, Epifano and an anonymous former female former student filed a 113-page federal sexual assault complaint under Title IX. Subsequently, other complaints were filed under Title IX and the Clery Act. The complaints allege that Amherst and other schools violated Title IX by not providing a college environment that protects female students from discrimination and that the schools also violated the Clery Act by not keeping and making public information on campus crimes. After the publication of Epifano's essay, a group of activists formed "Know Your IX" website and group.
NPR contacted Amherst President Martin during the first week of April 2014 for comment and they replied:
Criticism
Wendy Kaminer writing for The Atlantic questioned how accurately Epifano could recall all of the events they reported in their essay. They conclude that "I'm not criticizing or judging Epifano for being acutely frightened and depressed" but rather that "I'm simply suggesting that different women react differently, according to their different circumstances, strengths and vulnerabilities."
References
External links
Epifano's essay
KNOW YOUR IX
Living people
Amherst College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sexual abuse
Sazlısu, Çıldır is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Alfred Lee may refer to:
Butch Lee (Alfred Lee, born 1956), Puerto Rican basketball player
Alfred Lee (bishop) (1807–1887), American Protestant Episcopal bishop
Alfred Lee (composer) (1839–1906), composer of many Victorian music hall songs, "The Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze" and "The Chipmunk Songbook"
Alfred McClung Lee (1903–1992), American sociologist, past president of American Sociological Association
See also
Ruchenka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
References
Ruchenka
Bremora is a village in Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 136 people.
References
Stockholm urban area
Populated places in Botkyrka Municipality
Södermanland
Ebenezer Walden (1777–1857) was mayor of Buffalo, New York, serving in 1838–1839. They were born in 1777 in Massachusetts. In 1799, they graduated from Williams College, then made their way to Oneida County, New York where they studied law. In 1806, they were admitted to the New York State bar and moved to Buffalo. For nearly two years Walden was the only lawyer west of Batavia. They invested heavily in real estate in this area, owning what became known as Walden Farm at what is now Fillmore and Walden Avenue. In 1812, they married Suzanna Marvin.
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Cattaraugus, Chautauqua and Niagara Co.) in 1812. During the War of 1812 Walden leased land to the Federal government and the Buffalo Barracks are erected. The front portion of the barracks later became what is the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural National Historic Site. They were one of the few who stayed behind during the burning of Buffalo and trying to save as many lives as possible. Walden's home was used by General Winfield Scott as their headquarters. After the war, they erected the first brick dwelling in Buffalo.
They were one of the four original trustees of the village of Buffalo and served as a member of the Buffalo Harbor Company, which improved Buffalo's harbor to attract the village as the western terminus of the Erie Canal. Walden became the first judge of Erie County Court in 1823 and held the position for five years. They were a presidential elector in 1828. In the 1830s, Walden was among the city leaders who supported the creation of a "University of Western New-York," which was chartered by the New York State Legislature in 1836. Walden donated property in support of the project, however the university would not ultimately develop; this effort did, however, lay the foundation for the 1846 establishment of the University of Buffalo (later University at Buffalo, SUNY).
On March 13, 1838, the Common Council met and made Walden its choice for mayor. During their term, the entire school system was reorganized. After their term as mayor, Walden retired to their farm in Lake View, New York. They died there on November 10, 1857, and was buried in the Myer-Walden mausoleum in Forest Lawn Cemetery.
References
1777 births
1857 deaths
Mayors of Buffalo, New York
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery (Buffalo)
1828 United States presidential electors
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Williams College alumni
Le Voyage étranger is a 1992 film by Serge Roullet featuring Karim Azkoul.
External links
1992 films
French drama films
1990s French films
Dedekılıcı is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Three Kings refers to the Biblical Magi, also known as the Three Wise Men, appearing in the Gospel of Matthew.
Three Kings may also refer to:
Film and television
The Three Kings (film), a 1929 silent British-German drama film
The Three Kings (1987 film), a made-for-television film by Mel Damski
Three Kings (1999 film), an American war film set in post–Gulf War Iraq
Les Rois mages, a 2001 French film dubbed The Three Kings in English
Los Reyes Magos (film), a 2003 animated Spanish film
Three Kings (YuYu Hakusho), the three rulers of the demon plane of Makai in the manga and anime series YuYu Hakusho
"Three Kings" (Family Guy), a 2009 episode of Family Guy
Three Kings (2011 film), a Malayalam comedy film
Three Kings (TV series), a Czech TV series about the resistance organization "Obrana národa" also known as Three Kings
Literature
3 Kings (book), a 2018 book about hip-hop by Zack O'Malley Greenburg.
Three Kings, a book of three short stories by Chinese writer Ah Cheng
The Three Kings (novel), a 2010 novel by Alisa Valdes
1 Kings, which is known as 3 Kings in some Bible versions. In those versions, 1 and 2 Kings really refer to 1 and 2 Samuel, while 3 and 4 Kings refer to the modern 1 and 2 Kings.
Fu Lu Shou, personified deities of good fortune, prosperity, and longevity in Chinese Buddhism and Taoism
Music
Three Kings of Blues: Albert King, Freddie King, and B.B. King
"3 Kings" (song), a 2005 song by Slim Thug, T.I. and Bun B
"3 Kings" (Rick Ross song), a 2012 song by Rick Ross, Jay-Z and Dr. Dre
"The Three Kings (Cornelius)", a Christmas/Epiphany song by Peter Cornelius
"The Three Kings" (Dove), a carol by Jonathan Dove
Three Kings (TGT album), 2013
We Three Kings, a Christmas carol
Three Kings (Dead Meadow album)
Places
Three Kings, New Zealand is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand
A common name for Te Tatua-a-Riukiuta, a volcano in Auckland, New Zealand
Three Kings Islands, islands located off the coast of the Northland Region, New Zealand
Three Wise Men (volcanoes), a series of three small seamounts in the Pacific Ocean
History
Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, a group of mythological rulers from ancient China during circa 2852 BC to 2070 BC.
Era of Three Kings, an era in the history of Estonia from 1561 to 1625/1629 when Estonia was divided between Sweden, Poland–Lithuania and Denmark.
Battle of the Three Kings, also known as the Battle of Alcazarquivir, a decisive 1578 Moroccan victory over Portugal
Three Kings (Czech anti-Nazi resistance) (Tři králové in Czech), Czech anti-Nazi group of World War II
Astronomy
Orion's Belt, an asterism composed of three stars of the Orion constellation
Sports
A collective nickname given to NBA basketball players LeBron James, Chris Bosh, and Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat by their play-by-play announcer Eric Reid after they were all officially introduced as teammates on July 9, 2010
See also
We Three Kings (disambiguation)
During the 1997–98 English football season, Bristol City F.C. competed in the Football League Second Division.
Season summary
In the 1997–98 season, Bristol City achieved promotion to Division One, which was confirmed on 10 April 1998 after Grimsby failed to win at Wycombe and can only manage a 1–1 draw. It was also thoroughly deserved as they were in the top two since the beginning of November and also going on a brilliant run of form midway through the season which saw them lose only one from 21 league games and winning eight consecutive games during that run.
Final league table
Results
Bristol City's score comes first
Legend
Football League Second Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad
References
Bristol City F.C. seasons
Bristol City
Robert and Bertram () is a 1939 German musical comedy film directed by Hans H. Zerlett and starring Rudi Godden, Kurt Seifert, and Carla Rust. It premiered in Hamburg on 7 July 1939. It was based on the 1856 play Robert and Bertram by Gustav Räder about two wandering vagrants which had been adapted into several film versions including a Polish film of the same title the previous year. It was set in 1839.
It was made by Tobis Film at the company's Johannisthal Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Karl Machus and Erich Zander.
It was the only anti-semitic musical comedy released during the Nazi era and the first film since Kristallnacht to focus on Jews as cultural and economic outsiders. In fact the antagonist of this film itself, the Jew Nathan Ipelmeyer is not a cultural and economic outsider, but a very wealthy "Kommerzienrat" (cf. Geheimrat).
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1939 films
Films of Nazi Germany
1930s historical comedy films
1939 musical comedy films
German historical comedy films
German musical comedy films
1930s German-language films
Films directed by Hans H. Zerlett
German films based on plays
Films set in the 19th century
Films set in the 1830s
Nazi antisemitic propaganda films
Tobis Film films
Films shot at Johannisthal Studios
German black-and-white films
1930s historical musical films
German historical musical films
1930s German films
William Henry Roberts (born 1880 in Bromley, deceased) was an English professional footballer who made two appearances in the Football League for Preston North End. They also played for Southern League clubs Tottenham Hotspur, Grays United, Brighton & Hove Albion, where they were top scorer in the 1903–04 season with nine goals in all competitions, and Queens Park Rangers. They played as an inside left.
References
1880 births
Date of birth missing
Year of death missing
Place of death missing
Footballers from Liverpool
English footballers
Association football forwards
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Southern Football League players
English Football League players
FA Cup Final players
Sagawara (foaled 28 April 2009) is a British-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. They showed promise as a juvenile in 2011 when they won a minor event on the second of their two starts. In the following spring they ran second on their seasonal debut in the Prix Vanteaux and then recorded their biggest success when they won the Prix Saint-Alary. For the rest of the year they were matched against top-class opposition but failed to win in four races and was retired from the track at the end of the year.
Background
Sagawara is a grey mare with a white star bred in England by their owner, Aga Khan IV. They were sent into training with Alain de Royer-Dupré in France.
They were from the third crop of foals sired by Shamardal whose wins included the Dewhurst Stakes, Poule d'Essai des Poulains, Prix du Jockey Club and St James's Palace Stakes. Their other offspring have included Able Friend, Mukhadram, Lope de Vega and Casamento. Sagawara's dam Sagalina, from whom they inherited their grey coat, showed no racing talent but was a daughter of the Prix de Royallieu winner Saganeca, making them a full-sister to Sagamix.
Racing career
2011: two-year-old season
Sagawara made their racecourse debut on 30 September in the Prix Esmeralda over 1600 metres at Saint-Cloud Racecourse in which they finished second of the five runners behind Beauty Parlour, a filly who went on to win the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches. In the Prix Ravinella over the same course and distance on 25 October the filly was ridden by Gregory Benoist and recorded their first success as they started the 5/2 second favourite and won by three quarters of a length from Poupee Flash.
2012: three-year-old season
On their first run as a three-year-old Sagawara was stepped up in class for the Group 3 Prix Vanteaux at Longchamp on 29 April and started the 5/2 joint-favourite. Racing on heavy ground they kept on well in the straight but was a beaten a neck into second by Trois Lunes. Four weeks later at the same track the filly started the 9/4 second favourite in an eight-runner field for the Group 1 Prix Saint-Alary over 2000 metres. The undefeated La Peinture headed the betting while the best of the others appeared to be Rjwa (third in the Prix Penelope): with no previous Group race winners, the field appeared substandard for a top level event. Ridden by Christophe Lemaire they raced in second place behind Hasna, took the lead 200 metres from the finish and held on "gamely" to win by a short neck from Rjwa.
In the Prix de Diane over 2100 metres at Chantilly Racecourse on 17 June Sagawara started a 22/1 outsider and after being among the early leaders they were outpaced in the straight and came home eighth of the twelve runners behind Valyra. The filly was then dropped back in distance and matched against older fillies in the 1600 metre Prix Rothschild at Deauville in July. Starting the 14/1 outsider of the five runners they never looked likely to win and finished fourth to Elusive Kate. They were stepped up to 2400 metres for the Prix Vermeille in September and ran sixth to Shareta after being in second place 100 metres from the finish. In October at Longchamp, Sagawara ended their racing career by finishing unplaced in the Prix de l'Opéra.
Breeding record
Sagawara was retired from racing to become a broodmare for the Aga Khan's stud. They have produced four foals:
Chosen Angel, a filly, foaled in 2012, sired by Redoute's Choice.
Sarafand, bay colt, 2014, by Redoute's Choice.
Sawakiyna, filly, 2015, by Sea the Stars. Sold as a three-year-old for €220,000.
Sanary, colt, grey 2016, Invincible Spirit. Failed to win in two races.
Pedigree
References
2009 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in France
Thoroughbred family 11-d
Clementine Swartz, née Fehrnström (15 February 1835, in Uleåborg – 7 December 1923, in Stockholm), was a Swedish stage actor. They belonged to the elite actors of the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1853-1888.
They were the daughter of the actor Robert Fehrnström and Augusta Fredrika Grönlund, and married the actor Edvard Swartz in 1854.
Clementine Swartz was engaged in the theater company of Oscar Andersson in 1850-53, at Humlegårdsteatern in Stockholm in 1853 and, after having made such a successful debut there, they were engaged at the Royal Dramatic Theatre the same year and remained there until they retired from the stage in 1888 (she was made a premier actor in 1868).
They were described as dignified, fragile and with a high degree of professionalism, and was given the best critic for roles within mild and gracious characters: "Her acting was always dominated by the dutiful care by which they solved the tasks they were given. They were less able to give expression to strong passions then to mild, gracious characters", and it was said of them that they attracted attention with "her unusually fragile features, the thin, tall figure as well as an inborn or at least early on trained ability to act with dignity and easy grace on stage".
They were given the Litteris et Artibus by King Oscar II.
References
Ingeborg Nordin Hennel: Mod och Försakelse. Livs- och yrkesbetingelser för Konglig Theaterns skådespelerskor 1813-1863. Stockholm: Gidlunds (1997) .
1835 births
1923 deaths
19th-century Swedish actores
Swedish stage actores
Litteris et Artibus recipients
Kafka's Ape is a 2015 stage adaptation by Phala O. Phala of Franz Kafka's short story "A Report to an Academy". The play with solo actor Tony Bonani Miyambo was featured at the 2015 South Africa National Arts Festival where it won the Silver Ovation Award. The play has since won more awards and critical acclaim, including the Humanities and Social Sciences 2018 Awards for Best Public Performance.
Social significance
Kafka's Ape stands out from other adaptations of "A Report to an Academy" in that Tony Miyambo it is only the second black actor to play the role of the Ape, Red Peter, a trait that on its own can conjure uncomfortable and important historical and political connotations. These connotations coupled with the current and historical context of South Africa's history of Apartheid and active xenophobia have led the significance to extend beyond Kafka's original allegories of Jewish diaspora into one about the differences between us all, the struggle to fit in, and the concept of freedom. Miyambo describes their analysis of the plays importance in an interview with POWER 98.7 by saying,"This ape speaks about xenophobia, about homophobia, how one is uncomfortable in their own skin.  They are a performing ape, but they are not performing because they want to, they speak about this as a way out. They wonder what true freedom is, we are all fighting for our freedom....There is only one other black man who has played this role, Sello Maake ka-Ncube. It is an uncomfortable thought for many people – a black man playing an ape. But this is about just that – the play is an allegorical observation of South African society through the eyes of others. Kafka's Ape presents a conflicting point of view in which traditional boundaries, categories and norms are questioned, in which beauty, harmony and symmetry are usurped by cruelty, dissonance and abnormality. It highlights the complexities of identity in post-apartheid South Africa and the human race in general."
Staging
Original design has been accredited to Liesel Retief who uses a minimalist set and prop list allowing the focus to be on the acting and aiming to leave the audience with a sense of the emptiness communicated in the play.
Tours
Since its debut in 2015, Kafka's Ape has toured across South Africa and went to Chicago in February of 2018. In 2019 it will be going on tour internationally including Europe and the States.
A reviewer for WeekendSpecial said, "This performance deserves full houses and long runs wherever it goes".
References
2015 plays
Adaptations of works by Franz Kafka
South African plays
Exponential constant may refer to:
e (mathematical constant)
The growth or decay constant in exponential growth or exponential decay, respectively.
Henry Vassall (22 October 1860 – 5 January 1926) was an English rugby union player, writer, and master of Repton School, Derbyshire. They were best known as a centre for Oxford University. Vassall played international rugby for England in the early years of the sport, winning five caps and scoring a hat-trick of tries in the first encounter between England and Wales.
While at Oxford University Vassall led the university rugby side to 70 matches without defeat during their three-year captaincy. Their belief that the forward players should work in unison with their backs was revolutionary to the game of rugby and changed the way that rugby was played at club and country level.  They are recognised as one of the most important figures in the early development of the sport.
Early life
Vassall was born in Barwick in Elmet, a township in the Tadcaster district of Yorkshire, in 1860, the son of William Vassall and their wife Martha Ann. Their father was a rector originally from Great Wigston in Leicestershire, their mother a native of Leeds, who was fifteen years their husband's junior. Just after Harry (named Henry) was born, their family, including their two older siblings William and Margaret, moved to Hardington Mandeville in Somerset where their father took up the post of rector of the parish. Henry's mother had been just nineteen when their eldest brother William was born in 1858, and Margaret and Henry had followed in successive years.
After moving to Hardington, Henry's family continued to grow at a prodigious rate and between 1861 and 1882 Henry gained a further twelve siblings, the last of which was Leonard born in 1882 when Martha was forty-two. This was the year before Henry's father's death in 1883. Henry was educated at Marlborough College before matriculating to Hertford College, Oxford in 1879.
Rugby career
Vassall had played rugby during their college days at Marlborough, a school only second to Rugby in its impact on the emergence of rugby football. They continued playing at Oxford, and they were part of the Oxford University team in the 1879 Varsity Match, gaining their first sporting 'Blue'. Vassall played in the 1880 Varsity Match and the same season was made the team's honorary secretary. As secretary they brought to the University team a level of organisation that had previously not existed. They ensured the college games were properly organised and set up trials to ensure the best players were chosen.
In the 1881 season a match was arranged between England and Wales, the very first international match for the Welsh. A space was left in the England team in the pack for an Oxford University player, which was given to Vassall. Wales were completely unprepared, and the team was constructed to appease regional sides, the result was an 8–0 defeat (82–0 by modern standards). Vassall had an excellent game, scoring a hat-trick of tries, the first individual to ever achieve this feat in an international rugby game. Their reign as the highest try scorer in a single international game was short lived, as during the same encounter George Burton surpassed them minutes later by scoring four.
Repton School
By 1925, Vassall was master of Repton School, Derbyshire.
Notes
Bibliography
External links
1860 births
1926 deaths
English rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Blackheath F.C. players
Oxford University RFC players
England international rugby union players
People educated at Marlborough College
People from Tadcaster
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
World Rugby Hall of Fame inductees
Rugby union players from Yorkshire
Tylencholaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Dorylaimida.
Genera
Genera:
Bullanema Sauer, 1968
Chitwoodielloides Ahmad & Araki, 2003
Chitwoodiellus Jimenez Guirado & Pea-Santiago, 1992
References
Nematodes
Puerto Rico Highway 186 (PR-186) is a road that travels from Canóvanas, Puerto Rico to Río Grande through the western side of El Yunque National Forest. This highway begins at PR-185 between Hato Puerco and Lomas barrios and ends at PR-3 in Guzmán Abajo.
Major intersections
See also
List of highways numbered 186
Forest highway
References
External links
186
Emmanuel Delicata is a Maltese wine producer.
History
Emmanuel Delicata is Malta's oldest family run winery producing the widest range of Malta grown wines with George Delicata leading the firm. The company was established in 1907.
Production
In the vineyard, Emmanuel Delicata developed and implemented the ‘Vines for Wines' project in 1994, in a collaborative effort with the farming community to plant more vineyards with international grape varieties. ‘Vines for Wines' still promotes sustainable practices which are environmentally sound, economically feasible and socially equitable.
References
External links
Official Homepage Delicata
Ministry of Agriculture Portal
Wineries of Malta
Maltese brands
Food and drink companies established in 1907
1907 establishments in Malta
Syen Toula is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,825.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
This is a timeline of incidents in 1972 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualties figure in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1972
1972
1972
Terr
Labour process theory (LPT) is a Marxist theory of the organization of work under capitalism. Researchers in critical management studies, organization studies, and related disciplines have used LPT to explain antagonistic relationships between employers and employees in capitalist economies, with a particular focus on problems of deskilling, worker autonomy, and managerial control at the point of production.
In Marxian economics, the "labour process" refers to the process whereby labour is materialized or objectified in use values. Labour is here an interaction between the person who works and the natural world such that elements of the latter are consciously altered in a purposive manner. Hence, the elements of labour process are three-fold: first, the work itself, a purposive productive activity; second the object(s) on which that work is performed; and third, the instruments which facilitate the process of work.
The land (economically speaking this also includes water) in its original state in which it supplies man with necessaries or means of subsistence ready to hand is available without any effort on their part as the universal material for human labour. All those things which labour merely separates from immediate connection with their environment are object of labour spontaneously provided by nature, such as fish caught and separated from their natural element, namely water, fallen timber in virgin forests and ores extracted from their veins. If on the other hand the object of labour has so to speak been filtered through previous labour, we call it raw material; for example, ore already extracted and ready for washing. All raw material is an object of labour, but not every object of labour is raw material; the object of labour counts as raw material only when it has already undergone some alteration by means of labour. According to Marx:
The labour process is purposeful activity aimed at the production of use values. The labour process is sometimes loosely termed "work organisation". That which is produced can either be useful in supporting human existence and so have a use value or it can be traded and attain an exchange value. The latter value presupposes the former. As a consequence of humans wanting to improve their material condition, a surplus is generated in the labour processes; that is, an enhancement of the value between inputs and outputs. Labour processes exist in all societies, capitalist or socialist, and it is argued that the organisation and control of a labour process is indicative of the type of society within which it exists.
The labour process theory critiques scientific management as authored by Frederick Winslow Taylor in the early 1900s and uses central concepts developed by Harry Braverman in the 1970s. Recent attempts have been made to use labor process theory to explain workers' bargaining power under contemporary global capitalism. The labour process theory has developed into a broader set of interventions and texts linked to critiquing new forms of management strategy of an exploitative nature. In Labor and Monopoly Capital: Degradation of Work in the Twentieth Century, Braverman seeks to retrieve and update Marx's critiques of the capitalist labour process through an attack upon bourgeois accounts of work in the industrial society. Although Braverman's primary focus is the degradation of work in the twentieth century, which they associate with the relentless tightening of management control, Labor and Monopoly Capital also contains at least two other loosely related elements: an outline of developments in the wider organization of monopoly capitalist societies, and an examination of changes in their occupational and class structures.
The labour process theory looks at how people work, who controls their work, what skills they use in work and how they are paid for work. Braverman posits a very broad thesis, namely that under capitalism management steals workers skills, reduces the pleasurable nature of work and the power workers have through controlling skill while cutting their wages by reducing their wages to those of unskilled workers and increasing the amount of exertion required from workers. Braverman primarily pays attention to the class-in-itself or the working class as the subject of management and capitalist brutality, acknowledging their inability to attend to working class self-emancipation in this context. Following in Braverman's footsteps, others have criticised their deskilling thesis as not universal and have attended to working class resistance to the imposition of Fordism. A key element of the labour process theory is an analysis of the local systems of management and control and an examination of how these are used to reduce the power of sections of the working class who hold work skills that are not reproducible by unskilled labour or machine power.
References
Marxian economics
Thomas Charles Byde Rooke (18 May 1806 – 28 November 1858) was an English physician who married into the royal family of the Kingdom of Hawaii. They built a mansion called the Rooke House in Honolulu that became popular with political and social leaders of the Kingdom.
Life
They were born on 18 May 1806 in Bengeo, Hertfordshire, England. Their father was Thomas Rooke (1769–1814) and mother was Sarah Paillet Draper (died 1815).
They trained at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London and arrived in Honolulu about 1829 on an English whaling ship. In 1830 they married Grace Kamaikui Young (1808–1866). In 1844 they met Abraham Fornander who worked for them surveying and supervising a coffee plantation.
Rooke House
Rooke built a house some time in the 1830s.
The house faced the Nuuanu Valley and with each of its two floors measuring approximately fifty by fifty feet (floor area of or 460 square meters) was one of the largest private homes in Honolulu at the time. It was used for medical practice, a large library, and for entertaining guests. It included a coach house and living quarters for kahu ("servants"). A wide veranda swept the front of the house, and four pillars supported the roof. The ground floor was Rooke's clinic and dispensary. The family lived upstairs, in a style redolent of a British manor house, with red Kashmir carpets, mahogany and dark oak furniture, and framed oil paintings. It was on the ma kai-Waikiki (southwest) corner of Beretania and Nuuanu Avenue and bordered by Fort Street and Chaplain Lane, . The one-and-a-half-acre parcel, called Kaopuana ("Raincloud"), was probably the gift of Kamehameha III.
On 16 December 1835, Grace's father John Young died, mostly likely in Rooke House, with the Young and Isaac Davis family present. Dr. Rooke had been caring for the nonagenarian British sailor during their illness. Three weeks after the Young's death, a girl Emma was born, the granddaughter of Young, daughter of Fanny Young and the hānai (adoptive) daughter of the Rookes.
Much later, the house witnessed the death of two others of the Young family: James Kānehoa, Grace Rooke's half-brother, and Kaōanaeha, their mother.
Popularly known as "Rooke House", the residence was known throughout Honolulu for its hospitality. Grace Rooke, steeped in their mother's alii tradition of hookipa (hospitality), was a gracious hostess. Dr. Rooke, always elegantly attired, complemented their naturally shy wife with their open, gregarious, and forthright manner. Rooke House, for most of Emma's childhood, was a place of elaborate dinners, parties, teas and receptions. Visiting families included those of Abner Paki, John Owen Dominis, Captain John Paty and Skinner, and the King. This affirmed their high status in business and political circles.
Isabella Bird, who visited Queen Emma in 1873, described as Rooke House as "the most English-looking house I have seen since I left home, except Bishopscourt at Melbourne." During the Royal Election of 1874 between Emma and David Kalakaua over who would succeed William Charles Lunalilo, Rooke House served as a gathering place for the supporters of Queen Emma, called Emmaites or Queenites. The residence was the scene of mass gatherings of Hawaiians and some British with chants celebrating Emma's rightful claim to the throne.
During the 1900s it was a kindergarten named Queen Emma Hall in honor of the last owner of the house. Later the site of Rooke House was occupied by the Liberty Theater (which closed in 1980) and now it's a parking lot.
Later life
Rooke served as a representative to the legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom from 1851–1855, and in 1858 was appointed to the Privy Council.
They were a founding member of the first Hawaii Medical Association, along with Charles Guillou, William Hillebrand and Gerrit P. Judd in 1856.
In 1856 their adoptive daughter became Queen Consort Emma when they married King Kamehameha IV.
They brought two influences from their native land: Anglicanism and Freemasonry. They attended their adopted son-in-law Kamehameha IV's Freemason initiation ceremony in January 1857.
Rooke died of apoplexy on 28 November 1858, at Kailua-Kona. They were buried in the cemetery on the Iolani Palace grounds and later their remains were transferred to the at the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii. They were one of the only four Europeans allowed to be buried at the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii.
If Rooke had lived a few months longer, they would have seen the establishment of The Queen's Medical Center, established through funds raised by Emma and Kamehameha IV. Their medical instruments were donated to the hospital.
They owned some land in a part of Nuuanu valley called Waolani that came to ne known as "Rooke's Valley". Queen Emma's uncle Keoni Ana, the premier, built a summer home in Nu`uanu called Hānaiakamālama and bequeathed it to Emma. Used as a summer retreat by Kamehameha IV and Queen Emma, it is now a museum.
A street was named Rooke Avenue for Dr. Rooke in that area at .
Another part of the land became the Oahu Country Club golf course.
They also owned some land on Kauai island.
Family tree
References
19th-century English medical doctors
1806 births
1858 deaths
Royalty of the Hawaiian Kingdom
Burials at the Royal Mausoleum (Mauna ʻAla)
Hawaiian Kingdom politicians
Members of the Hawaiian Kingdom House of Representatives
Members of the Hawaiian Kingdom Privy Council
Hawaiian Kingdom Anglicans
Physicians from Hawaii
The 1943 Wayne Tartars football team represented Wayne University (later renamed Wayne State University) as an independent during the 1943 college football season. The team compiled a 0–3 record and was outscored by opponents, 64 to 0.
Joe Gembis was in their 12th year as head coach. Frank Bielman, Jr., was the team captain.
As the fall semester began, there was uncertainty as to whether Wayne would be able to field a football team. Many schools had cancelled the football season due to the loss of students to wartime military service. Because Wayne had no Navy or Marine program, and the prior year's players were in the military, the team would have to be formed from incoming freshmen. Coach Gembis noted at the time: "We want to have a football team, even if we play only two games."
In late September 1943, a team was formed with 35 players. Coach Gembis arranged for a home and home series with Michigan State Normal and wrote to the commissioner of the Ohio Athletic Conference in search of other opponents.
A fourth game was arranged with Otterbein College, but it was cancelled when Otterbein was unable to field a team.
At the end of the season, 16 players received varsity letters, and Marshall Chrisjohn was selected as the team's most valuable player. The players receiving varsity letters were: Wallace Bagozzi, Frank Bielman, Francis Blake, Marshall Chrisjohn, Thomas Connor, Fred Cuthrell, Allan Dow, Andrew Edgerton, James Fears, Masis Godoshian, James Hannan, Richard Hartley, Allen Henderson, John Hochstein, Don Olson, and Tony Yangovyian.
Schedule
References
Wayne
Wayne State Warriors football seasons
College football winless seasons
Wayne Tartars football
TPC Boston is a private golf club in the northeastern United States, located in Norton, Massachusetts, approximately south of Boston.
History
Originally designed by Arnold Palmer and built in 2002, the course was re-designed in 2007 by Gil Hanse and PGA Tour player Brad Faxon. The course is a member of the Tournament Players Club network operated by the PGA Tour. Prior to 2019, the course was the venue for the Dell Technologies Championship, which was previously known as the Deutsche Bank Championship In 2019, with significant changes to the PGA Tour's schedule change and playoff format, the Dell Technologies Championship was eliminated from the PGA Tour schedule in an effort to end the FedEx Cup playoffs prior to the start of football season. As part of the new schedule, TPC Boston became part of a rotating venue for The Northern Trust, alternating years with a venue in the New York City area. The tournament is held at TPC Boston in even-numbered years starting in 2020.
Scorecard
References
External links
Dell Technologies Championship - course information
Golf clubs and courses in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Norton, Massachusetts
Sports in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Captain Turner may refer to:
Characters
Naomi Turner's father in Elena of Avalor
Will Turner in Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)
People
Glenn Turner (cricketer) (born 1947), captain of New Zealand cricket team
Harry Turner (American football) (died 1914), captain of American football team
Isaac Turner
Norman Turner
William Thomas Turner (1856–1933), captain of RMS Lusitania
František Ženíšek (25 May 1849 – 15 November 1916) was a Czech painter. They were part of the "" (Generation of the National Theater), a large group of artists with nationalistic sympathies.
Biography
They were born in Prague into a family of merchants and displayed an affinity for art at an early age. Reluctantly their father agreed to let them pursue their interests and allowed them to take lessons from Karel Javůrek while they were still in school. From 1863 to 1865, they were at the Academy of Fine Arts, studying with Eduard von Engerth. After a brief stay in Vienna, assisting Engerth with work at the State Opera, they were back at the Academy in Prague, working with Jan Swerts and the history painter Josef Matyáš Trenkwald.
In 1875, they received their first major commission; painting murals at the city hall in Courtrai, Belgium. Then, in 1878, while making a study trip to Paris, they gained an important friend and supporter in Josef Šebestián Daubek, a well-known patron of the arts, who engaged them to decorate their home in Liteň. Ženíšek later accompanied Daubek on their honeymoon to Holland, and painted a portrait of the new couple.
Soon after returning from Paris, they and Mikoláš Aleš won a competition to decorate the foyer of the National Theater with historic and allegorical designs. Ženíšek went on to decorate the auditorium ceiling and design a curtain, although the curtain was destroyed by a fire in 1881. They also painted windows at the church in Karlín and lunettes at the National Museum as well as over 80 portraits.
From 1885 to 1896, they were a Professor at the Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design, where their assistant was Jakub Schikaneder. Then, from 1896 to 1915, they were a Professor at the Academy of Fine Arts, where their students included Jaroslav Špillar and Jan Preisler. In 1898, they were one of the founders of "" (Union of Fine Artists), in an effort to strengthen the Czech nationalist viewpoint in the arts. Ženíšek died on 15 November 1916, in Prague.
Their son, František (1877–1935) was also a painter of some note.
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
František Xaver Jiřík, František Ženíšek, Jednota Umělců Výtvarných, 1906
Prokop Toman, Profesor František Ženíšek (exhibition catalog), Jednota umělců výtvarných, 1938
Naděžda Blažíčková-Horová, František Ženíšek (1849 - 1916), Národní galerie, 2005 ,
External links
Oldřich and Božena a video from Česká televize
Tony Ozuna, "Visual historian of a nation" from the Prague Post, 2006
1849 births
1916 deaths
Artists from Prague
History painters
Czech nationalism
19th-century Czech painters
Czech male painters
20th-century Czech painters
Burials at Olšany Cemetery
19th-century Czech male artists
20th-century Czech male artists
Magda Julin (née Mauroy, 24 July 1894 – 21 December 1990) was a Swedish figure skater who competed in ladies' singles. They were the 1920 Olympic champion, a two-time Nordic champion, and a three-time Swedish national champion. They were four months pregnant at the 1920 Olympics.
Life and career
Julin was a daughter of the French music producer Edouard Mauroy. The family moved to Sweden when they were 7 years old. They worked as a waiter and later ran a café and then a restaurant until 1971. They were married to the sea captain F. E. Julin, who was 15 years older. They had two sons and spent their last years in a nursing home in Stockholm. At the age of 90, they continued to skate at the public open air ice rink in Kungsträdgården in central Stockholm. They participated in the inauguration of an ice rink in Östersund in autumn 1990.
Results
References
Further reading
External links
People from Vichy
1894 births
1990 deaths
Swedish female single skaters
Figure skaters at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Olympic figure skaters of Sweden
Olympic medalists in figure skating
French emigrants to Sweden
Medalists at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Allier
Juergen Steinmetz is the bass player for Rock Ignition, Silent Force, Sons of Seasons, Lima and ex-member of Headstone Epitaph.
Biography
Juergen Steinmetz founded their first band Headstone Epitaph in 1987. They recorded their first longplayer "Without The Slightest Qualm" in 1996, signed a record deal with Noise Records and released the following albums Wings of Eternity (1998) and Powergames (1999).
For lack of activity of the band they decided to join Silent Force in the year 2000. With them they released three albums, Infatuator (Massacre Records), Worlds Apart and Walk the Earth (Noise Records), touring all over Europe, America and Japan. In 2013, it was announced a new line-up for the band with Mat Sinner replacing Jurgen as their bass player.
In 2006 they founded with singer Heather Shockley the hard rock band Rock Ignition and released through Rockinc. Netherlands the EP "I Can't Resist" which received excellent reviews from magazines and radios all over the globe. In 2013 RI released their second EP "Innocent Thing" through the record label Sound Guerrilla/DA Music. The EP was produced by Jürgen Steinmetz and mixed again by Dennis Ward, and it includes a videoclip of the single "Tell Me". Rock Ignition has toured Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Italy, Spain sharing the stage with legendary bands like Uriah Heep, Axxis, Kamelot, Jon Oliva and many more.
Jürgen joined in 2008 the dark symphonic metal band Sons of Seasons, with members from Doro, Metalium and Kamelot. Sons of Seasons has released through Napalm Records the albums Gods of Vermin and Magnisphyricon and they have toured successfully all over Europe.
Gear
Juergen Steinmetz uses Sandberg bass guitars (California PM 5-string
with maple fretboard), Ampeg amplifiers and Elixir Strings.
References
External links
Jürgen Steinmetz Official Website
Jürgen Steinmetz on MySpace
Rock Ignition official homepage
Sons of Seasons official homepage
Jürgen Steinmetz on Encyclopedia Metallum
Headstone Epitaph on Wikipedia
Rock Ignition on DA Music
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
German heavy metal bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Silent Force members
German male guitarists
Nionsomoridougou is a town in the Nzérékoré Region of Guinea.
Populated places in the Nzérékoré Region
Bhindawas Wildlife Sanctuary Ramsar Site is located in Jhajjar district, which is about 15 km from Jhajjar in Haryana. On 3 June 2009, it is also declared as bird sanctuary by Indian Government.
This is an important part of ecological corridor along the route of Sahibi River which traverses from Aravalli hills in Rajasthan to Yamuna via Masani barrage, Matanhail forest, Chhuchhakwas-Godhari, Khaparwas Wildlife Sanctuary, Bhindawas Wildlife Sanctuary, Outfall Drain Number 6 (canalised portion in Haryana of Sahibii river), Outfall Drain Number 8 (canalised portion in Haryana of Dohan river which is a tributary of Sahibi river), Sarbashirpur, Sultanpur National Park, Basai Wetland and The Lost Lake of Gurugram. It lies 5km northwest of Bhindawas Bird Sancturay and 46 km northwest of Sultanpur National Park via road.
Location
This 411.55 hectares sanctuary is located 15 km from Jhajjar on the Jhajjar-Kasani road and 105 km from Delhi. Bhindawas Wildlife Sanctuary is only 1.5 km from Khaparwas Wildlife Sanctuary and it is located here map. Niwada, Bhindawas, Chandol, Chadhwana, Bilochpura, Reduwas and Kasni are the adjacent village.
History
Forests Department, Haryana of Government of Haryana officially notified this 411.55 hectares area as Wildlife Sanctuary on 5 July 1985.
Bhindawas lake
Rain water, JLN Feeder canal and its escape channel are main source of water in the bird sanctuary.
Nearby Attraction
Khaparwas Wildlife Sanctuary - 1.5 km from Bhindawas Wildlife Sanctuary.
See also
List of National Parks & Wildlife Sanctuaries of Haryana, India
Haryana Tourism
List of Monuments of National Importance in Haryana
List of State Protected Monuments in Haryana
List of Indus Valley Civilization sites in Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan, Gujarat, India & Pakistan
Sultanpur National Park
Okhla Sanctuary, bordering Delhi in adjoining Uttar Pradesh
Nearby Najafgarh drain bird sanctuary, Delhi
Nearby Najafgarh lake or Najafgarh jheel (Now completely drained by Najafgarh drain)
National Zoological Park Delhi
Asola Bhatti Wildlife Sanctuary, Delhi
Bhalswa horseshoe lake, Delhi
Black francolin, Haryana State Bird (राज्य पक्षी हरियाणा-काला तीतर)
References
Villages in Jhajjar district
Lakes of Haryana
Wildlife sanctuaries in Haryana
Protected areas of Haryana
National parks in Haryana
Wetlands of India
Bird sanctuaries of India
2009 establishments in Haryana
Protected areas established in 2009
Ramsar sites in India
Thermoniphas distincta is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, western Tanzania, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Lualaba and Shaba) and northern Zambia. The habitat consists of stream banks.
References
Butterflies described in 1935
Thermoniphas
Dağevi is a village in the central district of Ardahan province.
History
The old name of the village is Tebat in the records of 1889 and the word "tbeti" in Georgian means a kind of "lake". The name of the village in 1928 is Dibat.
Geography
The village is 25 km from Ardahan city center. Cities, towns and places near Dağevi include Dibat, Ardıçdere, Yukaritoreshov and Yukari Toreshav. The closest major cities include Erzurum, Yerevan, Tbilisi and Trabzon.
Population
Villages in Ardahan District
Photoacoustic flow cytometry or PAFC is a biomedical imaging modality that utilizes photoacoustic imaging to perform flow cytometry. A flow of cells passes a photoacoustic system producing individual signal response. Each signal is counted to produce a quantitative evaluation of the input sample.
Description
Traditional flow cytometry uses cells in a laminar single file stream which then passes through a light source. Using various quantification of light scattering from the cells enables the system to quantify cellular size and complexity which can ultimately be returned in a quantification of cell composition within a sample. Photoacoustic flow cytometry operates on similar principles, but utilizes a photoacoustic signal to differentiate cellular patterns. Furthermore, flow cytometry provides great ex-vivo analysis, but due to its pure optical source its penetration depth is limited making in-vivo analysis limited. Alternatively, photoacoustics may provide an advantage over flow cytometry as it receives an acoustic signal rather than an optical one and can penetrate to greater depths as discussed further in operating principles and mathematics.
The photoacoustic (PA) affect was discovered by Alexander Bell in 1880, occurs when a photon source is absorbed by an optically receptive substance producing an ultrasonic wave. The strength of the ultrasonic wave produced is a function of intensity of photon absorbed, and the innate properties of the substance illuminated. Each substance of interest absorbs photons at a specific wavelength, as a result only certain substances will innately produce a PA signal at a given wavelength. For example, hemoglobin and melanin are two common biological substances that produce strong PA signals in response to laser pulses around the 680 nm wavelength range. The absorption spectrum for the PA lies within the visible electromagnetic spectrum, making PA imaging non-radiative in nature. The specific absorption spectrum can both be a limitation and an exploitation of PA imaging (see more in applications).
Systems commonly use an Nd:YAG (neodymium-doped yttrium aluminum garnet) or LED laser system that is pulsed to penetrate the biological tissue of interest. With each pulse that comes in contact with tissue, a PA signal in the form of an ultrasound wave is produced. This ultrasound wave propagates through the tissue until it reaches an ultrasound transducer to produce an a-line. The maximum amplitude of each a-line is extracted and its value is plotted on a time vs amplitude graph producing a cytometry graphic .
Operating principles and mathematics
Heat production
Photoacoustic flow cytometry operates on the principle of the photoacoustic effect, whereby a laser in the visible spectrum produces a temperature rise and thus a thermal expansion. The thermal expansion equation with relation to laser intensity for a pulsating laser is described below.
Where is the absorption coefficient of the focused equation, is the intensity of the laser, ⍵ is the frequency of the laser pulse, t is time. is described as the exponential expression of a sinusoidal function determined by Euler's formula. It is important to note that the penetration depth of the laser is limited by the diffusive regime, which is dependent on the attenuation through the tissue prior to biological target to be irradiated.
Photoacoustic wave relationship
Below then establishes the heat-pressure relationship for a photoacoustic signal.
Where ∇ is the partial differential equation set with spatial relationship, is the speed of sound in the substance of interest, t is time, is pressure as a function of both time and space, β is the thermal expansion coefficient, is the specific heat capacity, and is the partial differential of the heat equation described above.
The left side of the equation describes the pressure wave equation which is derived for modeling of an ultrasonic pressure wave equation. The right side of the equation determines the relationship of heat production to thermal expansion resulting in a pressure wave.
Pressure wave solution
While reality produces a three dimensional wave that propagates through the tissue, for the purposes of PAFC, the information needed only pertains to a one dimensional analysis. Below demonstrates the one dimensional solution due to a pulsed laser.
Where is the absorption coefficient, is the thermal expansion coefficient, is the specific heat, F is the fluence of the laser, is the speed of sound in a given material and is the total energy derived from the laser pulse.
It is important to note that for long durations of laser exposure, the wave equation becomes largely a function of laser intensity. For the purposes of analyzing PA signal, the laser pulse must be short in time to produce a signal that its value varies on the properties of the irradiated substance to differentiate the targets of interest. The differences in the pressure wave produced is the basis for signal separation in PAFC.
Signal detection
The pressure wave created is in the form of an ultrasound wave. The wave propagates through the material and is detected by an ultrasound transducer. The pressure is sensed via piezoelectric crystals which converts the pressure into a voltage change, i.e. , the amplitude of the signal is proportional to the value of the pressure at any given time. This voltage is plotted as a function of time and results in the formation of an a-line previously described.
The temporal data is important for other types of photoacoustic imaging, but for the purposes of PAFC, the maximum amplitude within an a-line is extracted as the data point. For each laser pulse this maximum amplitude value is plotted vs time producing a flow cytometry signal tracing. Each line represents a laser pulse and its amplitude reflects the target irradiated. By selecting an amplitude range that is representative of a particular cell type, the signals can be counted and thus quantify cell types within a given sample. Figure 1 shows an animation of cells flowing and its representative PAFC signal tracing.
Applications
Bacteria
Over two million bacterial infections occur annually in the United States. With antibiotic resistance increasing treatment of these infections is becoming increasingly difficult making correct antibiotic selection evermore important. Optimal antibiotic selection hangs on the ability to determine the offending bacteria. Traditionally, bacterial speciation is determined by culturing and PCR technologies. These technologies take at least 48 hours and sometimes more. Due to the prolonged timeframe for speciation, providers must select broad-spectrum antibiotics. PAFC can be used to detect bacteria in the blood for more timely antibiotic selection.
The first step in detection with PAFC is marking the bacteria so they have a PA signal to detect. Typically, this is composed of a dye of and a method to attach the dye to the bacteria of interest. Although antibodies have been used in the past, bacteriophages have proven to be cheaper and more stable to produce. Multiple studies have shown the specificity of bacteriophage selection for a bacterium of interest, particularly MRSA, E. Coli, and Salmonella. Dyes vary, but most commonly utilized are gold nanoparticles, Indocyanine green (ICG), and red dye 81. The dyes produce an enhanced signal to enable more sensitive detection. The detection limits found in one study showed approximately 1 bacterial cell per 0.6 µm3. Specific dyes have been tested on animals for toxicity and have not resulted in any clear damage. Although human studies for the detection of bacteria in the blood have yet to be attempted, PAFC may play a role in future applications of bacterial detection.
Malaria
Malaria causes the deaths of 0.4 million people yearly worldwide. With current medications, early detection is key to preventing these deaths. Current methods include microscopic detection on blood film, serology, or PCR. Lab technicians may lack the experience or the technologies may be too expensive for certain facilities, inevitably missing the diagnosis. Furthermore current methods generally cannot detect malaria at parasites < 50 per microliter and needs 3–4 days post infection before detection can occur. Thus, there is a need for a more automated and sensitive detection method to improve patient outcomes.
PAFC has proven detection limits at much lower than current methods. One study demonstrated a sensitivity of one parasite in 0.16 mL of circulating blood and thus can be detected on day 1–2 post inoculation. Furthermore, studies have demonstrated the feasibility of in vivo detection removing the possibility of missed diagnosis from damaged cells from blood extraction and in-vitro analysis. PAFC detects malaria via the surrogate marker hemozoin, a breakdown product produced by malaria in the merozoite stage. Hemozoin is a great photoacoustic target and responds strongly at wavelengths 671 nm and 820 nm range. Although background signals are produced by hemoglobin within RBCs, infected RBCs (iRBCs) with hemozoin produce a strong signal above hemoglobin at these wavelengths. In vitro methods utilize 50 micrometer capillary tubes with flow of 1 cm/s (in vitro) for detection. Conversely, Menyaev et al. demonstrated the detection of malaria in vivo. Detection was performed on superficial and deep vessels of mice. The superficial vessels provide a higher signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), but are less comparable to that of human vessels. Mice jugular veins and carotid arteries are similar in size to small human vessels which demonstrated higher artifacts due to blood pulsation and respiratory variation, but could be accounted for.
Although PAFC provides a more sensitive detection limit, this method does come with some limitations. As mentioned previously the detection of hemozoin only occurs when the parasites are in the merozoite stage. This limits the detection time frame of the parasites vs detection in the trophozoite stage, but still provides earlier detection than current methods. Second, the vessel sizes tested thus far have only been in mice. Artifacts from deeper vessel analysis in humans may decrease the sensitivity of PAFC making the detection limit less useful than currently suggested. Although challenges still exist, PAFC may play a role in improving diagnosis of Malaria in humans.
Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCs)
Circulating tumor cells or CTCs are tumor cells that have broken off from their primary tumor and travel in the blood. These CTCs then seed distant sites resulting in metastases. Metastases cause 90% of cancer-related deaths and as such, detection of CTCs is critical to the prevention of mets. Studies have shown earlier detection of CTCs improves treatment and thus longer survival times. (15) Current detection methods include RT-PCR, flow cytometry, optical sensing, cell size filtration among others. These methods are limited due to the sampling size from extracted blood (~5–10 mL) which results in a CTC detection limit of ~ 10 CTC/mL. These methods take hours to days to get results which can result in delayed initiation of treatment.
PAFC may play a role in the future detection of CTCs. In order to prevent the limitation of small volume sampling through the extraction of blood from the patient, PAFC utilizes an in vivo method to monitor a larger volume of blood (i.e. the entire volume). The study demonstrated monitoring a mouse aorta, they were able to visualize the entire mouse blood volume within 1 minute of detection.
CTCs such as melanomas contain an intrinsic chromophore and do not require labeling for detection above the background of hemoglobin. Other tumor cells (such as cancerous squamous cells) can be tagged with nanoparticles to produce a larger PA signal over RBCs for their detection. These methods resulted in an improved detection limit of CTCs. De la Zerda et al. detected CTCs after only 4 days with inoculation of the cancer cells. Their detection limit was determined to be 1 CTC/mL, a 10-fold improvement in sensitivity. Furthermore, the nano-particle labeling was found to be non-toxic and only took 10 minutes to optimally tag the CTCs.
This CTC detection can be used for metastatic screening, but also has therapeutic implications. During tumor resection or manipulation it has been determined that these manipulations release CTCs. PAFC can be used as a way to monitor for the release of these CTCs which then may require treatment in a systematic manner. Due to the non-linear thermoelastic effect from the laser on CTCs/Nanoparticles a higher laser fluence can cause the CTC to rupture without damaging the local RBCs. With reduction of CTCs, this could improve treatment with systemic methods or completely remove the need altogether.
Although there is a large potential for application, there are still areas for improvement. First, PAFC is depth limited and has only been tested in superficial skin of humans which may pose a difficulty for more centrally located tumors such as lung or bowel. Second, although initial mouse models have shown efficacy with nanoparticle labeling, specific cancer type labeling and dye side-effects need to be more deeply studied to assure safety of this imaging modality.
References
Biomedical engineering
