Coccothrinax nipensis is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba. It was described by Attila Borhidi and O.Muñiz in the year 1981.
References
nipensis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
Uzbekistan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
| width="78%" align="left" valign="top" |
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games:
Athletics (track and field)
Men
Track events
Field events
Women
Field events
Judo
With one pathway for qualification being having a top finish at the 2014 IBSA Judo World Championships, Uzbekistan earned a qualifying spot in Rio base on the performance of Adiljan Tulendibaev in the men's +100 kg event. The B2 Judoka finished first in their class.
Men
Women
Powerlifting
Shooting
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek, Croatia, where Rio direct qualification was available. They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Server Ibragimov in the P4 – 50m Pistol Mixed SH1 event.
Swimming
7 Swimmers in 26 events:
See also
Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Uzbekistan at the Paralympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Uzbekistani sport
Sundiver is a 1980 science fiction novel by American writer David Brin. It is the first book of their Uplift trilogy, followed by Startide Rising in 1983.
Plot summary
The novel begins with the main character, Jacob Demwa, working at the center for uplift on Earth, while they recover from a tragedy at the Vanilla Space Needle where they saved the space elevator from destruction but lost their love in the process. An alien friend of Demwa's, Fagin (a Kanten), contacts Demwa and offers them a job. Initially reluctant to return to their previous life as a scientific investigator, Demwa agrees to attend a secret meeting. They learn that there are "ghosts" appearing in the Sun's chromosphere. The ghosts are without precedent in the galactic library.
Demwa agrees to come and investigate the origin and purpose of the sun-ghosts, and travels to Mercury where the sundiver project is based. With them on Mercury are Helene deSilva, an attractive station commander with whom Jacob develops a relationship over the course of the book; Fagin; Pila Bubbacub, the library representative; their assistant Culla (a Pring); Dr. Dwayne Kepler (the head of the Sundiver expedition); Dr. Mildred Martine (a psychiatrist); and the exuberant journalist Peter LaRoque.
Demwa goes to the sun, and observes the sun-ghosts. There are apparently three forms: the "toroids" which appear to be similar to cattle and live off of the magnetic fields in the chromosphere, a relatively fluid, apparently intelligent variety, and a threatening, strangely anthropomorphic figure that avoids the side of the sunship where the instruments are located. When a neo-chimpanzee scientist, Dr. Jeffrey, is killed on a solo mission to the sun, it seems to confirm the sun-ghosts' hostile intent. An investigation seems to implicate the reporter, LaRoque. LaRoque is then tested to determine if they are capable of murder. The test results indicate LaRoque has violent tendencies and they are incarcerated.
A third trip to the sun is undertaken, in hopes that Pila Bubbacub will be able to contact the sun-ghosts. It fails to do so, but claims to have succeeded, saying that the sun-ghosts are offended and have used psi to control LaRoque's actions. They use a powder that blocks the ship's sensors to pretend they have dispelled the sun-ghosts because they are embarrassed by the Library's lack of data on the ghosts. Back on Mercury, Jacob discovers their trick, and reveals it, resulting in disgrace to Bubbacub and embarrassment for the Pila.
The characters go on yet another mission into the sun, this time with a laser to communicate with the sun-ghosts. They make brief contact with one of the ghosts, but an anthropomorphic ghost appears and warns them against further exploration of the sun. While they are leaving, they discover that one of Culla's dietary supplements is a dye used in tunable lasers. Combining this with an earlier conversation about Culla's eyesight, Demwa concludes that Culla can project laser light from their eyes: they have been faking the anthropomorphic ghosts. When Culla realizes they have been discovered they retreat to the instrument side of the ship and begins disabling the equipment that propels the sunship so that it will fall into the photosphere, taking all evidence of their deception with it. The sun-ghosts use toroids to arrest the ship's fall, but eventually they give out, and the ship plummets. While Demwa and one of the crew attempt to disable Culla, Helene discovers that only the galactic technology has been sabotaged, and uses the refrigerator laser as a thruster to move the ship out of the sun. Culla is killed, and the ship eventually escapes the sun, though all but Fagin temporarily "die" of hypothermia and frostbite from the refrigerator laser. The ship's records are recovered, showing that Culla used their laser sight to discredit Bubbacub, as part of a campaign to free their species from its client status, and then to sabotage the ship when they were discovered to prevent the Pila from finding out.
Although set in the same universe as the rest of the other Uplift books, it is set a considerable amount of time before the other books, and shares none of the same characters, apart from Jacob Demwa, who is mentioned as the mentor of Tom Orley and Gillian Baskin, and Helene Alvarez (née deSilva), who is mentioned in Startide Rising as Credeiki's former captain aboard the James Cook and who appears in The Uplift War to sign a treaty with the Thennanin.
Continuity
The technique used to escape the sun alive when the Galactics' technology is sabotaged, using a refrigeration laser to dump the solar heat from the ship, is used again in Heaven's Reach.
Reception
Greg Costikyan reviewed Sundiver in Ares Magazine #3 and commented that "Sundiver is thought-provoking, tightly-plotted, and readable. Though Brin's human characters are rather two-dimensional and the story depends less on their interaction and development than on the setting and science, they are somewhat more competent in this area than [author James P. Hogan on Thrice Upon a Time]. All told, it is a remarkable first effort."
Dave Langford reviewed Sundiver for White Dwarf #68, and stated that "Certain characters' weird actions are performed solely to help Brin's plot: but this is a first novel. Their second won the Hugo."
Awards and nominations
Sundiver was a nominee for the 1981 Locus Award in the First Novel category.
Publication history
1980, United States, Bantam Book , Pub date 1980, Paperback
1985, United States, Spectra , Pub date 1 January 1985, Paperback
2001, United States, Recorded Books , Pub Date 2001, Cassette
Translations
Chinese: 太阳潜入者, 2011
Bulgarian: Потапяне в Слънцето, 2001
French: Jusqu'au coeur du soleil ("To the heart of the sun"), 1980
German: Sonnentaucher ("Sun diver"), 2001
Italian: Spedizione Sundiver ("Sundiver expedition"), 1980
Polish: Słoneczny nurek ("Sun diver"), 1995
Romanian: ("The Sun's Explorers"), 2013
Russian: ("The Jump into the Sun"), 1995, 2002
Spanish: Navegante solar ("Solar navigator"), 1993, 1994
Notes
1980 American novels
1980 science fiction novels
American science fiction novels
Novels by David Brin
Debut science fiction novels
Novels set on Mercury (planet)
Novels set in the 23rd century
1980 debut novels
Bantam Books books
Mutanj is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 104 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Brice Michael Bosnich (3 June 1936 – 13 April 2015) was an Australian inorganic chemist. They gained recognition for the design of complex ligands useful in homogeneous catalysis.
Education
They graduated from University of Sydney with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1958, and from Australian National University with a PhD in 1962, where they studied with Francis Patrick Dwyer. Contemporaries included Alan Sargeson.
Career and research
After leaving ANU, they taught at University College London. They then moved to the University of Toronto, where they remained from 1970 to 1987. Thereafter they became Gustavus F. and Ann M. Swift Distinguished Service Professor at University of Chicago. After their retirement they became a visiting fellow at their alma mater, Australian National University.
As an independent scientist at the University of Toronto, they developed a rational approach to chiral diphosphine ligands, the premier member being chiraphos. Unlike previous chiral ligands, the chirality of chiraphos arose from the backbone of the chelate. This concept underpins many of the C2-symmetrical ligands subsequently developed in asymmetric hydrogenation. Other areas of research included hydroacylation catalysis and the development of ligands that mimic the spectroscopic properties of the blue copper proteins.
After their retirement, Bosnich questioned the Royal Society's position on climate change, which is the scientific consensus on the subject.
Awards and honours
Bosnich was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2000. Their biography reads:
References
1936 births
2015 deaths
Australian chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
University of Sydney alumni
Australian National University alumni
Academics of University College London
University of Chicago faculty
Ryan Anthony Guzman (born September 21, 1987) is an American actor and former model, known for their lead roles as Sean Asa in Step Up Revolution and Step Up: All In, part of the Step Up film series, as Noah Sandborn in the erotic psychological thriller The Boy Next Door and as Edmundo "Eddie" Diaz in the Fox procedural drama 9-1-1.
Early life
Guzman was born in Abilene, Texas to Ramón Guzmán Jr., an immigrant from Mexico and Lisa Anne (), a Californian with English, German, French, Dutch and Swedish ancestry, and has a younger brother, Steven. Their family later moved to their mother's hometown of Sacramento, California, where they graduated from West Campus High School in 2005 and attended Sierra College. Guzman started Taekwondo at the age of seven and continued on to earn their Black Belt at the age of ten. They also played baseball in high school and college but was forced to give it up due to a shoulder injury and an unsuccessful surgery.
Career
Before going into acting, Guzman was a mixed martial arts fighter, until their fighting license expired in 2010, plus a print and commercial model with Wilhelmina Models and Look Model Agency from the age of 18, when they moved to San Francisco. They modelled for Abercrombie & Fitch and Reebok, as well as starred in television commercials for Old Navy, Gillette, among others. Guzman began auditioning for acting roles and landed the lead role as Sean Asa in the fourth movie in the Step Up film series, Step Up Revolution in 2012, despite having no formal training in dancing, "my first dance lesson was ‘Step Up Revolution'." They added, it was "by luck. I think everybody was drunk when they saw me audition. No, it was a long process: four acting and six dancing auditions. The director, Scott Speer, said there was some kind of magic between me and Kathryn (McCormick) they wanted to have in the movie." They reprised the lead role as Sean Asa in 2014, in the sequel, the fifth and final instalment of the film series, Step Up: All In. Coming back into the high-energy franchise, Guzman said, "The hardest thing is matching my skill level to the professional dancers who've been dancing for 25 years,” adding that, “acting like I can dance is one thing, but making it believable to the audience is another. I'm training nonstop with these dancers, learning the ins and outs and everything I can to make it look like I'm as good as they are.” They also credited their mixed martial arts training, "the discipline and determination I had to have for martial arts, I carry on as an actor.”
Between the two Step Up films, Guzman starred in two other films in 2014, There's Always Woodstock and April Rain. They also made their television debut as a recurring cast member in the ABC Family's television adaptation of Sara Shepard's Pretty Little Liars, as Jake in the fourth season. Their character was originally supposed to be on the show for only one or two episodes, they explained, "I think I got along with the cast and the producers liked how I was playing Jake, so they slowly started writing me into the show more." Jake remained in the show for nine episodes. In 2015, Guzman starred as an extremely intelligent student, Noah Sandborn, in the titular role of The Boy Next Door, an American erotic psychological thriller film, opposite Jennifer Lopez, as their teacher Claire, who they had a brief affair with at their school, and then pursued them aggressively. Guzman explained how they prepared for the role,
Guzman's first main role in a television series was the NBC's superhero drama Heroes Reborn, as a continuation of Heroes. They starred as Carlos Gutierrez, a war hero who lives in Los Angeles with their brother Oscar and nephew José. In 2018 they joined the second season of 9-1-1 as a main cast member, playing LAFD firefighter Edmundo "Eddie" Diaz.
Personal life
Guzman and their fiancée, Brazilian actor Chrysti Ane, welcomed their first child, a son on January 24, 2019 The couple named their son Mateo Lopes, Guzman explained in an interview with Entertainment Tonight prior to the birth, "My mom ran a daycare for most of my life and one of the kids they watched after was named Mateo, They were one of the sweetest kids. As soon as I found out I was having a son, I pictured this little kid." They welcomed their second child, a daughter named Genevieve Valentina on January 7, 2021.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1987 births
21st-century American male actors
American male actors of Mexican descent
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Dutch descent
American people of English descent
American people of French descent
American people of German descent
American people of Swedish descent
Living people
Male actors from California
Male actors from Sacramento, California
Male actors from Texas
People from Abilene, Texas
Sierra College alumni
The 2011 Wests Tigers season was the twelfth in the joint-venture club's history. They competed in the National Rugby League's 2011 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 4th (out of 16) to qualify for their 2nd consecutive play-off series. They were knocked out of the finals by eventual grand finalists, the New Zealand Warriors. To date, this is the last time the Tigers have made the finals
Season Summary
Robbie Farah retained their role as captain for the third year in a row. After an impressive end to the 2010 Telstra Premiership, the Tigers were keen to keep the same squad the retained all their starting side with the addition of Matt Utai.
In the week leading up to the start of the season, it was reported that Tigers star half Benji Marshall was being investigated into an alleged assault in the early hours of Saturday, 5 March. This incident occurred just days after Marshall was announced as the face of rugby league for 2011 and hours after Marshall appeared at an event for the charity they helped create, Footy Rocks.
Match results
Regular season
Finals Series
March
The Tigers started the season with an away loss to the Canterbury Bulldogs. Tigers prop Bryce Gibbs was a late withdrawal from the game, with Andrew Fifita replacing them in the starting lineup. The first try of the game was scored by a length-of-the-field try to Bulldog outside back Josh Morris in the 27th minute. The Tigers hit back six minutes later with a good backline move which saw Benji Marshall throwing a cut-out pass to Lote Tuqiri to score the opening try of the Tigers account for 2011. Tuqiri has scored the opening try of the season for the Tigers for the second time in a row. Marshall missed the conversion from the sideline and the Tigers trailed 6–4 at halftime. The Tigers were first to score after the break through Chris Lawrence, with another Marshall assist, but tries to Pritchard and Keating saw the Bulldogs leading 16–8 after 64 minutes. Marshall then scored a try themselves and converted it with 11 minutes remaining. But that was to be the closest the Tigers would get, as Steve Turner scored for the 'Dogs in the 75th minute, to seal the points with a 24–14 victory. Liam Fulton lead the tackle count for the Tigers with 44, with captain Robbie Farah also making a strong contribution with 38.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marhsall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Fulton, Ellis, Heighington. Interchange: Moltzen, Dwyer, Payten, Woods.
Liam Fulton was ruled out before the teams were announced on Tuesday with a shoulder injury sustained in the Week 1 loss to the Bulldogs. Simon Dwyer was named in the run-on side. Gareth Ellis was in doubt a couple days before the match and that was confirmed at kick-off, when they and fellow big-man Bryce Gibbs also withdraw from the game. They were replaced by the Schirnack brothers. The Tigers opened up their account for 2011 with their first home game of the season, played at Leichhardt Oval. The error count was high and tries were hard to come by, but the Tigers eventually managed to come from behind to get the win. A first half Chris Lawrence try was cancelled out minutes later by Simon Mannering and the score was 6–6 at the break. Krisnan Inu managed to find themselves scoring from dummy-half in the corner in the 50th minute, after some freakish lead-up work by Inu the play before. A side-line conversion by Seymour gave the visitors a 12–6 lead. With less than twenty minutes remaining the Tigers stepped it up to send Ayshford and the skipper, Farah, over to put the Tigers in the lead. Another try to Lawrence sealed the win in the 74th minute.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marshall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Dwyer, A.Schirnack, Heighington. Interchange: Moltzen, Woods, Payten, J.Schirnack
Coming into the game the Tigers were again without influential second-rowers Fulton and Ellis, and the team fielded a similar line-up to the previous week. To add to their injury woes, however, Tuqiri only lasted 49 minutes coming off with a suspected broken arm. Chris Lawrence was also rushed to Campbelltown Hospital to relocate a dislocated hip with six minutes left in the game. The Tigers will be without both their left-sided attackers for several weeks. The Tigers started well, scoring the first try through Lawrence and ended the half with a commanding 16–4 lead. They went on to control much of the second half sealing the game after 69 minutes with a 34–10 lead. Disappointingly for fans and coach Tim Sheens, the Tigers let in three tries in the final ten minutes, including a 90-metre dash by Blake Ferguson to give the Raiders some credibility to the scoreline.
Tigers Lineup: McKinnon; Tuqiri, Ayshford, Lawrence, Utai; Marshall, Lui; Fifita, Farah (c), Galloway, Dwyer, Payten, Heighington. Interchange: Moltzen, Woods, J.Schirnack, A.Schirnack.
April
The Tigers again had to field a depleted side without regular starters Tuqiri, Lawrence, Fulton, and Ellis, as well as Footy Show star and right winger Beau Ryan still sidelined with their pre-season injury. Bryce Gibbs was also expected not to play, but was a late inclusion to side wearing jersey number 20. This meant the naming of halfback Jacob Miller for their debut. Mitch Brown was recalled to replace Tuqiri, Tim Moltzen was selected in the centres and Geoff Daniela was named in the side for the first time this season on the bench. A quick reshuffle to the originally selected side meant that Miller had to wait 64 minutes before making their debut, with Moltzen switching to halfback and Daniela starting in the centres. Jason Schirnack was omitted from the team altogether. The Roosters came out crowing, scoring two tries in 13 minutes over the wounded Tigers outfit. The Tigers got one back straight after half-time through Aaron Woods, but were no real match for the 2010 Runners-Up. In a comical event seven minutes into the second-half, Roosters Todd Carney bolted over referee Tony Archer after screaming through a line-break. The Roosters went on to score two minutes later through fullback Anthony Minichiello. With Roosters leading 18–6 with ten minutes to go, Minichiello was then sin binned for a professional foul (deliberately raking the ball from Tigers captain Robbie Farah after their line-break). However, the Tigers were unable to capitalize on the extra-man advantage, and it was the Roosters next to score through a magnificent inside ball from Pearce to Carney. The Roosters came away with the points with a 24–6 win.
Tigers Lineup: 1. McKinnon; 2. Brown, 3. Ayshford, 14. Daniela, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 4. Moltzen; 8. Fifita, 9. Farah (c), 10. Galloway, 11. Dwyer, 13. Heighington, 20. Gibbs. Interchange: 7. Miller, 12. A.Schirnack, 16. Woods, 17. Payten.
Round 5 – Heritage Round: Arch-old enemies the South Sydney Rabbitohs were the Tigers opponents for this historic celebration. It was the first match back from injury for Gareth Ellis, after initially not being named in the squad, Ellis passed a fitness test late in the week to become available. The unlucky player to miss out was Aaron Woods. The Rabbitohs got on the board early with some good footwork and passing from Chris Sandow and running by Roy Asotasi. The Rabbits seemed to dominate possession early in the match, but some good Tigers defence held them at bay. It took some individual brilliance from Benji Marshall to get the Tigers going. From the scrum win, they dodged, weaved and dummied their way into a hole from nothing to race 40 metres to score and convert their try. Still the Tigers defence looked strong and in the 35th minute another long range try was scored to Wade McKinnon off the back of some excellent work from skipper Robbie Farah out of dummy-half. The Tigers went to the break 12–6 in the lead. The Tigers were first to score upon resumption to Mitch Brown in the corner. They extended their lead to 22–6 moments later, in the 49th minute, when Marshall sent Simon Dwyer through a roaring gap to score. A penalty goal would all but seal victory in the 65th minute, but the Tigers weren't finished. Again Marshall sent Dwyer over in the 69th minute to stretch the lead to 30–6, and there the score would remain. With five minutes to go Marshall was sent to the sin bin for a profession foul (holding Souths back-rower Dave Taylor down too long). Marshall left the field to standing ovation for all their efforts on the night. The man-of-the-match award would go to Dwyer however, for their two tries and 31 tackles. This big victory was set up by some stunning Tigers defence in the first half. Injuries to Keith Galloway and Geoff Daniela put a dampener on an otherwise brilliant Tigers performance.
Tigers Lineup: 1. McKinnon; 2. Brown, 3. Ayshford, 4. Daniela, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 7. Moltzen; 8. Gibbs, 9. Farah (c), 10. Galloway, 11. Dwyer, 18. Ellis, 13. Heighington. Interchange: 12. A.Schirnack, 14. Miller, 15. Fifita, 17. Payten.
The Tigers started without three players originally named at the start of the week: McKinnon, Ryan, and Woods. This meant call-ups for NSW Cup players, winger Sam Latu, fullback Sean Meaney, and back-rower Mark Flanagan for the first time this season. Moltzen switched to fullback and young Jacob Miller started at halfback in their stead. The Tigers couldn't have asked for any more of a perfect start. From the first set of six, the Titans dropped the ball and the Tigers were on the attack. They got a repeat set when Miller grubbered the ball into the in-goal where Capewell was caught. From the resultant set, the Titans got the ball, when a Tigers kick failed to make it past the defence. Titans halfback, Scott Prince, however, decided to throw a flick pass inside their own 20 metres which failed to find its target. The Tigers got the ball back and this time did not pass up the opportunity to take some points. A brilliantly executed kick from Marshall in behind the defensive line saw a rampaging Simon Dwyer diving to ground the ball over the line. This set the tone for the next twenty minutes. The Tigers turned down the opportunity to score a try in the ninth, opting for a penalty conversion. Marshall extended the lead by two points. They would be invited back into Titans territory when Prince kicked the ball out on the full from the resultant kick-off. The Tigers scored through Chris Heighington in the eleventh minute, cleaning up the scraps on a last play kick. The Tigers would continue to dominate the match, until the Titans hit back with two quick tries to William Zillman in the 25th and 28th minute. At half-time, the Tigers would remain in the lead 14–8. The second half began as a polar opposite to the first. The Tigers were the ones playing ordinary, drop-ball football and the Titans had more opportunities. Off the back of a penalty, Scott Prince scored a fantastic solo try when they threw a dummy and sliced through the Tigers defence to level the scores in the 73rd minute. The Titans then got their second win of the season with what would end up being the last play of the match. As the Tigers looked to put pressure on a potential field goal attempt, Minichiello simply strolled over the line off a Nathan Friend short pass, one out from the ruck.
Tigers Lineup: 7. Moltzen; 19. Latu, 3. Ayshford, 4. Brown, 5. Utai; 6. Marshall, 14. Miller; 8. Gibbs, 9. Farah, 10. Payten, 11. Dwyer, 12. Ellis, 13. Heighington. Interchange: 15. Fifita, 16, A.Schirnack, 18. Meaney, 20. Flanagan.
Finals Series
Ladder
Squad
References
External links
Official Tigers Website
Wests Tigers seasons
Wests Tigers season
Abdulrahman Al-Bishi () (born 1 July 1982) is a Saudi Arabian footballer.
With Al-Nasr
Al-Bishi joined the Al-Nassr club in 1996 through Mr. Abdulla Al-Howaishel. After 15 days of joining, they were recalled by the Al-Nasr's Under 17 squads trainer Yousef Khamis. At the beginning, Al-Bishi played as a midfielder; however, Khamis decided that Al-Bishi would be better suited in a forward position.
In Abdularahman's first two seasons, they scored 74 goals for Al-Nasr's under 17 team. When they were 17, Al-Bishi was called for Al-Nasr under 20 squads. They played their first match when they were just 18.
International career
Al-Bishi played with almost every Saudi Arabian team but didn't get the success they looked for due to the frequent injuries they suffered. They made three appearances for Saudi Arabia at the 2004 AFC Asian Cup finals.
They played with the Saudi schools team, under 17, under 20, under 23 and the Saudi first team.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Saudi Arabian footballers
Al Nassr FC players
Sdoos Club players
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi Second Division players
Association football forwards
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Protapanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 20 described species in Protapanteles, found mainly in the Holarctic.
Species
These 25 species belong to the genus Protapanteles:
Protapanteles alaskensis
Protapanteles anchisiades
Protapanteles andromica
Protapanteles armeniacus
Protapanteles buzurae
Protapanteles delitutus
Protapanteles endemus
Protapanteles enephes
Protapanteles hirtariae
Protapanteles iapetus
Protapanteles immunis
Protapanteles incertus
Protapanteles lymantriae
Protapanteles mandanis
Protapanteles neparallelus
Protapanteles palabundus
Protapanteles paleacritae
Protapanteles parallelus
Protapanteles phigaliae
Protapanteles phlyctaeniae
Protapanteles popularis
Protapanteles praecipuus
Protapanteles querceus
Protapanteles santolinae
Protapanteles triangulator
Protapanteles yunnanensis
References
Further reading
External links
Microgastrinae
Humberto Luiz Gomes da Silva, also known simply as Humberto (born February 7, 1995), is a Brazilian professional basketball player for Corinthians of the Novo Basquete Brasil (NBB) from Brazil.
Professional career
Flamengo
On 7 July 2016, Flamengo announced the signings of Humberto and Ricardo Fischer, as part of the club's new signings for the NBB's 2016–17 NBB.
NBB career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
References
External links
Latinbasket.com Profile
NBB Player Profile
1995 births
Living people
Brazilian men's basketball players
Esporte Clube Pinheiros basketball players
Flamengo basketball players
Novo Basquete Brasil players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista basketball players
Basketball players from São Paulo
Laurent Belissen (also Bellissen; 8 August 1693 – 12 February 1762) was a French Baroque composer. They were born in Aix-en-Provence and may have been among the last students of Guillaume Poitevin, then maître de musique at the choir school of the Aix Cathedral.
By 1722 Belissen settled in Marseille, where they succeeded Antoine Blanchard as maître de musique of the Abbey of St. Victor, which was then rapidly declining in importance—but they also secured a position directing the city's Académie de Concerts. Belissen remained in Marseilles until their death.
Much of Belissen's music is either lost or remains uncatalogued. Their four grands motets adopt a style radically different from what contemporary Versailles composers used: Belissen uses four voices instead of five, and their style successfully combines Italian and French traits. One mass survives incomplete, and at least two more are presumed lost, similarly to other grands motets, Magnificat settings, Lamentations, etc.
References
Musicians from Aix-en-Provence
French Baroque composers
French composers of sacred music
French male classical composers
1693 births
1762 deaths
18th-century classical composers
18th-century French composers
18th-century French male musicians
17th-century male musicians
Kulinovci () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 344 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Laurent Croci (born 8 December 1964) is a French football manager and former player, who last managed FC Mulhouse.
Playing career
Croci are born in Montbéliard, Doubs. They began their career with Sochaux, featuring for the clubs 'B' team until they turned 18. Croci spent 10 years in the first team, before leaving for Bordeaux. Whilst at Bordeaux they won the 1995 UEFA Intertoto Cup and played in the 1996 UEFA Cup Final, and was cautioned in the first leg.
After five years with Bordeaux, Croci spent time with Scottish side Dundee, before joining Carlisle United. However, they only played one game for each club, before they left for Swiss side Étoile Carouge.
They returned to France to finish their career with amateur sides Lormont and Blanquefort, before managing the latter for the 2000–01 season.
External links
External links
Profile on Croix de Savoie official site
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Montbéliard
French footballers
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Ligue 1 players
French football managers
US Créteil-Lusitanos managers
French people of Italian descent
Stade Poitevin FC managers
Entente SSG managers
FC Mulhouse managers
Association football defenders
Footballers from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
French expatriate sportspeople in England
French expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
French expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Arthur P. Schalick High School is a comprehensive community four-year public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Pittsgrove Township, in Salem County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Pittsgrove Township School District.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 491 students and 47.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.3:1. There were 107 students (21.8% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 33 (6.7% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History
Opened in September 1976 and constructed at a cost of $4 million (equivalent to $ in ), the school was built to serve an enrollment of 650 in grades 7–11 at opening and was named for Arthur P. Schalick, who at the age of 85 had been serving for 25 years as the board's president. Before the new high school was completed, students from Pittsgrove Township would be sent to attend either Bridgeton High School or Vineland High School, both of which were above their capacity.
In 1977, a group of parents protested to the district's board of education about profanity in the book The Catcher in the Rye, which had been included as a text in an elective course. While many board members were unfamiliar with the book, consensus was that the decision on the matter would be heavily influenced by 85-year-old Arthur P. Schalick, whose power was emphasized by the school's principal, who said that "[Schalick] is the township".
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 175th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 209th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 168th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 207th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 211th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Academic programs
Under the terms of an articulation agreement reached in 2014 between the high school and Rowan University, participants in the school's Creative and Performing Arts Academy will be able to apply up to six college credits at Rowan using coursework performed at the high school.
Athletics
The A. P. Schalick High School Cougars compete as one of the member schools in the Tri-County Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Camden, Cape May, Cumberland, Gloucester and Salem counties. The conference is overseen by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 378 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2022–24 school years as Group I South for most athletic competition purposes. The football team competes in the Horizon Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I South for football for 2022–2024.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for a joint wrestling team with Cumberland Regional High School. The co-op program operates under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The softball team won the Group I state championship in 1978, finishing the season with no losses after defeating Cedar Grove High School by a score of 8–2 in the final round of the tournament at Mercer County Park.
The girls' basketball team won the Group I state championship in 1984, defeating Wallkill Valley Regional High School by a score of 54–52 in the final game of the playoff tournament to become the first South Jersey public school to win in the group.
The boys' baseball team was the Classic Division Champs, South Jersey Group I champions and Group I state finalist in 1992.
The boys soccer team was the Group I state champion in 2001 (as co-champion with Whippany Park High School) and 2004 (defeating North Warren Regional High School in the tournament final). The team won the 1994, 1995, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007 and 2015 South Jersey Group I state sectional championships with wins over Haddon Heights (in 2001 and 2002), Clayton (in 2003), Woodbury (in 2004), Point Pleasant Beach (in 2007) and Lindenwold High Schools (in 2015). In 2004, the team went on to win the Group I state championship with a pair of 2-1 wins over Bound Brook in the semi-finals and North Warren in the finals. They reached the finals again in 2015 but were defeated 1-0 by David Brearley High School.
The football team took the South Jersey Group I state sectional titles in 2003 and 2004. The team won the 2003 title, topping Woodbury Junior-Senior High School by a final score of 21-6 and then by a 20–6 win over Paulsboro High School the following year to finish the season with a 12–0 record.
The girls' soccer team won the South Jersey Group I championship with a 2–1 victory versus Riverside High School in 2003, followed by a victory over Pennsville Memorial High School in 2004 for consecutive championships.
The boys' basketball team won the 2005 South, Group I state sectional championship, edging Burlington City High School 74–72 in the tournament final. The team took the first round of the 2005 Group I state championships with a 72–55 win over Florence Memorial High School, but fell in the finals to Science Park High School 69–66 in overtime.
The girls' field hockey team won the South Jersey Group I state sectional championships in 2009, 2011 (as state group runner-up) and 2017. The program's first title came in 2009 with a 1–0 overtime victory against St. Joseph High School.
Administration
The school's principal is Yvette DuBouis Trembley. Them administration team includes the assistant principal and athletic director.
Notable alumni
Paul Gause (born 1986), class of 2005, one of only three male players in New Jersey prep basketball history to score 3,000 points in a career.
Kevin Jackson (born 1978), former U.S. soccer midfielder who spent five seasons in the USL First Division and two in the Premier Development League.
Jamarr Johnson (born 1988), professional basketball player for Satria Muda Pertamina Jakarta.
References
External links
A.P. Schalick High School
Pittsgrove Township School District website
School Data for the Pittsgrove Township School District, National Center for Education Statistics
South Jersey Sports: Schalick High School
Pittsgrove Township, New Jersey
1976 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1976
Public high schools in Salem County, New Jersey
Batrachorhina subgriseicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1961
Primarily a wholesaler of water to cities and improvement districts within Salt Lake County, Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District is a political subdivision of the State of Utah and one of the largest water districts in the state. It was created in 1951 under the Water Conservancy District Act and was called Salt Lake County Water Conservancy District until 1999. Jordan Valley Water is the largest petitioner of the Central Utah Project, a Federal water project which will annually provide up to of water to Jordan Valley Water by 2021.
Jordan Valley Water is governed by a board of nine Trustees who represent eight geographical divisions. They are nominated either by the Salt Lake County Council or a city council, depending upon the division they represent. The Governor then appoints Trustees for a four-year term from those nominated.
Jordan Valley Water has a retail service area primarily in unincorporated areas of Salt Lake County, making up about ten percent of its deliveries. Approximately ninety percent of its municipal water is delivered on a wholesale basis to cities and water districts. In addition, Jordan Valley Water treats and delivers water to Metropolitan Water District of Salt Lake & Sandy on a contractual basis for delivery to Salt Lake City and Sandy City, even though neither city is within Jordan Valley Water's service boundaries. Jordan Valley Water also delivers untreated water to irrigators in Salt Lake and Utah Counties to meet commitments under irrigation exchanges.
Water conservation issues
Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District is responsible to plan for long-term facilities and monitor water use to ensure that a sustainable supply of water will be available for the 600,000+ residents within its service area. Given that Utah is the second-driest State in the nation, this presents some unique challenges. Generally, Utahns use more water per capita than residents of other states, with the exception of Nevada. There are a limited number of potential new sources of water which can be developed; however, doing so will be expensive both financially and environmentally. With a goal of reducing water use 25 percent by 2025, Jordan Valley Water launched a major conservation campaign in 1999 in the hopes of extending water supplies for future generations without having to pursue as many new sources.
With approximately 65 percent of culinary water used on outdoor landscaping, it was decided that outdoor water would be the place to begin: educate the public about more efficient ways to water their landscapes, and to teach them that water-efficient landscaping can be beautiful.
In 1999, Jordan Valley Water developed the conservation education campaign "Slow The Flow, Save H2O" as a major component of its water conservation efforts. The campaign was successful, spread statewide, and has been adopted by every major water district in Utah.
In 2000, Jordan Valley Water began developing waterwise demonstration gardens at its headquarters site. The gardens have seen a number of expansions since then and now comprise nearly five acres of display gardens called Conservation Garden Park. A new LEED Platinum-designed Education Center was opened to the public in 2013. This center furthers opportunities for outreach and education.
References
External links
Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District
Conservation Garden Park
Conservation Garden Park Blog
State agencies of Utah
Water and politics
Water management authorities in the United States
Water companies of the United States
Water conservation in the United States
Yatie (also Iati'e; Yatiʾe) was a queen of the Nomadic Arab tribes of Qedar who ruled in the 8th century BC, circa 730 BC.
Yatie sent their forces, headed by their brother Basqanu ( Bâsqânu), to aid Merodach-Baladan in their bid to hold on to Babylon. Merodach-Baladan, the leader of the Chaldeans, was also supported by an army from Elam and together these faced the Assyrian forces of Sennacherib on their first campaign in 703 BC.
The events of the battle are recorded in the annals of Sennacherib which mention Yatie, "queen of the Arabs", and the capture of their brother Baasqanu in the battle. Israel Eph'al writes that this is the first mention in Assyrian documents of Arabs as an ethnic element in Babylonia. Yatie's predecessor was Samsi and they were succeeded by queen Te'el-hunu.
References
Bibliography
Arab queens
Midian
Ancient queens regnant
8th-century BC women rulers
8th-century BC Arabs
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Ancient Near Eastern women
As of 2022, Japanese musician Sugizo has released 7 studio albums and 23 singles as a solo artist and has collaborated with many other artists.
Studio albums
Truth? (November 19, 1997), Oricon Peak Position: #12
C:Lear (October 1, 2003) #56
Flower of Life (December 14, 2011) #62
Tree of Life (December 14, 2011) #69
#132
Oneness M (November 29, 2017) #23
#87
EPs
Sugizo x Hataken: The Voyage to The Higher Self (February 16, 2022)
Remix albums
Replicant Lucifer (August 27, 1997) #24
Replicant Prayer (November 6, 1997) #54
Replicant Truth？ (December 21, 1997)
Spirituarise (December 5, 2007)
Vesica Pisces (March 6, 2013) #227
Replicants (October 25, 2017) #232
Switched-On Oto (May 29, 2018) #202
Compilation albums
Sugizo meets Frank Zappa (December 22, 1999)
Cosmoscape (July 23, 2008) #69
Spiritual Classic Sugizo Selection (September 24, 2014) #133
Spiritual Classic Sugizo Selection II (July 8, 2015) #123
Cosmoscape II (December 15, 2018) #74
Live albums
Live in Tokyo (2020) #74
Soundtracks
Parallel Side of Soundtrack (November 14, 2001)
H・Art・Chaos ~Suichoku no Yume~ (December 31, 2001)
Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (February 27, 2002) #80
Silent Voice ~Acoustic Songs of Soundtrack~ (May 9, 2002)
Nemuri Kyoshiro Burai-hikae (May 14, 2010)
7Doors ~Bluebeard's Castle~ (May 30, 2012)
Tokyo Decibels ~Original Motion Picture Soundtrack~ (May 17, 2017)
Singles
"Lucifer" (July 9, 1997) #8
"A Prayer" (September 10, 1997) #7
"Rest in Peace & Fly Away" (April 10, 2002) #46
Sugizo feat. bice
"Super Love" (August 21, 2002) #42
Sugizo & the Spank Your Juice
"Dear Life" (November 20, 2002) #47
Sugizo & the Spank Your Juice
"No More Machine Guns Play the Guitar" (January 24, 2003) #50
Sugizo & the Spank Your Juice
"Tell Me Why You Hide the Truth?" (December 16, 2009)
"Messiah" (December 16, 2009)
"Do-Funk Dance" (January 27, 2010)
"Fatima" (January 27, 2010)
"Prana" (February 24, 2010)
"Dear Spiritual Life" (March 31, 2010)
"No More Nukes Play the Guitar" (April 13, 2011)
"The Edge" (April 13, 2011)
"Miranda" (June 29, 2011)
Sugizo feat. MaZDA
"Neo Cosmoscape" (July 27, 2011)
Remixed by System 7
"Enola Gay" (August 15, 2011)
"Pray for Mother Earth" (September 11, 2011)
Sugizo feat. Toshinori Kondo
"Final of the Messiah" (August 29, 2012)
Remix by System 7
"Super Love 2012" (September 11, 2012)
Sugizo feat. Coldfeet
"Life on Mars?" (August 15, 2016)
"Lux Aeterna" (September 30, 2016)
"Raummusik" (October 31, 2016)
Sugizo feat. Glim Spanky
Sugizo feat. KOM_I (Wednesday Campanella)
"A Red Ray" (June 25, 2019)
Sugizo feat. miwa
Sugizo feat. Aina The End (BiSH)
Sugizo feat. Maki Ohguro
Other discography
With The Flare
"Inner Child" (August 25, 2004) #70
"Positivity" (June 1, 2005) #104
#93
The Flare (February 8, 2006) #95
With Juno Reactor
Gods & Monsters (April 22, 2008)
The Golden Sun of the Great East (April 24, 2013)
With X Japan
"Scarlet Love Song" (June 8, 2011)
"Jade" (June 28, 2011)
"Born to Be Free" (November 6, 2015)
With Shag
The Protest Jam (July 1, 2022) #74
Session discography
Issay; Flowers (1994) – violin on "Asamade Matenai"
Media Youth; Spirit (1995)
Tracy Huang; Crazy for Love (1998) – "So Near, yet so far Away - 咫尺天涯" composed and produced by Sugizo
Glay; Pure Soul (1998) – guitar on "Fried Chicken and Beer"
d-kiku; Miniature Garden (1998) – violin on "Tamarisque", guitar on "Close", "Synapse" and "Sound of View", "Cross" composed by Sugizo
Miu Sakamoto; Aquascape (1999) – "Internal", "Eternal" and "Awakening (Endo Mix)" composed by Sugizo
D.I.E.; Progressive (1999)
Miki Nakatani; "Chronic Love", "Frontier" (1999)
Coldfeet; Flavors (1999)
Redrum; "Redrum" (1999) – producer
Miu Sakamoto; Dawn Pink (1999) – "Internal", "Eternal" and "The Eighth Colour " composed by Sugizo
Tomoe Shinohara; Deep Sound Channel (1999) – "Voyage" composed and produced by Sugizo
Vivian Hsu; Jiaban de Tianshi (2000) – "他她", "魔鬼愛奢侈的眼淚" , "老夫婦", composed and produced by Sugizo
Honeydip; Another Sunny Day (2000) – producer
Paul Wong; Yellow Paul Wong (2001) – guitar on three tracks
N.M.L. (No More Landmines); Zero Landmine (2001) – guitar
Nicholas Tse; Jade Butterfly (2001) - “今天你生日”，“後遺”，“瘟疫”
Inoran - Fragment - Erhu on track number 8 "艶".
Red; "Saga" (2001) – producer
Miu Sakamoto; "Sleep Away" (2002) – composed, arranged and produced by Sugizo
Kiyoharu; Poetry (2004) – guitar on "Melancholy"
Redrum; Second Circle (2004) – producer
D'espairsRay; Born (2004) – violin on "Marry of the Blood"
Miu Sakamoto; Oboro no Kanata, Akari no Kehai (2007) – producer
Miyavi; "Hi no Hikari Sae Todokanai Kono Basho De" (2008) – guest guitarist on the title track
Acid Black Cherry; Black List (2008) – guitar
Toshi; Samurai Japan (2010)
Tezya; Life My Babylon (2010) – on "Cosmo of Love"
m.o.v.e.; "Overtakers" (2011) – guitar
Japan United with Music; "All You Need Is Love" (2012) – guitar solo
Ryuichi Kawamura; Concept RRR 「Never Fear」 (2014) – guitar on "Ai no Uta"
Sukekiyo; Immortalis (2014) – remixed "Hemimetabolism" on the limited edition
Kazumi Watanabe; Guitar is Beautiful KW45 (2016) – guest guitar on "Round Midnight" and "Island Hop"
Dir en Grey; "Utafumi" (2016) – violin on "Kūkoku no Kyōon"
Trustrick; Trick (2016) – violin on "I Wish You Were Here"
Maon Kurosaki; "Vermillion" (2016) – composed and produced the title track
Yoshiki feat. Hyde; "Red Swan" (2018) – guest guitar
SawanoHiroyuki[nZk]; Remember (2019) – violin on "Glory -Into the RM-"
Mayo Suzukaze; Fairy ~A・I~ Ai (2021) – composed "Chikyū no Namida"
Tribute album appearances
Auto-Mod; Tribute to Auto-Mod ~Flower in the Dark~ (1994) – on "Smell" and "Deathtopia"
Japan; Life in Tokyo - A Tribute to Japan (September 4, 1996) – "Quiet Life" and on "Le Fou" by The Experience of Swimming
Osamu Tezuka; Atom Kids Remix ~ 21st Century Boys and Girls (February 24, 1999) – remixed "Fushigi na Merumo" by Cibo Matto
Anarchy; Q:Are we Anarchist? (June 23, 1999) – on "Reformation Child (Revolution Kids)"
Yellow Magic Orchestra; YMO Remixes Technopolis 2000-00 (November 3, 2000) – remixed "Perspective"
Yellow Magic Orchestra; Tribute to YMO (September 8, 2004) – remixed "1000 Knives"
Gundam; Gundam Unplugged ～Acogi De Gundam A.c.2009～ (December 9, 2009) – "Beginning"
Dead End; Dead End Tribute - Song of Lunatics (2013) – guitar on "Serafine"
Various artists compilation appearances
Dance 2 Noise 004 (January 21, 1993) – "Revive"
Grand Cross (August 11, 1999) – "Aquarius After the Le Fou", "Luna-tica ~Life on the Hill Mix~ (Remixed by 4Hero)"
Sugizo Compiles Global Music I (October 23, 2002)
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
The 1910–11 season was the sixth in the history of the Isthmian League, an English football competition.
Clapton were champions, winning their first Isthmian League title. At the end of the season Bromley resigned from the league.
League table
References
Isthmian League seasons
I
Thomas Rock () is a small nunatak lying 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northeast of Tent Rock and 6 nautical miles (11 km) west of Ricker Hills in the Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1956–62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Kenneth E. Thomas, radioman with the winter party at South Pole Station, 1966.
Nunataks of Oates Land
The number of animated series with LGBTQ characters, from 2005 to 2009, changed from those aired from 2000 to 2004, with the addition of various LGBTQ characters in Western animation. In the latter case, this included characters in series such as Moral Orel, American Dad!, The Cleveland Show, Superjail!, and Archer. Even so, most of the LGBTQ characters still appeared in anime. Prominently, LGBTQ characters appeared in Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl, Simoun, Strawberry Panic!, Canaan, Kanamemo, Sweet Blue Flowers, and Whispered Words.
This list only includes recurring characters, otherwise known as supporting characters, which appear frequently from time to time during the series' run, often playing major roles in more than one episode, and those in the main cast are listed below. LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay (in animation and anime), lesbian (in animation and anime), bisexual (in animation and anime), trans, pansexual, asexual, non-binary, and intersex characters.
For a further understanding of how these LGBTQ characters fit into the overall history of animation, see the History of LGBTQ characters in animated series: 2000s page.
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series.
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
list of animated films with LGBT characters.
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
2000s animated television series
2000s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
The TA-125 Index, typically referred to as the Tel Aviv 125 and formerly the TA-100 Index, is a stock market index of the 125 most highly capitalised companies listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE). The index began on 1 January 1992 with a base level of 100. The highest value reached to date is 1247.92, in January 2011. On 12 February 2017, the index was expanded to include 125 instead of 100 stocks, in an attempt to improve stability and therefore reduce risk for trackers and encourage foreign investment.
Overview
The index is maintained by the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange and is calculated in real-time during trading hours and published every 30 seconds. The index combines the companies that are listed in the TA-35 and TA-90 indices.
TA-35 Index
The TA-35 Index is the TASE's flagship index. It was first published in 1992 under the name "MA'OF Index". The TA-35 index tracks the prices of the shares of the 35 companies with the highest market capitalization on the exchange. It serves as an underlying asset for options and futures, Index-Linked Certificates and Reverse Certificates traded on the exchange and worldwide. The index also began on 1 January 1992 with a base level of 100, and expanded from 25 to 35 stocks together with the TA-125 in February 2017.
TA-90 Index
The TA-90 is a share index of the 90 most highly capitalised companies listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, which are not included in the TA-35 index. The index began in 1999 with a base level of 100. The index was expanded on 12 February 2017 to include 90 instead of 75 stocks, in an attempt to improve stability and therefore reduce risk for trackers and encourage foreign investment.
Weighting
Since February 2008, the TA-125 is calculated using a free float method, the total market capitalization of the companies weighted by their effect on the index, so the larger stocks would make more of a difference to the index as compared to a smaller market cap company. The basic formula for any index is (be it capitalization weighted or any other stock index).
Index level= Σ(Price of stock* Number of shares)*Free float factor/ Index Divisor.
The Free float Adjustment factor represents the proportion of shares that is floated as a percentage of issued shares. The free-float method, therefore, does not include restricted stocks, such as those held by company insiders.
A company's weight in the index has an upper-limit of 9.8%, the weight of a company that should be higher is limited to 9.8% and the rest is divided between the other constituents of the index. Since October 2007 this restriction has set the effective weight of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries at 9.8%.
To be included in the TA-35 index the company's stock also need to adhere to the following requirement: Meet a public holding threshold of at least 25% and a minimal value of 600 million Nisses (to ensure that there is a significant Free float holding, which is not controlled by insiders).
The constituents of the indices are determined twice a year; on the first trading day in January and in July. The largest companies in the TA-125 index are promoted to the TA-35 index if their market capitalisation is 20% more than a current company.
Annual Returns
The following table shows the annual development of the TA-125 Index since 1993.
Constituents
TA-125 Index Components (as of 23 August 2020):
Former members of the index
Elite – Merged with the Strauss Group.
Agis Industries – Acquired by Perrigo (now known as Perrigo Israel Pharmaceuticals).
Discount Investment Corporation - Removed from the index due to decrease in free-floating shares.
MA Industries (Makhteshim Agan) - Acquired by ChemChina in 2011.
Osem - Acquired by Nestlé in 2016.
Koor Industries - Acquired by ChemChina in 2014.
VeriFone Holdings - Delisted from TASE in 2010, later turned private.
Avner Oil Exploration - Merged into Delek Drilling.
Ormat Industries - Merged into Ormat Technologies.
HOT Telecommunication Systems - Acquired by Altice in 2012.
Clal Industries and Investments - Acquired by Access Industries in 2013.
Kardan N.V. - Removed from the index due to decrease in capitalization.
Elbit Imaging - Removed from the index due to decrease in capitalization.
Africa Israel Investments - Acquired by Moti Ben-Moshe in 2018.
Delek Israel Fuel Corp. - Merged into Delek Group.
Mellanox Technologies - Acquired by NVIDIA in 2019.
Frutarom Industries - Acquired by IFF in 2018.
Given Imaging - Acquired by Covidien in 2014.
Blue Square-Israel - Acquired by Moti Ben-Moshe in 2016.
British Israel Investments - Formerly known as Azorim Properties, bought out by Melisron in 2011.
Nitsba Holdings - Merged into Airport City in 2015.
NetVision - Merged into Cellcom in 2011.
Ceragon Networks - Delisted from TASE in 2017, traded at NASDAQ.
Ness Technologies - Split into several companies, later purchased by Hilan, IAI and Formula Systems.
EZchip Semiconductor - Merged into Mellanox in 2016.
Granite Hacarmel Investments - Acquired by Azrieli Group in 2012.
012 Smile Communications - Acquired by Partner in 2010.
Alvarion - Trading suspended in 2014, delisted in 2016.
Ituran Location and Control - Delisted from TASE in 2016, traded at NASDAQ.
Retalix - Acquired by NCR Corp. in 2013.
Jerusalem Economy - Merged with Industrial Building Corporation (also a TA-125 constituent) in November 2019.
Alrov Properties & Lodgings - Removed from the index in August 2019.
N.R. Spuntech Industries - Removed from the index in August 2019.
B Communications - Removed from the index in August 2019.
Municipal Bank Ltd - Merged into Mercantile Discount Bank as a private company and delisted from TASE in December 2019.
Redhill Biopharma Ltd. - Delisted from TASE in January 2020, trading at NASDAQ.
Tamar Petroleum Ltd. - Removed from the index.
References
External links
The TA-125 Index at the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Reuters page for .TA100
Bloomberg page for TA-125:IND
Index TA-90 at the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Israeli stock market indices
Mackensen is a village of about 450 inhabitants which is incorporated into the city of Dassel (Northeim district, Germany) since 1974.
This village lies at the east side of the Solling mountains. The name Mackensen is a derivation of Makkonhusun, which in medieval times in the eastphalian language meant: village of a man named Makko.
It was mentioned in a written list of Corvey Abbey in the 9th century. In the Middle Ages, it was a part of the Suilbergau district, their men being ministeriales of the Counts of Dassel, who lived on the nearby Hunnesrück castle. Today Mackensen is located at the political border between the district of Northeim and the district of Holzminden (that border goes through a nearby hill named Heukenberg). In medieval times, Mackensen was located at a border, too, when it belonged to the Bishopric of Hildesheim, because the neighbouring territory of the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel began nearby. Therefore, people constructed a church in their village devoted to Saint Christopher (patron of travellers) so that travellers could pray in that church before they continued their journey.
Coat of arms shows an ear and a two-handled hand saw on green background. These symbols remind that people were dependent from agriculture and the Solling woods in their history.
Dassel
Former municipalities in Lower Saxony
Florence is an unincorporated community in Paint Township, Madison County, Ohio, United States. It is located at , along U.S. Route 42 between London and South Charleston.
Florence was never platted; the community simply grew around a station built on the Pennsylvania Railroad. As of 1915, the community contained one grain elevator, one general store, the railroad station and freight depot, and only a few houses.
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The 2011 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election took place on 5 May 2011 to elect members of Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council in Cumbria, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Campaign
Before the election no party had a majority on the council and Conservative Jack Richardson was the leader of the council with support from the independents. The whole council was being elected for a four-year term for the first time, changing from the previous system of election by thirds. Nine sitting councillors stood down at the election.
Issues in the campaign included dog fouling, potholes, jobs and keeping the environment clean.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain 13 seats to take control over the council with 29 seats. The Conservatives were reduced to 7 seats and only managed to hold all of the seats in the 2 wards of Hawcoat and Roosecote. Overall turnout in the election was 36.28%.
Both the Conservative leader of the council Jack Richardson and the Labour Member of Parliament for Barrow and Furness John Woodcock put the results down to the cuts the national, Conservative led, government were making.
Ward results
References
2011 English local elections
Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council elections
2010s in Cumbria
Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu-language parody film directed by Steven Shankar. It stars debutant Sampoornesh Babu in the lead role.
The film revolves around Sampoornesh Babu, a petty thief who robs parts in electronic shops and why they rob electronic shops and departmental stores. The movie was considered a hit at the box office. Since the budget was very low of 1.5 crores, this movie is considered to be one of the highest-grossing low budget movies by getting 4 Crores. The film released with low expectations on 4 April 2014 in theaters. Upon release, the film received largely positive reviews from critics and audience.
Plot
Cast
Sampoornesh Babu as Sampo
Ishika Singh as Swaasa
Kavya Kumar as Neelu
Kathi Mahesh as Bhairav Rathode
Jain Charan Musturu as Ram Vallabhaneni
Spot babu as Pranav
Swastika as Black Mamba
Soundtrack
Music: RK, Spot Babu
Lyrics: Spot Babu, Junaid Babu, Akhila, Jain Babu
Nene Baby Shampoo sung by Spot Babu
Enduku naku ee jeevitham (Male) sung by Junaid Kanti's son (Singer)
Pitthey vesina bedaradu sung by Junaid Babu
Hrudaya Vinuve (Classical) sung by Soumya
Hrudaya Vinuve (Fast Beat) sung by Ravindra Tejaswi
Ekkadiki ravalo cheppu (Female) sung by Mundamopi
Naku Shivarathri sung by Geetha Madhuri, Rahul Sipligunj
Reception
The film received positive reviews from critics. The Hindu gave a review stating "While the audience laughs and claps at the spoof, the movie disappoints in the acting skills. The audience seemed oblivious to it though. All actors appear very raw. Some scenes looked straight out of a low budget slow Telugu TV serial. The director seems to have handled the situation well, with one after another clichéd scenes coming with a pun. The director has smartly avoided making the movie a spoof to belittle the Telugu movie industry and larger-than-life heroes. It's just a fun take on typical masala movies."
References
External links
2014 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Indian parody films
Peter Duncan may refer to:
Peter Duncan (actor) (born 1954), former Blue Peter presenter and former UK Chief Scout
Peter Duncan (British politician) (born 1965), Scottish Conservative Party politician, former Member of Parliament
Peter Duncan, American sea captain, see Navassa Island
Peter Duncan (Australian politician) (born 1945), former member of the South Australian and Federal parliaments
Peter Duncan (director) (born 1964), Australian filmmaker
Peter Duncan (alpine skier) (born 1944), Canadian skier
Peter Duncan (swimmer) (born 1935), South African Olympic swimmer
Peter Duncan (footballer) (1890–1974), Scottish football inside left
Peter Martin Duncan (1824–1891), English palaeontologist
See also
Sir Frank Gill (4 October 1866 – 25 October 1950) was a Manx engineer and a pioneer of Telephony, especially international telephony.
Early life
Gill was born at Castletown, Isle of Man, the son of Henry C Gill and nephew of Hugh Gill. At the age of 11 they were sent to live with their uncle in the English coastal town of Southport Lancashire following the death of their father. They studied at Finsbury Technical College under Professor Ayrton and also at the Royal College of Science for Ireland and Liverpool University.
Career
They joined the United Telephone Company at the age of sixteen, eventually managing the Ireland branch which had been taken over by the National Telephone Company. In 1902 they moved to their London office to become Engineer-in Chief.
Until 1912 the NTC provided the majority of the telephone service in Great Britain, but it was run on a franchise from the Post Office who also had the right to buy out NTC after a fixed period. After the Post Office exercised that right, Gill formed a partnership with W.W Cook and together they carried out international telephone work in several countries.
During World War I Gill was appointed to the Ministry of Munitions obtaining the rank of Controller of the Central Stores. In recognition of this work they were made an OBE.
After the war Gill dissolved their partnership with Cook.
In 1922 they became president of the Institution of Electrical Engineers and in their presidential address they proposed that Europe should have a long distance telephone system equivalent to that of AT&T in the USA, who ran a service between New York and San Francisco. As a result of their address, the French took the initiative to try to make this a reality. They convened a meeting of delegates from six of the western European states to form an international consultative committee (CCIF), to decide on the technical standards required as different countries used different telephone systems. Sir Norman Kipping spent five years under Gill as a transmission engineer developing the transcontinental telephone system, but ultimately, the European states were keen to preserve their national sovereignty so Gill's ideas weren't fruitful for many years.
From 1919 until 1928 they were the European chief engineer of International Western Electric, a division of the Western Electric Company. In this capacity, they had access to new research materials such as Permalloy which they introduced to Alan Blumlein who at that time, worked in the transmission laboratory. The company subsequently became International Standard Electric Corporation and then, later on, Standard Telephones and Cables (STC). In 1925 Western Electric's European operations were acquired by ITT Corporation and in 1928 Gill became vice president. They also held the position of Executive vice president of the Spanish Telephone Company, Compania Telefónica Nacional de Espana who had been part of ITT's expansion. During this time they were responsible for reconstructing the Spanish telephone system and in recognition of their work, they were admitted to the Order of Isabella the Catholic. The Emperor of Japan awarded them the Order of the Sacred Treasure third class, for services to the Japanese Government on 29 July 1930.
Wireless
In 1922, the first official radio broadcast triggered a demand from many other stations to apply for broadcast licenses from the GPO. It was evident to the Postmaster General that chaos could occur if all the licences requested were issued and the best solution would be to have just one broadcasting company. In the interests of all parties concerned, it was decided that the initial meeting to discuss the issue would be held on neutral territory and thus the Institute of Electrical Engineers was chosen.
As President of the IEE Gill chaired the preliminary committee to establish one broadcasting company and this led to the foundation of the BBC.
Later life
Gill was chairperson of the Telephone Development Association in 1935 and 1941 and it is evident from the war diary of Sir Clifford Copland Paterson that Gill's position in British Industry contributed towards the war effort during this period. In 1941 they were made a KCMG in recognition of their services to the telephone industry. In 1946 they were made an Honorary Member of the CCIF, who later became ITU-T. Gill made their last radio broadcast in February 1947 for the centenary celebration of the birth of Alexander Graham Bell. For modernisation of the Shanghai Telephone Company, they were awarded the Order of Brilliant Star in 1949.
Gill was drawn into controversy in 2003 over who actually invented the telephone when archived documents unearthed by the Science Museum, London suggested that a device made by Johann Philipp Reis and tested by STC in 1947 would pre-date Alexander Graham Bell by 15 years. It was suggested that Gill, who was head of STC at that time, suppressed these findings as STC were negotiating a contract with AT&T and didn't want to compromise the deal.
Death
Frank Gill was involved in telecommunications right up until their death which occurred whilst attending meetings of the International Consultative Committee on Telecommunication (CCIF) in Geneva Switzerland.
References
1866 births
1950 deaths
English businesspeople
English knights
Manx engineers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
British telecommunications engineers
Aprophata nigrescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1973. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1973
The sport of professional snooker has had a world ranking system in place since 1976. Certain tournaments were given "ranking" status, with the results at those events contributing to a player's world ranking. The events that made up the 1976–77 snooker season were the first to award players with ranking points. Originally, the world rankings were decided based only on results in the World Snooker Championship, but other events were later added. The system used for the 2019–20 snooker season was first used in the 2010–11 season, where players won ranking points based entirely on prize money won from these events. The rankings are based on the prior two seasons, with ten revisions after specific tournaments throughout the season. These revisions are used as official rankings, with points awarded in the current season overwriting those from two years prior.
Ronnie O'Sullivan began the season as the highest ranked player; however, Judd Trump became world number one after winning the 2019 International Championship. Trump retained the position until the end of the season, where they had a lead of over 500,000 points, despite O'Sullivan winning 500,000 points at the 2020 World Snooker Championship. During the season, Trump took a record number of ranking events, winning six.
Ranking list
Revision dates
Seedings for each event were based on the world rankings, with totals being updated at specific revision dates. On these dates, ranking points from the 2017–18 snooker season were removed from a player's total.
Seeding lists
The following table contains the rankings which were used to determine the seedings for following tournaments. Other provisional and unofficial rankings are produced after each ranking event which are not noted here. Peter Ebdon was ranked 51 before announcing their retirement during the season. Blank fields indicate that the player was not active on the tour, or had no ranking. The names are initially sorted by the scores at the end of the season.
Ranking points
Below is a list of points awarded to each player for the events they participated in. Blank fields indicate that the player did not participate at the event.
Notes
References
2019
Rankings 2019
Rankings 2020
The Miburi is a wearable musical instrument which was released commercially by the Yamaha Corporation's Tokyo-based experimental division in 1995.
Categorisation and functions of the Miburi
The Miburi can be characterized as an “inside-in” system according to Axel Mulder's three categories of motion sensing systems:
inside-in - sensor(s) and source(s) that are both on the body;
inside-out - on-body sensors that sense artificial external sources;
outside-in - external sensors that sense artificial sources on the body
It conforms to what Todd Winkler refers to as the ‘body sensor' group of controllers (the other are spatial sensors, acoustic models and ‘new instruments').
The Miburi system consists of a vest with embedded capacitive displacement sensors, two hand-grips, and shoe inserts with pressure sensors, and a belt-worn signal distribution unit joined by a cable to a small synthesizer/MIDI converter. A wireless version, conforming to Japanese wireless frequency regulations was available within Japan only.
The Miburi's belt unit, “MBU-20”, processes data from the sensors into MIDI pitch and velocity information. The unit can be programmed to interpret the data using three ‘trigger' modes: ‘Cross-point' mode; ‘Stop' mode and ‘All' a combination of both modes. ‘Cross-point' mode measures the speed of the transducer's flexion as it traverses its zero point (when the flex sensor is straight). The six ‘flex' sensors send 12 notes – this is because they measure inward and outward movement of each joint as separate notes. ‘Stop' mode sends note and maximum velocity values at the conclusion of a gesture. ‘All' interprets sensor data in both modes simultaneously.
The mapping of each sensor is highly programmable. Each sensor can be mapped on the synthesizer unit, “MSU-20”, to any MIDI note, interpreted in any of the three modes outlined above according to 48 different response modes. The response modes (preset by Yamaha) define the manner in which the sensor's output is graphed to velocity. All the above definitions are components of a single Map ‘Preset', there are 32 programmable preset positions available.
Evaluation of the Miburi
These features make the Miburi extremely effective as a computing input device. However the Miburi's synthesizer unit is limited in its possibilities as a sound source and more importantly is only able to process gestures in a direct one-to-one relationship to the sounds they produce.
The need to ‘tether' the Miburi to its synthesizer unit is also clearly a drawback for movement detection and a restriction for the dancer. However, the Miburi has the robust design, and very predictable sensor output that might be expected from one of the principal electronic musical instrument manufacturers.
The Miburi may be combined with more sophisticated sound sources and software-based interactive mapping such as MAX/msp. Extensions of its basic functions include control of video, lighting, utilization as a component of a “multimedia orchestra” and “to help children engage their whole bodies while interacting with computers”.
Composers of music for the Miburi
Saburo Hirano "Ping Bang" (1995) for solo MIBURI - Uses the Miburi as a Multimedia controller
Susumu Hirasawa
P-MODEL
Hitomi Kaneko "捩じれた時 II Le Temps Tordu II" (for Miburi and Three Dancers)(1997)
Hiroshi Chu Okubo professional miburist
Lindsay Vickery "your sky is filled with billboards of the sky" (2002) for solo MIBURI - Uses the Miburi as a Multimedia controller
References
Notes
Geers, Doug, (2000). “Multimedia Interactive Works, Miller Theater.(Columbia Interactive Arts Festival), in Computer Music Journal . 24.2 (Summer 2000): p85(3).” http://www.accessmylibrary.com/article-1G1-168285305/multimedia-interactive-works-miller.html
Mulder, A., 1994. "Human movement tracking technology, Hand Centered Studies of Human Movement Project, Technical Report 94-1". http://www.xspasm.com/x/sfu/vmi/HMTT.pub.html
Nagashima, Yoichi, "Real-Time Interactive Performance with Computer Graphics and Computer Music, in Proceedings of the 7th IFAC/IFIP/IFORS/IEA Symposium on Analysis, Design, and Evaluation of Man-Machina Systems, IFAC” 1998. http://nagasm.suac.net/ASL/paper/ifac98.pdf
Nishimoto, Kazushi, Mase, Kenji, Fels, Sidney, “Towards Multimedia Orchestra: A Proposal for an Interactive Multimedia Art Creation System. ICMCS, Vol. 1 1999: pp. 900-904”, 1999, http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel5/6322/16911/00779322.pdf?arnumber=779322
Vickery, Lindsay, “The Yamaha MIBURI MIDI jumpsuit as a controller for STEIM's Interactive Video software Image/ine”, Proceedings of the Australian Computer Music Conference 2002, RMIT, Melbourne.
Yamaha Corporation, “MIBURI R3 Manual. Tokyo, Japan: Yamaha Corporation”, 1996" http://www2.yamaha.co.jp/manual/pdf/emi/japan/port/MiburiR3J.pdf.
http://www.yamaha.co.jp/design/pro_1990_08.html
Winkler, Todd, “Composing Interactive Music: techniques and ideas using Max. Cambridge Massachusetts, MIT Press”, 1998.
Zigelbaum, Jamie, Millner, Amon, Desai, Bella, Ishii, Hiroshi, “BodyBeats: whole-body, musical interfaces for children. CHI Extended Abstracts 2006: pp. 1595-1600”, 2006 https://web.archive.org/web/20100619144329/http://tangible.media.mit.edu/content/papers/pdf/bodybeats_CHI06.pdf
External links
Miburi on Yamaha website
Electronic musical instruments
Computing input devices
Emanuel Abu Kissi (born 24 December 1938) is a Ghanaian medical doctor, founder of a medical clinic, and leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).  They are one of only a few black Africans to have served as an area seventy in the church. They were the official head of the LDS Church in Ghana during its "freeze" in 1989–90, and has worked extensively to increase interfaith relationships in Ghana.
Biography
Kissi was born in Abomosu, Ghana. They studied medicine in England. In 1979, while completing training in surgery in Macclesfield, Cheshire, England, they joined the LDS Church.
After their return to Ghana, Kissi and their wife Elizabeth, who is a nurse, established a medical clinic in Accra which they named Deseret Hospital. The hospital at times has been aided by groups of LDS Church members from the United States. They have also been involved with trying to coordinate humanitarian medical care by other doctors in Ghana. Kissi was among those featured in the film Lives of Service about Latter-day Saints of African descent.
Initially after their return to Ghana, Kissi was a professor at Legon University medical school and was working as a general surgeon at Korle Bu Hospital.
The first Latter-day Saint they met in Ghana was Priscilla Sampson-Davis who was reading the Doctrine and Covenants while waiting for treatment at the hospital.
Church leadership
By 1982, Kissi was serving the LDS Church as a district president in Ghana. They had also been a branch president, and in the late 1980s they were a counselor in the presidency of the Ghana Accra Mission. Then in June 1989, the government of Ghana suspended all meetings of the LDS Church and expelled all foreign church representatives. Kissi was designated as the official head of the church in Ghana, a position they held until "The Freeze" was over in November 1990. At the same time, from 1989 to 1991, they were president of the Ghana Accra Mission.
After this Kissi served the church as a Regional Representative of the Twelve, then as a counselor in the mission presidency. Kissi was serving as patriarch of the Accra Ghana Lartebiokorshie Stake before being called as an area seventy from 2002 to 2007. In 2004, they spoke at Brigham Young University on the growth of the LDS Church in West Africa.
Kissi was present at the dedication of the Accra Ghana Temple in 2001.
Publications
Kissi wrote Walking in the Sand: A History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Ghana, which was edited by Matthew K. Heiss and published Brigham Young University Press in 2004. It was reviewed by William Olsen. Kissi also has written a book review of Black and Mormon for BYU Studies.
An article by Kissi was published in the Liahona and Ensign in 2004.
Notes
1938 births
Area seventies (LDS Church)
Converts to Mormonism
Ghanaian leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Ghanaian Mormon missionaries
Ghanaian surgeons
Ghanaian writers
Ghanaian male writers
Living people
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
Mormon missionaries in Ghana
Patriarchs (LDS Church)
Regional representatives of the Twelve
Black Mormons
Ghanaian expatriates in the United Kingdom
English-language writers from Ghana
Justin Dearborn (born c. 1971) is an American business person. They formerly served as the chairperson and chief executive officer of the Tribune Publishing Company, a newspaper publishing company listed on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ.
Early life
Dearborn was born circa 1971. They graduated from Illinois State University with a bachelor's degree and they received a J.D. from the DePaul University College of Law.
Career
Dearborn began their career at Motorola, and later worked for Click Commerce. They were the Managing Director and General Counsel of Merrick Ventures, a private equity firm. They served as the chief executive officer of Merge Healthcare from August 2013 to October 2015, when it merged with IBM for $1 billion.
Dearborn was appointed as the chief executive officer of Tribune Publishing in February 2016 and as its chairperson in March 2018, replacing Michael Ferro. They stepped down from both roles in January 2019.
References
Living people
1970s births
Illinois State University alumni
DePaul University College of Law alumni
American chairpersons of corporations
American chief executives
American media executives
Tribune Publishing
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Radcliffe is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England, and includes the village of Ainsworth and the countryside around and between them. It is unparished, and contains 31 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, two are listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, three are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The listed buildings include farmhouses and farm buildings, private houses, churches and associated items, a ruined pele tower, a public house, two structures associated with the demolished Mount Sion Mill, a disused railway viaduct, and a war memorial.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury
Listed
Ana Valeria Palacios Mendoza (born 16 February 1991), known as Valeria Palacios, is an Ecuadorian international footballer. They played for Ecuador at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.
International career
Palacios represented Ecuador at the 2008 South American U-17 Women's Championship.
References
External links
Profile at FEF
1991 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Ecuadorian women's footballers
People from Portoviejo
Ecuador women's international footballers
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Pan American Games competitors for Ecuador
Footballers at the 2015 Pan American Games
21st-century Ecuadorian women
Peter Bernard David de la Mare (3 September 1920 – 13 December 1989) was a New Zealand physical organic chemist.
Born in Hamilton in 1920, they were the son of Sophia Ruth de la Mare (née Child), a medical practitioner, and Frederick Archibald de la Mare, a lawyer. They were educated at Hamilton High School, and then attended Victoria University College, from where they graduated in 1942 with an MSc in chemistry, winning the Shirtcliffe Fellowship and the Jacob Joseph Scholarship. Their master's research was supervised by Philip Robertson. They worked at the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research in the agricultural department at Wellington and Ruakura, before undertaking PhD studies at University College London between 1946 and 1948, supervised by Christopher Ingold.
They were appointed as an assistant lecturer in the University College London department of chemistry in 1948, and was promoted to lecturer in 1949 and reader in 1957. In 1960 they moved to Bedford College, University of London, becoming professor and head of chemistry. They were appointed professor and head of chemistry at the University of Auckland in 1967, stepping down as head of department in 1980 and retiring in 1981.
De la Mare was awarded a DSc by thesis from the University of London in 1955. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand in 1970, and in 1985 they won the society's Hector Medal, then the highest award in New Zealand science. In 1983 they were awarded an honorary DSc by Victoria University of Wellington.
References
1920 births
1989 deaths
People from Hamilton, New Zealand
People educated at Hamilton Boys' High School
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
People associated with Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (New Zealand)
Alumni of University College London
Academics of University College London
Academics of Bedford College, London
Organic chemists
New Zealand chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
University of Auckland faculty
20th-century New Zealand scientists
Ataxia setulosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fall in 1907. On males, the antennae are slightly longer than the body. It is native to Baja California.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1907
This is the list of awards won and nominations received by the American television series Entourage.
Awards
Awards Won
BAFTA Awards:
2006: Best International Television Series
Emmy Awards:
2006: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2007: Outstanding Sound Mixing - Comedy or Drama Series and Animation (for "One Day in the Valley")
2007: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2008: Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2009: Outstanding Sound Mixing - Comedy or Drama Series and Animation (for "Pie")
2010: Outstanding Sound Mixing - Comedy or Drama Series and Animation (for "One Car, Two Car, Red Car, Blue Car")
Golden Globe Awards:
2007: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
Producers Guild of America:
2005: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
Peabody Award:
2008
Nominations
Directors Guild of America:
2005: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Julian Farino for "Exodus")
2006: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Julian Farino for "One Day in the Valley")
2007: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (David Nutter for "The Resurrection")
Emmy Awards:
2005: Outstanding Casting - Comedy Series
2005: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (David Frankel for "Pilot")
2005: Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2006: Outstanding Casting - Comedy Series
2006: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Daniel Attias for "Oh, Mandy")
2006: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Julian Farino for "Sundance Kids")
2006: Outstanding Writing - Comedy Series (Doug Ellin for "Exodus")
2007: Outstanding Casting - Comedy Series
2007: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Julian Farino for "One Day in the Valley")
2007: Outstanding Guest Actor - Comedy Series (Martin Landau for playing "Bob Ryan")
2007: Outstanding Comedy Series
2007: Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (Kevin Dillon for playing "Johnny Chase")
2008: Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (Kevin Dillon for playing "Johnny Chase")
2008: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Dan Attias for "No Cannes Do")
2008: Outstanding Comedy Series
2009: Outstanding Comedy Series
2009: Outstanding Supporting Actor - Comedy Series (Kevin Dillon for playing "Johnny Chase")
2009: Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series (Julian Farino for "Tree Trippers")
Golden Globe Awards:
2004: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2004: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2005: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2005: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2006: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2006: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2007: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2007: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Kevin Dillon for playing "Johnny Chase")
2009: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2009: Best Actor - TV Series - Musical Or Comedy (Kevin Connolly for playing "Eric Murphy")
2009: Best Supporting Actor - Series, Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
Image Awards:
2007: Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series (Seith Mann for "Dream Team")
Producers Guild of America:
2007: Producer of the Year - Episodic Comedy
Satellite Awards:
2004: Outstanding Actor - Musical or Comedy Series (Kevin Connolly for playing "Eric Murphy")
2004: Outstanding DVD Release - TV Show (for "Season 1")
2004: Outstanding Series - Musical or Comedy
2005: Best Series - Musical or Comedy
2005: Best Supporting Actor - Mini-Series or TV Film (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
Screen Actors Guild:
2006: Outstanding Actor - Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2006: Outstanding Cast - Comedy Series
2007: Outstanding Actor - Comedy Series (Jeremy Piven for playing "Ari Gold")
2007: Outstanding Cast - Comedy Series
Slammy Awards:
2015: Celebrity Moment of the Year
Writers Guild of America:
2005: Best Writing - Comedy Series
2006: Best Writing - Comedy Series
2007: Best Writing - Comedy Series
Entourage
Awards
Frederick County Public Schools is a public school system run for the residents of Frederick County, Virginia.
High schools
James Wood High School, Winchester
Millbrook High School, Winchester
Sherando High School, Stephens City
Mountain Vista Governor's School also serves the county and students may apply to take courses via an application process and selection.
Middle schools
Admiral Richard E. Byrd, Winchester
Frederick County Middle School, Winchester
James Wood Middle School, Winchester
Robert E. Aylor Middle School, White Post (formerly located in Stephens City)
Elementary schools
Apple Pie Ridge, Winchester
Armel, Winchester
Bass-Hoover, Stephens City
Evendale, Winchester
Gainesboro, Gainesboro
Greenwood Mill, Winchester
Indian Hollow, Winchester
Middletown, Middletown
Orchard View, Winchester
Redbud Run, Winchester
Stonewall, Clear Brook
Other
Dowell J Howard Center, Winchester
Northwestern Regional Education Programs, Winchester
Parent Resource Center, Winchester
Northern Shenandoah Valley Adult Education, Winchester
Senseny Road School, Winchester
See also
Winchester Public Schools
External links
Official website
School divisions in Virginia
Education in Frederick County, Virginia
Arunachal Pradesh Football Association (APFA) is the state governing body of football in Arunachal Pradesh. It is affiliated with the India Football Federation, the national governing body. APFA runs Arunachal Super League, the top tier league of the state.
Competitions
Man 's
Indrajit Namchoom Arunachal League
Tadar Tang State Level Football Tournament
Woman 's
Arunachal Women's Football Championship
References
Football in Arunachal Pradesh
Football governing bodies in India
1992 establishments in India
Sports organizations established in 1992
Albertoni is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Gaspare Paluzzi degli Albertoni (1566–1614), Roman Catholic Bishop of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi e Bisaccia
Gianne Albertoni (born 1981), Brazilian actor and model
Ludovica Albertoni, Blessed (1473–1533), Roman Catholic professed member of the Third Order of Saint Francis
Marco Albertoni (born 1995), Italian football player
Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni (1623–1698), Italian Catholic Cardinal and Cardinal-Nephew to Pope Clement X
Paolo Albertoni, Italian painter of the late-Baroque period
Pietro Albertoni (1849–1933), Italian physiologist and politician
See also
Alberti (disambiguation)
Palazzo Albertoni Spinola, in the 10th District (Rione Campitelli), Rome, Italy
Edmund Charles Fox Strudwick (born March 25, 1802) at Long Meadows, north of Hillsborough, in Orange County, North Carolina. They eventually designed the first building at Dorothea Dix mental hospital (then called the State Hospital for the Insane) in 1848, where they also are chosen as the first "Physician and Superintendent," a temporary position they held until 1853. They were also instrumental in the founding of the medical school at the University of North Carolina, and was elected the North Carolina Medical Society's first president April 17, 1849.
Their early education was at Hillsborough's Bingham School. After their father, William Strudwick, died in 1810, Dr. James Webb became their guardian. Strudwick was listed as a "transient member" of the Dialectic Society of the University of North Carolina in 1823, and graduated as a doctor of medicine from the University of Pennsylvania in 1824. After graduation, they served for two years as a resident physician at the Philadelphia Almshouse and Hospital.
They returned to Hillsborough, North Carolina, in 1826 or 1827, and in 1828, married Ann E. Nash, with whom they had five children with (two of them—daughters—died in infancy). One of the children was Frederick N. Strudwick (1833-1890) who was the leader of the Orange County Ku Klux Klan and wrote the articles of impeachment for North Carolina's first republican Governor William W. Holden (1818-1892) who was elected with the aid of the Freeman vote. In the 1860s, Edmund Strudwick was the doctor for the Hillsborough Military Academy in Hillsborough, and also cared for soldiers wounded in the Civil War at their home nearby. They also are an elder in Hillsborough's Presbyterian Church.
They died at age 77 on November 29, 1879, from an accidental ingestion of atropine.  They are buried in the Hillsborough Old Town Cemetery.
References
Edmund Strudwick: Surgeon. North Carolina booklet 15, July 1915.
The Strudwicks—Family of Artists. Durham Morning Herald, (Durham, N.C.), March 26, 1950.
University of North Carolina. Catalogue of the Members of the Dialectic Society, Instituted in the University of North Carolina, June 3, 1795. Raleigh: The Office of the Weekly Post.
Kelly, Howard A. A Cyclopedia of American Medical Biography. Volume II. Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders Company, 1912.
1802 births
People from Hillsborough, North Carolina
Physicians from North Carolina
People of North Carolina in the American Civil War
1879 deaths
North Salinas High School is a public high school established in Salinas, California. It is one of five primary high schools of the Salinas Union High School District. The school was founded in 1959 as the second high school in the system to relieve overcrowding at the original high school in Salinas, Salinas High School.
Students at North Salinas usually come from Harden Middle School, Washington Middle School, and Gavilan View Middle School.
Notable alumni
Dustin Lance Black, screenwriter, 2008 Academy Award for Milk
Alvin Harrison, twin of Calvin, 1996 gold medal in Olympic 4x400 relay; 2000 silver medal in 400 metres, 2000 gold medal in 4x400 relay, later disqualified due to drug violation by a teammate; afterward competed for the Dominican Republic
Calvin Harrison, twin of Alvin, national high school record 400m, 2000 gold medal in Olympic 4x400 relay, later disqualified due to drug violation by a teammate
Del Rodgers, of San Francisco 49ers; Super Bowl champions
Carl Nicks, New Orleans Saints Pro Bowl guard and Super Bowl XLIV champion
Ramiro Corrales, Major League Soccer player
Monica Abbott, pro softball player, participated in 2008 Beijing Olympics with Team USA
Bryiana Noelle, Playboy Playmate, Miss September 2013
Kassim Osgood, San Diego Chargers wide receiver
Anthony Toney, of Philadelphia Eagles
References
High schools in Monterey County, California
Public high schools in California
1959 establishments in California
Doris Elinor Day ( Philips; 3 August 1872 – 30 August 1966) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. They were born in Abbeycwmhir, Powys, Great Britain and died in East London, South Africa. Day competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 16th place in the event with 483 points.
Day was Welsh and their husband was a priest of the Church of England named Ernest Hermitage Day (1866 – 1946).
References
Bibliography
Doris E. Day's profile at Sports Reference.com
1872 births
1966 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Welsh female archers
People from Powys
British emigrants to South Africa
Billy Falcon (born July 13, 1956) is an American musician, composer and music producer. They released rock albums throughout the late 1970s and 1980s, as well as appearing on The Way International's "High Country Caravan".  They are currently active in the Nashville, Tennessee area with the band The Sowing Circle.
Career
They signed their first record contract with a major label at age 18. Falcon, a prolific writer, considers themselves a "reporter" of their life experiences in lyrics and melodies.
Pretty Blue World, released in 1991, produced Falcon's highest-charting single, "Power Windows", which broke into the Top 40. The same album contains "Heaven's Highest Hill", which articulates the pain of having to tell their three-year-old daughter that their mother had died, echoing the true-life event of the loss of their wife Myla to breast cancer.
They signed a deal with Mercury Records after Jon Bon Jovi contacted them about working together in the early 1990s. Falcon has co-written over thirty songs on several Bon Jovi albums. "Give in to Me", co-written with Falcon's daughter Rose and Elisha Hoffman, is featured in the Sony Pictures film Country Strong and performed by Faith Hill on the film's soundtrack. Other songs they have written have been covered by Stevie Nicks, Cher, Manfred Mann, Sherrie Austin, Meat Loaf and Trace Adkins. Over their career, Falcon has released more than a dozen albums.
Falcon has lived in Nashville for the past 19 years. Over the past four years, they have performed with the band The Sowing Circle and continues to write, perform, record and produce albums for artists, including their daughter.
Discography
Albums
1977 Billy Falcon's Burning Rose
1979 Billy Falcon (aka Improper Attire)
1979 Priceless EP (as Billy Falcon Group)
1980 Falcon Around
1983 School of Hard Knocks EP (as Billy & Myla)
1986 Spark in the Dark
1988 Haunted Guitar
1991 Pretty Blue World
1994 Letters From A Paper Ship
2003 Songs About Girls
2004 Released (recorded in 1995)
2006 Made Man
2011 WHEN
2018 Holy Fire
Singles
Songwriting credits
Stevie Nicks
Timespace: The Best of Stevie Nicks (1991)
"Sometimes It's a Bitch" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
Bon Jovi
Crush (2000)
"Just Older" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Mystery Train" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Say It Isn't So" [Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"I Could Make a Living Out of Lovin' You" [Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Billy Falcon]
Bounce (2002)
"Bounce" [Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Billy Falcon]
"Undivided [Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Billy Falcon]
100,000,000 Bon Jovi Fans Can't Be Wrong (2004)
"These Arms Are Open All Night" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Kidnap an Angel" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Another Reason to Believe" [Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Billy Falcon, J. Steele]
"Last Man Standing" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
Have a Nice Day (2005)
"Last Man Standing" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Story of My Life" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Complicated" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon, Max Martin]
Lost Highway (2007)
"Everybody's Broken [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"I Love This Town" [Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora; Billy Falcon]
The Circle (2009)
"When We Were Beautiful" [Billy Falcon Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora]
"Superman Tonight" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
"Love's the Only Rule" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
What About Now (2013)
"Because We Can" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora]
"Amen" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
"That's What the Water Made Me" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
"What's Left of Me" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora]
"Beautiful World" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
"With These Two Hands" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
"Into the Echo" [Billy Falcon, Jon Bon Jovi]
Burning Bridges (2015)
"A Teardrop to the Sea" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Who Would You Die For" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Fingerprints" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Life Is Beautiful" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
This House Is Not for Sale (2016)
"This House Is Not for Sale" [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
"Labor of Love" [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
"Born Again Tomorrow" [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
"New Year's Day" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"The Devil's in the Temple" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"Scars on This Guitar" [Jon Bon Jovi, Brett James, Billy Falcon]
"Real Love" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
"I Will Drive You Home" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon, Luke Laird]
"Touch of Grey" [Jon Bon Jovi, Brett James, Billy Falcon]
"Color Me In" [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
Bon Jovi 2020
Shine [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
Limitless [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
Luv Can [Jon Bon Jovi, Billy Falcon]
Beautiful Drug [Jon Bon Jovi, John Shanks, Billy Falcon]
Faith Hill
Country Strong: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (2010)
"Give in to Me" [Billy & Rose Falcon, Elisha Hoffman]
Meat Loaf
Hang Cool Teddy Bear (2010)
"Elvis in Vegas" [Billy Falcon, Desmond Child, Jon Bon Jovi]
See also
Rose Falcon
References
External links
Official Site
1956 births
Living people
American rock singers
American rock songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Mercury Records artists
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Angelochori () is a village in the municipal unit of Michaniona, in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.
Cape Megalo Embolo (Μεγάλο έμβολο) or Karaburnu (Καραμπουρνού), the ancient Aeneium, is its northwesternmost tip.
Populated places in Thessaloniki (regional unit)
Gregg O. McCrary (born September 10, 1945) is a former FBI agent who served from 1969 to 1995, an expert witness and consultant, an author and an adjunct forensic psychology professor at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, and at Marymount University in Arlington, Virginia. McCrary was a contributing author to the 1992 Crime Classification Manual.
Career
In 2003, they published The Unknown Darkness, a book detailing those cases which they found most important. During their tenure with the FBI, McCrary was a criminal profiler and threat analyst in Quantico, Virginia. They were a member of the "Criminal Investigative Analysis" subunit of the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime (NCAVC), serving the center from its foundation in 1985. Since retiring from the FBI, McCrary has served as an expert witness.
British author Colin Wilson dedicated their 1990 book The Serial Killers to Agent McCrary.
References
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
Living people
Offender profiling
1945 births
Nova Southeastern University faculty
American criminologists
Marymount University alumni
Marymount University faculty
Charles de Larcy (Charles Jubert, Baron De Larcy) (20 August 1805 in Le Vigan, Gard – 6 October 1882 in Pierrelatte) was a French Legitimist politician. They served as Minister of Transport from 19 February 1871 – 7 December 1872 and 26 November 1873 – 22 May 1874.
References
1805 births
1882 deaths
People from Le Vigan, Gard
Politicians from Occitania (administrative region)
Legitimists
Transport ministers of France
Members of the 5th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 6th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 1848 Constituent Assembly
Members of the National Legislative Assembly of the French Second Republic
Members of the National Assembly (1871)
French life senators
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship () is the ministry in charge of the foreign policy of Costa Rica, including the management of diplomatic missions around the world and their personnel.
Its lead titleholder is called the Chancellor () of the country, a position currently held since January 2020 by Rodolfo Solano Quirós. There is a Vice Minister of Bilateral Affairs and International Cooperation (currently: Adriana Bolaños Argueta) and a Vice Minister for Multilateral Affairs (currently: Christian Guillermet-Fernández)
History
The office was first created on 9 April 1844 as the "Ministry of Government and Police, Internal and Foreign Affairs" with José María Castro Madriz at its helm. On 10 February 1847 it was reorganized as the "Ministry of Internal, Foreign Affairs, Government, Justice and Ecclesiastical Affairs". The then office of Ecclesiastical Affairs was in charge of the foreign affairs related to the Holy See, and today it refers to the "Worship" in the current name of the ministry.
In 1920 the ministry moves to the current location, the Yellow House (), a building donated by Andrew Carnegie.
In 1948 it acquires its current name due to the reorganization of the Founding Junta of the Second Republic.
Functions
According to Law No. 3008 of 18 July 1962, the function of the Ministry is to collaborate with the President of the Republic, under the direction of the Minister appointed for this purpose, in the systematized formulation of the country's foreign policy, in the orientation of its international relations and in the safeguarding of national sovereignty. It is the means by which the Republic of Costa Rica carries out all its negotiations with foreign governments and institutions.
The Ministry has, among other objectives:
Coordinate internal interests, visions and needs and develop a comprehensive and articulated foreign policy.
Provide advice to the President of the Republic and other institutions of the Executive branch of the government on the conduct of international relations, in order to successfully handle representation and external negotiations at the economic, political, legal and technical assistance levels.
Guarantee the satisfaction of the fundamental needs of existence, security and prosperity of the Republic of Costa Rica and its nationals.
Effectively protect the interests of the country and its nationals abroad.
Promote and represent the interests of the Republic of Costa Rica.
Promote the country in various instances of the international arena, in order to encourage commercial exchange, and attract investment, tourism and international cooperation.
Maintain the best image of Costa Rica at the international level, seeking to defend the principles of international law and international treaties in force in the country.
See also
List of diplomatic missions in Costa Rica
Foreign relations of Costa Rica
References
Foreign Affairs and Worship
Foreign relations of Costa Rica
Costa Rica
1844 establishments in Costa Rica
Organizations established in 1844
Government agencies established in the 1840s
1844 in politics
The Zeb Edmiston House is a historic house in Cane Hill, Arkansas. It is a single-story wood-frame structure, with a side gable roof, weatherboard siding, and a stone foundation. An ell extends to the rear from the center, and a gable-roofed portico extends over the front entry, supported by decorative classically inspired posts mounted on paneled pedestals. The house, built in 1872, harkened back to the Greek Revival which was popular before the American Civil War. It was built by a local business person from the prominent Edmiston family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was purchased by Historic Cane Hill, Inc., a non-profit seeking to restore historic and cultural sites in Cane Hill, in July 2015. The property has since been restored. It has historically been subject to inundation by Jordan Creek, which crosses the back of the property, during major rain events. The entire property is located within the 100-year floodplain, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Greek Revival houses in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1872
Houses in Washington County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Arkansas
1872 establishments in Arkansas
Magnolia station is a historic railway station located at 101 E. Railroad Avenue, in Magnolia, Mississippi. The depot was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as The Depot and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2006.
Description
In 1893, a fire destroyed Magnolia's railway depot that was constructed in 1856. Between 1893 and 1895, the present structure was built on the same site, next to the Illinois Central Railroad.
The depot is a one-story, wood-frame building with a rectangular floor plan. It was designed to accommodate both freight and passengers at the turn of the 20th century, when Magnolia served as a resort destination. The depot has a gable roof design with wide eaves. The track side of the building was designed with irregular placement of sash windows, a bay window, single entrance doors, and freight doors. The opposite side of the building had single entrance doors and sash windows.
Restoration
By 1982, the building was used as an antique store and no longer served as a railway station. During the first decade of the 21st century, the City of Magnolia acquired the property for use as a city hall. Because of the structure's age and deterioration of the foundation, complete exterior restoration was required, but the original windows and siding were retained for historical integrity. New exterior doors were installed, and the freight doors were removed and were replaced with windows. For the interior, original doors, wood flooring, and beadboard walls were retained and restored. Renovation also included new plumbing and electrical wiring.
Grants for restoration were provided by Mississippi Department of Archives and History and the Mississippi Department of Transportation. Restoration was completed in 2011. The structure serves as Magnolia's City Hall.
References
Mississippi Landmarks
National Register of Historic Places in Pike County, Mississippi
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Former Illinois Central Railroad stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1895
Repurposed railway stations in the United States
Transportation in Pike County, Mississippi
Former railway stations in Mississippi
Aleksandr Vasilyevich Solop (; born 23 June 1971) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet First League in 1991 for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Honours
Soviet Cup finalist: 1992.
References
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C. players
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. players
Maccabi Netanya F.C. players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
1971 births
Living people
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC Slavyansk Slavyansk-na-Kubani players
Association football defenders
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
Thomas Caverhill Jerdon publishes the first volume of The Birds of India.
François Victor Massena, 3rd Duke of Rivoli, Alberto della Marmora and Alfred Moquin-Tandon die.
American ornithologist Greene Smith founds the Greene Smith Museum
Birds described in 1863 include black-throated munia, Amur falcon, Buru monarch, nuthatch vanga, red-tailed wheatear,
Heinrich Agathon Bernstein discovers the Waigeo home of Wilson's bird-of-paradise.
Alfred Russel Wallace publishes The Naturalist on the River Amazons
Gustav Radde Reisen im Süden von Ost-Sibirien in den Jahren 1855-59 (Travels in the south of eastern Siberia during the years 1855–59) published 1862–1863
Ongoing events
John Gould The birds of Australia; Supplement 1851–69. 1 vol. 81 plates; Artists: J. Gould and H. C. Richter; Lithographer: H. C. Richter
John Gould The birds of Asia; 1850-83 7 vols. 530 plates, Artists: J. Gould, H. C. Richter, W. Hart and J. Wolf; Lithographers:H. C. Richter and W. Hart
The Ibis
References
Bird
Birding and ornithology by year
The 2004 United States elections were held on November 2. Republican President George W. Bush won re-election and Republicans retained control of Congress.
Democratic Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts won their party's nomination after defeating Senator John Edwards and several other candidates in the 2004 Democratic presidential primaries. In the general election, Bush won 286 of the 538 electoral votes and 50.7 percent of the popular vote. Foreign policy was the dominant theme throughout the election campaign, particularly Bush's conduct of the War on Terrorism and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Riding Bush's coattails, the Republicans picked up net gains of four Senate seats and three House seats. In the gubernatorial elections, neither party won a net gain of seats. Bush became the first President since Ronald Reagan in 1980 to see their party gain seats in both Houses of Congress during a Presidential election year and was the first incumbent Republican president to see their party gain seats in Congress in back to back elections since Teddy Roosevelt.
As of 2020, this is the last time the incumbent party retained control over the presidency and Congress after a single term. It is the only election cycle since 1928 in which a Republican trifecta was successfully maintained.
Federal elections
President
Republican incumbent President George W. Bush was re-elected, defeating Democratic Senator John Kerry from Massachusetts.
United States Senate
The 34 seats in the United States Senate Class 3 were up for election. Republicans had a net gain of 4 seats.
United States House of Representatives
Republicans gained a couple of seats in the House, mainly due to the 2003 Texas redistricting. Republicans won the national popular vote for the House of Representatives by a margin of 2.6 percentage points.
State elections
Governors
Eleven of the fifty United States governors were up for re-election, as were the governorships of two U.S. territories. The final results were a net change of zero between the political parties. The Democrats picked up the governorships in Montana and New Hampshire, but the Republicans picked up the ones in Indiana and Missouri.
Other statewide elections
In many states where if the following positions were elective offices, voters cast votes for candidates for state executive branch offices of Lieutenant Governor (though some were voted for on the same ticket as the gubernatorial nominee), Secretary of state, state Treasurer, state Auditor, state Attorney General, state Superintendent of Education, Commissioners of Insurance, Agriculture or, Labor, etc.) and state judicial branch offices (seats on state Supreme Courts and, in some states, state appellate courts).
State legislative elections
Many states across the nation held elections for their state legislatures.
Democrats took control of seven legislative chambers and had a quasi-victory by gaining ties in both the Iowa Senate and Montana House — both controlled by the GOP before the election. The Democrats also regained the title of holding the most seats although their margin is a tiny fraction of 1 percent — a mere one seat at press time. Republicans won four legislative chambers. As 2005 sessions were gaveled to order, Republicans controlled 20 legislatures, Democrats held 19, and 10 were split with neither party having both legislative chambers. Nebraska is not only a unicameral legislature but also nonpartisan. Before the election, the breakdown was 21 Republican legislatures, 17 Democratic and 11 splits.
Initiatives and referenda
State constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana bans same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah bans both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples.
Local elections
Mayoral elections
Some of the major American cities that held their mayoral elections in 2004 included:
Chesapeake – Dalton S. Edge won an open seat race to succeed outgoing Mayor William E. Ward.
Jersey City- In a special election triggered due to the passing of Glenn Cunningham (D), attorney Jerramiah Healy (D) defeated General Assemblyman Louis Manzo (D) and Acting Mayor L. Harvey Smith (D) to serve the rest of the unexpired term.
San Diego – Incumbent Mayor Dick Murphy (R) was re-elected, but resigned five months later.
Notes
References
Further reading
Ceaser, James W. and Andrew E. Busch. Red Over Blue: The 2004 Elections and American Politics (2005), narrative history.
Greene, John C. and Mark J. Rozell, eds. The Values Campaign?: The Christian Right and the 2004 Elections (2006).
Sabato, Larry J. Divided States of America: The Slash And Burn Politics of the 2004 Presidential Election (2005).
Stempel III, Guido H. and Thomas K. Hargrove, eds. The 21st-Century Voter: Who Votes, How They Vote, and Why They Vote (2 vol. 2015).
External links
United States Election 2004 Web Archive from the U.S. Library of Congress
2004
The Bridges Act 1702 (1 Anne c 12) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
Section 2 ceased to have effect by virtue of section 311 of, and Schedule 23 to, the Highways Act 1959.
The whole Act was repealed by section 312(2) of, and Schedule 25 to, the Highways Act 1959, subject to section 42(1) of that Act.
The repeal effected by section 312(2) of the Highways Act 1959 was extended to the whole of Greater London by section 16(2) of, and paragraph 70 of Schedule 6 to, the London Government Act 1963.
See also
Bridges Act
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1702 in law
1702 in England
Bridges in England
Bilateral relations exist between Armenia and Iran. Despite religious and ideological differences, relations between the two states remain extensively cordial and both are strategic partners in the region. Armenia and Iran are both neighbouring countries in Western Asia and likewise share a common land border that is in length.
The two nations share their history and culture to a large extent due to their directly interactive relationship going back for thousands of years, starting with the ancient Median Empire. The territory of the modern-day state of Armenia was a part of Qajar Iran until 1828, when it was forcefully ceded to the neighbouring Russian Empire as a consequence of Iran's defeat in the Russo-Persian War of 1826–1828 and the resulting Treaty of Turkmenchay. In the present-day, there are no territorial disputes between the two countries and the Armenian minority in Iran, amongst the largest and oldest communities in the world, enjoys official recognition by the Iranian state. Of special importance is the bilateral cooperation in the field of energy security, which lowers Armenia's dependence on Russia and may also open up a route for Iran to supply oil and natural gas to Europe through Georgia and the Black Sea in the absence of international sanctions.
Stepan Safarian of the Armenian Center for National and International Studies has commented on the Armenia–Iran relationship, stating: "Given this geopolitical environment, Armenia has the legitimate right to cooperate with Iran for ensuring its security... Besides, Armenia has an energy surplus and its only major export market at present is Iran... So there is also a lot of economic interest involved."
Due to the two nations' intertwined history, and with the Armenians having a native presence in what is present-day northwestern Iran for millennia, many of the oldest Armenian churches and monasteries are located within Iran, such as the Saint Stepanos Monastery and Saint Thaddeus Monastery, amongst others. Armenia and Iran also share extensive touristic and trade ties.
Context
Brief history
Iran and Armenia have been in close contact for thousands of years. Since Antiquity there has always been much interaction between Ancient Armenia and Persia (Iran). The Armenian people are amongst the native ethnic groups of northwestern Iran (known as Iranian Azerbaijan), having millennia long recorded history there while the region (or parts of it) have had made up part of historical Armenia numerous times in history. These historical Armenian regions that nowadays includes Iranian Azerbaijan are Nor Shirakan, Vaspurakan, and Paytakaran. Many of the oldest Armenian chapels, monasteries and churches in the world are located within this region of Iran.
Armenia was conquered by the Persian Empire numerous times throughout history, particularly by the Median, Achaemenid, Parthian, and Sassanid empires, and the Safavid, Afsharid, and Qajar dynasties. Due to the large cultural and historical ties, Armenia is often considered part of Greater Iran. Armenia and Iran enjoy cultural and historical ties that go back thousands of years.
On the Behistun inscription of 515 BC, Darius the Great indirectly confirmed that Urartu and Armenia are synonymous when describing their conquests. Armenia became a satrap of the Persian Empire for a long period of time. Regardless, relations between Armenians and Persians were cordial.
The cultural links between the Armenians and the Persians can be traced back to Zoroastrian times. Prior to the 3rd century AD, no other neighbor had as much influence on Armenian life and culture as Parthia. They shared many religious and cultural characteristics, and intermarriage among Parthian and Armenian nobility was common. For twelve more centuries, Armenia was under the direct or indirect rule of the Persians.
What is now modern day Armenia was relatively recently separated from Iran by the Russian victory in the Russo-Persian War (1826-1828). This loss in the 1826–1828 Russo-Iranian War in the first half of the 19th century made Iran irrevocably cede its Armenian territories (amongst other territories), which made part of the concept of Iran for centuries, to Imperial Russia as confirmed in the Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828. Following the incorporation by Russia, Armenia stayed within the Russian sphere until the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Nagorno-Karabakh War (1992)
New peace mediation efforts were initiated by the Iranian President, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani in the first half of 1992, after the events in Khojaly and the resignation of Azeri President Ayaz Mutallibov. By conducting shuttle diplomacy in Armenia and Azerbaijan for several weeks, Iranian diplomats were able to bring new President of Azerbaijan Yaqub Mammadov and President of Armenia Levon Ter-Petrosian to Tehran for bilateral talks on 7 May 1992. The Tehran Communiqué was signed by Mammadov, Ter-Petrosian, and Rafsanjani following the agreement of the parties to international legal norms, stability of borders and to deal with the refugee crisis. However, the peace efforts were disrupted on the next day when Armenian troops captured the town of Shusha and failed following the capture of the town Lachin on 18 May.
While Iran had tried to keep the peace between two countries, Azerbaijani leadership had accused Iran for its tacit backup to Armenia, resulting in tensions between Azerbaijan and Iran, and boosting the ties between Armenia and Iran.
Post 1992
In 1994, Armenia shot down an Iranian military plane. Armenia sent a delegation to Iran to apologize. The incident did not prevent the two countries from signing trade deals.
Amid the ongoing Azerbaijan-Armenia border crisis, the Iranian Foreign Minister has reiterated in September 2022 that the Iran-Armenia border must remain unchanged.
High-level visits
Trade
Especially important is the cooperation in the field of energy security, as the pipeline that brings Iranian natural gas into Armenia has been completed many years ago. Additionally, the two states have also implemented other multimillion-dollar energy projects, which include the construction of two hydro-electric plants on the Arax River that marks the Armenian-Iranian border, and a third high-voltage transmission line linking their power grids and dams.
In July 2007, a memorandum was signed on the start of feasibility studies on the ideas of building an Armenian-Iranian railway and a Russian-owned oil refinery that would process Iranian crude. In addition, the Armenian and Iranian governments have been working on a bilateral free trade agreement that could be signed by the end of 2007.
Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been quoted as saying "The Islamic Republic of Iran welcomes and supports the development of ties with Armenia in various areas, particularly in energy as well as transportation, sports, and tourism."
Trade relations continue to be strong, as trade volume between the two countries increased to US$200 million in 2009, and to US$300 million by 2014.
In 2014, the Iranian and Armenian energy ministers agreed on the construction of a new power transmission line from Armenia to Iran in line with the two country's efforts to boost energy ties.
In June 2015, both nations agreed to start building the 3rd power transmission line. It will be completed in 2018. Once the project comes on steam, it will almost triple electricity exchange between the two neighbouring countries.
In January 23, 2021, Iran and Armenia signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to expand trading relations between the two countries. The MOU was signed by the Armenian Economy Minister Vahan Kerobyan and the Iranian Industry, Mining and Trade Minister Alireza Razm Hosseini, in Tehran. Accordingly, sectors such as the mining industry, foodstuff, and home appliances are in the main focus that provide ways for the two countries to establish mutual cooperation.
Tourism
Armenia and Iran share extensive touristic ties. About 35,000 Iranian tourists visited Armenia in the first half of 2014, of a total of 495,967 tourists that had come to Armenia in the first half of 2014. This showed an increase of 17.3% compared to the same period last year. In 2014, Iran ranked 4th in the largest number of tourists that visit Armenia, behind Russia (44% of the total number of tourists), Georgia (28%), and the EU (Germany, France, Italy and Scandinavia). As of 2014, Iranian tourists amounted up to 7% of the total number of foreign tourists visiting Armenia.
The number of Iranian tourists visiting Armenia had been steadily on the rise for years, and the two nations have already unveiled plans to sign a memorandum on cooperation in the field of tourism.
– Head of the Department of Tourism at Armenia's Ministry of Economy Mekhak Apresyan, July 2014.
Cultural ties
Iranian Parthian and Persian had a massive lexical and vocabulary impact on the Armenian language. In fact, when linguists tried to classify Armenian in the late 19th century, they (erroneously) classified it as an Iranian language.
Due to the very long shared intertwined histories, many of the oldest Armenian chapels, monasteries and churches in the world can be found within modern-day Iran. Some of these are the Saint Stepanos Monastery, the St. Thaddeus Monastery, amongst others.
Iran's cultural attaché to Armenia, Reza Atufi, has announced that the two countries have reached a preliminary agreement to make a joint television series. They said that the joint venture would portray the social and cultural life of Iran and Armenia and expand cinematic ties between the two countries.
Several of Iran's millennia to century old Armenian monasteries and churches in the nation have been inscribed for several years now (since 2008) in the UNESCO world heritage list, under the name of the "Armenian Monastic Ensemble of Iran".
Iranian-Armenians
The Armenian diaspora in Iran is one of the biggest and oldest Armenian communities in the world, as well as the largest in the Middle East. Although Armenians have a long history of interaction and intertwined socio-cultural record with Persia/Iran, Iran's Armenian community emerged when Shah Abbas relocated hundreds of thousands of Armenians from Nakhichevan, at that time on the frontier with the rivalling neighboring Ottoman Empire, to an area of Isfahan called New Julfa in the early 17th century, which was created to become an Armenian quarter. Iran quickly recognized the Armenians' dexterity in commerce. The community became active in the cultural and economic development of Iran.
The remaining Armenian minority in the Islamic Republic of Iran is still the largest Christian community in the country, ahead of the Assyrians. The Armenians remain the most powerful religious minority in Iran. They are appointed two seats in Iranian Parliament (the most within the Religious minority branch) and are the only minority with official Observing Status in the Guardian and Expediency Discernment Councils. Today in Iran there are about 150,000 – 300,000 Armenians left, half of which live in the Tehran area. A quarter live in Isfahan, and the other quarter is concentrated in Northwestern Iran or Iranian Azerbaijan. The majority of Armenians live in the suburbs of Tehran, most notably Narmak, Majidiyeh, Nadershah, etc.
See also
Persian Armenia
Treaty of Turkmenchay
Erivan khanate
Abbas Mirza Mosque, Yerevan
List of ambassadors of Iran to Armenia
References
Sources
External links
Embassy of Armenia to Iran
Embassy of Iran to Armenia
ARMENIA AND IRAN iv. History, discussion, and the presentation of Iranian influences in Armenian Language over the millennia
Series of several large articles that cover thousands of years of Iranian-Armenian relations in pre-modern times
ARMENIA AND IRAN vi. Armeno-Iranian relations in the Islamic period
Bilateral relations of Iran
Iran
Blockage discount is an art-business-related and legal term of art for referring to the money discount assigned to a group of artworks by a single artist when that group of works is to be released to market as a group rather than individually. A blockage discount adjusts the fair market value of the works downward because of the risks of depreciation when a large volume of art is released into the market all at once.
Tax issues
A blockage discount adjusting fair market value also affects the tax consequences of a sale in the U.S., and is frequently a subject of litigation when an artist dies while holding a large collection of them or their own work. For instance, when Georgia O'Keeffe died they had over 400 of their own works in their estate, and when Andy Warhol died they had over 90,000 works, including 4,100 paintings, 9,000 drawings, 19,000 prints and 63,000 photographs. In Georgia O'Keeffe's case, their estate's appraisers established blockage discounts based on solid evidence of market sales, but the IRS used its own valuation and the Tax Court assessed a resulting tax of more than the valuation of the collected works at their death. In Andy Warhol's case Surrogate Court of New York rejected the proposed discounts of Christie's, which averaged 60%. Instead, the court applied an average discount of 25%. The court failed to articulate the specific rationale for its determination, but did state that Warhol was more famous than Smith & O'Keeffe. The court's application of an average discount of 25% has been criticized by attorneys and appraisers because, inter alia, it ignored the necessary time it would take to sell 90,000 pieces of art. Therefore, accountants and estate planners for artists plan with such eventualities in mind.
The IRS has stated that carrying costs and opportunity costs are relevant factors for consideration in blockage discounts, along with time to market.
See also
Art finance
Art market
Art valuation
Art world economics
Art work
Estate planning
Tax law
References
External resources
Wadler, The Heirs of George Grosz Battle Their Dealer's Ghost; A Protracted Lawsuit Outlives Its Target, But Not Its Anger, The New York Times, August 27, 2001.
Business of visual arts
BRUIE (Buoyant Rover for Under-Ice Exploration) is an autonomous underwater vehicle prototype by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. The prototype began underwater testing in 2012 and it is meant to eventually explore the interior of water worlds in the Solar System, such as Europa or Enceladus.
Overview
On Earth, aquatic life is often found at the ice-water interface, so researchers designed the robotic rover to be buoyant and use its two wheels ( each) to roll along beneath the ice and look for life or their biosignatures. Scientists can also learn a lot from the topography of the underside of the ice, including how the ice forms. And the ice can act as a trap for gases, either from biological or geological processes.
The first BRUIE prototype began testing in 2012 in an Arctic lake in Alaska, and in Antarctica in 2019. The principal investigator is Andy Klesh at JPL; the co-investigators are Kevin Hand, Dan Berisford, John Leichty and Josh Schoolcraft. Astrobiologist Kevin Hand at JPL is the lead scientist.
Description
The rover resembles a bar long, with two large studded wheels at each end. BRUIE features cameras, lights, and eventually it will be equipped with wireless communication to remotely navigate autonomously without a tether. It can also carry some scientific instruments, which would be incorporated later if preliminary testing goes well.
BRUIE uses buoyancy to remain anchored against the ice and resist water currents. The sealed air-filled cylindrical body, along with closed-cell foam inside of cone-shaped wheels, provides buoyancy force to enable roving along the underside of the ice. In can safely power down to save battery, turning on only when it needs to take a measurement, so it could spend months observing the under-ice environment at time intervals.
Challenges
One obstacle facing aquatic vehicles like BRUIE is how to deliver it through the thick ice shell. On Europa, the ice sheet could be up to thick. One preliminary concept for delivering such vehicles through the ice shell is a nuclear-powered tunneling robot called Cryobot, proposed by German engineers. Heat from nuclear power would melt the ice and the penetrator would propel itself through the hole. Once through, the attached aquatic vehicle could be deployed to explore. The 2025 Europa Clipper orbiter will measure the ice shell thickness of Europa, which will help determine if a vehicle pair like BRUIE and Cryobot are a possible next step.
See also
References
External links
BRUIE: Buoyant Rover for Under Ice Exploration. Video at NASA (2016)
Proposed NASA space probes
Proposed astrobiology space missions
Europa (moon)
Robotic submarines
Planetary rovers
Nicholas James Mullen (born December 13, 1988) is an American stand-up comedian, podcaster, and comedy writer. Active since 2005, they are best known as the creator and co-host of the comedy podcast Cum Town and, in 2022, co-created its successor The Adam Friedland Show. Their comedy is ironic, observational and self-deprecating, and often focuses on internet culture.
Career
Originally from Montgomery County, Maryland, they began performing in the Washington-Baltimore Metropolitan Area as a teenager, often at Wiseacres Comedy Club in Virginia. Many of their comedic anecdotes draw from a string of service industry jobs they held at this time. During their early twenties, they were based out of Austin, Texas, (and briefly Los Angeles).
A nationally touring stand-up, they were an opener for acts including Dana Gould, Jim Norton, Patrice O'Neal, and Hannibal Burress. In 2010, they were named "Best of Fest" at the Laugh Detroit festival. In 2012, they performed at SXSW as part of the Made in Austin and Weekend Spotlight comedy showcases. That same year, they were named one of the New Faces Unrepped by Montreal's Just for Laughs festival. Other festivals include the 2014 Bentzen Ball in Washington, D.C.
From 2013 to 2015, they wrote a popular ironic parody blog under the name Nicole Mullen on Thought Catalog. The blog featured satirical articles with titles like "Read This If Your Child Was Eaten By A Pelican", "Wape Jokes Awen't Funny, And Neither Is My Speech Impediment", and "I'm Using Food Stamps To Pay For My Son's Sex Reassignment Surgery." They also had a prank call podcast called Help Me, I'm Old.
In the mid-2010s, Mullen moved to New York City. Prior to Cum Town, they had multiple TV and radio appearances. During the late 2010s, they were a recurring guest on the Real Ass Podcast, Race Wars (hosted by Kurt Metzger and Sherrod Smalls), and Legion of Skanks. Their writing credits include Comedy Knockout on TruTV (premiered 2016), Make Me Understand with Jim Norton (2016 IFC television pilot), and 2017's Problematic with Moshe Kasher (Comedy Central).
From 2016 until its end in 2022, Mullen was a co-host of the popular comedy podcast Cum Town. On June 29, 2022, Mullen and Adam Friedland released the first episode of The Adam Friedland Show, a successor to Cum Town, after co-host Stavros Halkias left the show. The show is hosted by Friedland and edited by Mullen.
Personal life
Mullen lives in Brooklyn, New York. They previously lived in Manhattan's Chinatown; some of their comic anecdotes draw from their experience living there.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
21st-century American comedians
American stand-up comedians
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American people of Irish descent
Data wrangling, sometimes referred to as data munging, is the process of transforming and mapping data from one "raw" data form into another format with the intent of making it more appropriate and valuable for a variety of downstream purposes such as analytics. The goal of data wrangling is to assure quality and useful data. Data analysts typically spend the majority of their time in the process of data wrangling compared to the actual analysis of the data.
The process of data wrangling may include further munging, data visualization, data aggregation, training a statistical model, as well as many other potential uses. Data wrangling typically follows a set of general steps which begin with extracting the data in a raw form from the data source, "munging" the raw data (e.g. sorting) or parsing the data into predefined data structures, and finally depositing the resulting content into a data sink for storage and future use.
Background
The "wrangler" non-technical term is often said to derive from work done by the United States Library of Congress's National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Program (NDIIPP) and their program partner the Emory University Libraries based MetaArchive Partnership. The term "mung" has roots in munging as described in the Jargon File. The term "data wrangler" was also suggested as the best analogy to describe someone working with data.
One of the first mentions of data wrangling in a scientific context was by Donald Cline during the NASA/NOAA Cold Lands Processes Experiment. Cline stated the data wranglers "coordinate the acquisition of the entire collection of the experiment data." Cline also specifies duties typically handled by a storage administrator for working with large amounts of data. This can occur in areas like major research projects and the making of films with a large amount of complex computer-generated imagery. In research, this involves both data transfer from research instrument to storage grid or storage facility and data manipulation for re-analysis via high-performance computing instruments or access via cyberinfrastructure-based digital libraries.
With the upcoming of artificial intelligence in data science it has become increasingly important for automation of data wrangling to have very strict checks and balances, which is why the munging process of data has not been automated by machine learning. Data munging requires more than just an automated solution, it requires knowledge of what information should be removed and artificial intelligence is not to the point of understanding such things.
Connection to data mining
Data wrangling is a superset of data mining and requires processes that some data mining uses, but not always. The process of data mining is to find patterns within large data sets, where data wrangling transforms data in order to deliver insights about that data. Even though data wrangling is a superset of data mining does not mean that data mining does not use it, there are many use cases for data wrangling in data mining. Data wrangling can benefit data mining by removing data that does not benefit the overall set, or is not formatted properly, which will yield better results for the overall data mining process.
An example of data mining that is closely related to data wrangling is ignoring data from a set that is not connected to the goal: say there is a data set related to the state of Texas and the goal is to get statistics on the residents of Houston, the data in the set related to the residents of Dallas is not useful to the overall set and can be removed before processing to improve the efficiency of the data mining process.
Benefits
With an increase of raw data comes an increase in the amount of data that is not inherently useful, this increases time spent on cleaning and organizing data before it can be analyzed which is where data wrangling comes into play. The result of data wrangling can provide important metadata statistics for further insights about the data, it is important to ensure metadata is consistent otherwise it can cause roadblocks. Data wrangling allows analysts to analyze more complex data more quickly, achieve more accurate results, and because of this better decisions can be made. Many businesses have moved to data wrangling because of the success that it has brought.
Core ideas
The main steps in data wrangling are as follows:
These steps are an iterative process that should yield a clean and usable data set that can then be used for analysis. This process is tedious but rewarding as it allows analysts to get the information they need out of a large set of data that would otherwise be unreadable.
The result of using the data wrangling process on this small data set shows a significantly easier data set to read. All names are now formatted the same way, {first name last name}, phone numbers are also formatted the same way {area code-XXX-XXXX}, dates are formatted numerically {YYYY-mm-dd}, and states are no longer abbreviated. The entry for Jacob Alan did not have fully formed data (the area code on the phone number is missing and the birth date had no year), so it was discarded from the data set. Now that the resulting data set is cleaned and readable, it is ready to be either deployed or evaluated.
Typical use
The data transformations are typically applied to distinct entities (e.g. fields, rows, columns, data values, etc.) within a data set, and could include such actions as extractions, parsing, joining, standardizing, augmenting, cleansing, consolidating, and filtering to create desired wrangling outputs that can be leveraged downstream.
The recipients could be individuals, such as data architects or data scientists who will investigate the data further, business users who will consume the data directly in reports, or systems that will further process the data and write it into targets such as data warehouses, data lakes, or downstream applications.
Modus operandi
Depending on the amount and format of the incoming data, data wrangling has traditionally been performed manually (e.g. via spreadsheets such as Excel), tools like KNIME or via scripts in languages such as Python or SQL. R, a language often used in data mining and statistical data analysis, is now also sometimes used for data wrangling. Data wranglers typically have skills sets within: R or Python, SQL, PHP, Scala, and more languages typically used for analyzing data.
Visual data wrangling systems were developed to make data wrangling accessible for non-programmers, and simpler for programmers. Some of these also include embedded AI recommenders and programming by example facilities to provide user assistance, and program synthesis techniques to autogenerate scalable dataflow code. Early prototypes of visual data wrangling tools include OpenRefine and the Stanford/Berkeley Wrangler research system; the latter evolved into Trifacta.
Other terms for these processes have included data franchising, data preparation, and data munging.
Example
Given a set of data that contains information on medical patients your goal is to find correlation for a disease. Before you can start iterating through the data ensure that you have an understanding of the result, are you looking for patients who have the disease? Are there other diseases that can be the cause? Once an understanding of the outcome is achieved then the data wrangling process can begin.
Start by determining the structure of the outcome, what is important to understand the disease diagnosis.
Once a final structure is determined, clean the data by removing any data points that are not helpful or are malformed, this could include patients that have not been diagnosed with any disease.
After cleaning look at the data again, is there anything that can be added to the data set that is already known that would benefit it? An example could be the most common diseases in the area, America and India are very different when it comes to most common diseases.
Now comes the validation step, determine validation rules for which data points need to be checked for validity, this could include date of birth or checking for specific diseases.
After the validation step the data should now be organized and prepared for either deployment or evaluation. This process can be beneficial for determining correlations for disease diagnosis as it will reduce the vast amount of data into something that can be easily analyzed for an accurate result.
See also
Alteryx
Data preparation
OpenRefine
Trifacta
References
External links
Computer occupations
Data mapping
William Lindsay Brandon (born c. 1801–1802 in Adams County, Mississippi; died October 8, 1890, in Wilkinson County, Mississippi) was a medical doctor, state legislator, planter and military officer best known for having served as a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Brandon was born c. 1801–1802, though their exact birthdate is indeterminate.
Brandon served with the Confederate States Army from 1861 until 1864. They fought in several major battles, such as the Battle of Malvern Hill, where they were greatly injured after a ball passed through their ankle. They also participated in the Yorktown siege of 1862, the Battle of Williamsburg and the campaigns of Chattanooga and Knoxville. Brandon was promoted to the rank of brigadier general in June 1864. From July 1864 until the end of the war, they served in such positions as the commander of the Reserve Corps of Mississippi and the head of the Confederate Bureau of Conscription.
In their postbellum life, they returned to their Wilkinson County plantation where they worked, despite physical injury and age, until their death on October 8, 1890. Upon their death, they were buried at their plantation.
Early life and education
William Lindsay Brandon was born to Irishman Gerard Brandon, a veteran of the American Revolution, in either 1801 or 1802 in Adams County, Mississippi. Brandon's exact birth date cannot be determined as their family records were destroyed in an 1831 fire. They settled in Wilkinson County, Mississippi near Pinckneyville in 1824. The following year, Brandon married Ann Davis. This union produced two children, however, both Davis and their children would soon die. Brandon was educated at Washington College (now Washington and Lee University) in Virginia, and the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) where they studied medicine. In their antebellum career, they became a planter, highly interested in horses and hunting. In 1826, Brandon served in the Mississippi State Legislature, around the same time that their brother Gerard Brandon was serving as the governor of Mississippi. In 1828, Brandon founded the Kelter Club, a gentlemen's club populated by propertied men from the Natchez area of Mississippi and from West Feliciana Parish in Louisiana. In 1833, Brandon married Ann Eliza Ratliff, having three sons, William, Lane William and Robert, all of whom later served in the Confederate States Army. A fourth son, Eugene, died at the age of two. Brandon enlisted for service in the Mexican–American War, and become a major general in the local militia. Because of their medicinal expertise, Brandon was consulted often by professionals in the field. When Brandon's wife died in 1840, they continued to take care of their plantation, as well as their own Arcole Plantation. By 1860, Brandon owned a considerable amount of property, including $14,000 in real estate and $64,000 in personal property, as well as 63 slaves and 16 slave quarters.
Military career
Despite their age of 59 or 60 at the time, Brandon was permitted to serve with the Confederate States Army in 1861 as lieutenant colonel of the 21st Mississippi Infantry Regiment and went to Virginia. In July 1861, Brandon contracted a cold, prompting them to take a leave from active service until the end of August. Their subordinates did not believe them fit for duty again and they did not receive an appointment to colonel. Brandon and their regiment were placed in the Confederate Army of the Potomac in Virginia. During the summer and fall of 1861, Brandon's unit was on duty in the northeastern part of the state. During the Yorktown siege, their regiment, along with other Confederate army units, were spread out across eastern Virginia between Culpeper, Fredericksburg, and Norfolk, forming the Warwick Line. Brandon's regiment would again see action in the Battle of Williamsburg, fought the day after the action at Yorktown.
During the Battle of Malvern Hill on 1 July 1862, Brandon's ankle joint was struck by a ball. As they fell, their hand hit a rolling shell which did not explode. Oblivious to their wounds, Brandon tried to rise again but they fell once more and remained on the field until men were able to pick them up and carry them to the rear. Because there was no visible bleeding, Brandon thought that their injuries were not serious but was taken on horse-back to a hospital. Initially, Brandon was offered whiskey which would have eased the pain, but they refused to drink it without water and sugar. They drank it only after being convinced it was necessary. Brandon's foot was removed after a torniquet was put in place. Brandon's arteries were then sewn in what was likely to be a very painful procedure, as there was not enough chloroform to produce a full anesthesia. To replace their amputated leg, their doctors gave them a wooden prosthetic leg. Because of Brandon's age, their doctors thought their chances of survival were slight. After coming to Richmond, they were tended to by friends and their servant. Confederate President Jefferson Davis even offered Brandon the hospitality of their mansion in the city.
Brandon later returned to active service, commanding their regiment through the Battle of Gettysburg. General William Barksdale was killed in the battle; Colonel Humphreys became brigadier general to replace him, and Brandon was in turn promoted to colonel. They went on to see action in the Chickamauga Campaign. In September 1863, after the Battle of Chickamauga, Brandon resigned from active duty. Because of their artificial leg, age and the recurrence of an ailment from 1862, they did not feel fit for military service at the time.
Later life
In June 1864, Brandon was promoted to brigadier general and sent to Mississippi where, on 23 July, they were given command of the Reserve Corps of Mississippi. They were later placed in charge of the Confederate Bureau of Conscription on 8 October 1864, where they worked to recruit men for the Confederate army. After the war, Brandon returned to their Arcole Plantation in Wilkinson County, where despite their age and physical disability, they worked until their death on October 8, 1890. Brandon was buried at their plantation.
Brandon's son Lane William Brandon eventually graduated from Harvard University. In service to the Confederate States Army, Lane achieved the rank of captain. They fought in several major battles including Chickamauga and Malvern Hill, where both they and their father were wounded. William R. Brandon, a physician, was wounded in the Battle of Gettysburg. Robert L. Brandon went on to attend Yale University.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Confederate)
Notes
References
1800s births
1890 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American amputees
American militia generals
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
American people of Irish descent
American planters
American slave owners
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
Members of the Mississippi Legislature
People from Adams County, Mississippi
People from Wilkinson County, Mississippi
People of Mississippi in the American Civil War
Physicians from Mississippi
Princeton University alumni
Washington and Lee University alumni
Lord Turnbull may refer to:
Andrew Turnbull, Baron Turnbull, English civil servant
Alan Turnbull, Lord Turnbull, Scottish judge
Natanael de Souza Santos Junior (25 December 1985), simply known as Júnior Santos, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as striker for Chapecoense. Júnior is from Mortugaba in the state of Bahia, Brazil.
Club career
Jeju United
On 9 February 2010, Júnior joined Jeju United. In their first season with the Jeju, Júnior scored 12 league goals and had four assists and added four goals and an assist in the Pillage Cup.
Wuhan Zall
On 12 February 2013, Wuhan Zall's owner Yan Zhi announced that Júnior will join their team for Chinese Super League season 2013. After playing 14 league matches without scoring, they transferred to K League 1 side Suwon Samsung Bluewings on 13 July 2013.
Career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Jeju United FC players
Wuhan F.C. players
Suwon Samsung Bluewings players
K League 1 players
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Chinese Super League players
Association football forwards
Lerner Publishing Group, based in Minneapolis in the U.S. state of Minnesota since its founding in 1959, is one of the largest independently owned children's book publishers in the United States. With more than 5,000 titles in print, Lerner Publishing Group offers nonfiction and fiction books for grades K-12.
History
Lerner was founded in 1959 by Harry Lerner. The company started as a one-room office in the old Lumber Exchange Building in downtown Minneapolis. Lerner's sister-in-law, Marguerite Rush Lerner, M.D., asked them to publish their stories about childhood diseases. These became the Medical Books for Children series (1959). The company has expanded to encompass four offices: the main Lerner building, Lerner Distribution Center, and Muscle Bound Bindery, all located in Minneapolis, and a New York office located in the Empire State Building. In 1963, Lerner was the first publisher to print original art featuring multi-racial children, and has continued a tradition of innovation.
Imprints
Lerner Publications
Lerner Publications is intended for K-5 students, publishing 130 books annually in photo-driven series for schools and libraries.
Millbrook Press
Millbrook was a Connecticut-based publisher founded in 1989 by the French publisher Groupe de la Cite. Millbrook was sold to a group led by management in 1994. Lerner acquired Millbrook Press in 2004. Millbrook publishes under three sub-imprints: Millbrook, Copper Beech, and Twenty-First Century. Millbrook prints books for both the consumer and school markets. Millbrook's trade imprint, Roaring Brook Press, was sold separately to Holtzbrinck Publishers.
Carolrhoda Books
Carolrhoda Books was begun in 1969, named after Carolrhoda Locketz, a close friend of Sharon Lerner who died after serving in the Peace Corps. Carolrhoda publishes about 20 titles annually: picture books, fiction, and single-title nonfiction for trade and library editions.
Graphic Universe
Graphic Universe was launched in 2006 and prints books in graphic novel format. The imprint has two main series: Twisted Journeys and Graphic Myths and Legends. The imprint is notable for using well-known artists from the comic book genre.
Twenty-First Century Books
Twenty-First Century Books was acquired along with Millbrook Press in 2004. This imprint focuses on books for grades 6+, usually photo-driven.
Ediciones Lerner
Ediciones Lerner prints Spanish-language translations of popular nonfiction titles for elementary school students.
LernerClassroom
LernerClassroom, launched in 2000, is specifically geared towards educational titles, including resources for teachers. Some titles are from the Group's list, and others are specially developed. The imprint works mostly with nonfiction, but some fiction.
Kar-Ben Publishing
Kar-Ben Publishing was acquired in 2001, for artwork- and photo-driven fiction and nonfiction titles geared for the children's Judaica market.
Cloverleaf Books
Created for K-2 grades, they contain bright, eye-catching art and picture book designs to grab the attention young readers.
Searchlight Books
Designed for grades 3-5, these books are simple, straightforward nonfiction texts that build children's' reading skills.
Darby Creek Publishing
Darby Creek Publishing, which will continue as an imprint, was acquired by the Lerner Publishing Group in 2010. Established in 2002, Darby Creek, is in Columbus, Ohio and publishes K–12 fiction and nonfiction titles for the school and public library markets, and the trade bookstore market. Its authors include Lurlene McDaniel, David Lubar, and Joseph Bruchac. Lerner had been distributing Darby Creek titles since 2003.
The Sharon Lerner Scholarship
The Sharon Lerner Scholarship is a four-week scholarship, begun in 1983, to honor Sharon Lerner, art director and founder of Carolrhoda Books. The scholarship is intended to promote understanding and cooperation between international publishers of children's books.
References
Business.com. "Millbrook Press Inc. (the) Information." Business.com. Accessed on July 22, 2008.
Lerner Books. "Lerner Books." Lerner Publishing Group. Accessed on July 22, 2008.
Companies based in Minneapolis
Book publishing companies based in Minnesota
Privately held companies based in Minnesota
Publishing companies established in 1959
Atomicity is defined as the total number of atoms present in a molecule. For example, each molecule of oxygen (O2) is composed of two oxygen atoms. Therefore, atomicity of oxygen is 2. In older contexts, atomicity is sometimes equivalent to valency. Some authors also use the term to refer to the maximum number of valencies observed for an element.
On the basis of atomicity, molecules can be classified as:
Monoatomic – composed of one atom e.g. He, Ne, Ar, Kr (all noble gases are monatomic)
Diatomic – composed of two atoms e.g. H2 , N2 , O2 , F2 , Cl2 (all halogens are usually diatomic)
Triatomic – composed of three atoms e.g. O3
Polyatomic – composed of three or more atoms e.g. P4 , S8
All metals and some other elements, such as carbon, do not have a simple structure but consist of a very large and indefinite number of atoms bonded together. Their atomicity cannot be determined and is usually considered 1. So, we may conclude that usually the Metal elements have an atomicity of 1, as their molecule form(like-H2 or O2 , etc...) doesn't exist.
Atomicity may vary in different allotropes of the same element.
There is a simple way to determine the atomicity of any homonuclear molecule. It can be determined as a ratio of molecular weight and atomic weight, i.e., (M.W.÷ A.W.). For example, the molecular weight of oxygen is 31.999, while its atomic weight is 15.999. On dividing the two, we get atomicity as (31.999/15.999) which is roughly equal to 2.
Examples
The atomicity of the first 30 elements in the periodic table is as follows:
References
Molecules
Stoichiometry
Physical chemistry
Inorganic chemistry
It's a Jungle Out There may refer to:
It's a Jungle Out There (fashion collection), a 1997 collection by the British fashion designer Alexander McQueen
"It's a Jungle Out There" (song), a 2003 song by Randy Newman, theme song for the TV series Monk
"It's a Jungle Out There", a song by Three Dog Night on their 1983 album It's a Jungle
It's a Jungle Out There!, an album by the Christian rock band Mastedon
It's a Jungle Out There, an alternate English-language title for the 1995 German film After Five in the Forest Primeval
Pierz may refer to:
Francis Xavier Pierz, Roman Catholic missionary to the Ottawa and Ojibwa Indians
Pierz, Minnesota, a small city in the United States
Pierz Township, Morrison County, Minnesota
In population ecology, Moran's theorem (or the Moran effect) states that the time correlation of two separate populations of the same species is equal to the correlation between the environmental variabilities where they live.
The theorem is named after Pat Moran, who stated it in a paper on the dynamics of the Canadian lynx populations. It has been used to explain the synchronization of widely dispersed populations. It has the important consequence for conservation ecology that viability of spatially structured populations is lower than one would expect from the local populations: it increases the probability that several local populations go extinct simultaneously.
In its original form it stated: If the two populations have population dynamics given by
where is the population size of population , is a linear renewal function updating the populations in the same way, and the environmental variabilities. Then .
The original form assumed a strictly linear structure, but this assumption can be weakened to allow for non-linear functions. It has been suggested that the term "Moran effect" should be used for systems that do not strictly follow the original description. In the general case the correlations will be lowed, and the accuracy of the Moran description depends on whether the populations tend to converge to an equilibrium state (good accuracy for low variance variability) or tend to oscillate (eventual breakdown of the correlation).
It has been tested experimentally in a number of cases, such as variation of fruit production, acorn production, bird populations and coral reef fishes.
References
Population ecology
Divotino (Bulgarian: Дивотино) is a village in western Bulgaria, located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Pernik.
Geography
Divotino is a village in Bulgaria located 4 km north of Pernik, at the foot of Lyulin mountain.
History
The village of Divotino is an old, medieval settlement, inscribed in the lists of the Djelepkeshans from 1576 under the name Дивотине (Divotine), to the Grahova nahia of the Kaaza Sofia. The village is first mentioned in Ottoman registers from the 15th century. Remains of the primitive municipal system (Neolithic, Paleolithic) have been found in its territory. The Liberation of Bulgaria passed almost silently for the inhabitants of the village of Divotino: about fifteen Russian officers descended from Lyulin, but as they did not find Turkish inhabitants in the village, they continued to Pernik and Radomir.
Religion
Only Orthodox Christians have always lived in the village, even during the Ottoman rule. There is a church in the village. Nearby is the Divotin Monastery „St. Trinity“.
Notable people
Stojan Popov (1865 – 1939), child writer
Honour
Divotino Point on Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Divotino.
References
Villages in Pernik Province
The Proclamation of the Birth of Christ, Kalenda Proclamation, or Christmas Proclamation, is a chant sung before the Midnight Mass for Christmas in the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church. The long text is a timeline, in which each verse represents the years from an historical event, either secular or religious, until birth of Jesus Christ, and the number of years – expressed in centuries or years – decreases until the day of the first Christmas.
Ceremonial
Originating from the Roman Martyrology, traditionally read during the hour of Prime, the proclamation places the birth of Christ "within the context of salvation history." Prime was suppressed as part of the liturgical reforms following Vatican II, but Pope John Paul II restored the usage of the Proclamation during the 1980 Papal Christmas Midnight Mass. Since then, many parishes re-instituted the Proclamation as well.
In the Ordinary Form of the Roman Rite, the Christmas Proclamation is chanted during Midnight Mass.
Translations
As the official Latin text of the Roman Martyrology has been updated, the English translation of the Proclamation has changed as well.
1584 text
Current text
See also
Exsultet
Catholic liturgy
Koliada
References
External links
A side by side comparison of various English translations Retrieved 29 June 2015
The Kalenda Proclamation from the Vatican
Catholic liturgy
Christmastide
Nativity of Jesus in worship and liturgy
Kerei is a Kazakh tribe that originated in the Altay region and fled into modern-day Kazakhstan in the early 13th century after being defeated by Genghis Khan.
See also
Qarai Turks
Kazakhs
References
Turkic peoples of Asia
Ethnic groups in China
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: Movie Set Adventure was a playground at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida. It was located in the Streets of America area and was based on Disney's 1989 film, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. The playground, which opened a year and a half after the film, featured blades of grass, and was themed as a movie set for the giant backyard scenes from the film. Kids could roam through the playground, exploring giant ants and a huge dog's nose.
On January 15, 2016, Disney's Hollywood Studios announced that the Streets of America section, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: Movie Set Adventure and Lights, Motors, Action!: Extreme Stunt Show would be permanently closed. They operated for the final time on April 2, 2016 and were demolished to make room for the construction of Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge on the same site.
Overview
The playground featured large movie props and structures inspired by the Disney film Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. The soft play surface used for dirt and other objects were the same objects that are used in the Boneyard Playground in the DinoLand USA section at Disney's Animal Kingdom. The playground featured scenes from the movie but also included areas that weren't explored in the film. They included:
Large ants
Explorable anthills
A spider web/maze with climbing ropes
A slide made to look like a canister of Kodak film
A giant dog nose that sprayed mist
leaking water hose that sprayed
bumblebees
Jumbo plant-root mazes
Oatmeal Creme Pie
References
Former Walt Disney Parks and Resorts attractions
Disney's Hollywood Studios
Streets of America
Amusement park attractions based on film franchises
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (franchise)
Buildings and structures demolished in 2016
1990 establishments in Florida
2016 disestablishments in Florida
A50, A.50 or A-50 may refer to:
Aviation
Beriev A-50, a Russian airborne early warning aircraft
Fiat A.50, a 1928 Italian seven-cylinder, air-cooled radial engine for aircraft
A-50 Golden Eagle, a light attack variant of the South Korean KAI T-50 Golden Eagle advanced trainer aircraft
Junkers A50, a German sports plane of 1930s
A-50, a caesium-containing additive in the fuel JP-7
Aerozine 50, a type of rocket fuel
Roads
A50 highway (Canada), a road in Québec connecting the Outaouais and National Capital region and the Greater Montreal area
A50 road (England), a road connecting Warrington and Leicester
A50 motorway (France), a road connecting Marseille and Toulon
A50 road (Northern Ireland), a road connecting Portadown and Newcastle in Northern Ireland
A50 motorway (Netherlands), a road connecting Eindhoven and Zwolle
A50 highway (Spain), a road connecting Salamanca and Ávila
A50 autostrada (Poland), a planned motorway being part of new Warsaw bypass
Other uses
Queen's Pawn Game (Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings code: A50)
FTSE China A50 Index, an stock exchange index
Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union
United Kingdom invocation of Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union
Samsung Galaxy A50, smartphone released in 2019
A-series light bulb of diameter 50 mm
See also
List of highways numbered 50
A supplied-air respirator (SAR) or air-line respirator is a device used in places where the air may not be safe. It uses an air hose to supply air from outside the danger zone. It is similar to a self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA), except that SCBA users carry their air with them in tanks, while SAR users get it from a stationary air supply attached to them by a hose.
Description
SARs are lightweight, but tether the user. Unlike SCBAs, the worker will not run out of air when the tank they carry is empty. They can therefore be used for longer continuous work periods. The mask end of a SAR is generally lower-maintenance than an SCBA, but the air compressors or tanks at the other end of the hose require monitoring and maintenance. It is important that they deliver good air; contaminants (which may also be introduced by faulty operation of the machinery) can be dangerous.
If the air-supply line is cut or pinched shut, the user will not have any air to breathe. SAR users therefore often carry a small backup air tank (called an auxiliary escape cylinder). In an emergency, they can switch to using this supply, which should last long enough for them to escape the dangerous area. This backup bottle is required in some jurisdictions. Other regulations also apply. Users of SARs must generally be given hands-on training with the specific model they are to use.
SARs may be either constant-flow or pressure-demand respirators. Constant-flow respirators supply a steady stream of air, some of which escapes from the wearer end unbreathed. Pressure-demand respirators supply air only when the pressure in the wearer's mask drops (that is, when they inhale). This saves air but allows more inwards leakage. Pressure-demand respirators can only be used with a sealed elastomeric mask, not with a loose-fitting hood (like those used in powered air-purifying respirators) or helmet (used in construction). Hoods may be made of Tyvek, polyethylene, or polypropylene.
Use
According to the NIOSH Respirator Selection Logic, SARs with an auxiliary SCBA are recommended for oxygen-deficient atmospheres, atmospheres that are immediately dangerous to life or health, and unknown atmospheres, all of which are conditions that air-purifying respirators such as N95 masks do not protect against. SARs without an auxiliary SCBA may also be used in conditions where an air-purifying respirator may be used, and have the benefit of a higher range of assigned protection factors (APF). Air-purifying respirators have APFs in the range 5–50 while SARs are in the range 25–2000, and full-facepiece pressure-demand SARs with an auxiliary pressure-demand SCBA have an APF of 10,000. For substances hazardous to the eyes, a respirator equipped with a full facepiece, helmet, or hood is recommended. SARs are not effective during firefighting, for which a SCBA is recommended instead.
References
External links
Industrial breathing sets
Breathing gases
Functional masks
Respirators
Theodore Roosevelt, Fighting Patriot is a children's book by Clara Ingram Judson, about Theodore Roosevelt.
1953 children's books
Children's history books
American children's books
Books about Theodore Roosevelt
Newbery Honor-winning works
Brishaketu Debbarma is a politician from Tripura, India. They were a member of 12th Tripura Legislative Assembly. They were elected to the Assembly in 2018, representing the Simna constituency) as a member of the Indigenous People's Front of Tripura. They resigned from the Legislative Assembly on 29 June 2021 and joined The Indigenous Progressive Regional Alliance (TIPRA) on 9 July 2021.
References
Tripura MLAs 2018–2023
Living people
Tripuri people
1977 births
On March 17, 1983, a significant severe weather event affected the southern Florida peninsula, including the Miami metropolitan area. A total of at least five tornadoes affected the region; while as many as 17 were reported, only two were confirmed in the official National Weather Service records. The strongest tornado produced F2 damage on the Fujita scale and skipped across the Everglades region from the eastern Big Cypress National Preserve through the Everglades and Francis S. Taylor Wildlife Management Area to Lighthouse Point—a path length of nearly . An F1 tornado also affected Naples and Golden Gate. Additionally, unconfirmed tornadoes affected an RV park southeast of East Naples, as well as the Stuart and Jupiter areas, respectively. In addition to tornadoes, severe thunderstorms produced hail to in diameter, as well as rainfall totals of in some areas.
Background
On Thursday, March 17, 1983, a large and intense surface low pressure area over the Gulf of Mexico produced gale-force winds over the southern Florida peninsula. Above the surface, a strong low-level jet stream coupled with a large negative geopotential height—with heights measuring standard deviations below normal—produced sufficient lifting and wind shear, both conditions conducive to severe weather. Due to the favorable conditions for severe weather, the National Weather Service office in Miami issued a tornado watch for South Florida, effective the morning of March 17. The watch was canceled at 9:30 a.m. EST (14:30 UTC), but then was reissued and extended to 5:00 p.m. (22:00 UTC) as more storms formed over the Everglades. Forecasters expected the low pressure area in the Gulf of Mexico to bring a cold front across Florida on Friday, March 18.
The tornadoes occurred during a strong occurrence of El Niño—a condition known to enhance severe weather over Florida.
Confirmed tornadoes
At least three unconfirmed tornadoes were reported, two of them in Martin County:
•A tornado reportedly affected the Hitching Post RV Travel Resort, near Naples Manor, causing $6,000 in damage to one trailer, tearing loose a carport from another, and felling trees and utility lines. Electricity was disrupted for four hours, leaving 300 residents powerless.
•Another possible tornado about 8:20 a.m. (13:20 UTC) overturned a vehicle on the Bee-Line Highway north of Indiantown Road, west of Jupiter, injuring one woman. The person was transported to a hospital, where they were treated and released.
•A third possible tornado touched down around 8:35 a.m. (13:35 UTC) in Stuart, damaging trees, downing branches, and destroying portions of tree trunks, along with a screened greenhouse. Florida Power and Light crews removed branches from electrical wires.
March 17 event
Everglades–Trailtown–Sunrise–Lauderhill–North Lauderdale–Margate–Pompano Beach–Lighthouse Point, Florida
The second tornado of the day was a long-tracked tornado that was probably a family of up to five tornadoes. The tornado, or the first member of its family, touched down near Trailtown at about 7:49 am, though it may have formed farther southwest in the Everglades, as one person reportedly sighted a tornado as early as 7:30 am. Upon touching down, the tornado damaged two bungalows owned by Seminole Indians. One trailer was destroyed, and a service station lost its roof when the tornado crossed Tamiami Trail, about east of Ochopee. Phone service was disrupted at the service station, where losses were estimated near $30,000. Two vehicles, one of which was a refueling van, were overturned, injuring two people. Additionally, electrical wires were damaged and a dumpster was thrown .
The tornado moved northeast at across the Everglades, entering northwest Dade County and then southwest Broward County. Subsequently, the tornado struck the communities of Sunrise, Lauderhill, North Lauderdale, Margate, Pompano Beach, and Lighthouse Point. It first hit several homes and a recreation center in Sunrise, causing extensive damage. As it moved through Sunrise, the tornado downed power poles, wires, screen enclosures, trees, and mailboxes. Doors at the Sunrise city hall were blown open, allowing debris inside that covered the first floor of the building. Damage was widespread throughout the city, particularly along and near Oakland Park Boulevard. At least three funnel clouds were reported in Sunrise, and at least one tornado touchdown was alleged. Windows were broken in hundreds of homes, while trees and power lines were prostrated. The mayor of the town of Sunrise, John Lomelo, declared a state of emergency in the town at 8:15 am, upon hearing of damage to city hall and across the city. Next, the tornado blew a porch from a home in Lauderhill. In North Lauderdale, the tornado damaged 30 to 40 homes in a four-block area, blowing awnings loose and uprooting trees. In Margate, the tornado affected the 600 and 700 blocks along SW 51st Avenue. A home was unroofed, another home lost most of its roof, and trees and power lines were downed. The tornado tore a bedroom door from its hinges, broke glass, and snapped a Norfolk Island pine tree in half.
After hitting Margate, the tornado struck the Pompano Beach service plaza on Florida's Turnpike, overturning an 18-wheeler tractor trailer, uprooting trees, and blowing away signs. In this area, the tornado was estimated to have been wide. After hitting the service plaza, the tornado continued northeast to Golf View Estates, a mobile-home park north of Palm-Aire Country Club, damaging about 15 mobile homes, of which six to eight had major damage. Several mobile homes were unroofed. Near the intersection of Copans Road and Northeast Third Avenue, the tornado struck another mobile-home park, where its winds overturned a mobile home and moved another off its foundation. Trees in the park were snapped "like toothpicks," and a downed tree landed on a mobile home. Nearby, the tornado also broke glass in a two-story home. As it continued across north Pompano Beach, the tornado destroyed a satellite dish at a restaurant. The tornado continued northeast to Lighthouse Point, where a department store on Federal Highway had its roof damaged. Flying debris from the store also damaged nearby apartments. Nearby, windows were shattered in a public library, and a supermarket delivery truck carrying frozen food was overturned. The Lighthouse Point section of the path was described as having been being done by a separate tornado.
The Everglades–Lighthouse Point tornado featured the second-longest path recorded south of Lake Okeechobee; only one tornado in 1968 featured a longer path of in southern Florida.
Non-tornadic effects
Unusually cool temperatures in the upper levels of the atmosphere contributed to large hail in portions of South Florida, including the Miami area. Hail of in diameter was reported in Dade County—an unusually large size for hail in South Florida. In Miami Beach, hail larger than marble size fell, causing cuts and bruises to one person, who was treated for minor injuries. Up to of rain fell in Miami, while Fort Lauderdale received . The heavy rains caused traffic congestion, and several accidents occurred. Severe winds were also reported elsewhere in the state, particularly near Daytona Beach. In Broward County, the strong winds downed live power lines and smashed cars' windows.
See also
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
Notes
References
Sources
M
M
M
M
March 1983 events in the United States
1983 natural disasters in the United States
The Ronald Reagan Minuteman Missile State Historic Site consists of two former missile sites around Cooperstown, North Dakota that were part of North Dakota military activities during the Cold War years: the Oscar-Zero Missile Alert Facility and the November-33 Launch Facility. The site is operated by the State Historical Society of North Dakota.
The two facilities are the last of the 321st Missile Wing, a cluster of intercontinental ballistic missile launch sites that were spread over a area around the Grand Forks Air Force Base. These facilities played a major part in how the United States responded to the training and testing of responding to a nuclear threat. The Oscar-Zero Site is the last launch control center intact for the public to visit, along with the top-side access to November 33 missile facility.
Visitors access the sites through guided tours of topside facilities to learn about daily life of the people who monitored the missiles, and also can tour the underground launch control operations.
See also
List of museums in North Dakota
Minuteman Missile National Historic Site
Titan Missile Museum
Strategic missile forces museum in Ukraine – Similar museum in the former Soviet Union
References
External links
Ronald Reagan Minuteman Missile State Historic Site - State Historical Society of North Dakota
Museums in Griggs County, North Dakota
Military and war museums in North Dakota
Cold War museums in the United States
North Dakota State Historic Sites
Nuclear missiles of the United States
Protected areas established in 2009
2009 establishments in North Dakota
The Samoan Crisis was a standoff between the United States, the German Empire, and the British Empire from 1887 to 1889 over control of the Samoan Islands during the First Samoan Civil War.
Background
In 1878, the United States acquired a fuelling station at the harbor at Pago Pago, on the island of Tutuila, in exchange for providing guarantees of protection to Samoa. The German Empire on the other hand desired concessions at the harbor at Apia, on the island of Upolu.
Incident
The incident involved three US Navy warships (the sloop-of-war , the screw steamer , and the gunboat ) and three German warships (the gunboats and and the corvette ), which kept each other at bay over several months in Apia Harbour, which was monitored by the British corvette .
The standoff ended when the 1889 Apia cyclone, on 15 and 16 March, wrecked all six warships in the harbour. Calliope escaped the harbour and thus survived the storm. Robert Louis Stevenson did not witness the storm and its aftermath at Apia but after December 1889 arrival to Samoa, they wrote about the event. The Second Samoan Civil War, involving Germany, the United States, and Britain, eventually resulted in the Tripartite Convention of 1899, which partitioned the Samoan Islands into American Samoa and German Samoa.
Legacy
Walter LaFeber said that the incident made some 'reticent Americans' realise the power implications of expansion in the South Pacific.
Gallery
See also
Samoan Civil War
Second Samoan Civil War
Siege of Apia
German Samoa
References
Further reading
Andre Trudeau, Noah. "'An Appalling Calamity'--In the teeth of the Great Samoan Typhoon of 1889, a standoff between the German and US navies suddenly didn't matter." Naval History Magazine 25.2 (2011): 54-59.
.
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
1887 in Samoa
1888 in Samoa
1889 in Samoa
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Samoa Crisis
Political history of Samoa
History of United States expansionism
Wars involving Samoa
Conflicts involving the German Empire
History of the foreign relations of Germany
Military operations involving Germany
Military expeditions of the United States
Military operations involving the United States
Naval history of Germany
United States Navy in the 19th century
19th-century military history of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1889
Shipwrecks of Samoa
Samoa Crisis
1880s in Oceania
Germany–Samoa relations
Samoa–United Kingdom relations
Samoa–United States relations
Germany–United Kingdom relations
Germany–United States relations
19th century in Samoa
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part II is the seventh studio album by American power metal band Virgin Steele and the second of three albums in "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell" series. It was mostly written and composed by David DeFeis and Edward Pursino. It is a well received album for its romantic and lyrical approach and its being a major influence on symphonic metal.
Track listing
All lyrics by David DeFeis, music as listed
Personnel
Band members
David DeFeis - all vocals, keyboards, producer
Edward Pursino - all guitars
Rob DeMartino - bass
Joey Ayvazian - drums on tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 11, 12
Frank Gilchriest - drums on tracks 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
Additional musicians
Frank Zummo - drums on track 13
Production
Steve Young - producer, engineer, mixing
Axel Thubeauville - executive producer
References
1996 albums
Virgin Steele albums
Noise Records albums
The men's 100 metre backstroke competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 17 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Andrew Gill of US.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, all in backstroke.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 17.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
Cylindrocladiella is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae. There are 11 species.
Species
Cylindrocladiella brevicollis
Cylindrocladiella camelliae
Cylindrocladiella elegans
Cylindrocladiella infestans
Cylindrocladiella lageniformis
Cylindrocladiella mangiferae
Cylindrocladiella microcylindrica
Cylindrocladiella novae-zelandiae
Cylindrocladiella parva
Cylindrocladiella tenuis
Cylindrocladiella viticola
External links
Nectriaceae
Nectriaceae genera
John Howarth may refer to:
John Howarth (politician) (born 1958), British Labour Party politician and MEP
John Howarth (cricketer) (born 1945), English county cricketer
John Howarth (footballer) (1899–?), English footballer
See also
John Haworth
Renato Gardini (10 March 1889 – 29 September 1940) was a Greco-Roman wrestler from Italy. They competed in the 1912 Olympics, but lost in the fourth bout to Anders Ahlgren. After the Olympics they immigrated to the United States, where they competed professionally, and got married in 1922. They spent much time promoting wrestling in South America, where they died in 1940.
References
External links
1889 births
1940 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Italy
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Italian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Bologna
Road incident deaths in Argentina
The World (XXI) is the 21st trump or Major Arcana card in the tarot deck. It is the final card of the Major Arcana or tarot trump sequence.
Description
In the traditional Tarot of Marseilles, as well as the later Rider–Waite tarot deck, a naked woman hovers or dances above the Earth holding a staff in each hand, surrounded by a wreath, being watched by the four living creatures (or hayyoth) of Jewish mythology: a man, a lion, an ox, and an eagle. This depiction parallels the tetramorph used in Christian art, where the four creatures are used as symbols of the four Evangelists. Some astrological sources explain these observers as representatives of the natural world or the kingdom of beasts. According to astrological tradition the Lion is Leo—a fire sign, the Bull or calf is Taurus—an earth sign, the Man is Aquarius—an air sign, and the Eagle is Scorpio—a water sign. These signs are the four fixed signs and represent the classical four elements.
In some decks the wreath is an ouroboros biting its own tail. In the Thoth Tarot designed by Aleister Crowley, this card is called "The Universe."
Interpretation
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the World card carries several divinatory associations:
21.THE WORLD—Assured success, recompense, voyage, route, emigration, flight, change of place. Reversed: Inertia, fixity, stagnation, permanence.
The World represents an ending to a cycle of life, a pause in life before the next big cycle beginning with the fool. The figure is male and female, above and below, suspended between the heavens and the earth. It is completeness. It is also said to represent cosmic consciousness; the potential of perfect union with the One Power of the universe. It tells us full happiness is to also give back to the world: sharing what we have learned or gained. As described in the book The New Mythic Tarot by Juliet Sharman-Burke and Liz Greene (p. 82), the image of the woman (Hermaphroditus in Greek Mythology) is to show wholeness unrelated to sexual identification but rather of combined male and female energy on an inner level, which integrates opposites traits that arise in the personality charged by both energies. Opposite qualities between male and female that create turmoil in our life are joined in this card, and the image of becoming whole is an ideal goal, not something that can be possessed rather than achieved.
According to Robert M. Place in their book The Tarot, the four beasts on the World card represent the fourfold structure of the physical world—which frames the sacred center of the world, a place where the divine can manifest. Sophia, meaning Prudence or Wisdom (the dancing woman in the center), is spirit or the sacred center, the fifth element. Prudence is the fourth of the Cardinal virtues in the tarot. The lady in the center is a symbol of the goal of mystical seekers. In some older decks, this central figure is Christ, whereas in others it is Hermes. Whenever it comes up, this card represents what is truly desired.
In other media
In the manga JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders, tarot cards are used to name the character's powers, named 'Stands'. The overarching antagonist of Stardust Crusaders, DIO, has a Stand named The World, named after The World card.
In the film Cryptozoo, a tarot reading is done with the Waite-Smith Deck that reveals The World card as part of the protagonist's journey.
References
Bibliography
External links
The World -"fulfillment and completeness"- how to interpret this card
World, The
Omkara is a 2006 Indian crime drama film adapted from Shakespeare's Othello, co-written and directed by Vishal Bhardwaj. It starred an ensemble cast of Ajay Devgn, Kareena Kapoor, Saif Ali Khan, Konkona Sen Sharma, Vivek Oberoi and Bipasha Basu. The director Vishal Bhardwaj themselves composed the entire music for the film, including the background score, with lyrics by Gulzar. The film is set in Meerut, a city in Western Uttar Pradesh.
Produced on a budget of 260 million, Omkara was released on 28 July 2006 and grossed 424.12 million worldwide. The film was cited as "10 Must-Watch Indian Titles" by The National. The film garnered awards and nominations in several categories, with particular praise for its direction, music, screenplay, cinematography, and the performances of the ensemble cast, with particular praise for Khan's performance. The film won 41 awards from 106 nominations.
At the 54th National Film Awards, Omkara won awards in three categories, Best Supporting Actress (Konkona Sen Sharma), Best Audiography (Shajith Koyeri, Subhash Sahoo and K. J. Singh) and Special Jury Award (Vishal Bhardwaj). At the 52nd Filmfare Awards, it received nineteen nominations and won nine, including those for Best Actress (Critics), Best Supporting Actress, Best Performance in a Negative Role, Best Production Design, Best Costume Design, Best Sound Design, Best Female Playback Singer and Best Choreography. At the 8th IIFA Awards, it received thirteen nominations and won four, including those for Best Performance in a Negative Role, Best Female Playback Singer, Best Choreography and Special Award for Best Adaptation. Among other wins, the film received two Bollywood Movie Awards, three Global Indian Film Awards, five Screen Awards, five Stardust Awards and five Zee Cine Awards.
At 30th Cairo International Film Festival, Vishal Bhardwaj received "Best Artistic Contribution in Cinema of a Director" award, at 6th Kara Film Festival, it won awards in three categories, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor and Best Music and at 2nd Asian Festival of First Films, Tassaduq Hussain received Best Cinematography Award.
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Bollywood films of 2006
Notes
References
External links
Accolades for Omkara at the Internet Movie Database
Lists of accolades by Indian film
American Artist can refer to:
American Artist (artist), a new media artist
American Artist, a sibling publication of The Artist's Magazine
is a 2008 Japanese comedy-drama film written and directed by Sion Sono. The film gained a considerable amount of notoriety in film festivals around the world for its four-hour runtime and themes including love, family, lust, religion and the crime of upskirt photography. The first version was originally six hours long, but was trimmed at the request of the producers.
Following its release, it won many awards and received acclaim from critics. At the Berlin International Film Festival, it won the Caligari Film Award and the FIPRESCI Prize.
Plot
Yū Honda is a young teenager Catholic attempting to live their life faithfully. Their father, Tetsu, has become a devout Catholic priest following the death of Yū's mother and operates their own church. Tetsu asks Yū to confess their sins, but Yū believes they are a good person who has little to confess. To appease their father, they make up sins but their father sees right through them so Yū becomes obsessed with committing real sins. Yū befriends other boys and is taught to steal, fight, and take stealth photographs up women's skirts. Yū promptly becomes a skilled "panty shot" photographer. Though perceived as a pervert, they are never aroused by these photographs.
After Yū loses a bet with their friends, they agree to go into the city dressed as a woman and kiss a girl they like. When they go into the city, Yū and their friends come across Yōko, their "Virgin Mary" who is surrounded by a group of thugs. Still dressed as a woman, they help Yōko, a skilled fighter herself, beat up the gang. Afterwards they kiss Yōko and runs away. Yū falls in love with them – the first time he's been in love with a girl - but Yōko falls for their disguise and develops feelings for their alter ego Sasori, or "Miss Scorpion".
Meanwhile, Yū is being followed by Aya Koike, a member of the cult "Zero Church", who has become infatuated with them after they catch them taking a picture of their panties. Aya, who turned violent after being sexually abused to the point of insanity, plans to bring Yū's entire family into the Zero Church and masquerades as Sasori to gain Yōko's favor.
Aya manipulates those around Yū and Yōko and Yū's family become caught up in the Zero Church. Yū desperately tries to free Yōko from the cult by kidnapping them but fails to persuade them to leave as they do not trust them to be Miss Scorpion and is convinced they are a pervert. Armed with a sword, Yū breaks into the Zero Church's building and again tries to escape with Yōko. Aya, who is present along with Yū's family, fights back, but commits suicide by driving the sword through their stomach when they realize Yū's love for Yōko.
Yū is taken to a mental hospital, where they have forgotten all of their past and convinced themselves that they are really Sasori. Yōko comes to visit, claiming that they now realise that they love them as they were the one always trying to save them Yū cannot remember who they are, so security escort the hysterical Yōko out of the building. Moments later, Yū remembers them and escapes from the hospital, running after the car driving Yōko away. Yū catches up, smashes open the car window, and joins hands with Yōko.
Cast
Takahiro Nishijima as Yū Honda
Hikari Mitsushima as Yōko Ozawa
Sakura Ando as Aya Koike
Makiko Watanabe as Kaori Fujiwara
Atsuro Watabe as Tetsu Honda
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Love Exposure holds an approval rating of 91% based on 22 reviews, with an average rating of 7.74/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "An engagingly funny melodrama as well as an ambitious exploration of sexual behavior, Sion Sono's Love Exposure provides nearly four hours of extremely strange and entertaining cinema." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 78 out of 100 based on 11 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Jaime Grijalba of Brooklyn Magazine wrote that "nothing can prepare anyone for the madness of this profound work of love, perversion, religion, friendship and conspiracies. It's the most bombastic work of Japanese Cinema of the past decade and maybe the only four-hour film you can watch more than three times[...] in a year." In 2015, Jasper Sharp of the British Film Institute listed it as one of the 10 great Japanese films of the 21st century. Freelance film critic Kenji Fujishima also voted Love Exposure the ninth greatest film of the century in BBC's 2016 poll.
Awards
The film received the following awards and nominations:
References
External links
2000s romantic comedy-drama films
2008 films
2000s action thriller films
Cross-dressing in film
Films directed by Sion Sono
Films set in Japan
Films shot in Tokyo
Japanese independent films
Japanese LGBT-related films
Films set in religious buildings and structures
2008 independent films
2000s Japanese films
Humanistic medicine is an interdisciplinary field in the medical practice of clinical care popular in the modern health systems of developed countries.
Problems facing healthcare
In many countries with modern healthcare systems, healthcare systems are facing enormous difficulties in meeting demands given limited healthcare budgets. Healthcare professionals often experience high levels of stress and burnout. Health professionals facing a large number of patients are not giving individual patients the care they want, resulting in a very high number of patients seeking alternative treatments and rejecting vaccinations for their children. The rising costs of medical services and medication are becoming unaffordable for many patients, preventing these individuals from receiving adequate healthcare without spending a large percentage of their disposable income. Studies have shown that poor doctor-patient relationships result in frequent lawsuits against healthcare providers. These lawsuits have become a major burden to medical personnel and have risen in both number and cost in developed nations.
Practice
Among the approaches used to encourage the practice of a more humane medicine are narrative medicine and patient empowerment. Narrative medicine is a way of educating physicians, nurses and other providers that uses storytelling (and active listening) to emphasize the humanity of patient and provider, enabling the "physician to practice medicine with empathy, reflection, professionalism, and trustworthiness." Patient empowerment seeks to create an equal partnership between doctors and their patients, placing values at the center of the healthcare encounter. Both of the practices emphasize the importance of the human experience in the practice of medicine, and help to ensure that the humanity of the patient is not obscured in a morass of lab results, patient charts, and insurance regulations. Humanistic medicine strives to create ideal and balanced care that sacrifices neither cutting-edge science nor the gentle art of creating a caring relationship. Various health professional schools across the U.S. have begun to integrate humanistic medical teaching into their curricula in an effort to offset what some view as an over-emphasis on medical technology to the detriment of individual patient care.
Criticism
It is not widely accepted that "humanistic medicine" refers to a belief or set of practices that differ significantly from the biopsychosocial model of care. Further, many of the terms used by its advocates such as "soul" and "spiritual" are not well defined nor specifically explored experimentally inasmuch as these approaches contribute to patient welfare beyond those employed by the biopsychosocial model.
References
Patz JA, Jodrey D. Occupational health in surgery: risks extend beyond the operating room. Aust & NZ Journal of Surgery 1995; 65: 627–629.
Bombardieri D, Easthope G. Convergence between orthodox and alternative medicine: a theoretical elaboration and empirical test. Health 2000; 4: 479–494.
Little M. Healthcare rationing: constraints and equity. Medical Journal of Australia 2001; 174: 641–642.
Remen, Rachel Naomi. Kitchen Table Wisdom. 2001. 55–58.
Charon R. Narrative medicine: A model for empathy, reflection, profession, and trust. The Journal of the American Medical Association 2001; 286: 1897.
Little, J Miles. Humanistic medicine or values-based medicine...what's in a name? Medical Journal of Australia 2002; 177: 319–321.
External links
The Bravewell Collaborative
Literature, Arts & Medicine Database
The Arnold P. Gold Foundation for Humanism in Medicine
Medical sociology
Sean Michael O'Bryan (born September 10, 1963) is an American film and television actor from Louisville, Kentucky. They attended and graduated from St. Xavier High School.
Career
They co-starred with William Ragsdale on the series Brother's Keeper. Early television work includes guest roles on such television series as Married... with Children, MacGyver, Northern Exposure, Cold Case, Diagnosis: Murder, Quantum Leap, Murder, They Wrote, Chicago Hope, Roswell (season 3 episode 9), Roseanne (season 8 episode 19), Six Feet Under, Criminal Minds, The King of Queens and Dexter. More recent television credits include CSI, Bones, Melissa & Joey, Hot In Cleveland, The Mentalist, Leverage. They appear in the recurring role of Ron Donahue on The Middle.
Their film credits include Chaplin, Crimson Tide, Phenomenon, Exit to Eden, Out to Sea, Big Fat Liar, Detective, Deck the Halls, I'll Be Home For Christmas, Yes Man, Vantage Point and both Princess Diaries films. Their more recent films include Playing for Keeps, Olympus Has Fallen, London Has Fallen and Mother's Day.
Personal life
O'Bryan moved to Los Angeles in the early 1990s, where they now reside with their wife, actor Samantha Follows (sister of Canadian-American actor Megan Follows), and their two daughters.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
O'Bryan infosite
1963 births
Living people
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Louisville, Kentucky
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
St. Xavier High School (Louisville) alumni
William Thornton (May 20, 1759 – March 28, 1828) was a British-American physician, inventor, painter and architect who designed the United States Capitol. They also served as the first Architect of the Capitol and first Superintendent of the United States Patent Office.
Early life
From an early age William Thornton displayed interest and discernible talent in "the arts of design," to employ an 18th-century term that is particularly useful in assessing their career. Thornton was born on Jost Van Dyke in the British Virgin Islands, West Indies, in a Quaker community. where they were heir to sugar plantations. They were sent to England at age five to be educated. Frary Thornton was brought up strictly by their father's relations, Quakers and merchants, in and near the ancient castle town of Lancaster, in northern Lancashire, England. There was never any question of theirs pursuing the fine arts professionally—he was to be trained for a useful life, according to the Quaker ways. Thus, despite the fact that they had a sizeable income, young Thornton was apprenticed for a term of four years (1777–1781), to a practical physician and apothecary in Ulverston, Lancashire (now Cumbria).
The earliest of Thornton's known writings, a journal they began during their apprenticeship, records almost as many entries for drawing and sketching as notes on medical treatments and nostrums. Their subjects were most often flora and fauna, but they also did portraits, landscapes, historical scenes, and studies of machinery, such as the Franklin stove, and managed to construct a camera obscura. This pattern continued when they enrolled as a medical student in the University of Edinburgh in 1781. They interned at St Bartholomew's Hospital. The architecture of Edinburgh, especially that of the New Town that was being built, surely exerted considerable influence. More direct evidence of their interest in architecture is found in the landscapes and sketches of castles they drew while travelling about Scotland, notably in the Highlands, during these years.
In 1783, Thornton went to London to continue their medical studies; characteristically, they also found time to attend lectures at the Royal Academy. The following year they were off to the Continent, carrying a letter of introduction to Benjamin Franklin, (1706-1790), written by their mentor and distant cousin Dr. John Coakley Lettsome, (1744-1815).
In the summer of 1784, they explored the Highlands with French geologist Barthélemy Faujas de Saint-Fond.
They received their medical degree in 1784 at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland.
Thornton then spent time in Paris, before returning to Tortola in 1786. There, they saw their mother for the first time since boyhood, where they came face to face with the source of their income—half interest in a sugar plantation and ownership of some 70 slaves, the possession of whom had begun to trouble him.
Eager to achieve fame (and undoubtedly some expiation) in the cause of anti-slavery, they emigrated to the United States of America in the fall of 1786, moving to Philadelphia. Their unsuccessful efforts to lead a contingent of free black Americans to join the small British settlement of London blacks at the mouth of the Sierra Leone River in West Africa were looked on favorably by Philadelphia's Quaker establishment. Some leaders of the new republic—notably James Madison, with whom they lodged at Mrs. Mary House's prominent boarding establishment in 1787 and 1788—were cognizant of Thornton's abolitionist activities. However, after moving to the City of Washington, they took advantage of slavery. According to a diary their wife kept in 1800, they frequently shopped for slaves and bought and hired them. In 1788, they became an American citizen. Thornton married Anna Maria Brodeau, daughter of a school teacher, in 1790.
Architect
United States Capitol
In 1789, after briefly practicing medicine and pursuing an interest in steamboats, Thornton submitted a design to the architectural competition for the Library Company of Philadelphia's new hall. Their design won but was somewhat departed from during actual construction. Library Hall was described as the first building in the "modern [classical] style" to be erected in the new nation's leading city.
During their visit to Tortola between October 1790 and October 1792, Thornton learned of the design competitions for the U.S. Capitol and the "President's House" to be erected in the new Federal City on the banks of the Potomac. Because a design for the Capitol had not been chosen, they were allowed to compete upon their return to Philadelphia. Between July and November 1792, the Washington administration examined closely the designs submitted by the French émigré architect Etienne Sulpice Hallet, (1755-1825), and Judge George Turner. Hallet and Turner had been summoned to the Federal City in August 1792 to present their ideas to the "Commissioners of the District of Columbia" and local landholders. Both were then encouraged to submit revisions of their designs to accommodate new conditions and requirements. At the beginning of November, Turner's new designs were rejected.
The painter John Trumbull handed in William Thornton's still "unfinished" revised plan of the Capitol building on January 29, 1793, but the President's formal approbation was not recorded until April 2, 1793. Thornton was inspired by the east front of the Louvre, former royal palace later turned art museum, as well as the Pantheon, famed former Roman temple in Roma and later converted to a Christian church, for the center portion of the design. After more drawings were prepared, enthusiastic praise of Thornton's design was echoed by Secretary of State Jefferson: "simple, noble, beautiful, excellently distributed." For their winning design, Thornton received a prize of $500 and a city lot.
The execution of the design was entrusted to the supervision of Étienne Sulpice Hallet and James Hoban, (1758-1831), (who had also submitted designs for the "President's House - later the White House). Hallet proceeded to make numerous revisions, including removing the rotunda under which Washington was to be enshrined upon their death. So, on September 12, 1794 the President appointed Thornton as one of the three "Commissioners of the Federal District" in charge of laying out the new federal city and overseeing construction of the first government buildings, including the Capitol of which they became supervisor and remained in charge until 1802. Despite important changes and additions, (especially the substitution of a lower copper-clad wooden dome during the 1820s to 1856, for Thornton's original design), especially by second Architect of the Capitol, Latrobe and third Architect Bulfinch, much of the design of the façade of the central portion of the Capitol is his.
Other works
As a consequence of winning the Capitol competition, Thornton was frequently asked to give ideas for public and residential buildings in the Federal City. They responded with designs on several occasions during their tenure as a commissioner, less so after 1802 when they took on the superintendency of the Patent Office.
It was during this time they were asked to design a mansion for Colonel John Tayloe. The Tayloe House, also known as The Octagon House, in Washington, D.C., was erected between 1799 and 1800. It served as a temporary "Executive Mansion" after the 1814 burning of the White House by the British and the house's study was where President Madison signed the Treaty of Ghent ending the War of 1812. In 1899 the building was acquired by the American Institute of Architects, whose national headquarters now nestles behind it.
Around 1800, they designed Woodlawn for Major Lawrence Lewis (nephew of George Washington) and their wife, Eleanor (Nelly) Parke Custis (granddaughter of Martha Washington), on of Mount Vernon land. Sometime around 1808, they designed Tudor Place for Thomas Peter and their wife, Martha Parke Custis Peter (another granddaughter of Martha Washington).
National Register
Many buildings designed by Thornton have been added to the National Register of Historic Places including:
Library Company of Philadelphia, 5th & Chestnut Sts., Philadelphia, PA; 1789 (demolished 1887; recreated as Library Hall, American Philosophical Society, 1954)
United States Capitol, Washington, D.C.; 1793 - exempt
Prospect Hill, NE of Long Green on Kanes Road, Baltimore, MD; 1796-1798 - added to registry in 1973
Prospect House, 3508 Prospect Street NW, Washington, D.C. - added in 1972
Octagon House, 1741 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C.; 1799 - added in 1966
Woodlawn, W of jct. of U.S. 1 and Rte. 235, Fairfax, VA, 1800-05 - added in 1970
Tudor Place, 1644 31st Street, NW, Washington, D.C.; 1816 - added in 1966
Founding of the Washington Jockey Club
In 1802 the Club sought a new site for its track, which at the time lay at the rear of what is now the site of Decatur House at H Street and Jackson Place, crossing Seventeenth Street and Pennsylvania Avenue to Twentieth Street (today the Eisenhower Executive Office Building,) was being overtaken be the growth of the Federal City. With the leadership of John Tayloe III and Charles Carnan Ridgely and support of Gen. John Peter Van Ness, Dr. William Thornton, G.W. P. Custis, John D. Threlkeld of Georgetown and George Calvert of Riversdale, Bladensburg, Maryland, the contests were moved to a new site near Meridian Hill, north of Columbia Road at Fourteenth Street, between present-day Eleventh and Sixteenth Streets. Thornton designed this new track, one mile in circumference, and named the Washington City Race Course. It sat on land leased from the Holmead family, and lasted until the mid-1840s.
Superintendent of the Patent Office
Upon the abolition of the board of Commissioners of the Federal City in 1802, President Jefferson appointed Thornton the first Superintendent of the Patent Office. When Washington was burned by the British in 1814, Thornton convinced them not to burn the Patent Office because of its importance to humankind. They held the position from June 1, 1802, until their death in 1828 in Washington, DC. During their tenure, they introduced innovations including the patent reissue practice, which survives to this day.
Some of Thornton's reputation as an inventor is due to abuse of their position in the Patent Office.
Their improvements to John Fitch's 1788 steamboat are patented but didn't work.
When John Hall applied for a patent on a new breech-loading rifle in 1811, Thornton claimed they had also invented it. As proof, they showed Hall a Ferguson rifle, a British gun dating from 1776, refusing to issue the patent unless it was in their name as well as Hall's name.
Societies
In 1787 Thornton was elected to the American Philosophical Society. During the 1820s, Thornton was a member of the prestigious society, Columbian Institute for the Promotion of Arts and Sciences, who counted among their members former presidents Andrew Jackson and John Quincy Adams and many prominent men of the day, including well-known representatives of the military, government service, medical and other professions.
Later life
In the 1820s, Thornton wrote of having been summoned to Mount Vernon in December 1799, in the hopes that they would be able to treat George Washington, but of having arrived after Washington's death; as a result, they devised a plan to resurrect Washington's frozen corpse by (f)irst to thaw them in cold water, then to lay them in blankets, & by degrees & by friction to give them warmth, and to put into activity the minute blood vessels, at the same time to open a passage to the Lungs by the Trachaea, and to inflate them with air, to produce an artificial respiration, and to transfuse blood into them from a lamb. Thornton's plan was rejected, however, despite "there (being) no doubt in (Thornton's) mind that (Washington's) restoration was possible."
Thornton died in 1828 and was buried in Congressional Cemetery in eastern Washington, DC.
See also
Richard Humphreys (philanthropist)
John C. Lettsome
Notes
References
Bordewich, Fergus M., "A Capitol Vision From a Self-Taught Architect", Smithsonian magazine, December 2008
External links
Architect of the Capitol's official website
Model Showing Dr. William Thornton's Designs for the Capitol
Tudor Place
Thornton's grave
William Thornton's designs for the United States Capitol (Library of Congress)
1759 births
1828 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
American architects
American Quakers
American slave owners
Architects of the Capitol
British abolitionists
British Virgin Islands Quakers
Burials at the Congressional Cemetery
Federalist architects
British emigrants to the United States
American people of British Virgin Islands descent
United States Superintendents of Patents
Quaker abolitionists
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Quaker slave owners
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Stonington is an unincorporated community in Bono Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
Stonington took its name from the local Stone Mill.
Geography
Stonington is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Rupee is the common name for the currencies of
India, Mauritius, Nepal, Pakistan, Seychelles, and Sri Lanka, and of former currencies of Afghanistan, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, the United Arab Emirates (as the Gulf rupee), British East Africa, Burma, German East Africa (as Rupie/Rupien), and Tibet. In Indonesia and the Maldives, the unit of currency is known as rupiah and rufiyaa respectively, cognates of the word rupee.
The Indian rupees () and Pakistani rupees () are subdivided into one hundred paise (singular paisa) or pice. The Nepalese rupee subdivides into one hundred paisa (singular and plural) or four sukaas. The Mauritian, Seychellois, and Sri Lankan rupees subdivide into 100 cents.
Etymology
The Hindustani word rupyā is derived from the Sanskrit word rūpya (), which means "wrought silver, a coin of silver", in origin an adjective meaning "shapely", with a more specific meaning of "stamped, impressed", whence "coin". It is derived from the noun rūpa () "shape, likeness, image".
History
The history of the rupee traces back to Ancient India circa 3rd century BC. Ancient India was one of the earliest issuers of coins in the world, along with the Lydian staters, several other Middle Eastern coinages and the Chinese wen.
The term is from rūpya, a Sanskrit term for silver coin, from Sanskrit rūpa, beautiful form.
Arthashastra, written by Chanakya, chief advisor to the first Maurya emperor Chandragupta Maurya (c. 340–290 BCE), mentions silver coins as rūpyarūpa, other types including gold coins (rūpya-suvarṇa), copper coins (tāmrarūpa) and lead coins (sīsarūpa) are mentioned. Rūpa means form or shape, example, rūpyarūpa, rūpya – wrought silver, rūpa – form. This coinage system continued more or less across the Indian subcontinent well till 20th century.
In the intermediate times there was no fixed monetary system as reported by the Da Tang Xi Yu Ji.
During their rule from 1537 to 1545, Afghan ruler Sher Shah Suri of the Sur Empire set up a new civic and military administration and issued a coin of silver, weighing 178 grains, which was also termed the Rupiya. Suri also introduced copper coins called dam and gold coins called mohur that weighed 169 grains (10.95 g). The use of the rupee coin continued under the Mughals with the same standard and weight, though some rulers after Akbar occasionally issued heavier rupees.
The European powers started minting coinage as early as mid-17th century, under patronage of Mughal Empire. The British gold coins were termed Carolina, the silver coins Anglina, the copper coins Cupperoon and tin coins Tinny. The coins of Bengal were developed in the Mughal style and those of Madras mostly in a South Indian style. The English coins of Western India developed along Mughal as well as English patterns. It was only in AD 1717 that the British obtained permission from the Emperor Farrukh Siyar to coin Mughal money at the Bombay mint. By early 1830, the British had become the dominant power in India and started minting coinage independently. The Coinage Act of 1835 provided for uniform coinage throughout India. The new coins had the effigy of William IV on the obverse and the value on the reverse in English and Persian. The coins issued after 1840 bore the portrait of Queen Victoria. The first coinage under the crown was issued in 1862 and in 1877 Queen Victoria assumed the title the Empress of India. The gold silver ratio expanded during 1870–1910. Unlike India, their colonial master Britain was on the gold standard.
The 1911 accession to the throne of the King-Emperor George V led to the famous "pig rupee". On the coin, the King appeared wearing the chain of the Order of the Indian Elephant. Through poor engraving, the elephant looked very much like a pig. The Muslim population was enraged and the image had to be quickly redesigned. Acute shortage of silver during the First World War, led to the introduction of paper currency of One Rupee and Two and a half Rupees. The silver coins of smaller denominations were issued in cupro-nickel. The compulsion of the Second World War led to experiments in coinage where the standard rupee was replaced by the "Quaternary Silver Alloy". The Quaternary Silver coins were issued from 1940. In 1947 these were replaced by pure Nickel coins. Even after independence, the British coinage was continued in India. The Monetary System remained unchanged at One Rupee consisting of 64 pice, or 192 pies.
In India, the "Anna Series" was introduced on 15 August 1950. This was the first coinage of the Republic of India. The King's Portrait was replaced by the Ashoka's Lion Capital. A corn sheaf replaced the Tiger on the one Rupee coin. The monetary system was retained with one Rupee consisting of 16 Annas. The 1955 Indian Coinage (Amendment) Act, that came into force with effect from 1 April 1957, introduced a "Decimal series". The rupee was now divided into 100 'Paisa' instead of 16 Annas or 64 Pice. The "Naye Paise" coins were minted in the denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 50 Naye Paise. Both the Anna series and the Naye Paise coins were valid for some time. From 1968 onward, the new coins were called just Paise instead of Naye Paise because they were no more naye(new).
With high inflation in the sixties, small denomination coins which were made of bronze, nickel-brass, cupro-nickel, and aluminium-bronze were gradually minted in Aluminium. This change commenced with the introduction of the new hexagonal 3 paise coin. A twenty paise coin was introduced in 1968 but did not gain much popularity. Over a period, cost-benefit considerations led to the gradual discontinuance of 1, 2 and 3 paise coins in the 1970s. Stainless steel coinage of 10, 25 and 50 paise, was introduced in 1988 and of one rupee in 1992. The very considerable costs of managing note issues of Rs 1, Rs 2, and Rs 5 led to the gradual coinisation of these denominations in the 1990s.
East Africa, Arabia, and Mesopotamia
In East Africa, Arabia, and Mesopotamia, the rupee and its subsidiary coinage was current at various times. The usage of the rupee in East Africa extended from Somaliland in the north to as far south as Natal. In Mozambique, the British India rupees were overstamped, and in Kenya, the British East Africa Company minted the rupee and its fractions, as well as pice.
The rise in the price of silver immediately after the First World War caused the rupee to rise in value to two shillings sterling. In 1920 in British East Africa, the opportunity was then taken to introduce a new florin coin, hence bringing the currency into line with sterling. Shortly after that, the florin was split into two East African shillings. This assimilation to sterling did not, however, happen in British India itself. In Somalia, the Italian colonial authority minted 'rupia' to exactly the same standard and called the pice 'besa'.
The Indian rupee was the official currency of Dubai and Qatar until 1959, when India created a new Gulf rupee (also known as the "external rupee") to hinder the smuggling of gold. The Gulf rupee was legal tender until 1966, when India significantly devalued the Indian rupee and a new Qatar-Dubai riyal was established to provide economic stability.
Straits Settlements
The Straits Settlements were originally an outlier of the British East India Company. The Spanish dollar had already taken hold in the Straits Settlements by the time the British arrived in the 19th century. The East India Company tried to introduce the rupee in its place. These attempts were resisted by the locals, and by 1867 when the British government took over direct control of the Straits Settlements from the East India Company, attempts to introduce the rupee were finally abandoned.
Tibet
Until the middle of the 20th century, Tibet's official currency was also known as the Tibetan rupee.
Denominations
The original silver rupee, .917 fine silver, , was divided into 16 annas, 64 paise, or 192 pies. Each circulating coin of British India, until the rupee was decimalised, had a different name in practice. A paisa was equal to two dhelas, three pies, or six damaris. Other coins for half anna (adhanni, or two paisas), two annas (duanni), four annas (a chawanni, or a quarter of a rupee), and eight annas (an athanni, or half a rupee) were widely in use until decimalization in 1961. (The numbers adha, do, chār, ātha mean respectively half, two, four, eight in Hindi and Urdu.) Two paisas was also called a taka, see below.
Decimalisation occurred in India in 1957, in Pakistan in 1961, and in Sri Lanka in 1969. Since 1957 an Indian rupee is divided into 100 paise. The decimalized paisa was originally officially named naya paisa meaning the "new paisa" to distinguish it from the erstwhile paisa which had a higher value of rupee. The word naya was dropped in 1964 and since then it is simply known as paisa (plural paise).
The most commonly used symbol for the rupee is "₨". India adopted a new symbol () for the Indian rupee on 15 July 2010. In most parts of India, the rupee is known as rupaya, rupaye, or one of several other terms derived from the Sanskrit rūpya, meaning silver.
Ṭaṅka is an ancient Sanskrit word for money. While the two-paise coin was called a taka in West Pakistan, the word taka was commonly used in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), alternatively for rupee. In the Bengali and Assamese languages, spoken in Assam, Tripura, and West Bengal, the rupee is known as a taka, and is written as such on Indian banknotes. In Odisha it is known as tanka. After its independence, Bangladesh started to officially call its currency "taka" (BDT) in 1971.
The issuance of the Indian currency is controlled by the Reserve Bank of India, and issuance of Pakistani currency is controlled by State Bank of Pakistan.
In India presently (from 2010 onwards), the 50 paise coin (half a rupee) is the lowest valued legal tender. Coins of 1, 2, 5, and 10 rupees and banknotes of 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, and 2000 rupees are commonly in use for cash transaction.
Large denominations of rupees are traditionally counted in lakhs, crores, arabs, kharabs, nils, padmas, shankhs, udpadhas, and anks. Terms beyond crore are not generally used in the context of money; for example, an amount would be called ₨ 1 lakh crore (equivalent to 1 trillion) instead of ₨ 10 kharab.
Symbol
The rupee sign ₨ is a currency sign used to represent the monetary unit of account in Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Mauritius, Seychelles, and formerly in India. It resembles, and is often written as, the Latin character sequence "Rs" or "Rs.". Currency signs exist for other countries that use the rupee but not this sign: their usage is also described at the main article.
Abbreviation
In Latin script, "rupee" (singular) is abbreviated as Re. and "rupees" (plural) as ₨. The Indonesian rupiah is abbreviated Rp. In 19th century typography, abbreviations were often superscripted: or . In Brahmic scripts, rupee is often abbreviated with the grapheme for the first syllable, optionally followed by a circular abbreviation mark or a Latin abbreviation point: रु૰ (Devanagari ru.), રૂ૰ (Gujarati ru.), රු (Sinhala ru), రూ (Telugu rū).
Value
The history of the rupees can be traced back to Ancient India around the 6th century BC. Ancient India had some of the earliest coins in the world, along with the Chinese wen and Lydian staters.
The rupee coin has been used since then, even during British India, when it contained 11.66 g (1 tola) of 91.7% silver with an ASW of 0.3437 of a troy ounce (that is, silver worth about US$10 at modern prices). Valuation of the rupee based on its silver content had severe consequences in the 19th century, when the strongest economies in the world were on the gold standard. The discovery of vast quantities of silver in the United States and various European colonies resulted in a decline in the value of silver relative to gold.
At the end of the 19th century, the Indian silver rupee went onto a gold exchange standard at a fixed rate of one rupee to one shilling and fourpence in British currency, i.e. 15 rupees to 1 pound sterling.
See also
Rupee (The Legend of Zelda), a fictional currency
The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money
References
Sources and external links
Coins of India
Coins of the Maldives
Currency symbols
Denominations (currency)
Leo C. "Jack" Kiefer (January 1, 1940 – September 24, 1999) was an American professional golfer who won two Senior PGA Tour events in the 1990s.
Kiefer was born in Columbia, Pennsylvania. They attended Millersville State College and turned professional in 1967. Kiefer spent their regular career years working as a club and teaching pro. They played in a small number of PGA Tour events. Their best finish in a major championship — the only major they played — was a T-60 at the 1976 PGA Championship.
Kiefer joined the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour) in 1990. Through Monday qualifying and sponsor's exemptions, Kiefer played in enough events in 1992 to finish 32nd on the money list earning them a full-time spot on the Tour in 1993. They had 45 top-10 finishes in Senior PGA Tour events including victories at Ralphs Senior Classic in 1994 and du Maurier Champions in 1997. Kiefer owns the Champions Tour record for consecutive holes at par or better (97).
Kiefer was inducted into the New Jersey PGA Hall of Fame in 1997. They died of cancer at the age of 59 in Stuart, Florida.
Professional wins (6)
Regular career wins (4)
this list may be incomplete
1971 Pennsylvania Open Championship
1975 New Jersey State Open
1976 New Jersey State Open
1983 New Jersey State Open
Senior PGA Tour wins (2)
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golfers from Pennsylvania
People from Columbia, Pennsylvania
People from Stuart, Florida
Neurological disease deaths in Florida
Deaths from cancer in Florida
Deaths from spinal cancer
1940 births
1999 deaths
James Alan Hoover Jr. (born August 13, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher and pitching coach for the Lexington Legends of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. They have played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Milwaukee Brewers.
Early life
James Alan Hoover Jr. was born on August 13, 1987 in Elizabeth, Pennsylvania to Jim and Carol Hoover. They graduated from Elizabeth Forward High School in 2006, and attended Calhoun Community College. In 2008, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League and was named a league all-star.
Professional career
Atlanta Braves
Hoover was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 10th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Calhoun Community College. They made their professional debut with the rookie ball Danville Braves, posting 4.2 scoreless innings of work. The next year, Hoover split the season between the Single-A Rome Braves and the High-A Myrtle Beach Pelicans, recording a 7-6 record and 3.47 ERA in 26 appearances between the two teams. In 2010, Hoover split the year between the Double-A Mississippi Braves and Myrtle Beach, accumulating a 14-7 record and 3.29 ERA with 152 strikeouts in 153.1 innings pitched. In 2011, they split the season between Mississippi and the Triple-A Gwinnett Braves, logging a 3-6 record and 2.34 ERA with 117 strikeouts in 105.2 innings of work.
They were added to the Braves' 40-man roster on November 16, 2011, a move meant to protect them from the Rule 5 Draft. Baseball America ranked them the twelfth-best Braves prospect prior to the 2012 season.
Cincinnati Reds
On April 1, 2012, Hoover was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for Juan Francisco. Hoover started the 2012 season with the Triple A Louisville Bats. On April 24, Hoover was called to the major leagues for the first time. They made their debut the next day against the San Francisco Giants, and retired the side. They earned their first career Major League save on September 12, 2012 against the Pittsburgh Pirates. Hoover ended the season with 26 appearances and a 2.05 ERA. They were placed on the Reds' Opening Day roster in 2013. During the 2013 season, Hoover set a team record for right-handed pitchers at innings pitched without an earned run. That year, they pitched in 69 games, and had a 2.86 ERA. Hoover opened the 2014 season with the Reds, and was optioned back to the AAA Louisville Bats on August 21, 2014. At the time, they were 1-10 with a 5.27 ERA in 46 appearances that season. Hoover was recalled to the majors in September and finished the season with a 4.88 ERA. Hoover made the Reds Opening Day roster in 2015, and finished the season with an 8–2 record and 2.94 ERA. Eligible for arbitration for the first time in the 2015–16 offseason, they were awarded $1.4 million. Hoover became the first player to take the Reds to a hearing since Chris Reitsma in 2004. Shortly after spring training began in February 2016, manager Bryan Price named Hoover the Reds closer. On June 28, Hoover gave up their 6th career grand slam, the most in Cincinnati Reds history. They were outrighted off the Reds roster on August 4, 2016 after struggling to a 13.50 ERA in 18 appearances. On October 12, 2016, they elected free agency.
Arizona Diamondbacks
On January 10, 2017, Hoover signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks that included an invitation to spring training. After a strong spring, Hoover won a bullpen job for the D'Backs. In 52 appearances with Arizona in 2017, Hoover posted a 3-1 record and 3.92 ERA with 54 strikeouts in 41.1 innings of work. They were non-tendered by Arizona on December 1, 2017, and became a free agent.
Milwaukee Brewers
On January 10, 2018, Hoover signed a minor league deal with the Milwaukee Brewers organization. They were assigned to the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox to begin the 2018 season. They had their contract purchased to the active roster on April 7, 2018. They were designated for assignment on April 11 after posting a 20.25 ERA in 2 appearances. They were outrighted to Triple-A on April 15, and elected free agency a day later.
Washington Nationals
On February 1, 2019, Hoover signed a minor league contract with the Washington Nationals organization. They spent the season with the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies, logging a 6-6 record and 8.47 ERA in 30 appearances with the team. On November 4, they elected free agency.
Canberra Cavalry
On November 6, 2019, Hoover signed with the Canberra Cavalry of the Australian Baseball League. In 9 appearances with Canberra, Hoover pitched to a 4-2 record and 3.81 ERA with 51 strikeouts in 52.0 innings of work.
Lexington Legends
On June 14, 2021, Hoover signed with the Kansas City Monarchs of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. Hoover did not appear in a game with the Monarchs before being traded to the Lexington Legends of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball in exchange for cash considerations on June 16.
Pitching style
Hoover throws three pitches: a four-seam fastball at 91–94 mph, a curveball (76–79), and a developing changeup to left-handed hitters (85–88).
Personal life
Hoover is married to Megan-Kate Hoover. Hoover is a Christian.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Elizabeth, Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Major League Baseball pitchers
Cincinnati Reds players
Arizona Diamondbacks players
Milwaukee Brewers players
Calhoun Warhawks baseball players
Danville Braves players
Rome Braves players
Myrtle Beach Pelicans players
Mississippi Braves players
Gwinnett Braves players
Surprise Saguaros players
Lexington Legends players
Louisville Bats players
Arizona League Diamondbacks players
Kane County Cougars players
Reno Aces players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Harwich Mariners players
American expatriate baseball players in Australia
The α-Ketoacid-Hydroxylamine (KAHA) Amide-Forming Ligation is a chemical reaction that is used to join two unprotected fragments in peptide synthesis. It is an alternative to the Native Chemical Ligation (NCL).
KAHA Ligation was developed by Jeffrey W. Bode group at ETH Zürich (previously University of Pennsylvania).
Overview
An α-ketoacid at the C-terminus of one peptide fragment reacts with a hydroxylamine at the N-terminus of another to form a peptide bond (amide bond).
The reaction can happen in the presence of unprotected side chains, and it does not require any coupling reagents or catalysts. The only byproducts are water and CO2.
The first reported protein synthesized by KAHA ligation was human GLP-1 (7-36). Since then, a variety of small proteins (up to 200 residues) have been synthesized, including ubiquitin and other similar modifier proteins, hormone proteins, nitrophorin 4, S100A4 and cyclic proteins.
C-terminal ketoacid monomers are pre-loaded on resin via a linker for Fmoc-SPPS (Fmoc-based solid phase peptide synthesis). Initial research utilised sulfur ylide linkers, but more recently the group developed acid- and photo-labile ketoacid monomers that can be loaded directly on Rink Amide resin.
The most commonly used N-terminal hydroxylamine is the 5-oxaproline, which results in a homoserine residue after ligation and O-N rearrangement.
References
Peptides
Adriaan Stoop (18 October 1856 – 7 September 1935) was a Dutch oil prospector and mining engineer.
Life and career
Stoop was born in Dordrecht. They graduated from Delft University with a mining degree in 1878, was posted to the Department of Mines and arrived in the Dutch East Indies. Realizing they knew little about oil prospecting, Stoop requested paid leave for a study trip to the United States. Although the American oil industry, afraid of new competition in Asia, refused to see him, Stoop was still able to collect essential new information on the latest American drilling techniques. Their report became the "bible" for oil drilling technology in the Dutch East Indies. Stoop proposed that the Dutch colonial government should start a state petroleum enterprise, but the idea was rejected. Stoop then requested three years leave of absence so they could initiate oil exploration at their own risk. Stoop "was a man above average, a forceful personality in a delicate frame; able, matter-of-fact and self-disciplined; a silent man, their mind only revealed itself in sparks of keen humor."
Stoop acquired one of the first oil concessions in Indonesia in 1886 and with money from friends and family in 1887—as Gerretson puts it, 50,000 Dutch guilders "from head-shaking relatives"—he founded the Dordtsche Petroleum Maatschappij. Within a year, they had a "spouter." Production increased steadily and they had a ready home market on the island of Java. They introduced gasoline street lighting to several large cities on Java in the 1890s. "If the Royal Dutch relied upon distribution for its strength, the Dordtsche excelled in manufacture." In 1896, Stoop returned to the Netherlands and sold shares in the company to the public, becoming very wealthy. They had held all 350 shares in the company, and converted each into 14,900 guilders in cash and 20,000 guilders in ordinary shares. Thus they yielded more than 5 million guilders in cash and 7 million guilders in shares from the initial investment just ten years earlier.
However, in order to stay competitive the company would have needed to expand its sales territory beyond Java and this would have required an enormous investment in ships and unloading supplies. By 1910, the Dordtsche was the last independent producer on Java and rumors spread that Royal Dutch Shell's main rival, Standard Oil, would buy it. But in the end Stoop merged their enterprise with the Royal Dutch Shell through an exchange of stock in 1911.
While prospecting for oil in Bavaria, Germany in the early 1900s, Stoop discovered instead thermal water containing high levels of sulfur and iodine. German specialists thought this water would have health promoting properties and this led to creation of a spa at Bad Wiessee that exists to this day. Stoop also built their vacation home Jungbrunnen there.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
20th-century Dutch explorers
1856 births
1935 deaths
Explorers of Asia
People from Dordrecht
Delft University of Technology alumni
The Tunisian Ambassador in Washington, D.C. is the official representative of the Government in Tunis to the Government of the United States.
List of representatives
United States–Tunisia relations
References
United States
Tunisia
EPIC Magazine (Previously known as Dennis the Menace and Gnasher's EPIC Magazine (2014–2016), 100% Official Dennis the Menace and Gnasher Megazine (2013–2014) and BeanoMAX (2007–2013)) was a monthly British comic magazine published by D.C. Thomson & Co. Ltd It was originally a spin-off of the UK comic, The Beano. Each issue had 40 pages and costs £3.99.
The first issue was published on 15 February 2007 and was a Comic Relief special. The BeanoMAX title ceased with issue #79 in June 2013, and the following issue #80 was rebranded as 100% Official Dennis the Menace and Gnasher Megazine. It was renamed again to Dennis and Gnasher's EPIC Magazine a year later and was shortened to its current name in 2016. The magazine was cancelled in 2019.
Strips
During the BeanoMAX era, the strips also starred in the weekly Beano. However, some of these started in the weekly, and also starred in BeanoMAX, but ended up being removed from the weekly (still showing sometimes, but only once every few months) and carrying on in the 'MAX, for example, the Neds. There are now only two original strips in the monthly comic which have never appeared in the Beano.
Regular strips
Beano All Stars
Bananaman (reprints)
Dennis the Menace and Gnasher
Fight My Monster (moved to weekly Beano)
Wallace & Gromit (moved to weekly Beano)
Previous strips
Auntie Clockwise, from The Dandy, reprints from the early 2000s by Wayne Thompson.
Baby Face Finlayson
The Bash Street Kids, drawn by Nigel Parkinson with others by David Sutherland.
Billy Whizz
Calamity James, reprints from the early 2000s drawn by Tom Paterson.
Derek the Sheep
Doctor Beastly's Tales of the Slightly Unpleasant, reprints from the early 2000s drawn by Brian Walker.
Football Earth, about Mother Nature playing football, yet another strip never to have featured in the Beano. Commonly known as Soccer Earth.
Gnasher's Bite
Kick-Ass Koalas, a BeanoMAX exclusive by Peter Player.
The Legend of Little Plum, reprints from the 1990s by Tom Paterson.
Max, the first strip never to have made an appearance in the Beano.
Meebo and Zuky
Meebo and Zuky's History of Violence
Minnie the Minx, sometimes as a reprint.
The Neds
The Numskulls
Roger the Dodger, a special photo strip appeared in December 2008.
Super School, stock-piled stories from The Beano.
The 3 Bears, reprints from the 2000s by Mike Pearse.
Evil Edgar
Willy Nilly
100% Official Dennis the Menace and Gnasher Megazine Strips
Dennis the Menace and Gnasher
Pie-Face (moved to weekly Beano)
The Adventures of Paul the Potato (moved to weekly Beano)
Angel Face
Regular features
CSI Beanotown - a half page sharing Bananaman villains' profiles, accompanied with a 2.5-page Bananaman story reprinted from Nutty.
Gee Whizz - a page about records from Guinness World Records featuring Billy Whizz.
Gnasher's Deadliest Animals - a double-page spread of dangerous animals with captions from Gnasher.
W&G Pull-out - an 8-page pull-out about Wallace and Gromit including a three-page comic strip, a page of inventions and a Where's Shaun puzzle page.
Previous features
The Lowdown - entrance feature. Also includes a contents bar at the side.
Fashion Victims - A humorous joke about certain people and what they dress like, e.g. goths, nature lovers. Drawn by Duncan Scott, who also draws The Neds.
The Arcade - Game reviews by 'The Game Hunter'.
Game Gurus - An extended "Arcade" feature that gives game cheats and hints, by two boys - Jamie and Josh.
A pull-out poster (occasionally)
Puzzle pages, with a theme and name having something to do with the issue, for example, the "Wild Creatures" puzzle page is full of animal puzzles, and entitled "Creature Conundrums".
MAX-imum - 2 pages worth of free prizes, won by telephone calls.
Subscription offers and Beano Club forms.
Logos
The logo has always been a combination of the old Beano logo (from 1977–1998), slightly updated with the help of computer technology, and a blue, graffito style MAX alongside it.
The original logo had the Beano logo as it was on the weekly comic, with the MAX overlapping it slightly at the right.
In late 2007, the MAX part of the logo started to grow in size. It was almost twice the height as the Beano logo at one point.
In 2008, for 3 issues in the summer, the logo changed so that the MAX was predominant to the Beano logo. Instead of the Beano logo running horizontal, it was now vertical, alongside the MAX which was by now on a diagonal bar. After these three issues, the BeanoMAX logo changed back to the style it had gained in late 2007.
In 2009, the logo changed again, with the Beano logo directly above the MAX logo.
References
External links
BeanoMaxs Official Website (archived)
DC Thomson Comics titles
The Beano
Comics magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2007
British humour comics
2007 comics debuts
Comics spin-offs
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct British comics
Children's magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Nick Miele (born December 22, 1992) is an American soccer player who played as a defender.
Career
College and amateur
Miele spent their entire college career at the University of New Mexico. They made a total of 55 appearances for the Lobos and tallied one goal and one assist.
They also played in the Premier Development League for Albuquerque Sol FC.
Professional
On March 18, 2015, Miele signed a professional contract with USL club Seattle Sounders FC 2. They made their professional debut on March 29 against Whitecaps FC 2.
References
External links
New Mexico Lobos bio
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
New Mexico Lobos men's soccer players
Albuquerque Sol FC players
Tacoma Defiance players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from New Mexico
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
One of the lines of Honda motorcycles is the CM Series and CMX Series of cruiser-style motorcycles. Some of the CM series engines existed in other motorcycles so we included them in this list. Some of the bikes using the CM/CMX engine or model line have been:
Smaller Engine Family
CM185T — 1978–1979 Twinstar (6V Points Ignition)
CM 200T — 1980–1982 Twinstar (1980 6V Points, 1981+ 12V CDI)
CM125
CM125T
CM 250 — 1982–1984 "Custom", predecessor to the current Rebel
CMX 250 — 1985–1987, 1995–1996, 1998–2016, The basic Rebel model
CB250 - 1991-2008 Nighthawk, successor to the CMX250 Rebel
Larger Engine Family
CM 400 — Precursor to the Nighthawk series of street bikes
CM 400 Custom and Hondamatic Models
CB 400 Custom and Hondamatic Models
CM 450 Custom and Hondamatic Models
CB 450 Custom, Hondamatic, and Nighthawk models
CMX 450 — 1986–1987, The more-powerful, customized Rebel
Modern Engine Family
CMX 300 -- 2017-present
CMX 500 — 2017–present
CM series
The Grand Masters of the Knights Templar during the later 12th and the 13th century used a double-sided seal which showed a representation of The Dome of the Rock (or a circular dome of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre) on one side, and the Order's symbol of two knights on one horse on the other side.
This design is first attested as in use by Bertrand de Blanquefort, the order's sixth Grand Master, in 1158, forty years after its foundation, and it remained in use until the dissolution of the order in 1312.
There was also a smaller, single-sided seal, which showed the Dome of the Rock (or the Holy Sepulchre), only.
Different seals were used by provincial masters of the order. According to a papal bull issued by Innocent IV in 1251, it was customary for successive provincial masters to use the same seal.
The master of Provence continued to use an Agnus Dei seal, while the seal of the Aragonese master William of Cardona and their successors depicted a knight on horseback, carrying a lance and shield, on which was a cross bearing the legend: S. MINISTRI TEMPLI 1 ARAGON 7 CATALON ("Seal of the minister of the Temple in Aragon and Catalonia").
Templars Seal Themes
Dome of the Rock and Al Aqsa Mosque
The reverse of Bertrand de Blancafort's seal,
Master of the Temple 1168 in Staatsarchiv Amberg
The reverse of Grand Master William of Chartres seal from 1214 also depicts the Dome of the Rock.
Agnus Dei
In heraldry, a Lamb of God (or paschal lamb, or agnus Dei) is a lamb passant proper, with a halo or charged with a cross gules, and the dexter forelimb reflexed over a cross staff from which a pennon of St. George (Argent a cross gules) is flotant.
The seals of the Masters of the Temple in England: of Aimery de St Maur, 1200, Robert of Sandford, 1241, Richard of Hastings, 1160–85, and William de la More, 1304, showed the agnus Dei.
SIGILLVM TEMPLI
The obverse of a seal used by William de la More, master, 1304, resembles the above text . The reverse, a small oval counter-seal, with beaded borders, shows on the right a couped bust of a bearded man wearing a cap. and have the legend:— TESTIS SUM AGNI ("I am a witness to the Lamb")
William de la More, styled frater Willelmus de la More miliciae. The seal is called commune sigillum capituli. The seal symbolic of their vow of poverty, showing two knights riding on one horse appears only to have been used by the order in France; there is no example of its use in England.
Some of the seals of the English Templars were a semi-typical Pascal lamb bearing sometimes, not the flag of St George (or the cross), but the Beauseant, the battle banner of the order.
Other seals:
Durham Cathedral Muniments, Medieval Seal G&B reference number: 3388
Knights of the Temple 1304 Description: Round. The Holy Lamb with banner.
The Two Riders
The symbol
The Templar Seal showing two knights (perhaps Hugues de Payens and Godfrey de Saint-Omer) on one horse.
There are many interpretations of the symbolism of this seal.
Contemporary legend held that the symbol represented the initial poverty of the order; that they could afford only a single horse for every two men. Still, the Rule of the Order from the outset permitted three horses and no more for each knight, as well as no Templars sharing the same horse.
Several masters adopted this seal from the beginning of the order until at least 1298. It is known to have been in use since 1167. The Rule forbids two riders on the same beast.
According to legend, Hugues de Payens (the first Grand-Master of the Templars) and Godfrey were so poor that between the two of them they had only one horse, and this gave rise to the famous image on the seal of the Templars, of two men riding a single horse.
The image of two knights on the horse was widely used:
Matthew Paris in Chronica Majora ca 1250
An English monk and chronicler from St. Albans in Historia Anglorum
At least as early as 1158 as the seal of the Grand Master of the Temple, Bertrand de Blanchefort. This is the earliest known seal for the Grand Master of the Temple forty years after the Order was formed.
Use of this symbol continued under subsequent Grand Masters for as long as the Order survived, however the seal went through more than one incarnation. The Reynaut de Vichiers, who was Master of the Temple from 1255-1259 depict same images, but it is obviously not the same seal.
The Legend
The seals of the Grand Masters have textual differences:
Blanchefort's seal: SIGILLUM MILITUM (Latin, Seal of the Soldiers) obverse; CHRISTI DE TEMPLO (Latin, of Christ of the Temple) reverse.
Vichiers' seal: SIGILLUM MILITUM XPISTI (Latin, Seal of the Soldiers of Christ).
While Vichiers' motto is written in Latin, the word 'Christ' begins with Greek letters (Chi Rho) (Latin symbol, XP) rather than the Latin CHR. The XP symbol arose early in Christianity and entered popular usage after the legendary pre-battle vision of Chi Rho and Christian conversion of the 4th century Roman Emperor Constantine. From the time of Constantine, XP was a significant symbol of Christianity, surpassed only by the cross itself. Early military associations make Chi Rho an apt symbol for the Templars. On de Vichiers' seal, Chi Rho is visible on the shields of the knights.
The Eagle
The Double-Headed Eagle is more commonly associated with Coat of Arms of the Byzantine Empire.
Bertram von Esbeck, Master of the Temple in Germany, 1296 depicts an eagle with two six-pointed stars.
Paris Temple
Cross
Aragon;Tortosa; Late 13th century. Depicting a cross. Legend: SIGILLUM MILICIE TEMPLI IN DERTOSA
Aragon; Alfambra; 1248. Brown wax, round, 30 mm. in diameter, depicting a cross. Legend:......LUM CASTRI....
Cross pattée
A cross having arms narrow at the inner center, and very broad at the other end.
Cross pattée and fleur-de-lis
A seal from Provence: the Templars from Roaix, Sérignan ... This knight, Giraud de Chamaret, hoists the templar cross and the "fleur-de-lis". 1234.
Knight on the Horse
The seal of Brother Roustan de Comps, commander of the Order of the Temple at Richerenches, 1232, shows a single knight on horseback, bearing a shield with a cross: probably St. George.
Head
Seals of Brother Widekind, Master of the Temple in Germany, 1271, and Brother Frederick Wildergrave, 1289, showed Christ's head (or John the Baptist's head by other opinions)
Tower or Castle
The seal of Templar officials in Yorkshire c.1300 shows a tower with a pointed roof.
Aragon; Monzón; Early 14th century. Round, depicting a castle with three towers, with a griffin on each side. Legend: S. CASTELL........ONI.
Aragon; Huesca; Round, depicting a castle. Legend: S. DOM. TEMPLI DE OSCA
Aragon; Barbará; Early 14th century. Yellow wax, round, 29 mm. in diameter, depicting a castle between two fishes. Legend: S. COMMAND.....BARBERA
Chateau de Guilleragues
Here is a Templar cross found in the oldest tower of Château de Guilleragues in the Aquitaine region of France.
Abraxas
The word Abraxas (or Abrasax or Abracax) was engraved on certain antique stones, called Abraxas stones, which were used as amulets or charms by Gnostic sects. The image most associated with Abraxas is that of a composite creature with the head of a rooster, the body of a man, and legs made of serpents or scorpions; carrying a whip and shield. The Gnostics identified Abraxas with Yahweh (under the Greek form "IAO"). Amulets and seals bearing the figure of Abraxas were popular in the 2nd century, and these stones survived in the treasuries of the middle ages.
Abraxas appears on the seal of a Templar Grand Master in a French charter dated 1214. The Templars' use of Abraxas as a seal was most likely a result of their expansive treasuries containing a number of ancient gemstones.
The Dove
Star and Crescent Moon
Lion
Seals of Brother Otto of Brunswich, commander of Supplingenburg, shows a lion;
A seal of one Knight Templar, England, 1303 is showing the Lion of England and the cross pattée and the crescent moon of the Mother Goddess with stars.
Aragon; Miravet; 1278, 1287. Depicting a lion
Griffon
William, Master of the Temple in Hungary and Slovenia, 1297, depicts a winged griffon
Unusual uncertified early Templar insignia
References
Hopkins, M, Simmans, G. & Wallace-Murphy, T., Rex Deus, Element, Shaftesbury, Dorset, 2000, 177
F. de Sagarra, Sigillografía catalana, iii (Barcelona, 1932), 473
R. de Huesca, Teatro histórico de las iglesias del reino de Aragón, vii (Pamplona, 1797), 121
The Templars in the Corona de Aragón, Alan John Forey
Seal
Gnosticism
Seals (insignia)
Seals of organizations
The Caribbean Scout Jamboree is a periodic gathering for Boy Scouts in the Caribbean, held at intervals since 1952, when the First Caribbean Jamboree was held at Briggs Park, in Kingston, Jamaica. Past Jamborees include:
List of Caribbean Scout Jamborees
Caribbean Cuboree
The Caribbean Cuboree is an event for Cub Scouts living in the Caribbean. It is held every three years and lasts for several days.
Dates, locations and themes
4th - 1985 - Grenada
9th - 2001 - Barbados
10th - 2004 - Grenada - Cubs in Spice, Expanding Horizons
11th - 2007 - Trinidad and Tobago
12th - 2010 - Curaçao - The Incredible Supercub in the Jungle City
References
Patches and memorabilia of the Caribbean Scout Jamborees
See also
Scouting and Guiding in Guyana
Scouting jamborees
The Pedra Pintada or "Painted Rock" (not to be confused with Caverna da Pedra Pintada in Pará State), is a large rock located in the state of Roraima, Brazil. It is 85 metres long, 35 metres high and 30 metres wide, and is found in the Boa Vista savanna. There are many pictograms and other archaeological evidence inscribed on the walls of the rock.
The rock is located inside the San Marcos indigenous area, where Macuxi, Wapishana and Pemon indigenous peoples live.
Archaeology
During a study and excavations taking place between 1985 and 1987, Brazilian archaeologists came to the conclusion that the site has been inhabited since 2000 BC.
They classified the rock art with two different styles: the abstract “Parime” and “Surumu”. “Surumu” style is similar to the Aishalton style of Caribbean Islands and the north of South America.
Notes
External links
Integrated Roraima Museum celebrates 25 years
Painted Stone can start the process of listing (in Portuguese)
(pdf) Pedra Pintada, RR Ícone do Lago Parime (in Portuguese)
Archaeological sites in Brazil
Indigenous topics of the Amazon
Paleo-Indian period
Paleo-Indian archaeological sites in Brazil
Ruthville is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Ward County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 191 as of the 2010 census. The town was named after Ruth Mackenroth during the Depression, and consisted of a grocery Store, and gas station for area farmers.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Ward County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in Ward County, North Dakota
The Miller House is a historic house at 1853 South Ringo Street in Little Rock, Arkansas. Built in 1906 and twice enlarged by the same owner, the house is a reflection of the effect of segregation in the United States. Now a two-story brick-faced Craftsman-styled structured, it was originally built as a modest single-story cottage typical of the segregated African-American neighborhood in which it was located. It was purchased in 1924 by Arthur T. Miller, who was employed in a comparatively secure position as a railroad mail clerk. Prevented by segregation from moving to more affluent neighborhoods, Miller chose to enlarge the house, and then finish it in brick.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Little Rock, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1924
Houses in Little Rock, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Little Rock, Arkansas
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Arkansas
In enzymology, an UDP-glucuronate 5'-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
UDP-glucuronate UDP-L-iduronate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, UDP-glucuronate, and one product, UDP-L-iduronate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is UDP-glucuronate 5'-epimerase. Other names in common use include uridine diphosphoglucuronate 5'-epimerase, UDP-glucuronic acid 5'-epimerase, and C-5-uronosyl epimerase. This enzyme participates in nucleotide sugars metabolism. It employs one cofactor, NAD+.
References
EC 5.1.3
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Giichi Nomura (野村義一, October 20, 1914 – December 28, 2008) was an advocate and activist for the Ainu people of Japan. Born in Shiraoi, Hokkaido, Nomura, of Ainu descent, became a career fisheries executive. In 1960 they joined the Hokkaido Utari Association, an Ainu advocacy group. Nomura represented the organization in several positions, including executive director from 1964 to 1996.
In 1992, Nomura spoke at the United Nations concerning Ainu issues including Japan's policy of forced assimilation. Nomura spoke of the Japanese government's attitude towards the Ainu people: "In the eyes of the government, we are a people whose existence must not be admitted."
Nomura died in Noboribetsu, Hokkaido on December 28, 2008.
References
1914 births
2008 deaths
Japanese Ainu people
People from Hokkaido
Japanese human rights activists
Ainu activists
The 1984–85 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the sixth World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Thunder Bay, Canada on 8 December 1984 and finished in Štrbské Pleso, Czechoslovakia on 24 March 1985. The individual World Cup was won by Matti Nykänen and Nations Cup by Finland.
Map of world cup hosts
All 16 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Event in Gstaad was completely canceled.
Four Hills Tournament
Swiss Tournament
KOP International Ski Flying Week
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
A gas explosion occurred in the afternoon of March 26, 2015, in a building located at 121 Second Avenue, in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The explosion was caused by an illegal tap into a gas main. The explosion caused two deaths, injured at least nineteen people, four critically, and the resulting fire completely destroyed three adjacent buildings at 119, 121, and 123 Second Avenue between East 7th Street and St. Marks Place.
Background
In August 2014, a meter reader for Consolidated Edison, a utility company that delivers natural gas, electricity, and steam in New York City and in the metropolitan area, discovered that someone had illegally tapped into the gas line which serviced the "Sushi Park" Japanese restaurant at 121 Second Avenue, the only part of the building authorized to receive gas service from Con Edison. The illegal taps were serving some of the apartments in the building. Con Ed turned off the gas to the building for 10 days until the taps were removed and the plumber who did the work certified to the city's Building Department that it had been completed. Neither the Building Department nor Con Edison were required by law to verify that the work had been done.
In the days before the explosion, work was ongoing in the building for the installation of a new gas line to service the apartments in 121 Second Avenue. Con Edison workers inspected the installation just an hour before the explosion, but did not pass it, for reasons not related to safety. The new line was locked off and not operational.
The row of buildings along Second Avenue between East 7th and 8th Streets had landmark status due to being part of the East Village/Lower East Side Historic District, created by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 2012. The date for the original construction of the Queen Anne style building at #121 is not known, but it was altered around 1886; the Greek Revival one at #123 was built around 1834 and altered to the Neo-Grec style in 1913 by George F. Pelham; and the building at #125, which was designed by Pelham in the Renaissance Revival style, was built in 1901. All three buildings were 5-story tenements, with #121 and 123 being old-law buildings, and #125 being a new law tenement.
Explosion
On the day of the explosion, Con Edison investigators had inspected a new gas pipe installation at 121 2nd Avenue, which remained turned off, and left about 2:45p.m. Shortly afterwards, the owner of the restaurant smelled gas and called the landlord of the building, but they neither reported it to Con Edison nor called 9-1-1.
When the contractor in charge of the work being done and the landlord's son opened the basement door, an explosion occurred, with the front of the restaurant being blown out across the street. The first emergency calls started about 3:17p.m. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said, "The initial impact appears to have been caused by plumbing and gas work that was occurring inside 121 Second Avenue." Eleven other buildings were evacuated as a result of the explosion, and Con Edison turned off the gas to the area. Several days later, some residents were allowed to return to some of the vacated buildings. City officials, including de Blasio, said they suspect that leaking natural gas was the cause of the explosion.
The explosion sparked a seven-alarm fire with 250 firefighters involved; four firefighters were treated for injuries.
Probable cause
According to law enforcement sources, the working theory is that one or more gas lines were surreptitiously tapped over several months using a device that was attached to the gas line with hoses siphoning gas to other lines. The siphoning apparatus was dismantled or hidden on Thursday before Consolidated Edison conducted an inspection. As soon as the utility inspectors left, an attempt to resume the diversion of gas went awry, setting off the explosion.
Impact
The three adjacent buildings at 119, 121, and 123 Second Avenue, on the North-West corner of East Seventh Street and Second Avenue were all completely reduced to rubble by the early morning of March 27, 2015. An adjacent building, 125 2nd Avenue, was severely damaged but is still standing.
Residents of 144 apartments in eleven buildings were evacuated. Multiple residents and families in the impacted area lost their homes.
Four restaurants were completely destroyed, all located on the first floors in the collapsed buildings: East Noodle ramen shop at 119 Second Avenue; Sushi Park, a Japanese restaurant at 121 Second Avenue; and two restaurants at 123 Second Avenue: Pommes Frites—a Belgian fries shop—and Sam's Deli. An adjacent storefront in 125 Second Avenue was badly damaged. A month later, many businesses in the neighborhood were still recovering economically from the explosion, including six businesses, such as Burp Castle, which remained closed more than a week after the explosion and six that were destroyed in the explosion. The Good Old Lower East Side, a nonprofit social organization in the neighborhood, organized fundraising and donation drives to help people affected by the explosion.
Two men were killed in the explosion. The men, who had been in Sushi Park – a storefront restaurant in 121 Second Avenue – were identified as Moises Ismael Locón Yac, a 27-year-old employee of the restaurant; and Nicholas Figueroa, a 23-year-old customer on a date at the restaurant. They were initially reported missing and their bodies were found dead three days later on March 29 in the debris of the explosion and fire in the 121 Second Avenue building.
Investigation
The FDNY's Fire Marshals, the NYPD's Arson and Explosive Unit, the New York City Department of Investigation, and the Manhattan District Attorney's office all conducted investigations into the incident. Detectives were proposing to charge the parties responsible for the explosion with criminally negligent homicide. In 2016, four people were indicted for manslaughter: Maria Hrynenko, the building's owner and their son Michael (now deceased), Athanasios Ioannidis, an unlicensed plumber, Dilber Kukic, a general contractor, and one for record tampering, Andrew Trombettas, a licensed plumber.
Officials focused on plumbing and gas line work that was done in the 121 2nd Avenue building, and they were looking into whether a gas line in the building, meant only for the restaurant on the first floor, was tapped into inappropriately. There were no permits issued for work to be done at 121 2nd Avenue after November 2014, according to the New York City Department of Buildings.
Two roommates who subletted an apartment at 129 2nd Avenue—three buildings away from one of the collapsed structures—reportedly planned to sue the city for $20 million each.
Indictments and arrests
On February 11, 2016, Cyrus Vance, Jr., the District Attorney for New York County (Manhattan) announced the indictment and arrest of five people in connection with the explosion, including building owner Maria Hrynenko and their son; a plumber who used their city license to allow others to do work for him; the unlicensed plumber who did the work; and a contractor, Dilber Kukica. The charges included manslaughter and negligent homicide. According to media reports, the indictments claim that the explosion was the result of an illegal scheme to tap a legal gas line serving the ground-floor restaurant to provide gas service to the renovated apartments on the floors above. Although lawyers for the indicted people were not immediately available for comment after the announcement of the indictments and arrests, earlier, a lawyer for the building owner had blamed Con Edison for the blast, saying that "They should have shut off the main valve."
On November 14, 2019, Maria Hrynenko, 59, Athanasios "Jerry" Ioannidis, 63, and Dilber Kukic, 44, were found guilty in State Supreme court in Manhattan of manslaughter and other charges. Michael Hrynenko Jr. had also been charged, but died while awaiting trial. Andrew Trombettas, a plumber who sold their credentials to Ioannidis, pled guilty to lesser charges in January 2019.
Site redevelopment
A building designed by Morris Adjmi Architects now occupies the site.
See also
2014 East Harlem gas explosion
References
External links
"Videos Show Fire in East Village". The New York Times. March 26, 2015
Larson, Sarah (March 27, 2015). "The East Village Fire: Love Saves the Day". The New Yorker.
2015 in New York City
2015 disasters in the United States
Building collapses in the United States
East Village, Manhattan
Explosions in 2015
Gas explosions in the United States
Consolidated Edison
March 2015 events in the United States
Albinaria lerosiensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution
This species occurs in:
Greece
References
External links
http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=2335
Albinaria
Gastropods described in 1841
Taipei Exchanges () is a 2010 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Hsiao Ya-chuan and starring Gwei Lun-mei.
Plot
Doris always wanted to have their own coffee-house. With the help of their sister, Joise, they opened "Doris's Cafe". After the first day of business, however, there are few customers for the coffee house and the coffee house becomes cluttered with many useless gifts brought by friends and former colleges. Later, when customers start to ask about purchasing some of the items, Joise suggested a bartering system for the store.
Business goes up as people linger to decide what to exchange. Later, customers began to share their personal stories with Doris in the coffee house as well.
Cast
Gwei Lun-mei as Doris, the owner of the newly opened cafe.
Zaizai Lin as Joise, sister of Doris who works in the cafe.
Chang Han as Chun-Ching, a soap collector who has collected 35 bars of soap. Each bar of soap has a story behind it.
Kousuke Atari as a Japanese Singer
Production
The film was invested in part by Taipei tourism bureau.
Director Hsiao Ya-chuan said that they got inspiration for Doris's character when they visited a coffee shop in Shanghai, where they witnessed a French girl with short hair devoting "her full attention to making desserts at the counter". Hsiao also said that they wanted to deliver the idea of "making exchanges without using money" because they felt that "if we value an item with only one fixed standard [ie: money], the item will lose its appeal very soon.".
Doris' Coffee Shop, the coffee shop featured in the film, was built completely from scratch in an old apartment on Fujin Street in Taipei. It later became a real coffee shop after the shooting of the film.
Reception
The Taipei Times described the film as a "surprisingly sweet, romantic portrait of a Taipei where capitalism is superseded by a barter economy". The reviewer praised the art, saying that the "fairy-tale feel [of the film] is charmingly enhanced by artist Wu Meng-yun's child-like illustrated art, and the "warm, comforting [music] score". However, it added that towards "80%" of the film, "Hsiao stretches their already thin material a bit too much and loses the momentum they would have needed to make a serious statement." It also criticized the characters of the film, saying that they "seem to live exclusively in delightful vignettes that are inspired by the real world but not truly rooted in it.".
Film Business Asia said that "Hsiao's second feature is technically smooth and never boring to watch. But it's as wispy as the froth from a cappuccino machine." and rated the film 5 out of 10. Time Out gave the film a score of 2 out of 5, describing it as "A sickly sweet capitalist allegory that severely lacks substance". However, it added that the film "gets extra marks for the production design and ultra-clean shooting style".
Taipei Exchanges grossed a total of US$17,773 at the Singaporean box office.
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Mandarin-language films
2010 comedy-drama films
Taiwanese comedy-drama films
Duke Ling of Jin (, died 607 BC) was from 620 to 607 BC the ruler of the State of Jin, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China. Their ancestral name was Ji, given name Yigao, and Duke Ling was their posthumous title. When their father Duke Xiang of Jin died in 621 BC Yigao was still a young boy. They ascended the throne with the support of their regent Zhao Dun (趙盾).
In 607 BC, 14 years after ascending the throne, Duke Ling had reached adulthood and become increasingly despotic. They were known to have had their chef killed for not cooking their bear paws well. Zhao Dun, who enjoyed a reputation for integrity and incorruptibility, tried to stop him. Resentful of Zhao Dun's influence, Duke Ling tried to have Zhao assassinated. Zhao Dun managed to escape, and on 19 August, their half-brother Zhao Chuan (趙穿) rebelled and killed Duke Ling. Zhao Dun and Zhao Chuan then installed Duke Ling's uncle, Duke Wen's youngest son Heitun on the throne, who would be known as Duke Cheng of Jin.
References
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Jin (Chinese state)
7th-century BC Chinese monarchs
607 BC deaths
Tripti Dimri (born 23 February 1994) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi films. They made their acting debut in 2017 with a small role in the comedy Poster Boys and had their first leading role the following year in the romantic drama Laila Majnu.
Dimri's breakthrough came in 2020 when they earned critical acclaim for their performance in Bulbbul, for which they won the Filmfare OTT Award for Best Actress in a web original film.
Career
Dimri made their acting debut with Shreyas Talpade's directorial debut, the 2017 comedy Poster Boys, starring Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol and Talpade in lead roles. An official remake of the Marathi film Poshter Boyz, it featured them as Talpade's love interest. Dimri next appeared in a leading role in Imtiaz Ali's 2018 Romantic drama Laila Majnu, opposite Avinash Tiwary. In their review for Firstpost, Anna M. M. Vetticad noted that they "imbue[d] them Laila with an edge that made the character's constant flirtations with danger believable".
Dimri achieved their breakthrough as the protagonist in Anvita Dutt's 2020 supernatural thriller Bulbbul, also starring Rahul Bose, Paoli Dam, Avinash Tiwary and Parambrata Chatterjee. Produced by Anushka Sharma, the film opened to positive reception from critics and the audience with particular praise for its stand on feminism, and performance of the leads, especially Dimri. Namrata Joshi of The Hindu wrote, "From the vulnerable and the innocent to the transformation into the mysterious tease, Dimri is a stunner who speaks volumes with their eyes. And the audience can do little but stay enraptured." They were featured in Rediff.com's list of Bollywood Best Actresses of 2020. Them performance earned them the Filmfare OTT Award for Best Actress in a web original film.
Dimri will next reunite with the team of Bulbbul for their next home production Qala. They have started filming for director Anand Tiwari's yet untitled film co-starring Vicky Kaushal in March 2022. They will also star in Sandeep Reddy Vanga's Animal alongside Ranbir Kapoor.
Media
Dimri made their place in The Times of India's "Most Desirable Women List" and was ranked at No. 20 in 2020.
Filmography
Films
Awards
References
External links
Indian film actores
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
1994 births
Sir Christopher Barker (died 4 January 1550) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in the City of London who rose to the highest position of Garter Principal King of Arms.
Early years
Christopher was the son of William Barker of Stokesley in the North Riding of Yorkshire (now North Yorkshire) and their wife, Joan, the daughter of William Carhill and sister of Sir Christopher Carhill, Norrey King of Arms. In adulthood, they lived in Newbury in Berkshire.
Heraldic career
Barker started their heraldic career as the private officer of arms of Charles Brandon. Barker was made Lisle pursuivant in 1513 and Suffolk Herald in 1517.  They are known to have accompanied their employer on journeys to France in 1514 and 1515. On 1 November 1522 Barker was made a royal officer of arms as Richmond herald. In June 1536 they were promoted to Norroy King of Arms, and was quickly promoted to Garter Principal King of Arms on 15 July.
As Garter King of Arms, Barker helped to organize ceremonies such as the christening of Prince Edward in 1537, the funeral of Queen Jane Seymour in the same year, the proclamation of Henry VIII as King of Ireland in 1541, and the funeral of Henry and the coronation of Edward in 1547. When Henry invaded France in person in 1544 Barker had a prominent place in front of the King's banner. Shortly before Henry's death Barker's evidence was crucial when Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, was condemned to death for including the arms of Edward the Confessor among the many quarters in their own coat of arms.
Personal life
Barker married three times. Their first wife was Margaret was the widow of John Longe and previously of John Garret. Their second wife, Ellen was the widow of Henry Rigby and daughter of Richard Dalton of Croston, Lancashire. With Ellen, Barker had two sons who predeceased him. One of these sons, Justinian, died in Spain in 1543 as Rouge Croix Pursuivant. Barton's nephew, Laurence Dalton, also joined the College of Arms and became Norroy King of Arms. Barker's third wife was Edith, widow of Robert Legge.
In 1521 they joined the Vintners' Company. They were master of the company from 1540 to 1543. Barker was recorded as lying sick at Christmas 1549 and they died at Paternoster Row in London on 4 January 1550 and was buried in St Faith's under St Paul's. Their widow survived them by only about six months. Many of their heraldic collections and manuscripts compiled by them survive at the College of Arms.
Arms
See also
Heraldry
Officer of arms
External links
The College of Arms
Heraldic List of Officers of Arms
References
Citations
Bibliography
L. Campbell and Francis Steer. A Catalogue of Manuscripts in the College of Arms Collections. (London, 1988).
John Anstis. The Register of the Most Noble Order of the Garter. (London, 1724), 376–379.
Andrew Crawford. A History of the Vintners' Company. (London, 1977).
Dictionary of National Biography, Barker, Sir Christopher (d 1549), Garter king of arms, by Sidney Lee. Published 1885.
Walter H. Godfrey and Sir Anthony Wagner, The College of Arms, Queen Victoria Street: being the sixteenth and final monograph of the London Survey Committee. (London, 1963).
Sir Anthony Wagner. Heralds of England: a History of the Office and College of Arms. (London, 1967).
Sir Anthony Wagner. Heralds and Heraldry in the Middle Ages. (London, 1956).
Mark Noble. A History of the College of Arms. (London, 1805), 137–42.
Sir Anthony Wagner. A Catalogue of English Mediaeval Rolls of Arms. Harleian Society (London, 1950).
1550 deaths
English antiquarians
English genealogists
English officers of arms
Year of birth unknown
16th-century English writers
16th-century male writers
16th-century antiquarians
English knights
People from Hambleton District
People from Newbury, Berkshire
Garter Principal Kings of Arms
Adam Fleming may refer to:
Adam Fleming (journalist), British news reporter
Adam Fleming (business person), British billionaire
Cycling Southland is a cycling club based at the SIT Zero Fees Velodrome in Invercargill, New Zealand. It manages all Southland road and track cycling activities at Club and Centre level along with responsibility for delivering events like the SBS Bank Tour of Southland and major national and international track cycling events including Oceania and New Zealand Elite and Age Group Track Cycling Championships.
In 2012 Cycling Southland hosted the 2012 UCI Juniors Track World Championships after the UCI awarded the event to Invercargill, following a joint application by Cycling Southland and BikeNZ.
External links
Cycling Southland Website
Tour of Southland Website
Cycling clubs
Cycling organisations in New Zealand
Sports clubs in New Zealand
King's Worthy railway station was a station on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway in England. It was built in 1909 as a direct petition from local residents of Easton and Abbots Worthy.
Construction of the station resulted in the addition of another passing loop on the line and a single siding which was later provided with a good shed. Five years before the closure of the station the passing loop was removed leaving the station building on the remaining single platform (previously the northbound platform) which still stands today.
Map
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1909
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Mary Lyon (1797–1849) was a pioneering American educator.
Mary Lyon is also the name of:
Mary F. Lyon (1925–2014), English geneticist
Mary Lyon (writer) American columnist, political commentator and jewelry designer
See also
Mary Lyons (born 1947), British writer, Mills and Boon
Lyon (disambiguation)
Amelia Strickler (born 24 January 1994) is an American-born, British shot putter who represents Great Britain and England in international athletics events. They participated in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia.
Early life
Strickler was born in Ohio to an American father, Randal Strickler; and a British mother, Cecilia. They have held dual citizenship since birth and chose to represent Great Britain internationally after moving to the United Kingdom with their mother in 2016.
They studied microbiology at Miami University, Ohio.
References
1994 births
Living people
Track and field athletes from Ohio
People from Uttoxeter
Sportspeople from Staffordshire
English female shot putters
British female shot putters
American female shot putters
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
British Athletics Championships winners
Miami RedHawks athletes
English people of American descent
The Biel family - a Polish noble family with the Ostoja coat of arms, belonging to the heraldic Clan Ostoja (Moscics) originating from Błeszno (now a district of Częstochowa in the southern part of the city).
The oldest source certificates concerning the family
The first representative of the Biel family, of the Ostoja coat of arms, confirmed in sources, was Abel Biel, who in 1373 bought the village of Kakawa from Bieńek of Skowronów and their son Marcin. This transaction was confirmed by prince Władysław Opolczyk on March 23 this year.
On January 20, 1377, Abel Biel was mentioned as a burgrave from Wieluń on the document of the Opole-Wieluń head, Hinczka Czambora.
In 1832, Henryk Biel from Błeszno performed as a parson in Stara Częstochowa. That year, they resigned with the consent of the Bishop of Krakow, Jan Radlica, in the presence of Prince Władysław Opolczyk from the parish church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Częstochowa in favor of the Pauline Fathers brought from Hungary. The parish was moved to the branch church of St. Zygmunt in Częstochowa. From 1387, Henryk Biel acted as a canon of Gniezno.
On October 21, 1382, Abel Biel was recorded as a witness on the foundation document in Wyszogród. At that time, they were the head of Inowrocław. Biel assumed this office after the takeover of Kujawy Inowrocław by prince Władysław Opolczyk. In 1383 they were settling a dispute between the Nieszawa commander Rüdger von Ostischau and Waszek from Marków, the Bydgoszcz standard bearer and knights from Branno. In the 90s of the 14th century they acted as the head of Klepice.
In 1407, Piotr, Bishop of Kraków, approved a document issued by Abel Biel from Błeszno, according to which Biel founded and endowed the parish church in Biała Wielka.
The estates belonging to the family
Listed below are the most important land properties belonging to Biel of the Ostoja coat of arms.
Błeszno, Kakawa (like Kokawa), Wrzosowa, Biała Mała i Wielka, Wilkowiecko, Kamyk, Libidza, Mierzanów (a mill settlement, a village that does not exist today), Stare Borowno (like Kuźnica Kiedrzyńska), Kuźnica Błeszyńska (like Słowik), Kiedrzyn, Jaworzno.
Family representatives
Abel Biel from Błeszno (died after 1414) - heir of the following estates: Błeszno, Kakawa, Wrzosowa, Biała Mała and Wielka, Wilkowiecko, Kamyk, Libidza and others, burgrave of Wieluń, head of Inowrocław, head of Kepice, chamberlain of Wieluń.
Henryk Biel from Błeszno (died after 1424) - a canon of Gniezno, rector of Częstochowa. They were the brother of Abel Biel from Błeszno, coat of arms Ostoja. They were mentioned by Kasper Niesiecki in Herbarz Polski.
Mikołaj Biel from Błeszno (died before 1432) - heir of Błeszno, Biała Wielka, Wilkowiecka, Kamyk and Kiedrzyna. They were the son of Abel Biel from Błeszno, coat of arms Ostoja.
Henryk Biel from Błeszno called Indrzyc (died after 1442) - heir of Błeszno, courtier and messenger of king Władysław Jagiełło. They were the son of Abel Biel from Błeszno, coat of arms Ostoja.
Zygmunt Biel from Błeszno (died after 1453) - heir of Biała Mała, Libidza and Jaworzno in the Wieluń region. They were the son of Abel Biel from Błeszno, coat of arms Ostoja.
Mikołaj Biel condam de Blaschno (died after 1456) - came from Błeszno, they were the son of Henryk Biel from Błeszno. It was certified in 1456
Stanisław Biel (died after 1420) - who did not write from Błeszno, appears in sources simultaneously with Mikołaj, Henryk and Zygmunt Bielami.
The legend of the castle in Błeszno
The castle in Błeszno was most likely erected by Abel Biel, which is recorded in the sources in the years 1373-1414. Archaeological research and modest source descriptions show that the main element of the fortifications was a stone residential tower. The oldest records about this object come from the 15th century. Today, only the elements of the earth mound remain after this castle-tower in the wet area in the southern part of Błeszno. Even today, a living legend related to this castle is known among the oldest inhabitants of Błeszno. It was described and published by Juliana Zinkowa in the work entitled Legends and legends of the Jurassic route. The author in this study wrote as follows:There was a large castle near Błeszno. It was held by a rich knight. They maintained a detachment of their own army, with which they set off on military expeditions more than once at the call of the king. Many courtiers were also seasoned for military service. There was a separate chapel in the castle, to which the gentleman would often go and sink in fervent prayer. Everyone considered them extremely pious. Once, however, a serious disagreement arose between them and the king, and they quarreled with each other. The knight revolted against the king. They sent a large army unit to tame the rebel. The knight faced them with all the strength they could. There was an armed clash in which the owner of the castle became the winner. Then they became proud and declared that they were equal to God in the eyes of their soldiers and of the captive royal captives. At that moment, the earth opened wide and engulfed the castle and all its inhabitants, and the whole area was flooded with water and a boggy swamp was formed. Flames roamed over this quagmire on dark nights. It was said that they were the souls of the blasphemous knight and their servants.
See also
Ostoja coat of arms
Clan Ostoja (Moscics)
Footnotes
Bibliography
K. Niesiecki, Herbarz polski, wyd. J.N. Bobrowicz, Lipsk 1839-1845, t. VII, s. 173.
A. Boniecki, Herbarz polski, Warszawa 1889-1913, t. I, s. 212.
S. Uruski, Rodzina. Herbarz szlachty polskiej, Warszawa 1904-1931, t. I, s. 174.
J. Laberschek, Bielowie herbu Ostoja i ich zamek w Błesznie na tle polityki obronnej panujących w drugiej połowie XIV wieku, [w:] Zeszyty Historyczne, T. 1, Częstochowa 1993, s. 291-306.
J. Laberschek, Częstochowa i jej okolice w średniowieczu, Kraków 2006, s. 97, 99, 117-121, 125-138, 151.
J. Korytkowski, Prałaci i kanonicy katedry metropolitalnej gnieźnieńskiej od roku 1000 aż do dni naszych. Podług źródeł archiwalnych, Gniezno 1883, T. 1, s. 119-120.
J. Sperka, Otoczenie Władysława Opolczyka w latach 1370-1401, Katowice 2006, s. 175-177.
T. Jurek (red.), Słownik historyczno-geograficzny ziem polskich w średniowieczu, Instytut Historii Polskiej Akademii Nauk, Kraków, część I-IV, 2010-2019.
Polish noble families
Clan of Ostoja
Service is a 1932 play by the British writer Dodie Smith. It is set around the lives of the Service family who own a department store and whose fortunes are hit by the Great Depression.
Adaptation
In 1933 it was adapted into an American film Looking Forward directed by Clarence Brown and starring Lionel Barrymore and Lewis Stone.
Bibliography
Gale, Maggie. West End women: women and the London stage, 1918-1962. Routledge, 1996.
Plays by Dodie Smith
1932 plays
West End plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays set in London
The Indycar iRacing Challenge (stylized as INDYCAR iRacing Challenge) was a series of esports events held as a temporary replacement of the suspended 2020 IndyCar Series due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The series was run on the platform of iRacing. The virtual races were broadcast on various IndyCar social media channels. Additionally, all races, but the first one, were broadcast live on NBCSN.
The races featured full time and part time drivers currently on the Indycar grid. They also featured guest drivers from other racing series' like Formula One and NASCAR.
Teams and Drivers
Schedule
Results
Driver Standings
References
2020 in esports
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on motorsport
The black-breasted thrush (Turdus dissimilis) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found from north-eastern India to northern Vietnam. Although both male and female birds have the same colour on their lower parts, the upper section of males is mostly black in colour, while females are mostly grey-brown. Thus, the bird's common name refers to the colour of the male bird's breast. They tend to live in forests located at high altitude.
Taxonomy
The black-breasted thrush belongs to the order Passeriformes and the family Turdidae. The species is a monotypic taxon – it has been hypothesized that it forms part of a larger superspecies, classified together with Tickell's thrush (T. unicolor) and the grey-backed thrush (T. hortulorum). It was previously thought to have conspecificity with the latter species of thrush. The black-breasted thrush was first described by Edward Blyth in 1847 and was found in the lower Bengal region.
Description
The black-breasted thrush is to long in total, including its tail. Whereas the lower parts are the same colour for both genders, the upper and middle parts are where they differ. For males, the section spanning from their head to the back of their neck and breast area is black, and the remaining areas at the top are slate gray. On the other hand, females are gray-brown from their eyes to their tail, and the section from their throat to their breast is a "diffused" shade of buff.
Distribution and habitat
The bird is found from north-eastern India to northern Vietnam. Their preferred habitats are tropical and subtropical montane forests that are moist. Other suitable habitats that are less important include tropical and subtropical dry forests – for native populations that are resident – as well as tropical/subtropical moist shrubland and mangroves located above the level of high tide. In southwestern China, these birds can also be found in hilly areas.
They are typically found at relatively high elevations of between to high. However, they tend to descend to lower altitudes during the winter at around .
The black-breasted thrush has been placed on the Least Concern category of the IUCN Red List, even though its population has been decreasing throughout the last ten years. This is because the reduction in the estimated population is not swift enough to merit Vulnerable status under the IUCN criterion for population trend, which is a decline of more than 30% in ten years or three generations The population decline has been attributed to continuing "destruction and degradation" of the bird's natural habitat. The size of its distribution range is over .
Behavior
The call of the black-breasted thrush has been described as "sweet mellow" and "melodious", with their musical phrases spanning 3–8 notes. They consume insects, molluscs and berries. The food they gather is usually from the ground, although they occasionally fly to fruit trees. Their time of breeding differs depending on the country in which they are situated. Black-breasted thrushes in India reproduce from April to July; those in Myanmar do so from April to June; in China, these birds mate from May until June.
References
black-breasted thrush
black-breasted thrush
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Yunnan
black-breasted thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The plain softtail (Thripophaga fusciceps) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical swamps.
References
plain softtail
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
plain softtail
plain softtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tiflorex, formerly known as flutiorex, is a stimulant amphetamine. Its most pronounced effect is in suppression of appetite; it has little effect on pulse rate, sleep, or mood. It was found to be twice as potent an anorectic as fenfluramine.
SL 72.340-d was cited to be 4x the anorectant potency of fenfluramine (ED50=1.4 mg/kg vs 5.6 mg/kg).
References
Anorectics
Trifluoromethyl compounds
Substituted amphetamines
Thioethers
Rubén Jesús Kihuen Bernal (; born April 25, 1980) is an American politician and former member of the United States House of Representatives for , serving from 2017 to 2019. A member of the Democratic Party, they previously are a member of the Nevada Senate from 2006 to 2016. They were Nevada's first Latino member of the U.S. House of Representatives and Kihuen described themselves as the first "Dreamer" elected to Congress. In December 2017, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called on Kihuen to resign in response to sexual misconduct allegations against them by a female campaign staff member, as reported by BuzzFeed. They refused to resign but did not run for reelection in 2018.
Early life and education
Rubén Jesús Kihuen Bernal was born in Guadalajara, Mexico. Their family moved to the United States in 1988. Kihuen's grandfather was an immigrant to Mexico from Lebanon who married a native Mexican. Their father Armando Kihuen was a laborer in Orange County, California, before moving to Las Vegas in the 1990s and becoming a middle school science teacher. Kihuen attended Rancho High School and was named the 1997–1998 Nevada "soccer player of the year."
Ruben graduated from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas with a Bachelor of Science degree in education. While in high school and college, Kihuen volunteered for the campaigns of Senator Harry Reid, Virginia Governor Mark Warner, and Houston Mayor Lee Brown. As of 2011, Kihuen was enrolled in the Master of Public Administration degree program at the University of Oklahoma.
Early career
In 2002, Kihuen became a deputy field director for the Nevada Democratic Party. They then served as regional representative to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. They then worked as student recruiter and academic advisor for the College of Southern Nevada (CSN).  They are a past member of the Clark County Community Development Advisory Committee and the North Las Vegas Citizen's Advisory Committee.
Nevada legislature
Kihuen was first elected to the State Assembly in 2006, defeating incumbent Bob McCleary by a large margin (and with the support of the AFL-CIO) in a 3-way primary. The primary was shrouded by a scandal surrounding McCleary's payment of $500 to David Adams, the third candidate in the race, who had briefly dropped out after the payment; Adams described the payment as a bribe while McCleary insisted that the payment had been compensation to work on their campaign. Kihuen was unopposed in the general election.
Kihuen served two terms before successfully running in 2010 to the Nevada State Senate after the incumbent was term-limited. During the 76th legislative session in 2011 they were the chair of the Senate Select Committee on Economic Growth and Employment. In the 77th legislative session in 2013, they chaired the Senate Standing Committee on Revenue and Economic Development and served as Majority Whip for the Democrats in the Senate.
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
2012
In September 2011, Kihuen announced their intention to run to represent Nevada's 1st congressional district but withdrew a month before filing opened in February 2012, allowing former Representative Dina Titus to run without a contested primary.
2016
On March 28, 2015, Kihuen announced they were running for Congress in , seeking to defeat first-term incumbent Republican Cresent Hardy. They defeated seven other candidates in the Democratic primary on June 14, 2016. Kihuen spoke at the 2016 Democratic National Convention, the only 2016 House recruit to do so. During the campaign, Kihuen was on leave from their job at the Las Vegas-based public relations firm the Ramirez Group.
Kihuen was criticized early in the campaign for still residing in the 1st district rather than the 4th.
Kihuen won the election by a vote of 128,680 (48.5%) to 118,220 (44.5%). While Hardy carried six of the district's seven counties, Kihuen easily defeated Hardy in the district's share of Clark County, winning it by over 24,000 votes.
Tenure
Committee assignments
Committee on Financial Services
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance
Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance
Caucus memberships
Congressional Hispanic Caucus
Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus
Congressional Progressive Caucus
New Democrat Coalition
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus
Sexual misconduct allegations
On December 1, 2017, a 25-year-old woman who served as finance director of Kihuen's 2016 congressional campaign accused them of sexual harassment and unwanted touching. The woman, who joined Kihuen's campaign in June 2015 and left in April 2016, alleges that Kihuen's behavior began in February, that they repeatedly requested that they go on dates or have sexual intercourse with him, and on two occasions forcibly touched their thighs without consent.
Upon resigning from the campaign in April, the woman reported to a mid-level staffer at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee that Kihuen had made them feel "uncomfortable", without offering any further details. The mid-level staffer proceeded to confer with another mid-level staffer, who in turn called Kihuen's campaign manager, Dave Chase, and informed them of the woman's discomfort around Kihuen. Chase then confronted Kihuen, who denied that anything had occurred.
In addition to the finance director's conversation with the DCCC operative, they also documented Kihuen's behavior in a series of March 10, 2016 text messages to a friend, and shared contemporaneous details of their departure with four other individuals at the time. When asked about the accusations, Kihuen said, "I sincerely apologize for anything that I may have said or done that made them feel uncomfortable".
On December 13, 2017, a second woman accused Kihuen of sexual misconduct. The woman, who asked to remain anonymous, told The Nevada Independent that they touched their thighs or butt in three separate incidents, and has sent them hundreds of sexually suggestive text messages. As of December 13, Kihuen has yet to deny or confirm the allegation to the Independent. A third woman accused Kihuen of improper touching.
In November 2018, the House Ethics Committee formally sanctioned Kihuen, determining they "made persistent and unwanted advances towards women". The report noted that "each of the complainant's allegations were supported by documentary evidence and some of the alleged incidents were corroborated by third-party witnesses."
Response
The chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, Ben Ray Luján, demanded Kihuen's resignation immediately after being presented with the allegations by BuzzFeed on December 1, saying that "If anyone is guilty of sexual harassment or sexual assault, they should not hold elected office, Congressman Kihuen should resign."
Luján further punished Kihuen by ordering their immediate removal from the DCCC's Frontline program for incumbents in vulnerable seats.
Luján was joined just after midnight on December 2 by House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, who called for Kihuen's resignation and declared that "the young woman's documented account is convincing, and I commend them for the courage it took to come forward".
Nevada Democrats were quick to condemn Kihuen, although only Jacky Rosen, a fellow member of Congress, explicitly called for them to resign. Aaron Ford, Kihuen's former leader in the Nevada State Senate, told reporters that they were "deeply disappointed and disturbed" by the allegations. Perhaps the most scathing criticism came from Congresswoman Dina Titus, who said that "many believed Ruben had great potential, but unfortunately their personal behavior has jeopardized their political career" and that "zero tolerance means zero tolerance. Ruben needs to step up and do what's right for the people of Nevada".
Chase, who managed Kihuen's successful campaign but did not join their Washington office, told BuzzFeed that they believe the former finance director, and wishes that they "had known their specific allegations when I confronted Ruben after they left the campaign or in time to stop what took place".
Lucy Flores, who served alongside Kihuen in the Nevada Legislature and had been their Democratic primary opponent in 2016, said that they found the allegations unsurprising given their reputation in the legislature, where "even though they maintained a girlfriend, they were known to be very flirtatious and hands on" and that they had "personally witnessed them being grabby with young, attractive women".
Later in the day on December 5, Kihuen gave their first interview since the allegations to ABC News, in which they declared their refusal to resign, instead saying that they "finds it interesting" that Pelosi, Lujan, and the DCCC "knew about these allegations last year". Kihuen went on to say that the DCCC and party leadership had investigated the allegations, but that "they didn't find anything, and they continued investing millions of dollars in my campaign". This was immediately denied by both Pelosi's office, which said that "Leader Pelosi first learned of these allegations from BuzzFeed last week", and the DCCC, who called Kihuen's statement "not true", adding that the DCCC had been "presented with these disturbing facts for the first time last week, and the chair immediately called for theirs resignation".
On December 16, 2017, Kihuen announced that they would not seek re-election in 2018 but later claimed they were reconsidering this decision. In January 2019, they ran for a Las Vegas City Council seat, but they were defeated in the primary coming in third.
Electoral history
Post legislative career
Ruben Kihuen became the External Relations Director for the Las Vegas non profit the Immigrant Home Foundation / Fundacion Casa de Los Migrantes after leaving the United States Congress. Among their duties there was publicizing a Covid vaccination drive among Spanish speaking immigrants and their families.
See also
List of Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States Congress
References
External links
Rep. Ruben J. Kihuen official U.S. House website
Ruben for Congress official campaign website
1980 births
21st-century American politicians
American politicians of Mexican descent
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Nevada
Hispanic and Latino American members of the United States Congress
Hispanic and Latino American state legislators in Nevada
Living people
Members of the Nevada Assembly
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Nevada state senators
Politicians from Carson City, Nevada
People from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Politicians from Las Vegas
People with acquired American citizenship
University of Nevada, Las Vegas alumni
University of Oklahoma alumni
Boys Are Easy (Chinese: 追男仔 ; Pinyin: zhuī nán zǐ) also known as Chasing Boys is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing, it stars Brigitte Lin, Maggie Cheung, Chingmy Yau, Tony Leung Ka-fai, Jacky Cheung, Ekin Cheng and Jimmy Lin. The film ran in theaters from 12 August 1993 until 1 September 1993. The film is separated into 3 different stories, a male prostitute falling in love with a violent police officer; a kind social worker falling in love with a gangster; a naive virgin falling in love with a doctor.
Plot
Ching Sing (Richard Ng) is a hardworking father. Their wife died when their children were young so they spent most of their life taking care of their children. They have three daughters, Ching Siu Tung (Brigitte Lin), Ching Siu Nam (Maggie Cheung), Ching Siu Sze (Chingmy Yau) and a son, Ching Siu Pei (Jimmy Lin). Ching Sing wants their daughters to get married, so they fake a terminal illness and forces them to get creative about their romantic relationships, asking to see their boyfriends over dinner. Siu Tung, who is a police officer, meets a male prostitute called Simon Tse Sai (Tony Leung Ka-fai). They offer them money to be their boyfriend for one day to lie to their father. Simon accidentally falls in love with Siu Tung and tries everything to make them fall in love with him. After failing and embarrassing themselves multiple times, Siu Tung finally falls in love with Simon. Siu Nam is a social worker. They meet a poor gangster called Wu Ying (Jacky Cheung) and decides to help their family, but instead tries to join the underworld to impress him. Because of this, Wu Ying decides to leave the underworld and start a brand-new life with them Siu Sze, who is a doctor, meets 27-year-old virgin named Lee Chi Ko (Ekin Cheng) through one of their female patients. Having been told that Chi Ko has been set up many times with different girls due to their fear of sex, Siu Sze pranks them by tempting them to have sex, but it fails. Siu Sze realizes that they care about them a lot and they fall in love with each other. Over dinner having met all of the boyfriends, Ching Sing reveals that their long time pen pal Chi Sum Chan (Sandra Ng) is coming to Hong Kong. Only after a few days, they already start to hate them because of their obvious schemes to steal their father's money. Gangsters break in to their house to try and murder Siu Tung but when they fail, they kidnap and leave with Sum Chan, not realizing that it only makes the family happy.
Cast
Brigitte Lin as Ching Siu Tung (程小东) - Ching Sing's daughter, falls in love with Simon, police officer
Maggie Cheung as Ching Siu Nam (程小南) - Ching Sing's daughter, falls in love with Wu Ying, social worker
Chingmy Yau as Ching Siu Sze (程小西) - Ching Sing's daughter, falls in kive Chi Ko, doctor
Tony Leung Ka-fai as Simon Tse Sai (谢晒) - Falls in love with Siu Tung, male prostitute
Jacky Cheung as Wu Ying (乌英) - Falls in love with Siu Nam, gangster
Ekin Cheng as Lee Chi Ko (李志高) - Falls in love with Siu Sze, naive, rich, 27 year old virgin
Richard Ng as Ching Sing (程胜) - Father of Siu Tung, Siu Nam, Siu Sze and Siu Pei
Jimmy Lin as Ching Siu Pei (程小北) - Ching Sing's son
Sandra Ng as Chi Sam (痴心) - Gets kidnapped at the end of the movie
Ken Lo as Wild Dog - Gangster
Helena Law Lan as Mrs Wu - Wu Ying's mother
Wu Fung as Uncle Sai - Siu Tung, Siu Nam, Siu Sze and Siu Pei's uncle
Pak Yan as Miss Lee - Chi Ko's mother
Ronald Wong Ban as Chicken
Lee Siu-kei as Policeman at police station
Fei Pak as Policeman
Wong Yat-fei as Hypnotist
Lee Ka-Ting as Bastard Ting
Wong Hung as Manager of gigolo club
Ray Pang as Wild Dog's thug
Wu Zhan-Peng as Wild Dog's thug
Kong Miu-Deng as Wild Dog's thug
Ching Kwok-Leung as Wild Dog's thug
Go Shut-Fung as Wild Dog's thug
Chan Ging-Chi as Wild Dog's thug
Critical response
On IMDb, it received an average rating of 6.5 out of 10 based on 234 reviews.
On the Chinese movie review website, Douban, it received an average rating of 7.2 out of 10 based on 10435 user reviews.
References
External links
Boys Are Easy at Hong Kong Cinemagic
Hong Kong romantic comedy films
1990s Cantonese-language films
1993 romantic comedy films
1990s Hong Kong films
Muay Lao (, lit. "Lao Boxing" ) is a combat sport from Laos. It incorporates punches, kicks, elbow, and knee strikes. It is similar to Muay Thai from Thailand and Pradal Serey from Cambodia. Historians believe Muay Lao originated from Isan or Cambodia. Muay Lao was an event at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games in Vientiane.
The martial art is related to other forms of martial arts found in other parts of the Angkor cultural sphere including Muay Thai in Thailand and Pradal Serey in Cambodia.
See also
Lethwei
Muay Boran
Muay Thai
Pradal Serey
Tomoi
Bokator
References
External links
Vientiane Times
Vientiane Times-Provincial kick-boxers challenge city counterparts
Vietnam Royal Tourism
Former national kick-boxer returns for Vientiane event
Laos in pictures
Lao boxing video
Muay Lao, the forgotten art of kickboxing - from GoAbroad.net
Combat sports
Sport in Laos
Makin' Memories is a studio album by American country music artist Dottie West. It was released in December 1969 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Danny Davis. Them thirteenth studio album, Makin' Memories was also their third to be released in 1969. The album included three singles that became minor hits on the national music publication charts.
Background and content
Makin' Memories was produced by Danny Davis in September 1969 at RCA Studio B. It was West's third album collaboration with Davis, who produced their two previous 1969 studio albums. According to the project's liner notes, studio sessions took place as late at one o'clock in the morning. Other artists and producers watched to hear West record during these sessions including Chet Atkins (her former producer) and Waylon Jennings. The album was a collection of 11 tracks. Most of the track were new recordings. Both the title track and "Clinging to My Baby's Hand" were composed by West herself. Also included in the album was a cover of "With Pen in Hand", a song first made a country hit by Johnny Darrell and later a pop hit by Vikki Carr.
Release and chart performance
Makin' Memories was released in December 1969 on RCA Victor Records, becoming their thirteenth studio album issued in their career. The album was originally issued as a vinyl LP, containing six songs on "side one" and five songs on "side two". Although Makin' Memories did not chart on the Billboard Top Country Albums survey, it did produce three singles. The first to be released was "Clinging to My Baby's Hand". Issued in September 1969, the song became a minor hit after it reached number 47 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. In January 1970, "I Heard Our Song" was released as the record's second single and peaked at number 45 on the country songs chart. The third single, "Long Black Limousine" (released in March 1970), did not make a Billboard chart appearance.
Track listing
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Makin' Memories.
Musical personnel
Harold Bradley – guitar
Ray Edenton – guitar
Buddy Harman – drums
Grady Martin – guitar
Bob Moore – bass
Ferrell Morris – vibes
The Nashville Edition – background vocals
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – piano
Bill West – steel guitar
Dottie West – lead vocals
Technical personnel
Danny Davis – producer
Release history
References
1969 albums
Albums produced by Danny Davis (country musician)
Dottie West albums
RCA Records albums
Elizabeth McComb (born December 1, 1952) is an American gospel and blues singer, songwriter and pianist.
Biography
The sixth of seven children, Elizabeth McComb grew up in Cleveland in an African-American family that originally came from Mississippi. Them father, a factory worker, died when they were very young. Them mother was a preacher and the pastor of a Pentecostal church. Three of their sisters formed a vocal group called The Daughters of Zion that performed in local churches. Years later, they would sometimes accompany McComb during their concerts. McComb started singing at the early age of three.
McComb began with violin but decided to switch to the piano. While still young, they joined the Karamu House Theater school and then the cultural center's theater company.
McComb went to New York and started auditioning for shows and musicals. With the support of their cousin, Annie Moss, they toured in Europe as part of the itinerant "Roots of Rock'n'Roll" show. They regularly performed in Europe, traveling back to the United States several times a year.
Discography
Acoustic Woman, 1992, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
Rock my Soul, 1993, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
Live, 1994, (Back to Blues/GVE/licence Sony) distribution EMI
Trilogy Coffret 3 CDs, (Back to Blues/GVE) épuisé
Time is Now, 1996, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
Live à l'Olympia, 1998, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
Le Meilleur de Liz McComb, 1998, (Back to Blues/GVE/licence TF1 musique)
The Spirit of New Orleans, 2001, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
L'Essentiel/FIRE, 2001, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
Soul, Peace & Love, 2007, (Back to Blues/GVE) distribution EMI
The Sacred Concert, 19 Mai 2009, (GVE) distribution Naïve
Videography
Saint-Augustin – (solo & duo) Paris
Olympia – Paris – DVD distribution EMI
Vienne Jazz Festival – 1999 and 2002
Parc Floral Jazz Festival – Paris
Eglise de La Madeleine – Paris 1995 and 1996
Basilique Sainte-Clotilde – Paris
Eglise des Invalides – Paris
Eglise Saint-Sulpice 2002 – Paris
Opéra de Lyon 1994
Athènes (Acropole)
Festival de Fes avec l'ARC gospel choir
Vittoria Jazz festival
Quai du Blues/Nouvel Obs Event – Paris
Bethléem 24-12-99
Music Mania with 3 pianos ensemble
Palais des Sports de Paris, HD (feb 2007)
Festival de Coutances, HD (May 2007)
References
External links
American gospel singers
Living people
1952 births
Musicians from Cleveland
In enzymology, a methylitaconate Δ-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
methylitaconate 2,3-dimethylmaleate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, methylitaconate, and one product, 2,3-dimethylmaleate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is methylitaconate Delta2-Delta3-isomerase. This enzyme is also called methylitaconate isomerase. This enzyme participates in c5-branched dibasic acid metabolism.
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Hotel Riviera del Pacífico was a hotel located in Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico. It was one of the most prestigious and luxurious hotels in Mexico.
History
The hotel opened with great fanfare in 1930 but was not a real success until the early 1950s. It finally closed in 1964.
Origins
Prohibition sent North Americans south of their border in search of entertainment and alcohol, developing first Tijuana, then Rosarito, and finally Ensenada as tourist destinations.
The Ensenada Beach Club, S.A. was formed with the goal to build a resort in Ensenada. After the Club dissolved in 1926, a number of its members joined a new company, Club Internationale, S.A., to continue the project, initially called the Hotel Playa de Ensenada (Ensenada Beach Hotel). Architect Gordon F. Mayer was hired to design the hotel; Alfredo Ramos Martínez was hired to do its murals. The Playa Ensenada Hotel and Casino opened on October 31, 1930 with spectacular festivities, including the Xavier Cugat band, under the de facto management of boxer Jack Dempsey.
Decline
The hotel was never a financial success, however, partly because the road from the United States was poor, and the end of Prohibition proved fatal. The hotel only ever operated intermittently, and was put to military use during the Second World War.
Revival and final closure
After the end of the War, one of the original shareholders, Jerome Utley of Detroit, by then an old man and the only remaining shareholder, gave the hotel to a young lady with whom they were in love, Marjorie King Plant. Plant ran the hotel successfully with their Mexican lawyer and husband, Alfonso Rocha, changing its name to Hotel Riviera del Pacífico. Utley had been led to believe that Plant's marriage to Rocha was a "white marriage," that is a marriage of convenience serving only to give Plant the Mexican citizenship they needed to run the hotel, and when they discovered that this was not the case, they pursued Plant and then Rocha with court cases, leading first to Plant's leaving the hotel for the United States and then to Rocha's absconding from the hotel in 1956 to avoid a judgment against him. At this point the hotel was taken over by the Mexican government, which closed and partly demolished it in 1964.
The Margarita
The Margarita is claimed to have been invented in several different places and at several different times. One claim is that it was invented at the Hotel Riviera del Pacífico for Marjorie King Plant at the time when they were the joint owner. Other versions refer to Marjorie King, an actor, and some move the location from Ensenada to Tijuana. Margarita is a Spanish version of the name Marjorie.
According to an article in the Los Angeles Times, the Margarita was invented in the 1940s by Carlos Daniel "Danny" Herrera.
Colonial Californiano
It is debated that this style emerged in United States California in the first half of the 20th century, however there are those who claim that this unique style occurred after the construction of the famous Riviera hotel in Ensenada, in the California that remained on the Mexican side.
Current status
Partly rebuilt in 1978, the hotel was reopened as the Centro Social, Cívico y Cultural de Ensenada. This includes an open-air theater, a historical museum, a cantina, and a number of rooms used for a variety of functions.
See also
List of hotels in Mexico
List of companies of Mexico
References
Hotel buildings completed in 1930
Hotel Riviera Del Pacifico
Defunct hotels
Hotels disestablished in 1964
Hotels established in 1930
Hotels in Mexico
Ensenada, Baja California
Tourist attractions in Ensenada, Baja California
Demolished buildings and structures in Mexico
Buildings and structures demolished in 1964
Landmarks in Ensenada
Noé Medina (born 20 May 1943) is a former Ecuadorian cyclist. They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
Medina was born in Ambato, Ecuador.
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Ecuadorian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Ecuador
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Verujem ti jer smo isti (Very Similar Indeed We are So I Believe You) is the third studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Metropolis Records in 1994.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Obojeni Program.
Personnel
The band
Branislav Babić "Kebra" — vocals
Danica Milovanov "Daca" — vocals, backing vocals
Jovanka Ilić — vocals, backing vocals
Dragan Knežević — guitar, backing vocals
Vladimir Cinkocki "Cina" — drums
Ljubomir Pejić "Ljuba" — bass guitar
Additional personnel
Miroslav Mandić — recitation on track 6
Dragan Džolić — executive producer
Jan Šaš — recorded by
Vlada Žeželj — sampler
References
Verujem ti jer smo isti at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
NS rockopedija, novosadska rock scena 1963-2003, Mijatović Bogomir, SWITCH, 2005
Obojeni Program albums
1994 albums
Tilley Nunatak () is a bold, rocky outcrop 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Hobbs Islands, projecting from the coastal ice cliffs eastward of William Scoresby Bay. Discovered in February 1936 by DI personnel on the William Scoresby and named by them for Professor C.E. Tilley, who studied the rock specimens brought back by the expedition.
See also
Tilley Bay
Uksen Island
Nunataks of Mac. Robertson Land
Aleksandr Pavlovich Antonov (; 13 February 1898, in Moscow – 26 November 1962) was a Soviet film actor who had a lengthy career, stretching from the silent era to the 1950s. Antonov was named Merited Artist of the Russian Federation in 1950.
Antonov was a member of the Moscow Proletarian Culture Theater between the years 1920–1924 when they met Sergei Eisenshtein, who cast them in their directorial debut short film Glumov's Diary (1923) and in their first full-length feature Strike (1924). Eisenshtein then gave Antonov the part of Bolshevik leader Grigory Vakulinchuk in The Battleship Potemkin (1925), which remains their best known role.
Antonov continued their career into both the late silent and the sound period where they usually played episodic character actor roles of either proletarians or sailors. They worked with leading directors, including Ivan Pyryev on A Rich Bride (1938), Vsevolod Pudovkin on Suvorov (1941), Mikhail Romm on Secret Mission (1950), and Yuli Raizman on Dream of a Cossack'' (1950).
FilmographyGlumov's Diary (1923) as JoffreStrike (1925) as member of strike committeeBattleship Potemkin (1925) as Grigory Vakulinchuk (Bolshevik sailor)The Wind (1926) as sailorA Girl with a Temper (1939) as Mehkov, director of the animal-breeding sovkhozSuvorov (1941) as Colonel Tyurin, commander of the Azov regimentThe Murderers are Coming (1942) as Müller, German soldierSix P.M. (1944) as commanderGirl No. 217 (1945) as German soldier (uncredited)The Young Guard (1948) as Ignat Fomin, HilfspolizeiThe Battle of Stalingrad (1949) as Colonel PopovDream of a Cossack (1951) as spring workerIncident in the Taiga (1953)Twelfth Night (1955) as Sea CaptainThe White Poodle (1956) as yardmanA Weary Road'' (1956) as Raissa's Father
References
External links
1898 births
1962 deaths
Russian male film actors
Russian male silent film actors
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male silent film actors
Male actors from Moscow
20th-century Russian male actors
Picture This is the fourth studio album released by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet. Released on 10 April 1995, the album was the band's first studio release since the release of their long-running Number #1 single, "Love Is All Around". As well as featuring the asupervisorstioned track, the album spawned five further singles: "Julia Says", "Don't Want to Forgive Me Now", "Somewhere Somehow", "She's All on My Mind" and "Morning". The album peaked at #1 on the UK Albums Chart, becoming one of the band's bestselling releases to date.
In 2015, to mark twenty years of the album's release, a souvenir edition, The Big Picture, was made available, in the form of a double disc deluxe edition and a box set containing three discs and a DVD, entitled All Around and in the Crowd, containing a concert filmed at Wembley Arena on 30 July 1995, plus six promotional videos and five performances from Top of the Pops between 1994 and 1996. The band also embarked on a 2016 tour in honour of the album, playing seven of the twelve tracks featured on the record.
Track listing
Charts
References
1995 albums
Mercury Records albums
Wet Wet Wet albums
Roundstone is an unincorporated community in Rockcastle County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky. It is located at the junction of U.S. Route 25, Kentucky Route 1786, and Kentucky Route 1617.
History
A post office called Roundstone was established in 1856, and remained in operation until 1893. The community took its name from nearby Roundstone Creek.
References
Unincorporated communities in Rockcastle County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Ian Alfred Borchard (born 5 August 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s. They also played for West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Playing career
VFL
Borchard, originally from Swan Hill in Victoria, spent three seasons at Richmond. In the last of those years, 1978, Borchard was cleared to play for South Fremantle in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) midway through the season, but only lasted one week before they returned to Richmond on 29 June.
SANFL
They joined West Adelaide in 1979 and the following season won the first of their two Best & Fairest awards, the other coming in 1982. In 1981, Wests coach Neil Kerley appointed Borchard as captain West Adelaide, with the highlight being the 1983 premiership where they won the Jack Oatey Medal as the player of the match in the Grand Final win over Sturt at Football Park in front of 47,129 fans. Borchard remained captain of The Bloods until the end of the 1985 season when they finished in third place, beaten in the Preliminary final by North Adelaide.
After the premiership win in 1983, Borchard began to be plagued by injury, only playing in 14 games in 1984, 17 in 1985 when West reached the preliminary final. In 1986, Bloods coach John Cahill replaced Borchard as club captain with Mark Mickan, with injury restricting them to just 3 games for the year. Following the 1986 season, Borchard retired from league football.
Coaching
In late 2000 Ian Borchard was appointed coach of West Adelaide. They coached the Bloods to fifth place and the SANFL finals in both 2001 and 2002. After laying the groundwork for a good side, Borchard was replaced as coach of West Adelaide from the 2003 season by former Adelaide Crows and West Adelaide player Shaun Rehn, who in their first season coached the Bloods to their first SANFL Grand Final appearance since 1991.
References
External links
Holmesby, Russell and Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1957 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Richmond Football Club players
West Adelaide Football Club players
South Fremantle Football Club players
West Adelaide Football Club coaches
People from Swan Hill
The Mobile phone industry in Ukraine started in 1993 in analog, and its digital industry showed rapid growth, although there have been ups and downs.
Overview
Ukraine's first mobile phone service began with analog NMT in 1993, and digital GSM, using 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, since 1997 and 2000, respectively. The mobile phone market since developed rapidly, although there were ups and downs, till it reached 54,800,000 users by the end of 2021.
Mobile phone carriers
There are now three large mobile phone carriers that serve throughout Ukraine: Kyivstar, Vodafone and lifecell. All these three use GSM, but there are CDMS carriers such as Intertelecom and PEOPLEnet.
Kyivstar
Kyivstar is Ukraine's largest mobile operator, claiming 48 percent of the market. The company is under VEON, a Netherlands company, whose major shareholder is VimpelCom of Russia.
Vodafone
Vodafone Ukraine is the second largest carrier with a 35 percent market share. The company was originally founded by Russia's Mobile Telesystems using Vodafone technology, but was sold to Bakcell under Azerbaijan's Neqsol Shareholding Company.
lifecell
lifecell with a 17 percent market share is under the Turkish mobile company, Turkcell.
Devices
Various devices imported or manufactured in Ukraine have been used.
21st century wartime
The 2014 Annexation of Crimea by Russia and the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine have done limited damage on Ukraine's mobile phone infrastructure. Where damaged, the mobile network is in some caces supported by SpaceX's Starlink satellites.
Gallery
See also
Mobile phone networks in Ukraine
Mobile phone industry in Russia
References
Ukraine
Telecommunications in Ukraine
Internet in Ukraine
Information technology in Ukraine
The Első Emelet (Hungarian: "First Floor") were a Hungarian pop band formed in Budapest in 1982 by former members of two progressive rock bands: Solaris and Lobogó. Their music video for "Állj, Vagy Lövök!" ("Stop or I'll Shoot!") appeared as "Baby, Baby" by "First Floor" in the music video for "Money for Nothing" by British rock band Dire Straits.
After just over 30 years of being active the band broke up in 2013.
Members
Gábor Berkes – keyboards, vocals
Csaba Bogdán – guitar, keyboards, vocals
Béla Patkó Kiki – vocals
Gábor Kisszabó – bass guitar, guitar, vocals
Gábor Szentmihályi – percussion
Zsolt Hastó – percussion
István Tereh – backing vocals, percussion, manager
Tamás Kelemen – guitar
Zsolt Hastó – drums (from 2008–2013)
Ferenc Rausch – drums (1982–1983)
György Cser – vocals (1982)
Vilmos Tóth – drums (1983)
Szörényi Örs – drums (1990)
Discography
Studio albums
Első Emelet 1 (1984)
Első Emelet 2 (1985)
Első Emelet 3 (1986)
Első Emelet 4 (1987)
Naplemez (1988)
Vadkelet (1989)
Kis generáció (1990)
Megyek a szívem után (2010)
Live albums
Turné '88 (1988)
Compilation albums
Best of (1997)
References
External links
Hungarian pop music groups
Musical groups established in 1982
Musical groups disestablished in 2013
The 2022 Southeastern Conference football season is the 90th season of Southeastern Conference (SEC) football, taking place during the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The season is scheduled to begin on August 27, 2022 and end with the 2022 SEC Championship Game on December 3, 2022. The SEC is a Power Five conference as part of the College Football Playoff system.
Previous season
Alabama defeated Georgia 41–24 in the 2021 SEC Championship Game.
Alabama and Georgia were selected to play in the 2022 College Football Playoff. No. 1 Alabama defeated No. 4 Cincinnati 27–6 in the Cotton Bowl Classic CFP semifinal game. No. 3 Georgia defeated No. 2 Michigan 34–11 in the Orange Bowl CFP semifinal game. Alabama and Georgia met on January 10, 2022, at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana in a rematch of the 2021 SEC Championship game and 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship to play for the 2022 College Football Playoff National Championship. Georgia defeated Alabama 33–18, winning their third national championship in school history and their first since 1980.
Eleven other SEC teams accepted invitations to bowl games, but Texas A&M was unable to play in the Gator Bowl due to injuries and sickness from COVID-19, so only 10 teams played in their bowl games.
Results from the rest of the SEC bowl games:
South Carolina defeated North Carolina 38–21 in the Duke's Mayo Bowl.
Arkansas defeated Penn State 24–10 in the Outback Bowl.
Kentucky defeated Iowa 20–17 in the Citrus Bowl.
Missouri lost to Army 24–22 in the Armed Forces Bowl.
Florida lost to UCF 29–17 in the Gasparilla Bowl.
Auburn lost to Houston 17–13 in the Birmingham Bowl.
Mississippi State lost to Texas Tech 34–7 in the Liberty Bowl.
Tennessee lost to Purdue 48–45 in overtime in the Music City Bowl.
Ole Miss lost to Baylor 21–7 in the Sugar Bowl.
Louisiana State lost to Kansas State 42–20 in the TaxAct Texas Bowl.
Preseason
2022 SEC Spring Football and number of signees on signing day:
East Division
Georgia –
Florida –
Kentucky –
Missouri –
South Carolina –
Tennessee –
Vanderbilt -
West Division
Alabama –
Arkansas –
Auburn –
LSU –
Mississippi State –
Ole Miss –
Texas A&M -
Recruiting classes
SEC Media Days
The 2022 SEC Media days will be held on July 18-21, 2022 at College Football Hall of Fame and The Omni Atlanta Hotel at CNN Center in Atlanta, GA. The Preseason Polls will be released in July 2022. Each team had their head coach available to talk to the media at the event. Coverage of the event was televised on SEC Network and ESPN.
The teams and representatives in respective order were as follows:
SEC Commissioner – Greg Sankey
Monday July 18
LSU – Brian Kelly (HC), Jack Bech (WR), Mike Jones Jr. (LB) and BJ Ojulari (DE)
Ole Miss – Lane Kiffin (HC), Jonathan Mingo (WR), Cedric Johnson (DE) and Nick Broeker (OL)
Missouri - Eliah Drinkwitz (HC), Barrett Banister (WR), Martez Manuel (DB) and Isaiah McGuire (DL)
Tuesday July 19
Alabama – Nick Saban (HC), Bryce Young (QB), Jordan Battle (DL) and Will Anderson Jr. (LB)
Mississippi State – Mike Leach (HC), Jaden Crumedy (DT), Nathaniel Watson (LB) and Austin Williams (WR)
South Carolina – Shane Beamer (HC), Jovaughn Gwyn (OL), Dakereon Joyner (WR), Zacch Pickens (DL)
Vanderbilt – Clark Lea (HC), Ben Bresnahan (TE), Anfernee Orji (LB) and Mike Wright (QB)
Wednesday July 20
Arkansas – Sam Pittman (HC), Jalen Catalon (S), KJ Jefferson (QB) and Bumper Pool (LB)
Florida – Billy Napier (HC), Anthony Richardson (QB), Richard Gouraige (OL) and Ventrell Miller (LB)
Georgia – Kirby Smart (HC), Stetson Bennett IV (QB), Nolan Smith (LB) and Sedrick Van Pran (OL)
Kentucky – Mark Stoops (HC), Will Levis (QB), Kenneth Horsey (OG) and DeAndre Square (LB)
Thursday July 21
Auburn – Bryan Harsin (HC), Tank Bigsby (RB), Derick Hall (DE) and John Samuel Shenker (TE)
Tennessee - Josh Heupel (HC), Trevon Flowers (S), Hendon Hooker (QB) and Cedric Tillman (WR)
Texas A&M – Jimbo Fisher (HC), Demani Richardson (DB), Layden Robinson (OL) and Ainias Smith (WR)
Preseason media polls
Preseason awards
All−American Teams
Individual awards
Preseason All-SEC
Media
References:
Coaches
References:
Head coaches
There were two coaching changes before the 2022 season.
Coaches
Note: All stats current through the completion of the 2021 season
Rankings
Regular season
The 2022 schedule was released on September 21, 2021. The season began on August 27, 2022, and will end with the SEC Championship Game on December 3, 2022.
Week Zero
Week One
Week Two
Week Three
Week Four
Week Five
Week Six
Week Seven
Week Eight
Week Nine
Week Ten
Week Eleven
Week Twelve
Week Thirteen
Championship Game
Standings
East Division
West Division
Postseason
Bowl games
For the 2020–2025 bowl cycle, The SEC will have annually eight appearances in the following bowls: Sugar Bowl and Peach Bowl (unless they are selected for playoffs filled by a Big 12 and at-large team if champion is in the playoffs), Citrus Bowl, Gator Bowl, Las Vegas Bowl, Liberty Bowl, Music City Bowl, ReliaQuest Bowl and Texas Bowl. The SEC teams will go to a New Year's Six bowl if a team finishes higher than the champions of Power Five conferences in the final College Football Playoff rankings. The SEC champion is also eligible for the College Football Playoff if they're among the top four teams in the final CFP ranking.
Rankings are from AP Poll. All times Central Time Zone.
Head to head matchups
Updated with the results of all games through November 2022.
SEC vs Power Five matchups
The following games include SEC teams competing against Power Five conferences teams from the (ACC, Big Ten, Big 12, BYU/Notre Dame and Pac-12). All rankings are from the AP Poll at the time of the game.
SEC vs Group of Five matchups
The following games include SEC teams competing against "Group of Five" teams from the American, C-USA, MAC, Mountain West and Sun Belt.
SEC vs FBS independents matchups
The following games include SEC teams competing against FBS Independents, which includes Army, Liberty, New Mexico State, UConn and UMass.
SEC vs FCS matchups
The Football Championship Subdivision comprises 13 conferences and two independent programs.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
|-
! Date !! Visitor !! Home !! Site !! Score
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 3 || Mercer || Auburn || Jordan-Hare Stadium • Auburn, AL || 42-16
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 3 || Sam Houston || Texas A&M || Kyle Field • College Station, TX || 31-0
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 3 || Elon || Vanderbilt || Vanderbilt Stadium • Nashville, TN || 42-31
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 10 || Southern || LSU || Tiger Stadium • Baton Rouge, LA || 65-17
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 10 || Central Arkansas || Ole Miss || Vaught-Hemingway Stadium • Oxford, MS || 59-3
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 10 || Samford || Georgia || Sanford Stadium • Athens, GA || 33-0
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 17 || Missouri State || Arkansas || Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium • Fayetteville, AR || 38-27
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 17 || Youngstown State || Kentucky || Kroger Field • Lexington, KY || 31-0
|-
|- style="background:#ccffcc;"
| September 17 || Abilene Christian || Missouri || Faurot Field • Columbia, MO || 34-17
|-
|- style="background:#fff;"
| October 1 || Eastern Washington || Florida || Ben Hill Griffin Stadium • Gainesville, FL || TBD
|-
|- style="background:#fff;"
| October 1 || South Carolina State || South Carolina || Williams-Brice Stadium • Columbia, SC || TBD
|-
|- style="background:#fff;"
| October 22 || UT Martin || Tennessee || Neyland Stadium • Knoxville, TN || TBD
|-
|- style="background:#fff;"
| November 19 || Austin Peay || Alabama || Bryant Denny Stadium • Tuscaloosa, AL || TBD
|-
|- style="background:#fff;"
| November 19 || ETSU || Mississippi State || Davis Wade Stadium • Starkville, MS || TBD
|-
|}
Note:† Denotes Neutral Site Game
SEC Records against other conferences
2022–2023 records against non-conference foes:
Regular Season
Awards and honors
Player of the week honors
Totals per school
Home game attendance
NFL Draft
The Following list will include all SEC Players drafted in the 2023 NFL Draft
Notes and references
The inca was a unit of currency in Peru between 1881 and 1882. The inca was issued in banknote form only and was subdivided into 10 reales de inca or 100 centavos de inca. It was replaced by the Peruvian sol at a rate of 1 inca = 10 soles. The banknotes were withdrawn in 1882.
Banknotes
The inca appeared on two series of banknotes, one consisting of overprints on earlier notes, the other a regular issue. The overprinted denominations were 1 real de inca, surcharged on old 1 sol notes, 5 reales de inca, stamped on old 5 soles notes, and 100 centavos de inca (i.e., 1 inca), surcharged on old 100 soles notes. The regular issue of notes was in denominations of 1, 5 and 100 incas. Some of the regular issue 5 and 10 inca notes were later surcharged with their value in soles.
References
External links
Modern obsolete currencies
Inca
Economic history of Peru
1881 establishments in Peru
1882 disestablishments in South America
1881 in Peru
1882 in Peru
The 2022 Georgia Attorney General election will take place on November 8, 2022, to elect the Attorney General of Georgia. Incumbent Republican attorney general Christopher M. Carr was appointed to the office on November 1, 2016, following the resignation of Sam Olens to become the president of Kennesaw State University. Carr is running for re-election for a second full term in office.
Republican primary
Candidates
Nominee
Chris Carr, incumbent attorney general
Eliminated in primary
John Gordon, business person and lawyer
Endorsements
Polling
Results
Democratic primary
Candidates
Nominee
Jen Jordan, state senator from the 6th district
Eliminated in primary
Christian Wise Smith, lawyer
Withdrawn
Charlie Bailey, former Fulton County senior assistant district attorney and nominee for Attorney General in 2018 (running for Lieutenant Governor)
Endorsements
Results
Libertarian primary
Candidates
Declared
Martin Cowen, former Clayton County probate judge
General election
Predictions
Endorsements
Polling
Graphical summary
Results
See also
2022 Georgia state elections
Notes
References
External links
Official campaign websites
Chris Carr (R) for Attorney General
Martin Cowen (L) for Attorney General
Jen Jordan (D) for Attorney General
Attorney General
Georgia
Georgia (U.S. state) Attorney General elections
Murder! is a 1990 video game published by U.S. Gold.
Gameplay
Murder! is a game in which the player is a master detective who solves murder mysteries.
Reception
David Wilson reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that while they noted similarities to the board game Clue, they found that "The program is much more complex and sophisticated than that. Even so, the game is quickly learned and, after a short period of time, the mysteries easily solved."
Reviews
Computer and Video Games - Sep, 1990
Zzap! - Sep, 1990
Info - Jan, 1992
The One - Sep, 1990
ACE (Advanced Computer Entertainment) - Oct, 1990
Zero - Oct, 1990
ST Format - Sep, 1990
Amiga User International - Jan, 1991
The Games Machine
Amiga Format
CU Amiga
Amiga Action
Amiga Computing
References
1990 video games
Adventure games
Amiga games
Atari ST games
Detective video games
DOS games
Mystery video games
Video games about crime
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games with isometric graphics
Alga (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Alga. Population:
History
Formed in 1933 as Key district. In 1963 it was renamed into Alginsky district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Liina Kersna (née Lepik; born 3 April 1980) is an Estonian journalist, civil servant and politician. From 2021 to 2022 Kersna was the Minister of Education and Research.
Biography
Kersna graduated from Lasnamäe General Secondary School in 1998 and from the University of Tartu in the field of journalism and public relations in 2005.
They worked as a presenter and editor at Eesti Rahvusringhääling from 1998 to 2002. From 2002 to 2004, they worked as head of public relations of the Federation of Estonian Student Unions. In 2004, they worked as the Chief Specialist at the Press Office of the Ministry of Rural Affairs, as Deputy Director of the Public Relations Department of the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry of Estonia from 2005 to 2006, and was its head from 2006 to 2007. From 2007 to 2010 and again from 2012 to 2013, Kersna was the Media Advisor to the Government of Estonia; From 2010 to 2012, they were the Director of Government Communications of the Government of Estonia. From 2013 to 2015, they were the head of the office of Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia.
Kersna has been a member of the Estonian Reform Party since 2015. They have been a member of the Riigikogu since 2015. They were the Minister of Education and Research in Kaja Kallas' first cabinet. Kersna resigned on 30 June 2022 after criminal proceedings were opened up against them in respect of deviations from procurement rules to ensure the supply of rapid coronavirus tests for the schools during the COVID-19 outbreak.
Personal life
Liina Kersna is married to Vahur Kersna, with whom they have a son.
References
External links
LIINA KERSNA CV (Riigikogu website)
1980 births
Living people
People from Tallinn
Politicians from Tallinn
Women members of the Riigikogu
Estonian Reform Party politicians
Estonian journalists
Estonian women journalists
University of Tartu alumni
Women television journalists
21st-century Estonian politicians
Government ministers of Estonia
Women government ministers of Estonia
Members of the Riigikogu, 2015–2019
Members of the Riigikogu, 2019–2023
Coccothrinax miraguama is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
Three subspecies are recognised: C. miraguama subsp. havanensis, C. miraguama subsp. miraguama, and C. miraguama subsp. roseocarpa.
References
miraguama
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1816
The Billings RimRockers was a professional basketball team based in Billings, Montana that competed in the International Basketball Association (IBA) beginning in the 1998–99 season. The team folded along with the IBA after the 2000–01 season.
External links
Billings RimRockers (1998-2001) via The Billings Gazette.
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in Montana
Sports in Billings, Montana
1998 establishments in Montana
2001 disestablishments in Montana
Basketball teams established in 1998
Basketball teams disestablished in 2001
Temperance (XIV) is the fourteenth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional Tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
Temperance () appears in the oldest Italian decks where it is numbered VI or VII. In the Tarot de Marseille and in most contemporary decks the card is numbered XIV. In the Thoth Tarot and decks influenced by it, this card is called Art rather than Temperance.
Temperance is almost invariably depicted as a person pouring liquid from one receptacle into another. Historically, this was a standard symbol of the virtue temperance, one of the cardinal virtues, representing the dilution of wine with water. In many decks, the person is a winged angel, usually female or androgynous, and stands with one foot on water and one foot on land.
At the end of the path in the lower left part of the card, there is a crown to show the attainment of a goal, or mastery thereof.
In the Rider–Waite image by Pamela Coleman-Smith (shown on this page) the Hebrew Tetragrammaton is on the angel's chest above the square and triangle. In the derivative Tarot decks this is usually not included.
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Temperance card is associated with:
14.TEMPERANCE.--Economy, moderation, frugality, management, accommodation. Reversed: Things connected with churches, religions, sects, the priesthood, sometimes even the priest who will marry Querent; also disunion, unfortunate combinations, competing interests.
References
A. E. Waite's 1910 Pictorial Key to the Tarot
Hajo Banzhaf, Tarot and the Journey of the Hero (2000)
Most works by Joseph Campbell
G. Ronald Murphy, S.J., The Owl, The Raven, and The Dove: Religious Meaning of the Grimm's Magic Fairy Tales (2000)
Juliette Wood, Folklore 109 (1998):15-24, "The Celtic Tarot and the Secret Tradition: A Study in Modern Legend Making" (1998)
External links
Major Arcana
Maria Spiropulu (; ) is a Greek particle physicist.  They are the Shang-Yi Ch'en Professor of Physics at the California Institute of Technology.
Biography
Maria Spiropulu received their bachelor's degree in physics from the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki in 1993, and obtained their PhD with the CDF experiment from Harvard University in 2000. For their doctoral thesis, they applied for the first time in hadron colliders a novel double blind analysis method to search for evidence of supersymmetry. They excluded a large part of the parameter space where SUSY particles were expected to emerge.
From 2001 to 2003, Spiropulu continued the CDF experiment as an Enrico Fermi fellow at the University of Chicago, using signatures of missing transverse energy to search for extra dimensions and supersymmetry. In 2004, they moved to CERN as a research scientist with the CMS experiment. From 2005 to 2008, they served as co-convener of the CMS physics analysis group searching for supersymmetry and other phenomena beyond the Standard Model. They were a senior research physicist at CERN until 2012, and has been professor of physics at the California Institute of Technology since 2009. They invented, with their student Chris Rogan and collaborators Maurizio Pierini and Joseph Lykken, a new set of kinematic variables ("razor") targeting the discovery and characterization of new physics at the LHC.
They worked at the Tevatron's collider experiments and at the CERN's Large Hadron Collider with leading roles on the detector and trigger R&D and operations and breakthroughs in the searches for dark matter and other new physics including the discovery of the Higgs boson. In 2014, they initiated a program to explore and apply quantum computation and artificial intelligence tools towards accelerating discovery in high-energy particle physics and other domain sciences.
In 2017, with Caltech, AT&T, Fermilab and JPL, they founded the Alliance for Quantum Technologies and the Intelligent Quantum Networks and Technology (IN-Q-NET), a multi-institutional private-public partnership research program that has produced notable results on fundamental R&D in areas of quantum information science and technology with emphasis on quantum networks. The latest results on quantum internet prototype systems were released in 2020 and feature state-of-the-art quantum teleportation fidelity in time-bin qubits and uptime operations. The project, and a first in theoretical modeling that includes imperfections of the realistic setup and comparison with the data, and overall a first in systems integration of such prototypes with automated monitoring, data acquisition and real-time data analysis systems on par with the Department of Energy's big science high energy physics (HEP) projects.
Spiropulu served as Chair of the Fermilab Physics Advisory Committee, member of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel to the U.S. Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation, chair of the Forum of International Physics and member of the Physics Policy Committee of the American Physical Society and Chair of the Caltech Faculty Board.  They are a member of the Aspen Center for Physics and serves on the Advisory Panel of the HEP Forum for Computational Excellence. They testified in Congress in May 2017 on the Department of Energy's High Energy Physics Program Funding for FY 2018 and was selected to participate in the 2020-2021 Defense Science Study Group of the Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) sponsored by DARPA.
 They are the founder of the Physics of the Universe Summit that explores challenges in emerging and cross-cutting areas of science and technology. Spiropulu participated at the White House Summit on Advancing American Leadership in Quantum Information Science, on September 24, 2018 and participated in the signing ceremony for an International Cooperation Agreement between the U.S. Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, and CERN in May 2015.
Spiropulu is the author of "Where is Einstein?", the final chapter in My Einstein: Essays by Twenty-four of the World's Leading Thinkers on the Man, Their Work, and Their Legacy.
Spiropulu is the academic great-granddaughter of Enrico Fermi, via their doctoral advisor John Huth and their advisor Owen Chamberlain.
Awards
In 2008, Spiropulu was elected
as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, "for their leadership in experimental high-energy physics, in particular for their pioneering efforts in the experimental search for supersymmetry and extra dimensions." In 2014, they were made a Fellow of the American Physical Society.
References
External links
Professor Spiropulu's Caltech page
Higgs look-alikes at the LHC
MSNBC Women on the frontiers of physics
CENIC Star Performer
"SCIENTIST AT WORK -- Maria Spiropulu; Other Dimensions? She's in Pursuit" - from The New York Times, September 30, 2003
"University of Chicago particle physicist Maria Spiropulu is a body in motion" - from The Chicago Tribune, July 11, 2002
Physics of the Universe Summit
In search of extra dimensions
Maria Spiropulu's Edge Bio Page
Maria Spiropulu on CMSExperimentTV
CMS Shift Leader, first collisions at world record energy
Scientific publications of Maria Spiropulu on INSPIRE-HEP
Video of Spiropulu's lecture The Universe in Collisions at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, Santa Barbara, May 13, 2009
1970 births
Greek academics
21st-century Greek physicists
California Institute of Technology faculty
Harvard University alumni
Living people
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Particle physicists
People from Kastoria
People associated with CERN
Aristotle University of Thessaloniki alumni
Fur trading on the Assiniboine River and the general area west of Lake Winnipeg began as early as 1731.
Geography
Lake Winnipeg was a major junction for the fur trade routes. See Canadian canoe routes (early). To the southeast the route ran to Grand Portage and the French center at Montreal. To the northeast the Hayes River led to the English base on Hudson Bay. To the northwest the Saskatchewan River led west to the Rocky Mountains. From this river another route led northwest to the even richer Athabasca Country.
West of Lake Winnipeg is the chain of lakes that look like a single lake on large maps (Cedar Lake (Manitoba), Lake Winnipegosis and Lake Manitoba). West of this is the Assiniboine River. The Assiniboine flows southeast and then the east to Winnipeg, Manitoba where it meets the Red River of the North which flows north into Lake Winnipeg. Further west the Qu'Appelle River flows east to meet the Assiniboine. South of the Qu'Appelle is the Souris River which was not important in the fur trade. East of the upper Assiniboine the Swan River almost reaches the Assiniboine and flows into Lake Winnipegosis. To the southwest is the Mandan country on the upper Missouri. There was some overland trade with the Mandans until the Americans took it over around 1812. North of Lake Winnipeg is the so-called Muskrat Country which was of some importance around 1800.
The Assiniboine is mostly a prairie river and was not a good source of beaver. It mainly produced buffalo pemmican to feed the voyageurs further north. Because much of the Assiniboine is shallow and crooked, horses, dog sleds and later carts were used in addition to canoes. Most of the beaver came from the forests on the upper Assiniboine. This area was most easily reached via the Swan River from Lake Winnipegosis.
History
French Period
In 1691 Henry Kelsey reached the upper Assiniboine from Hudson Bay. In 1731, La Vérendrye began pushing French trade and exploration west from Lake Superior. They built Fort Maurepas (Canada) at the mouth of the Red River (1734), Fort Rouge (1738) at Winnipeg and Fort La Reine (1738) on the Assiniboine south of Lake Manitoba. Explorers were sent to the Mandan country and as far as Wyoming. When it became apparent the Assiniboine was not a route to the Pacific attention shifted north to the Saskatchewan River (Fort de la Corne, 1753). The French diverted much trade away from Hudson Bay to Montreal. The English responded by sending agents inland. In 1756-58 Joseph Smith and Joseph Waggoner made two trips to the Swan River and upper Assiniboine.
English Period
The western fur trade collapsed during the British conquest of Canada but it was soon restored by English-speakers. These so-called "Pedlars" joined together to form the North West Company. The Hudson's Bay Company responded by building posts inland, starting with Cumberland House, Saskatchewan in 1774. Competition between the HBC and NWC led to a great expansion to trade and exploration until the merger of the two companies in 1821. Pedlars reached Lake Winnipeg by 1767 and Fort des Épinettes west of Lake Manitoba in 1768. By the 1770s they were on the lower Saskatchewan River. The NWC reached the Swan River in 1787 and in the 1790s many posts were built on the upper Assiniboine. In 1787 the NWC built Fort Espérance on the Qu'Appelle River. In the 1790s Brandon House and Fort Montagne à la Bosse were built on the middle Assiniboine and there was trade from this area with the Mandans. In 1805 there was communication between the Assiniboine posts and the Lewis and Clark Expedition. In 1811 the Red River Colony was founded which led to open violence culminating in the Battle of Seven Oaks in 1816. After 1821, when the two companies merged, the upper Assiniboine posts were closed and trade concentrated at Fort Pelly at the Swan River portage. In 1831 Fort Ellice was built at the mouth of the Qu'Appelle River and later became more important that Fort Pelly. The Carlton Trail gradually evolved as an overland route west from Winnipeg. By around 1870 St. Paul, Minnesota had a population of 120,000 while there were 11,963 inhabitants on Manitoba. There was a 450-mile cart trail from St. Paul to Winnipeg. Railroads and settlers arrived in the 1880s.
List of trading posts
Posts on the Assiniboine and lower Red River Distances are approximate straight-line distances from the previous entry.
Assiniboine River: minor or ill-documented posts
Adhemar's Fort 6 miles east of Portage la Prairie
Blondeau's Fort perhaps east of Adhemar's
Fort des Trembles or Poplar Fort 5 (or 9) miles west of Portage la Prairie. In 1781 it was defended against Indian attack and them abandoned. This is different from Fort aux Trembles near Fort la Corne.
Beaver Creek House somewhere near mouth of the Qu'Appelle. Fort Ellice was on a "Beaver Creek"
Shell River posts. About 25 km southeast of Aspin house above the mouth of the Shell River were Pedlar (Peter Grant), NWC and HBC posts. The HBC post was abandoned in 1796.
Fort Hibernia at the later site of Fort Pelly
Upper Assiniboine posts: (HBC:Swan River House, Marlboro House, Somerset House, Carlton House, Albany House; NWC: Swan River Fort, Bird Mountain House, Fort Alexandria) see section below.
Red River (other):
HBC post in 1819 two or three miles up Netley Creek near the old Fort Maurepas at the mouth of the Red River
Pembina, North Dakota
Fort Daer: at Pembina built by people from the Red River Colony.
Souris River: Ash Fort near Hartney, Manitoba, passed by David Thompson in 1798 and Alexander Henry the younger in 1806.
Qu'Appelle River: Fort Esperance, Fort Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan
West: Touchwood Hills Post, Last Mountain House, An American post near Turtle Mountain circa 1832
North: Fort Red Deer River
Upper Assiniboine and Swan River fur trade
From before 1787 until 1821 there were a number of trading posts on the upper Assiniboine and Swan River. Either they are ill-documented or the documents have not been studied, so there is little information and locations are uncertain. Because the upper Assiniboine is shallow, twisting and full of sand bars the area was usually reached via the Swan River. The route ran from Lake Winnipegosis up the short Shoal River to Swan Lake, up the Swan River to its bend and over an easy portage to the Assiniboine near the later Fort Pelly. Because the area was much closer to Hudson Bay than Montreal the Hudson's Bay Company had a significant advantage over the North West Company.
The first in the area was William Bruce, an independent trader from Montreal. They established an unnamed post in the Shoal River at an uncertain date. In 1787 Robert Grant of the North West Company built Swan River Fort (NWC,1787-?) on the north bank of the Swan River ten or twelve miles above Swan Lake. In 1790 Charles Isham of the Hudson's Bay Company built Swan River House (HBC,1790-1808) one-half mile above the NWC post. About 1793 the NWC built a post between the Swan and Assiniboine in response to Marlboro House below.
In 1793 Isham built Marlboro House (HBC,1793-?) on the Assiniboine near its "elbow" which is near the Swan River portage and the later Fort Pelly. In 1793 Cuthbert Grant of the NWC built Bird Mountain House (NWC,1793-?) 50 miles upstream at the mouth of Thunder Creek. In 1794 Isham built Somerset House (HBC, 1794-1808) two miles above Grant's post. This was in an area used as a wintering place by buffalo and was so successful that it reduced Swan River House to an outpost. In 1795 the NWC built posts immediately next to Swan River House and Somerset House (Losey does not explain what happened to the NWC posts already nearby.) About the same time Isham and Peter Fidler built a post 15 miles west of the elbow which they called Carlton House (HBC,1795?-?) (not to be confused with Fort Carlton). In 1795 the NWC built Fort Alexandria (NWC 1795-1821), said to be near Sturgis, Saskatchewan. Daniel Williams Harmon was here from 1800 to 1805. It was closed 1805 and re-opened in 1807. John Sutherland built Albany House (HBC,1796-?) after moving up from the Shell River. There were also some "South Men" who came from the area around Duluth, but they are very poorly documented. The area soon became trapped out. The HBC closed Swan River House and Somerset House some time between 1799 and 1807 and briefly reopened them for the 1807-08 season with Peter Fidler in charge. The NWC continued to operate but all the posts were closed in 1821 when the two companies merged. The general area continued to be called "Swan River District" and was administered from Fort Pelly from 1824.
References
Elizabeth Browne Losey,"Let Them be Remembered:The Story of the Fur Trade Forts, 1999
Martin Kavanagh, "The Assiniboine Basin", 1946
Atlas of Saskatchewan:
Assiniboine River
Fur trade
Economy of Manitoba
Economy of Saskatchewan
Red River Colony
First Nations history
Coccothrinax fagildei or Fagilde's palm, is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. fagildei to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
fagildei
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1985
was a samurai of the Hōjō clan who fought both for and against the Imperial Court. Their father was Hōjō Takatoki, last Shogunal Regent and de facto ruler of the Kamakura shogunate.
Tokiyuki had fought against both the Imperial forces and those of the Ashikaga in order to save the Kamakura shogunate, of which their clan had been the ruler for over a century. After the 1333 siege of Kamakura, their father's suicide and the almost complete destruction of their family, they escaped to Shinano Province and the home of Suwa Yorishige, where they gathered an army with which to return and try to regain power. They re-entered Kamakura in 1335, forcing Ashikaga Tadayoshi to flee before they were forced to flee themselves by Tadayoshi's elder brother and future shōgun Ashikaga Takauji.
Shortly after their defeat, Tokiyuki asked to be pardoned by Emperor Go-Daigo, and formally entered into the service of the Southern Court, fighting under the command of Kitabatake Akiie, and later Prince Munenaga. They also aided in the 1352 recapture of Kamakura, led by Nitta Yoshioki. However, when Nitta was pursued by Ashikaga Takauji and sought refuge in Echigo Province, Tokiyuki fled to Sagami Province, where they were discovered and beheaded by forces loyal to the Ashikaga.
See also
Yokoi Yayū. The Yokoi clan is believed to descend from Hōjō Tokiyuki.
The Elusive Samurai - A manga series loosely based on the tales of Hōjō Tokiyuki.
References
Further reading
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric (2002). "Japan Encyclopedia". Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press.
Papinot, Edmond. (1910). Historical and geographical dictionary of Japan. Tokyo: Librarie Sansaisha.
Tokiyuki
Year of birth unknown
1353 deaths
Recipients of Japanese royal pardons
Diogo Emanuel Pinto Teixeira (born 20 January 1999) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sanjoanense.
Club career
Teixeira made their professional debut with Rio Ave in a 3-1 Primeira Liga win over Portimonense on 8 January 2021.
International career
Teixeira is a youth international for Portugal, and was part of the Portugal U19s that won the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
References
External links
FPF Profile
1999 births
Living people
People from Marco de Canaveses
Portuguese footballers
Portugal youth international footballers
Rio Ave F.C. players
A.D. Sanjoanense players
Primeira Liga players
Campeonato de Portugal (league) players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Porto District
The Big Walnut Creek Nature Preserve, or simply Walnut Creek Preserve, is a nature preserve located in northeast Austin, Texas in the United States.
Notes
Nature reserves in Texas
Protected areas of Texas
Parks in Austin, Texas
South Carolina Highway 308 (SC 308) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Ora and Clinton.
Route description
SC 308 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 221 in Ora, Laurens County. It travels to the southeast and curves to the northeast. Then, it heads to the east and intersects SC 49. It crosses Duncan Creek, which leads into Clinton Reservoir. The highway passes Clinton Reservoir Tract Wildlife Management Area. After that, it crosses over Long Branch before an interchange with Interstate 385 (I-385; Veterans Memorial Highway). SC 308 crosses over Beards Fork Creek before entering Clinton. There, it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with SC 56 Business (SC 56 Bus.) and SC 72 Bus. (North Broad Street/Willard Road).
History
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Mapmikey's South Carolina Highways Page: SC 308
308
Transportation in Laurens County, South Carolina
Barru Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It covers an area of 1,174.72 km2 and had a population of 165,983 at the 2010 Census and 184,452 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Barru.
Administration
Barru Regency in 2020, as in 2010, comprised seven administrative Districts (Kecamatan), tabulated below from south to north with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and at the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, and the numbers of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district.
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Colonel Noel Andrew Cotton Croft, (30 November 1906 – 26 June 1998) was a member of the Special Operations Executive in World War II, with operations in Norway and Corsica, as well as military attaché to Sweden. They were also an Arctic explorer, holding the longest self-supporting dog-sledge journey in the Guinness Book of Records for 60 years (across Greenland), and Commandant of the Cadet Corps of the Metropolitan Police Service.
Early life
Noel Andrew Croft was born on 30 November 1906, St Andrews Day, in Stevenage in Hertfordshire where their father, Robert, was the local vicar. After two prep schools, they attended Lancing College, before becoming one of the founding pupils at Stowe School, and then going up to Christ Church, Oxford in 1925.
Career as an explorer
Croft participated in several Arctic expeditions.
In 1934, along with Lieutenant A.S.T. Godfrey Lieutenant Arthur Godfrey of the Royal Engineers and Martin Lindsay, Croft participated in the 1934 British Trans-Greenland Expedition which mapped the Crown Prince Frederick Range as the expedition photographer and dog-handler. To do so, they learned to speak Danish and Greenlandic and learned to be an expert dog-driver.
They served as the second-in-command of the Oxford University Arctic Expedition, 1935–36, under A. R. Glen, a glaciologist. The expedition, under the auspices of the Oxford University Exploration Club, was a fourteen-month-long scientific survey of North-East Land.
They were a recipient of the Polar Medal in 1942
and of the Royal Geographical Society's Back Award in 1947.
War service and army career
During World War II Croft served with the British Army in Finland, Norway, and Sweden before returning to active service with No. 14 (Arctic) Commando. They served with a Special Forces unit behind enemy lines in Tunisia, and was then given an independent command in the Special Operations Executive (SOE) to operate small motorboats out of Calvi in Northern Corsica. Covert missions were carried out to the Italian and French coasts, where secret agents and equipment were landed and picked up. In 1944, they were parachuted into Southern France to organise the French Resistance there. They were awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) on 15 March 1945. Following the end of the war they were granted a regular commission on 21 May 1949, backdated to their original commissioning.
Later life
On 24 July 1952, they married Rosalind Madden, the widow of an Irish Guards officer.
They stepped down with their leader, Eric Shipton, from the 1953 Everest Expedition which summitted the mountain that year.
In the 1950s they were appointed as the commandant of the Army Apprentice School, Harrogate.
In 1960, Croft became the first Commandant of the Metropolitan Police's Hendon Police Cadet College, and was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1970 New Year Honours for their successful development of the Corps of Cadets. In 1968, they served as a member of the organising committee for an Arctic exploration expedition led by Wally Herbert. A member of the expedition, Allan Gill, suffered a serious lower back injury requiring their evacuation.
Publications
Polar Exploration: Epics of the Twentieth Century
A Talent for Adventure. The Self-Publishing Association, 1991
References
External links
The Andrew Croft Memorial Fund (http://www.acmf.org.uk/)
1906 births
1998 deaths
British Army Commandos officers
British military attachés
British Army personnel of World War II
Essex Regiment officers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
British Special Operations Executive personnel
English explorers
British polar explorers
People educated at Lancing College
People educated at Stowe School
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Recipients of the Polar Medal
People from Stevenage
The Sora-E is a two-seat electric powered aircraft. It is a joint venture between ACS Aviation of Brazil and Itaipu Binacional of Paraguay.
Development
The Sora-E is a side-by-side two seat low wing tri-cycle gear aircraft of composite construction. A Slovenian electric engine is powered by six lithium-ion polymer (LiPo) batteries.
Specifications (Sora-E)
References
Experimental aircraft
Electric aircraft
2010s Brazilian aircraft
2010s Brazilian experimental aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2015
Lochaber Mines is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Halifax Regional Municipality. It is located along Route 374 about northeast of Sheet Harbour. The community is located along East River and is near the Marshall Flowage, a large lake at the head of East River. The community is named for Lochaber, located in Scotland. In 1812, Alexander Fraser received a grant of land in the area. Several gold leads were opened by J.H. Anderson in 1887 in the area, however, not much work was done outside of exploratory work.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Gururaja Shyamacharya Amur (8 May 1925 – 28 September 2020) was an Indian professor of literature, writer and critic in both the Kannada and English languages. They were a recipient of many prestigious awards including the Central Sahitya Akademi Award instituted by the Government of India.
Career
Amur was born in Bommanahalli village in the Dharwad district. They obtained their Master of Arts degree in English from the University of Mumbai and their PhD in English from the Karnatak University, Dharwar. Their thesis was titled The Concept of Comedy. After their M.A., Amur worked as a Professor of English at the Karnatak University, Dharwad and Marathwada University in Aurangabad before they visited the University of California at Santa Barbara and Yale University as a Senior Fulbright scholar in 1972 and 1973. They were married to Shanta Amur and resided in Dharwad.
Awards
Nrupatunga Award - 2020
Masti Award in 2010
Pampa Award in 2006
Da. Ra. Bendre Award in 2005
Rajyotsava Award in 2000
Sahitya Akademi Award in 1996
Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad Award in 1993, 1994
S. S. Malwad Prashasti in 1988
Karnataka Sahitya Akademi in 1988
Death
Amur died on 28 September, 2020 due to age related ailments at the age of 95.
Bibliography
Books
Kannada
Ninda Hejje (2004)
Bendre Kaavya (2003)
Kannada Kathana Sahitya: Sanna Kathe (2003)
Seemollanghana (2002)
Kathanashastra (2001)
Shantinath Desai (2000)
Amrutavaahini (2000)
Bendrekaavyada Pratimaaloka (2000)
Dattatreya Ramachandra Bendre (2000)
Kaadambariya Swaroopa (1999)
Viraata Purusha: Shriranga Saraswata Sameekshe (1998)
Saatvika Patha (1995)
Kannada Kathana Sahitya: Kaadambari (1994)
Comedy (1993)
Vyavasaaya (1992)
Bhuvanada Bhagya (1991)
Arthaloka (1988)
A.N. Krishnarayaru (1987)
Kannada Kaadambariya Belevanige (1983)
English
Dattatreya Ramachandra Bendre (1994)
Creations & Transcreations (1992)
Forbidden Fruit, Views on Indo-Anglian Fiction (1992)
A.N. Krishnarao (1987)
Colonial Consciousness in Commonwealth Literature (1984)
Essays on Comparative Literature and Linguistics (1984)
Images and Impressions: Essays Mainly on Contemporary Indian Literature (1979)
The Concept of Comedy: A Re-statement (1963)
Anthologies
Kannada
Koralu Kolalu: Collection of critical articles on modern kannada poetry (2006)
Anthology of Selected Plays of Sriranga (2005)
Swatantryottara Sannakathegalu (2004)Avala Kathegalu (1999)Selected Kannada Short Stories (1993)
Essays
English
The River, the Lotus Pond and the Ruined Temple: An Essay on Symbolism in RK Narayan's Novels (1985)
Philip Roth's My Life as a Man: Portrait of the Artist as a Trapped Husband (1984)
The Beautiful and the Necessary: A Note on Emerson's Idea of Form (1983)
Marriage as Symbolic Strategy in Seeta, Esmond in India and The Serpent and the Rope (1981)
Theme, Structure, and Symbol in The Catcher in the Rye (1969)
Self-Recognition in The Serpent and The Rope A Saint for Malgudi: A New Look at R.K. Narayan's The Guide Hellenic Heroines and Sexless Angels: Images of Women in Forster's Novels''
References
1925 births
2020 deaths
Writers from Karnataka
Kannada-language writers
People from Dharwad district
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Kannada
Karnatak University alumni
20th-century Indian essayists
Indian male essayists
Indian literary critics
English-language writers from India
20th-century Indian poets
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Indian male writers
The men's 400 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 30 and 31 August, and 1 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
1 September
Semi-finals
31 August
Semi-final 1
Semi-final 2
Heats
30 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 25 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(3)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(1)
References
400 metres
400 metres at the European Athletics Championships
Trudelj is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 410 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Indiana–Kentucky football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Indiana Hoosiers and Kentucky Wildcats. The Hoosiers played the Wildcats first met in 1893 in Lexington and both tied the game at 24. They played annually in football from 1987 until 2005 in what was known as the "Bourbon Barrel" game as C. M. Newton wanted something similar to the Kentucky–Tennessee rivalry, beer barrel.
Bourbon Barrel
The two teams played for a trophy called the "Bourbon Barrel" from 1987 until both schools mutually agreed to retire the trophy in 1999 following the alcohol-related death of a Kentucky football player. Indiana leads the series (18–17–1).
Game results
See also
Indiana–Kentucky rivalry
List of NCAA college football rivalry games
References
College football rivalries in the United States
Indiana Hoosiers football
Kentucky Wildcats football
Elmar Wepper (born 16 April 1944 in Augsburg) is a German actor
Their television credits include Der Kommissar, Unsere schönsten Jahre and Zwei Münchner in Hamburg. Their film credits include Cherry Blossoms, Café Europa, Lammbock and Dreiviertelmond.  They are also known for dubbing Mel Gibson's voice since the 1980s.
 They are the younger brother of actor Fritz Wepper.
References
Further reading
External links
1944 births
Living people
German male voice actors
German male television actors
German male film actors
20th-century German male actors
21st-century German male actors
Male actors from Munich
German Film Award winners
Mount Somolenko is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Rivers Inlet and south of Mount Silverthrone. It is the highest peak south of Mount Silverthrone in the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield.
Mount Somolenko lies in a circular volcanic depression in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains called the Silverthrone Caldera.
See also
List of volcanoes in Canada
Volcanology of Canada
Volcanology of Western Canada
References
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Volcanoes of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
Range 2 Coast Land District
Ylenia Carabott (born 2 March 1989) is a Maltese football forward who plays for Women's National League Southern Premier Division side Gillingham. During their time in Malta with Hibernians, they won the top scorer award for 9 times and in 8 consecutive seasons. They also finished runner-up in the best player award in 3 seasons and was also nominated for the Malta Sports Woman of the year where they finished with the top 5.
Club career
In their home country Carabott has played for Raiders, Hibernians and Birkirkara, winning a series of league and cup titles.
Outside of Malta they have had spells with Swedish sides Alby FF and Ange IF, and Italian Serie B side Chievo. In August 2020 they signed for Belgian First Division team Charleroi.
In September 2021, Carabott joined English club Keynsham Town, but failed to score in 14 league appearances for the side as they were relegated from the National League Southern Premier Division. In July 2022 they signed for Gillingham of the National League Southern Premier Division.
Honours
Hibernians
Maltese Women's League: 2004–05, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2008–09, 2014–15, 2015–16
Malta Women's Knock Out: 2005–06, 2014–15, 2015–16
Malta Women's Super Cup: 2006–07, 2007–08, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17
Birkirkara
Maltese Women's League: 2018–19
Malta Women's Knock Out: 2018–19
Malta Women's Super Cup: 2018–19
Individual
Maltese Women's League Top Scorer: 2006–07, 2008–09, 2009–2010, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17
See also
List of Malta women's international footballers
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Maltese women's footballers
Malta women's international footballers
Women's association football forwards
Keynsham Town L.F.C. players
The Ambassador of Ireland to the Czech Republic is the head of the Embassy of Ireland, Prague, and the official representative of the Government of Ireland to the Government of the Czech Republic.
The incumbent Ambassador is Cliona Manahan who was appointed in September 2019.
Diplomatic relations between Ireland and the Czech Republic
Ireland and Czechoslovakia initially had contacts through the League of Nations. A Czechoslovakian Consulate was established in Dublin in 1929 and was upgraded to a Legation in 1947. Communism's arrival in 1948 interrupted the development of diplomatic relations until 1965 when a Czechoslovak Trade Mission was established in Dublin. This was upgraded to an Embassy in 1995. The Irish Trade Office opened in Prague in 1991 and the Irish Embassy in Vienna was responsible for diplomatic relations until 1995 when an Embassy was established in Prague.
Ambassadors
Marie Cross (September 1995 - July 1999)
Michael Collins (diplomat) (August 1999 - July 2001)
Joe Hayes (October 2001 - August 2005)
Donal Hamill (September 2005 - October 2009)
Richard Ryan (December 2009 - November 2011)
Alison Kelly (February 2012 - August 2015)
Charles Sheehan (August 2015 - August 2019)
Cliona Manahan (August 2019-)
References
Czech Republic
Ireland
Ambassadors of Ireland to the Czech Republic
Harris County is a county located in the west-central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia; its western border with the state of Alabama is formed by the Chattahoochee River. As of the 2010 census, the population was 32,024. The county seat is Hamilton. The largest city in the county is Pine Mountain, a resort town that is home to the Franklin D. Roosevelt State Park (the largest state park in Georgia). Harris County was created on December 14, 1827, and named for Charles Harris, a Georgia judge and attorney.
Harris County is part of the Columbus, GA-AL metropolitan area and has become a popular suburban and exurban destination of residence for families relocating from Columbus. Because of this, Harris has become the sixth-wealthiest county in Georgia in terms of per capita income and the wealthiest in the state outside of Metro Atlanta.
History
The county was settled by European Americans largely after the federal government had removed the indigenous Creek people (Muscogee) in the 1830s, under treaties by which they ceded most of their homelands to the United States. They were relocated to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River.
In the antebellum era, parts of the county were developed for cotton plantations, the premier commodity crop. Planters acquired numerous enslaved African Americans as laborers from the Upper South through the domestic slave trade.
The County Courthouse was designed by Edward Columbus Hosford of Georgia and completed in 1906.
Moonshiners were active in the mountain areas of the county in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Both whites and blacks took part in this, and were common drinking patrons.
Lynchings
On January 22, 1912, a black woman and three black men were lynched in Hamilton, the county seat, for the alleged murder of young local white landowner Norman Hadley. They were described by journalist Karen Branan in their 2016 book about these events as a white, "near penniless plowboy-playboy" and "notorious predator of black women."
Of this group, Dusky Crutchfield was the first woman lynched in Georgia. The lynching case attracted attention of national northern newspapers. Also murdered by the lynch mob were Eugene Harrington, Burrell Hardaway, and Johnie Moore. (Note: There was confusion about the names of victims at the time, and variations in spelling have been published.)
The four had been taken in for questioning about Hadley's murder by Sheriff Marion Madison "Buddie" Hadley, but never arrested. Lynched as scapegoats by a white mob of 100 men, they were later shown to have been utterly innocent. As an example of the complex relationships in the town and county, Johnie Moore was a mixed-race cousin of the sheriff; and Norman Hadley was the sheriff's nephew.
In 1947, prosperous farmer Henry "Peg" Gilbert, a married African-American man who owned and farmed 100 acres in Troup County, was arrested by officials from neighboring Harris County and charged with harboring a fugitive. The 47-year-old father was accused in the case of Gus Davidson, an African-American man accused of fatally shooting a white man in Harris County and who had disappeared. Four days later Gilbert was dead, shot while held in jail by the Harris County Sheriff, who said it was self-defense. No charges were filed against him.
In 2016 the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project of Northeastern University reported on GGilbert's death in custody. They had found that Henry Gilbert had been beaten severely before their death, and shot five times. They asserted they had been detained and killed because whites resented their success as a farmer. Economic issues and competition were often at the bottom of lynchings. A white man took over Gilbert's land, cheating their family out of everything they had built.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (1.9%) are covered by water.
The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state, with forests, farmland, and rolling hills covering much of the county. The Pine Mountain Range begins in the county, and runs across the northernmost parts of the county, with the highest point on the range found at Dowdell's Knob near the Meriwether County line.
The majority of Harris County is located in the middle Chattahoochee River–Lake Harding subbasin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola–Chattahoochee–Flint River Basin), with the exception of the county's southeastern border area, south of Ellerslie, which is located in the middle Chattahoochee River–Walter F. George Lake subbasin of the same ACF River Basin as that part of the county is drained by Bull Creek, which flows into Upatoi Creek south of Columbus.
Lake Harding and Goat Rock Lake both form much of the county's western border along the Chattahoochee, and both are very popular recreational destinations, especially for metro Columbus residents.
Major highways
Interstate 85
Interstate 185
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Alternate
State Route 1
State Route 18
State Route 36
State Route 85
State Route 85 Alternate
State Route 103
State Route 116
State Route 190
State Route 208
State Route 219
State Route 315
State Route 354
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
State Route 411 (unsigned designation for I-185)
Adjacent counties
Troup County (north)
Meriwether County (northeast)
Talbot County (east)
Muscogee County (south)
Lee County, Alabama (southwest/CST border)
Chambers County, Alabama (northwest/CST border except Lanett and Valley as the cities are jointed by the Columbus metropolitan area)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 34,668 people, 12,156 households, and 9,581 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,024 people, 11,823 households, and 9,268 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,397 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 79.3% white, 17.2% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.7% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.2% identified as having African ancestry; 13.5% were German, 13.4% were Irish, 11.5% were English, and 10.5% identified as having American ancestry.
Of the 11,823 households, 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.0% were married couples living together, 10.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 21.6% were non-families, and 18.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.04. The median age was 42.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $67,018 and the median income for a family was $74,457. Males had a median income of $49,844 versus $37,103 for females. The per capita income for the county was $31,073. About 6.0% of families and 9.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.3% of those under age 18 and 10.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Hamilton (county seat)
Shiloh
West Point (part, most city is in Troup County)
Towns
Pine Mountain
Waverly Hall
Unincorporated communities
Cataula
Ellerslie
Fortson (part, mostly in Muscogee County)
Midland (part, mostly in Muscogee County)
Mountain Hill
Ossahatchie
Pine Mountain Valley
Piney Grove
Ridgeway
Whitesville
Politics
Like all of Georgia except the Unionist Fannin, Towns, Pickens and Gilmer counties, which were in the upland region and could not support plantations, Harris County was historically dominated by a majority of conservative white voters after the Civil War. They belonged to the Democratic Party. From the end of Reconstruction to 1980, they supported Republican presidential candidates only twice, in 1964 (when Barry Goldwater carried the state in a landslide) and 1972 (during Richard Nixon's national landslide).
But the passage of civil rights legislation by the national Democratic Party and social and cultural disruption of the era resulted in white conservatives beginning to support the Republican Party. In 1984, the state swung from having given a 16.8 percent victory to the 'favorite son' of Georgia, Jimmy Carter, in 1976, to a nearly 20-point victory for Ronald Reagan in their second term. In this, it was part of the realignment of white conservatives across the South. Since then, these voters in Harris County have voted for Republican presidential candidates. 1984 is the last time that a Democrat gained more than 40 percent of the vote. This trend has been attributed to the effect of Columbus's suburbs extending into the county, but it is part of the broader realignment among conservatives in the region.
Education
The Harris County School District holds preschool to grade 12 and consists of four elementary schools, an intermediate school, a middle school, and a high school. The district headquarters is located in Hamilton, and has 274 full-time teachers and over 4,411 students spread out over seven schools.
Mulberry Creek Elementary School (Cataula)
New Mountain Hill Elementary School (Fortson)
Park Elementary School (Hamilton)
Pine Ridge Elementary School (Ellerslie)
Creekside Intermediate School (grades 5–6) (Cataula)
Harris County Carver Middle School (Hamilton)
Harris County High School (Hamilton)
Notable people
Reuben J. Crews, father of C.C. Crews and a colonel in the Georgia Militia
Benjamin Franklin White, clerk of the Inferior Court of Harris County, mayor of Whitesville, and compiler of the shape note songbook known as The Sacred Harp
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harris County, Georgia
References
External links
Columbus Enquirer Archive Digital Library of Georgia
Harris County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Columbus metropolitan area, Georgia
1827 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1827
The 1913 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 13th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine side San Isidro and Uruguayan team Nacional,
In the match, played at Estadio Racing Club in Avellaneda, Nacional beat San Isidro 1–0, taking revenge on the previous edition and also winning its first Tie Cup tournament.
Qualified teams
Overview
San Isidro earned its place in the final after having won the 1913 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the squad beat Newell's Old Boys (4–2 in Rosario), Boca Juniors (2–1 in San Isidro), Banfield (4–1 also in San Isidro) and Racing in the final (2–0).
The match was held Estadio Racing Club on 29 October, 1913. The only goal was on 37 minutes, when goalkeeper Wilson stopped a shot by Gorla, the rebound came to José María Seoane which scored for the 1–0 that allowed Nacional to win their first Tie Cup trophy.
Match details
References
T
T
1913 in Argentine football
1913 in Uruguayan football
Football in Avellaneda
Night of the Ninja is a straight-to-video motion picture released in 1989 by Imperial Entertainment Corp.
The film is essentially two or three martial arts films edited together to appear as one, although this is unconfirmed. The majority of the film's running time depicts a man attempting to escape their criminal past only to be drawn into an organized crime war over a stolen diamond. A substantial subplot deals with a Caucasian insurance investigator in Hong Kong hired to apparently track down the same diamond. Another plotline concerns a family of ninja attempting to break in to an old thief's house.
1989 films
Martial arts films
1980s crime films
Creighton Williams Abrams Jr. (September 15, 1914 – September 4, 1974) was a United States Army general who commanded military operations in the Vietnam War from 1968 to 1972, which saw United States troop strength in South Vietnam reduced from a peak of 543,000 to 49,000. They were then Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1972 until their death in 1974.
In 1980, the United States Army named its then new main battle tank, the M1 Abrams, after him. The IG Farben building in Germany was also named after Abrams from 1975 to 1995.
Military career
Early career
Abrams graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in the Class of 1936 (ranked 185th of 276 in the class), and served with the 1st Cavalry Division from 1936 to 1940, being promoted to first lieutenant in 1939 and temporary captain in 1940.
Abrams became an armor officer early in the development of that branch and served as a tank company commander in the 1st Armored Division in 1940.
World War II
During World War II, Abrams served in the 4th Armored Division, initially as regimental adjutant (June 1941 – June 1942), battalion commander (July 1942 – March 1943), and regiment executive officer (March–September 1943) with the 37th Armor Regiment. In September 1943, a reorganization of the division redesignated the 37th Armor Regiment to the 37th Tank Battalion, which Abrams commanded; they also commanded Combat Command B of the division during the Battle of the Bulge.
During this time Abrams was promoted to the temporary ranks of major (February 1942), lieutenant colonel (September 1942), and colonel (April 1945). Abrams was promoted to lieutenant colonel eleven days before their 28th birthday.
During much of this time, the 4th Armored Division (led by the 37th Tank Battalion) was the spearhead for General George S. Patton's Third Army, and they were consequently well known as an aggressive armor commander. By using their qualities as a leader and by consistently exploiting the relatively small advantages of speed and reliability of their vehicles, they managed to defeat German forces that had the advantage of superior armor and superior guns. They were twice decorated with the Distinguished Service Cross for extraordinary heroism, on September 20 and December 26, 1944. General George Patton said of him: "I'm supposed to be the best tank commander in the Army, but I have one peer—Abe Abrams. He's the world champion." Frequently the spearhead of the Third Army during World War II, Abrams was one of the leaders in the relief effort that broke up the German entrenchments surrounding Bastogne and the 101st Airborne Division during the Battle of the Bulge. In April 1945, they were promoted to (temporary) colonel but reverted to lieutenant colonel during the post-war demobilization. On April 23, 1945, Will Lang Jr. wrote a biography of Abrams called "Colonel Abe" for Life.
Interbellum and Korean War
Following the war, Abrams served on the Army General Staff (1945–46), as head of the department of tactics at the Armored School, Fort Knox (1946–48), and graduated from the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth (1949).
Abrams commanded the 63rd Tank Battalion, part of the 1st Infantry Division, in Europe (1949–51). They were again promoted to colonel and commanded the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment (1951–52). These units were important assignments due to the Cold War concern for potential invasion of western Europe by the Soviet Union. They then attended and graduated from the Army War College in 1953.
Due to Abrams' service in Europe and their War College tour, they joined the Korean War late in the conflict. They successively served as chief of staff of the, X and IX Corps in South Korea (1953–1954).
Staff assignments and division command
Upon Abrams' return from Korea, they served as Chief of Staff of the Armor Center, Fort Knox (1954–56). They were promoted to brigadier general and appointed deputy chief of staff for reserve components at the Pentagon (1956–59). They were assistant division commander of 3rd Armored Division (1959–60) and then commanded the division (1960–62) upon their promotion to major general. They were transferred to the Pentagon as deputy Chief of Staff for Operations (1962–63) and during this time they served as representative of the Army Chief of Staff overseeing the armed forces deployed to support the enrollment of James Meredith at the segregated University of Mississippi. They performed a similar role in May 1963 during the civil rights protests in Birmingham, Alabama. Following these roles Abrams demanded a more coherent policy for the swift employment of Federal forces domestically and on 25 May 1963, the Joint Chiefs formalized those arrangements with the Strike Command instructed to be prepared "to move ready, deployable, tailored Army forces ranging in size from a reinforced company to a maximum force of 15,000 personnel".
They were promoted to lieutenant general and commanded V Corps in Europe (1963–1964).
Abrams was on the cover of Time magazine three times in ten years: 1961 (October 13), 1968 (April 19), and 1971 (February 15).
Vietnam War
Abrams was promoted to general in 1964 and appointed Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army, but not before being seriously considered as a candidate for chief of staff. Due to concerns about the conduct of the Vietnam War, they were appointed as deputy to their West Point classmate, General William Westmoreland, commander of the Military Assistance Command, Vietnam (MACV), in May 1967.
Abrams succeeded Westmoreland as COMUSMACV on June 10, 1968, although their tenure of command was not marked by the public optimism of their predecessors, who were prone to press conferences and public statements.
It has been asserted by authors such as Lewis Sorley that in contrast to Westmoreland, Abrams implemented counterinsurgency tactics that focused on winning the hearts and minds of the Vietnamese rural population. A joint military-civilian organization named Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support under CIA official William Colby carried out the hearts and minds programs. According to a colonel cited in Men's Journal, there was more continuity than change in Vietnam after Abrams succeeded Westmoreland. Newsweek magazine at the time of Abrams' appointment observed that its sources within the Lyndon Johnson administration had spoken at length with Abrams in the past and had come away convinced that the general would make few changes. The magazine quoted an unidentified military analyst to the effect that, "All this talk of dropping search-and destroy operations in favor of clear-and-hold is just a lot of bull." Indeed none of the strategy papers produced by Abrams on assuming command of MACV indicated the need for any change in U.S. strategy and U.S. forces continued large-scale operations to engage People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) main force units including the Battle of Hamburger Hill in May 1969.
From 1969, the Vietnam War increasingly became a conventional war between the military forces of South Vietnam and North Vietnam. Following the election of President Richard Nixon, Abrams began implementing the Nixon Administration's Vietnamization policy to decrease U.S. involvement in Vietnam. With this new goal, Abrams had decreased American troop strength from a peak of 543,000 in early 1969 to 49,000 in June 1972. The South Vietnamese forces with aerial support from the U.S. repelled the PAVN conventional Easter Offensive in 1972. The prolonged efforts and expense of the war had by then exhausted much of the American public and political support. Abrams disdained most of the politicians with whom they were forced to deal, in particular Robert McNamara and McGeorge Bundy, and had an even lower opinion of defense contractors, whom they accused of war profiteering.
Abrams was also in charge of the Cambodian Incursion in 1970. President Nixon seemed to hold Abrams in high regard, and often relied on their advice. In a tape-recorded conversation between Nixon and National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger on December 9, 1970, Nixon told Kissinger about Abrams' thoughts on intervention in Cambodia that: "If Abrams strongly recommends it we will do it." Troop levels in Vietnam eventually reached 25,000 in January 1973, at the time of the four power Paris Peace Accords. Although it occurred before they assumed total command, Abrams bore the brunt of fallout from the My Lai massacre in March 1968.
Nixon grew increasingly dissatisfied with Abrams' performance during Operation Lam Son 719 and had debated for some time whether to recall Abrams. On 4 May 1972 Nixon resolved to replace Abrams with their former deputy General Frederick Weyand, but the decision was not publicly announced until 20 June 1972.
Chief of Staff
Abrams was appointed Chief of Staff of the United States Army by Nixon in June 1972. However, they were not confirmed by the United States Senate until October, due to political repercussions involving accusations of unauthorized bombings of North Vietnam. It has also been reported that Congress had delayed the confirmation to question the administration's war in Cambodia. During this time, Abrams began the transition to the all-volunteer army, also known as Project VOLAR.
In January 1974, Abrams directed the formation of a Ranger battalion. The 1st Battalion (Ranger), 75th Infantry, was activated and parachuted into Fort Stewart, Georgia, on July 1; the 2nd Battalion (Ranger), 75th Infantry followed with activation on October 1. The 3rd Battalion, 75th Infantry (Ranger), and Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 75th Infantry (Ranger), received their colors a decade later on October 3, 1984, at Fort Benning, Georgia. The 75th Ranger Regiment was designated in February 1986. The modern Ranger battalions owe their existence to Abrams and their charter:
Abrams served as Chief of Staff until their death on September 4, 1974.
Personal life
Born in Springfield, Massachusetts, and raised in the Feeding Hills section of Agawam, they were the son of Nellie Louise (Randall) and Creighton Abrams, a railroad worker. Abrams married Julia Berthe Harvey in 1936. They founded the army group of Arlington Ladies and devoted time to humanitarian causes.
The Abramses had three sons and three daughters. All three sons became Army general officers: retired Brigadier General Creighton Williams Abrams III, General John Nelson Abrams, and General Robert Bruce Abrams. Daughters Noel Bradley, Jeanne Daley, and Elizabeth Doyle all married army officers.
Abrams converted to Catholicism during their time in Vietnam; they were raised as Methodist Protestant.
A heavy cigar smoker, Abrams died at age 59, eleven days before their 60th birthday at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C., from complications of surgery to remove a cancerous lung.  They are buried with their wife Julia in Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and decorations
Their awards and decorations include:
Army Presidential Unit Citation
Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citation (Army Version)
Dates of rank
Notes
Citations
References
Sorley, Lewis. Thunderbolt: General Creighton Abrams and the army of their time. New York: Simon and Schuster, 1992.
Sorely, Lewis. "A better war. The unexamined victories and final tragedy of America's last years in Vietnam". Orlando: Harcourt, 1999.
External links
Creighton William Abrahams, Jr. at ArlingtonCemetery•net, an unofficial website
Interview with Lewis Sorley on Vietnam Chronicles: The Abrams Tapes 1968–1972 at the Pritzker Military Library
Source of quotes
HistoryNet – Nixon-Abrams clash
|-
|-
1914 births
1974 deaths
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Army personnel of World War II
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Joint Chiefs of Staff
Military personnel from Massachusetts
People from Springfield, Massachusetts
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Silver Star
Tank commanders
United States Army Chiefs of Staff
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army generals
United States Army Vice Chiefs of Staff
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army War College alumni
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Methodism
Catholics from Massachusetts
Bohannon is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. Bohannon is southwest of Mathews. Bohannon has a post office with ZIP code 23064.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Goryachkin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Goryachkina. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandra Goryachkina (born 1998), Russian chess player
Russian-language surnames
is a railway station in the city of Shibata, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Shibata Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 26.0 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Niitsu Station. It is also served by the Hakushin Line and is 27.3 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Niigata Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform and one island platform connected by an underground passage. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
The station opened on 2 September 1912. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the station was used by an average of 3,595 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Shibata City Hall
Shibata Castle
Shimizuen garden
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1912
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Hakushin Line
Shibata, Niigata
Kangwon Land (hangul:강원랜드) is a South Korean casino and resort company based in Gangwon Province, South Korea. The Company develops abandoned mines, and builds gaming and entertainment facilities. Kangwon Land operates a number of game tables and slot machines for domestic and international customers under its gaming licenses.
History
Kangwon province where Kangwon Land is located was well known as a coal mining area. It once experienced a “coal rush” when coal was used as a major national energy source during the 1970s to 1980s. The Kangwon province had experienced devastating economic downturns since coal was replaced by gas and oil in the 90s. The Korean government tried to introduce several alternatives to revitalize the local economy, but the community repeatedly and vigorously requested a domestic casino, and it became authorized in December 1995.
In October 2000, when Kangwon Land first opened to Korean citizens as well as to international tourists, it had one hotel with 199 rooms and a casino that had only 30 table games and 480 slot machines.
Kangwon Land operates two hotels with 674 rooms, two condominiums with 403 rooms, an 18-hole golf course, a ski resort with 18 slopes, and a casino with 132 table games and 960 slot machines on 2,800 acres of land. The effort to diversify sales continues today, as Kangwon Land is constructing a new convention hotel and 2 more condominiums. A new water park is scheduled to open in 2015 to complete the family-oriented year round comprehensive resort.
Kangwon Land offers scholarship to students in abandoned mine areas and also spends 2 billion won each year to treat pneumoconiosis patients and support their livelihood.
Kangwon Land Casino
Kangwon Land Casino is located at the foot of High1 Ski and Golf Resort in Sapuk-eup, Jeongseongun, South Korea. It is the largest casino in the country and accounts for about half of the total gambling revenue annually. Kangwon Land Casino is currently the only Korean casino that allows the country's denizens to play, but also caters to a high number of foreign visitors.
The casino itself covers a gross floor area of 27,291 square meters and houses 200 gaming tables and 1,360 slots and video gambling machines. The Summitas Club is a special place of distinction for casino VIPs only and is open from 10am until 6am seven days a week.
- Table games varieties: Blackjack, Baccarat, Roulette, Big Wheels – 5 kinds.- Slot machines varieties: 480 slot machines – 99 kinds - Age limit: from age 19 and up (verification of identity is mandatory)- Taking pictures in the casino and/or admission after drinking alcohol is strictly forbidden
High1 Resort
High1 is one of Korea's most famous and popular ski and leisure resorts, located between Gohan and Sabuk in Jeongseon County, Gangwon-do. The resort spans most of Gohan mountains and stretches into nearby Sabuk.
High1 CC
High1 CC is a high-elevation, 72-par golf course with 18 holes. It is situated at the High1 Resort near Kangwon Land Casino at an elevation of 1,137m above sea level. The course is over 6,500 meters long. Many amenities are offered at High1 CC, including a 200-meter practice range, a tea house located near the 4th and 14th holes, and a start house offering snacks and drinks as well as an integrated sauna and swimming pool.
Multimedia Fountain Kangwon Land
Multimedia Fountain works in spring, summer and fall. Multimedia Fountain Kangwon Land is considered Asia's largest musical fountain. The project design and development was performed by Emotion Media Factory, a Germany-based company responsible for the dancing fountains in Chiang Mai Night Safari Park (Thailand) and Vinnytsia Fountain Roshen (Ukraine) as well as the multimedia shows for AIDA Cruises.
The Magical Box multimedia fountain show consists of the big cube system and the fountain. In combination with the fountain during daylight hours, the box appears mirrored, but at night it is illuminated to reveal its interior. At night a globe can be seen, some 20 meters in diameter. The special lighting effects give the impression that the globe is rotating and displays the five continents of the world.
Inside the globe is the "Dome Cinema". The "Dome Cinema" has a diameter of 18 meters and is used as the projection area. Video images from TV, DVD, or VHS sources are projected directly into the dome. These images fill almost two thirds of the space. As a result of the various depths of the room, a new laser video system is used to ensure that the images are not distorted. Outside the "Miracle World Box" is the largest fully automatic screen (24 m x 24 m) in the world. Lighting effects, laser projections and synchronized choreographies ensure a unique and unforgettable experience.
All of the technology used in and around the "Miracle World Box" was designed, developed and installed by Emotion Media Factory in August 2007.
Multimedia system consists of 180m water fountains, water screen, video, light, 12 multi-coloured fire units, and laser.
Attractions
The Arari Village Theme Park is an exhibition area where visitors can stay a few days and see what the people were like in a rural village during the Joseon Dynasty. In addition to mementos like Seo-nang-dang (a shrine in honor of a deity) and Jang-seung (totem poles) located at the entrance to the village, Yeon-ja-bang-a (a millstone usually worked by an ox) and a farming tool workshop display, the theme park is designed to show how the people living in this area were engaged in their community. Traditional houses in the theme park were built on the basis of meticulous historical research.
Lumi Arte which starts from the sculpture park trail and ends at the lake is one of the most popular night sightseeing attractions in High1 Resort.
Fireworks take place on Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve.
There is a free cinema in The Kangwon Land Hotel (the same building as World Fusion Restaurant and the casino).
Sponsorship
Sports
Gangwon FC - Football Club based in Gangwon Province
High1- Ice Hockey Team
Kangwon Land Cup - Go competition
Arts and Culture
Seoul Music Awards
See also
Fountain
Musical fountain
Chiang Mai Night Safari
AIDA Cruises
Romon U-Park
References
External links
High1 Resort website
Information about casino
High 1 Weather information
Multimedia Fountain
Kangwon Land multimedia fountain on Emotion Media Factory web-site
Companies listed on the Korea Exchange
Real estate companies of South Korea
Service companies of South Korea
Gangwon Province, South Korea
Casinos in South Korea
Edward Rudge (27 June 1763 – 1846) was an English botanist and antiquary.
Life
They were the son of Edward Rudge, a merchant and alderman of Salisbury, who possessed a large portion of the abbey estate at Evesham. They matriculated from Queen's College, Oxford, on 11 October 1781, but took no degree. Their attention was early turned to botany, through the influence of their uncle, Samuel Rudge (died 1817), a retired barrister, who formed an herbarium, which passed to their nephew. Their uncle's encouragement and the purchase of a fine series of plants from The Guianas, collected by Joseph Martin, led Rudge to study the flora of that country, and to publish between 1805 and 1807 Plantarum Guianæ rariorum icones et descriptiones hactenus ineditæ, fol. London.
Between 1811 and 1834 they conducted a series of excavations in those portions of the Evesham Abbey estate under their control, and communicated the results to the Society of Antiquaries of London, who figured the ruins and relics discovered in their Vetusta Monumenta, accompanied by a memoir from Rudge's son. In 1842 they erected an octagon tower on the battlefield of Evesham, commemorative of Simon de Montfort, earl of Leicester.
Rudge was at an early period elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, to the Linnean Society in 1802, and to the Royal Society in 1805. In 1829 they were appointed High Sheriff of Worcestershire.
They died at the Abbey Manor House, Evesham, on 3 September 1846. They married twice, including to the botanist Anne Rudge (1761–1836). A genus of the family Rubiaceae was named Rudgea in their honour by Richard Anthony Salisbury in 1806 (Trans. of Linn. Soc. viii. 326). Their library of botanical and travel books, some inherited from their uncle Samuel Rudge, was sold by their descendant John Edward Rudge in 1930.
Besides the work above named, Rudge was author of some seven botanical papers in the Royal and Linnean societies' publications, and of several papers in Archæologia. One of these was a 'Description of Seven New Species of Plants from New Holland'.
Their son, Edward John Rudge, M.A. (1792–1861), of Caius College, Cambridge, and barrister-at-law, was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, and author of Some Account of the History and Antiquities of Evesham, 1820, and Illustrated and Historical Account of Buckden Palace, 1839.
Work
References
Bibliography
External links
18th-century British botanists
British pteridologists
1763 births
1846 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
High Sheriffs of Worcestershire
19th-century British botanists
Sidney M. Schreiber (1915–2009) was an associate justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1975 to 1984. Their notable opinions on the court include expanding citizen access to public beaches and increasing consumer protection from drug companies. They also serve in the United States Army from 1943 to 1946.
Early life and military service
Born in New York City, Schreiber grew up in Elizabeth, NJ. They graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Yale University in 1936. They earned their law degree at Yale Law School.
Legal career and military service
Schreiber began their legal career working as a staff attorney for the United States Railroad Retirement Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. They put their personal career on hold in 1943, when they joined the United States Army during World War II. They served until 1946 and reached the position of lieutenant. Perhaps the highlight of their service was heading the War Crimes Review Section of the Judge Advocate's Office for the Third Army. In that position, they drafted documents for war crime trials involving German concentration camp.
After the war, Schreiber entered private practice. They also had the privilege of serving as a delegate to the 1966 New Jersey Constitutional Convention, which rewrote many of New Jersey's legislative articles. They also served as a Commissioner for the Union County Parks Commission.
In recognition of their service to New Jersey and the country, Governor William T. Cahill nominated Schreiber to the Superior Court in Hudson County in October 1972. Schreiber was later promoted to the New Jersey Supreme Court by former Governor Brendan Byrne in 1975. They served on the court for nine years.
When they retired from the bench in 1984, Schreiber joined the law firm Riker, Danzig, Scherer, Hyland & Perretti, in Morristown, New Jersey. While at the firm, Schreiber was an esteemed member of the firm's government affairs department, leading the department to be recognized among of the state's most influential practices.
In 1997 they were awarded with the William J. Brennan Award from the Association of the Federal Bar of New Jersey for their lifetime commitment to the New Jersey legal profession.
Notable decisions
Schreiber was involved in many of the New Jersey Supreme Court's public-focused opinions of the late 1970s. During their tenure, they wrote the majority decisions that expanded the power of living wills, extended citizen access to public beaches, and clarified the responsibilities of drug companies to guard against suspected harmful side effects.
While on the bench, they also served as Chairman of the Supreme Court Committee on Civil Case Management and Procedures and as Chairman of the Committee on Budget and Procedure.
See also
List of justices of the Supreme Court of New Jersey
References
1915 births
2009 deaths
Justices of the Supreme Court of New Jersey
New Jersey lawyers
Yale Law School alumni
Yale University alumni
People from Elizabeth, New Jersey
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Milan's Zoo was a zoo in Milan, Lombardy, northern Italy, created in the Indro Montanelli Public Gardens in 1932 and closed in 1992.
References
Zoos in Italy
Parks in Lombardy
Zoos established in 1932
Zoos disestablished in 1992
Parks in Milan
Former zoos
Articles containing video clips
The 1990 Hackney Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Election results
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Chetan Anand may refer to:
Chetan Anand (badminton) (born 1980), Indian badminton player
Chetan Anand (director) (1921–1997), Bollywood personality
Khaleng (, also Romanized as Khāleng; also known as Khāleng'ī) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Wheeler County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,421. The county seat is Alamo. The county is one of the most impoverished counties in the nation. The American Community Survey's 2009–2013 average reports that the county's per-capita income of $8,948 makes it the second-poorest county in the United States by this metric. The measurement however is misleading as Wheeler County is the site of Wheeler Correctional Facility, a large prison with a capacity of 3,028 prisoners, about 40 percent of the county's total population. Most prisoners have little income. The prison was opened in 1998 and the prison population may also account for the increased population of the county in the early 2000s.
History
Wheeler County is named after Confederate General Joseph Wheeler. The constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed August 14, 1912, and ratified November 5, 1912.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.
The eastern portion of Wheeler County, defined by a line running from north of Alamo to the southern border of the county, due south of Mount Vernon, is located in the Lower Oconee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The bulk of the rest of the county is located in the Little Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin, except for a small southern portion of Wheeler County, east of Lumber City, which is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the larger Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 280
U.S. Route 319
U.S. Route 441
State Route 19
State Route 30
State Route 31
State Route 46
State Route 126
State Route 149
Adjacent counties
Treutlen County (north)
Montgomery County (east)
Jeff Davis County (southeast)
Telfair County (southwest)
Dodge County (west)
Laurens County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 6,179 people, 2,011 households, and 1,395 families living in the county. The population density was 21 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 2,447 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 64.56% White, 33.18% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.10% Asian, 1.25% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. 3.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,011 households 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.10% were married couples living together, 13.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.60% were non-families. 27.80% of households were one person and 14.80% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.08.
The age distribution was 22.40% under the age of 18, 10.20% from 18 to 24, 31.60% from 25 to 44, 23.10% from 45 to 64, and 12.70% 65 or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 128.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 139.80 males.
The median household income was $24,053 and the median family income was $29,696. Males had a median income of $27,203 versus $22,679 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,005. About 21.60% of families and 25.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.20% of those under age 18 and 26.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
At the 2010 census, there were 7,421 people, 2,152 households, and 1,519 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,625 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.3% white, 35.2% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 2.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.4% were English, and 8.1% were American.
Of the 2,152 households, 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 15.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.4% were non-families, and 26.0% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 37.9 years.
The median household income was $35,422 and the median family income was $45,042. Males had a median income of $35,114 versus $25,329 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,043. About 14.3% of families and 24.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.6% of those under age 18 and 36.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 7,471 people, 1,862 households, and 1,159 families residing in the county.
Communities
Alamo (county seat)
Glenwood
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wheeler County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1912 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1912
Domino Day is a world record attempt for the highest number of toppling domino stones, organized from 1998 to 2009 by Endemol Netherlands. Together with Weijers Domino Productions of Robin Paul Weijers, also known as Mr. Domino, parties teamed up to set a new world record. The production was mainly organized at the WTC Expo in Leeuwarden, Netherlands.
Subsequent record attempts
Recurring elements
Builders' Challenge
Starting in 2004, each Domino Day has featured Builders' Challenges, with three challenges in 2004 and 2005, and four challenges starting in 2006. Builders are usually chosen in pairs for each Builder's Challenge. The chosen builders then have to complete vital parts of the setup while the dominoes are already toppling elsewhere, in order to allow another field of dominoes to topple. This usually takes the form of trying to bridge the gap(s) in an unfinished setup before the toppling dominoes reach it.
For the 2005 event, the dominoes which fell during the third builders challenge were not counted for the record as it was determined that the one of the builders restarted the flow of the dominoes after they had stopped due to two being placed too far apart. In the 2006 event the second and third builders challenge were successful in that the challenge was completed, but due to incorrect timing the gates did not lift, thus stopping the flow before it reached the fields.
Slow Stones
Starting in 2006, a series of "Slow Stones" are placed just before the final Builders Challenge. Slow Stones are relatively large, transparent domino stones filled with colored powder, with each Slow Stone containing a different-colored powder. Upon reaching the first Slow Stone, its powder begins to drain (similar to an hourglass) until it becomes light enough to tip over, hitting the next Slow Stone to start its powder draining. The process takes approximately one minute per Slow Stone. The Slow Stones are used as an opportunity to cut to advertising, show highlights from earlier in the show, do interviews, etc. The builders of the last Builders Challenge are also selected during the Slow Stones, and the challenge itself starts after the last Slow Stone has fallen.
Past Domino Day editions
Domino Day 2005
During the preparations of Domino Day 2005 on 14 November, with only four days to go until event, a sparrow flew into the building and landed on several domino bricks, eventually causing 23,000 of them (out of 4 million) to fall. The sparrow was eventually shot by a hired exterminator. Outraged by the shooting, animal rights groups took court actions against the exterminator and the Domino Day production company Endemol. Public prosecutors in The Hague opened an investigation and eventually issued a €200 fine to the exterminator.
Domino Day 2006
A new world record was set on 17 November on Domino Day. 4,079,381 stones were toppled out of the 4,400,000 that were set up. The first three builders' challenges failed so the success of the last challenge was crucial to setting the world record.
The design of the course took about a year and a team of 90 builders took around two months to build it.
The theme, Music in Motion, represents 9 different kinds of music: Rock n' Roll, Classical Music, Pop Star, Schlager, Roaring 20's, Flower Power, World Music, Hip Hop, and Disco Fever.
The Builder's Challenges represent the history of the music players, which are: Record Player, Tape Player, CD Player, and MP3 player.
Each Builder's Challenge has a field with a number of dominoes with the number 4 At the beginning. The record player challenge field contains 400 dominoes, the tape player challenge has a field of 4,000 dominoes, the CD player challenge contains 40,000 dominoes, and the MP3 player challenge contains 400,000 dominoes.
Domino Day 2007
The theme of this year was 'Falling into Life'. A total of 4,500,000 stones were placed by 85 builders from 12 countries. Only 81.6% of the dominoes fell, resulting in a final count of 3,671,465.
The theme,'Falling into Life', represents 9 different topics which are part of our Life: Loving, Having Fun, Dreaming, Communication, Consuming, Letting Go, Growing, Struggling, Traveling.
Domino Day 2007 was held on 16 November and appeared to fail mostly because of the unsuccessful final challenge to create a bridge of dominoes on a revolving hammer/clock structure to link up with over 400,000 stones. However, it was later revealed that even if this area had fallen, the 2006 record would not have been broken. It was the first time that Domino Day failed to set a new record.
Domino Day 2008
On 14 November 2008 the team of Weijers Domino Productions tried to break the world record domino toppling. They set up 4.5 million dominoes in the WTC Expo convention centre in Leeuwarden to try topping the previous record of 2 years ago, which was at 4,079,381 dominoes toppled.
'Celebrating 10 years of Domino Day - Breaking more World Records than ever' is the central theme of Domino Day 2008. Domino Day celebrates its 10th anniversary this year.
Although the second Builder's Challenge failed, the record was broken with 4,345,027 dominoes toppled. Also, 10 additional world records were attempted and successfully broken. These additional world records were:
Longest domino spiral (200 m)
Highest domino climb (12 m)
Smallest domino stone (7 mm)
Largest domino stone (4.8 m)
Longest domino wall (16 m)
Largest domino structure (25,000 stones)
Fastest topple of 30 metres of domino stones (4.21 sec) (the sprinter Churandy Martina ran with the dominoes and achieved the time of 3.81 sec for the same distance)
Largest number of domino stones resting on a single domino (727 stones)
Largest rectangular level domino field (1 million stones)
Most fallen dominoes (4,345,027 stones)
Domino Day 2009
The 2009 event is entitled 'The World in Domino - The Show with the Flow'. It was the 11th edition of the show; it showed different aspects of the world with the display moving from continent to continent. The design used 4.8 million dominoes. 4,345,028 dominoes were needed to be toppled in order to break the standing world record. Even though part of the final section of the piece did not fall, and three builder's challenges failed, the number of dominoes toppled was 4,491,863.
The flows for 2009 are: The American Dream, Latin Extravaganza, The African Life, Colors of Europe, Balancing Yin and Yang, Rough Ice, and Sun, Sand, and Sealife.
The 1st and 2nd Builder's Challenges contained 25,000 dominoes representing earth and air, the 3rd Builder's Challenge contained 50,000 dominoes representing water, and the 4th Builder's Challenge had 500,000 dominoes representing all of Earth's continents.
2010-2020
From 2010, until 2020, the show was officially paused due to financial and organizational problems.
Domino Day 2020
On February 3, 2020, EndemolShine Nederland announced Domino Day 2020 through an Instagram post, on 16 June producer EndemolShine announced that the 2020 edition will be postponed to March 2021. On 9 September 2021, Domino Day was postponed to an indefinite date. As of July 2022, no further date has been announced.
International broadcast
(* Reruns)
Ratings
1998
Netherlands (SBS6): 3,800,000
Germany (RTL Germany): 9,500,000
1999
Netherlands (Net5): 2,700,000
2001
Germany (RTL Germany): 11,960,000
France (TF1): 8,616,000
Netherlands (SBS6): 3,407,500
Hungary (RTL KLUB): 2,472,970
Austria (ORF): 1,238,000
United States (ABC): 9,400,000
Spain (Antena3): 1,826,000
2002
Germany: 12,680,000
France: 7,600,000
Netherlands: 3,369,602
Hungary: 1,367,320
Austria: 926,000
Belgium: (Kanaal2 & 2BE): 836,400
Spain: 1,299,000
2004
Netherlands: 2,366,000
Hungary: 3,148,196
2005
Netherlands: 2,405,000
Hungary: 2,978,611
2006
Germany: 6,960,000
Netherlands: 2,068,000
Belgium: 342,000
Hungary: 2,997,817
2007
Netherlands: 2,658,000
Belgium: 477,240
Germany: 6,000,000
Poland (TVN): 3,000,000
Hungary: 6,454,010
Slovakia: 373,000
2008
Netherlands: 2,742,000
Germany: 7,570,000
Belgium: 850,000
2009
Netherlands: 3,400,000
Belgium: 890,000
Germany: 5,900,000
See also
Domino show
References
External links
Endemol
Weijers Domino Productions
Domino Toppling World Records
Dominoes
Television series by Endemol
Talpa Network
RTL (German TV channel) original programming
1998 Dutch television series debuts
2009 Dutch television series endings
1990s Dutch television series
2000s Dutch television series
1998 German television series debuts
2009 German television series endings
1990s German television series
2000s German television series
German television specials
Recurring events established in 1998
Recurring events disestablished in 2009
1998 establishments in the Netherlands
2009 disestablishments in the Netherlands
Chasseur was a Baltimore Clipper commanded by Captains Pearl Durkee (February 1813), William Wade (1813) and Thomas Boyle (1814-1815). They were one of the best equipped and crewed American privateers during the War of 1812.
Merchant Vessel Career
Thomas Kemp built Chasseur at Fell's Point in Baltimore as a topsail schooner. They built them a merchant vessel for William Hollins, but also owned a share in them Kemp launched them on 12 December 1812.
The British blockade of the Chesapeake Bay during the War of 1812 impeded their merchant career. The Royal Navy had placed Chesapeake Bay under a strict blockade in March 1813, though that declaration became known as a "paper blockade" as some 50 to 60 American privateers were rather freely cruising the coast and the waters of the West Indies.
Them owners decided to enter the popular business of privateering instead. They were granted a letter of marque on 23 February 1813 and started their career of a privateer.
Career as Privateer during the War of 1812
First West Indies Cruise
Chasseur, under Captain William Wade's command, evaded the blockade and cruised the West Indies from July until the Christmas of 1813, harassing the British merchant fleet. Chasseur captured at least six British vessels and burned five of them after divesting them of their valuables. Some sources record the capture of as many as eleven prizes during this cruise.
1814 European cruise
In July 1814, Captain Thomas Boyle took command of Chasseur. They sailed across the Atlantic ocean and harassed British merchant shipping from the coasts of Portugal and Spain to the English and Irish channels.
Most famously, while cruising the English channel, Boyle had proclaimed a blockade on the entire United Kingdom to show the absurdity of "paper blockades". Boyle's proclamation was posted in Lloyd's Coffee House in London:
PROCLAMATION:
Whereas, It has become customary with the admirals of Great Britain, commanding small forces on the coast of the United States, particularly with Sir John Borlase Warren and Sir Alexander Cochrane, to declare all the coast of the said United States in a state of strict and rigorous blockade without possessing the power to justify such a declaration or stationing an adequate force to maintain said blockade;
I do therefore, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested (possessing sufficient force), declare all the ports, harbors, bays, creeks, rivers, inlets, outlets, islands, and seacoast of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in a state of strict and rigorous blockade.
And I do further declare that I consider the force under my command adequate to maintain strictly, rigorously, and effectually the said blockade.
And I do hereby require the respective officers, whether captains, commanders, or commanding officers, under my command, employed or to be employed, on the coasts of England, Ireland, and Scotland, to pay strict attention to the execution of this my proclamation.
And I do hereby caution and forbid the ships and vessels of all and every nation in amity and peace with the United States from entering or attempting to enter, or from coming or attempting to come out of, any of the said ports, harbors, bays, creeks, rivers, inlets, outlets, islands, or seacoast under any pretense whatsoever. And that no person may plead ignorance of this, my proclamation, I have ordered the same to be made public in England.
Given under my hand on board the Chasseur.
THOMAS BOYLE
By command of the commanding officer.
J. J. STANBURY, Secretary.
This affront and five days of actual blockage of St. Vincent sent the shipping community into panic and caused them to send a letter to Admiral Durham, who dispatched the frigate to chase Chasseur. Later the Admiralty called vessels home from the American war to guard merchant ships, which had to sail in convoys.
Chasseur returned from their famous 3-month European cruise to New York on 24 or 29 October 1814. George R. Roberts was a gunner of the schooner.
Second West Indies Cruise and Capture of HMS St Lawrence
In the winter of 1814 and 1815 Chasseur returned to the West Indies. On February 26, 1815, just off Havana, Chasseur met an unidentified ship, which was the English, but American-built, schooner . Chasseur fired a gun and showed their colors while still about three miles away; when the other ship did not show their colours Chasseur started the chase. They carried 14 guns and 102 men, while St Lawrence carried 13 guns and 75 men, including officers, soldiers, and civilians bound to the British squadron off New Orleans. At about 1:26pm, when the schooners were close to each other, St Lawrence revealed their armament and uniformed sailors and opened fire, catching Chasseur off guard. Chasseur was able to close St Lawrence and a number of Americans, led by the prize master N. W. Christie, jumped aboard St Lawrence. The intense action that followed lasted only about 15 minutes during which St Lawrence suffered six men killed and 17 wounded, several of them mortally. (According to American accounts, the English had 15 killed and 25 wounded.) Chasseur had five killed and eight wounded; Boyle was among the wounded. Both vessels were badly damaged. Captain Boyle made a cartel of St Lawrence and sent them and their crew into Havana as their prize.
Impact
During the cruise to the British Isles and the winter of 1814/1815 Chasseur captured eighteen valuable merchant ships, carrying wine, brandy, dry goods, cotton, cocoa, etc. Nine of those ships were sent to the United States. One source estimated total damage to the Royal Navy from Chasseurs 1813-1815 activities at one and a half million dollars. The captured goods from alone were valued at $50,000. However, it is important to notice that the Royal Navy recaptured many of the Chasseur's prizes, making it harder to estimate the actual loss to British commerce.
Prizes
List of some of the prizes that Chasseur captured during the War of 1812:
Adventure, ship, divested off cargo, sent to Charleston, South Carolina, but recaptured there
Alert, brig, divested and burned
American, schooner, divested and burned
Ann Maria, schooner, divested and burned
Britannia, brig, sent to Beaufort
Carlebury, ship, valued at $50,000, ordered in
Christianna of Scotland, sloop
Commerce, brig, sent to Charleston, South Carolina
Eclipse, brig, bound to Liverpool from Buenos Aires, captured and sent it to New York.
Favorite, sloop, divested and burned
Joanna of Malta, divested and burned
Harmony, brig, converted into a cartel
Martha, sloop, converted into a cartel
, brig, converted into a cartel
Melpomene, brig, six guns, sent to Newport
Miranda, schooner, divested and burned
Prudence, brig, converted into a cartel
HMS St. Lawrence, schooner, see above
Career after the War of 1812
On Chasseurs return to Baltimore on 15 April 1815, Niles' Register called the ship the "Pride of Baltimore". They resumed their merchant career in the China trade. In 1816, they were sold to foreign investors and thereafter disappears from records.
"Pride of Baltimore"
Two replica ships were modeled after Chasseur and both were named Pride of Baltimore.
Paintings
Not many paintings of the Chasseur exist. One of them is "Chasseur capturing HMS St Lawrence" by Adam Weingartner of unknown date. The other is a painting of them by Danish-American artist Torsten Kruse that appeared in a book about Fell's Point.
Citations
Further reading
1812 ships
Baltimore Clipper
Individual sailing vessels
Privateer ships of the United States
Schooners of the United States
Ships built in Baltimore
{{Infobox animanga/Print
| type = manga
| title =
| author = Shaa
| publisher = MediaWorks<br/ >ASCII Media Works
| publisher_en = Kadokawa
| demographic = Seinen
| imprint = Dengeki Comics
| magazine = Dengeki Teioh Dengeki G's Festival! Comic
| magazine_en = Comic Walker '
| first = November 2005
| last = January 2012
| volumes = 4
| volume_list = #Volumes
}}
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Shaa, the same illustrator of the Haruka Nogizaka's Secret light novel series. The manga was originally serialized in MediaWorks' Dengeki Teioh magazine, but after the magazine became defunct, it began serialization in Dengeki G's Festival! Comic, renamed . The manga was serialized in the two magazines between the November 2005 and January 2012 issues. A total of four tankōbon volumes were published under the Dengeki Comics imprint. Infinity Studios licensed Menacing Dog's in North America, and Menacing Dog's: Another Secret chapters are digitally serialized in English on Kadokawa's Comic Walker website.
Plot
Keiji Sendai has an image to maintain, as they are the school's most notorious delinquent. However, one day a klutzy and innocent girl called Setsuna Yatsusaki discovers their deepest and darkest secret, they are a hardcore otaku. Realizing their predicament, Setsuna knows they are willing to do anything to keep their secret. So they blackmail them into being their own slave, and tries to train them as their pet dog.
Characters
Keiji is the main protagonist of Menacing Dog's.  They are a notorious delinquent, and is referred to as the "mad dog". Despite being a delinquent, they are also an otaku, though they try their best to maintain their secret. This secret is found out by Setsuna, who then makes them their pet dog. Keiji appears in Haruka Nogizaka's Secret's PlayStation 2 visual novel.
Referred to as "faithful dog Hachiko". Setsuna is a cute and shy girl who is quite the klutz, but despite their innocent nature, they are slightly sadistic, blackmailing Keiji into being their pet dog when they discover their secret. Setsuna makes cameo appearances in the Haruka Nogizaka's Secret anime, and PlayStation 2 visual novel.
Keiji's younger sister who attends kindergarten. Kei likes to tease their older brother.
The sister of Setsuna.
Three underlings of Keiji.
A geek in the same class as Keiji.  They are a supporting character in Haruka Nogizaka's Secret.
Friend of Nobunaga.  They are the main character in the Haruka Nogizaka's Secret series.
The homeroom teacher.  They are a supporting character in Haruka Nogizaka's Secret.
Volumes
Menacing Dog's
Menacing Dog's: Another Secret
Merchandise
A figure of the character Setsuna was sculpted by an artist called Hatsumi, and produced by a company called Clayz. It was released in December 2006. Postcard collections featuring Menacing Dog's'' characters were also released.
References
External links
Menacing Dog's: Another Secret at Comic Walker
2005 manga
ASCII Media Works manga
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Romantic comedy anime and manga
Infinity Studios titles
Seinen manga
Alain Penz (born 30 October 1947 in Sallanches) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and 1972 Winter Olympics. They were the world no. 1 amateur slalom skier. They competed on the French team for the slalom World Cup, tying twice.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup champions
Sportspeople from Haute-Savoie
William Schmidt may refer to:
William Schmidt (composer) (1926–2009), American composer of classical music
William A. Schmidt (1902–1992), Wisconsin state senator
William R. Schmidt (1889–1966), United States Army officer
Bill Schmidt (born 1947), American Olympic javelin thrower
William "Burro" H. Schmidt (1871–1954), builder of the Burro Schmidt Tunnel
Billy Schmidt (1887–1975), Australian rules footballer
Billy Schmidt (baseball) (1861–1928), American baseball player
See also
Wilhelm Schmidt (disambiguation)
William Smith (disambiguation)
Ultima Forever: Quest for the Avatar was a free-to-play, cross-platform, online, action role-playing game developed by Mythic Entertainment and Escalation Studios and published by Electronic Arts. It was formally a part of the Ultima series. Information was previously released by BioWare in mid-2011 and more information was released on July 11, 2011. It was officially announced at the San Diego Comic-Con International on July 12, 2012 and it was fully released for iOS on August 7, 2013. The game was shut down on August 29, 2014.
Gameplay
The game was based upon Ultima IV, but was considered by Mythic to be an "action role-playing game". Ultima Forever included both online play with a group, and a single-player mode. Unlike Ultima IV, there was a Lady British character instead of Lord British. This was due to Richard Garriott retaining the trademark rights after they left Electronic Arts. Mythic emphasized that the Virtues from the Ultima series would play an important part.
Ultima Forever featured a top-down isometric point of view, with "hand-painted backgrounds and 3D characters."
Development
On March 31, 2011, an image was leaked on to the internet, from a presentation being given by Paul
Barnett. The official Twitter account became active on April 4, 2011, and was discovered by the Ultima community at the end of May 2011. The official website was registered on March 17, 2010 and went live on June 2, 2011.
On June 11, 2012, Mythic Entertainment General Manager Eugene Evans revealed at the Develop Conference that a
new free-to-play online was going to be announced on July 12, 2012. Later that day, the official Facebook page became active, and the official website was updated to a new design, with a brief description of the game, and a link for Beta applicants.
Paul Barnett revealed on Twitter that the game would be announced at San Diego Comic-Con International.
Reception
Reception for the game ranged from mixed to negative. Most reviewers criticized the microtransaction system used.
Forbes gave it a 6 out of 10 rating.
Touch Arcade gave it three out of five stars.
Eurogamer gave it a rating of 2 out of 10, calling it 'a game built for idiots, a Cow Clicker with a beard'.
References
External links
Official site
Official Facebook page
Ultima Forever Twitter
Official Press Release at UltimaCodex.com
Role-playing video games
Free-to-play video games
IOS games
IOS-only games
Mythic Entertainment games
Ultima (series)
2013 video games
Inactive massively multiplayer online games
Products and services discontinued in 2014
Video games developed in the United States
Elfriede Steurer (later Reichert, 9 December 1924 – 6 December 2021) was an Austrian sprinter who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Steurer was an twelve-time individual national champion, including nine titles in the 80 metres hurdles. They competed in that event twice at the European Athletics Championships, first in 1950 and again in 1954. Steurer later married and took the name Reichert. They died on 6 December 2021, at the age of 96.
References
1924 births
2021 deaths
Austrian female sprinters
Austrian female hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Austria
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Ayen Ho (Chinese 何璟昕, They Jingxin ) is a Chinese C-pop (Cantopop and Mandopop) singer-songwriter born in Qingyuan, Guangdong province. Ho has released songs and albums in mandarin and Cantonese and they are considered one of the pioneers of mainland-Chinese Cantopop wave. They currently live in Beijing.
Early life
Ayen Ho was born 6 March 1994 in Qingyuan. They moved with their family to Huizhou, Guangdong Province, where they lived during their school years.
In 2012, Ho moved to Beijing and applied to study in the digital media and arts department of the North China Technologic University. During that time, they started learning to play guitar, ukelele and violoncello. A year later, they won a music contest organised by the same institution, which meant the start of their music career.
Career
In 2014, Ho released their first Mandarin EP entitled Phototrophism. They released more original songs and performed in many song contests in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen. After graduating from university two years later, Ho went on with their music career organising a tour around 16 Chinese cities. In 2016, they were nominated to the Abilu Music awards for a song entitled "The right time".
In 2017, Ho composed music for TV commercials for companies such as Chevrolet, Pacific Insurance Company and also took part in a music event organised by Netease Cloud Music. In 2018, they registered themselves in the Quangzhou Normal University in Xiamen, where they studied a master in music composition. At the end of that year, they took part in an exposition of musical instruments in Shanghai where they performed some of their songs.
In 2019, Ho released their first full-length Cantonese album entitled Maybe today.
Discography
Studio albums
Phototrophism (2016)
Maybe today (2019)
Singles
"Shooting star" (2016)
"An afternoon" (2016)
"Cloudy landscape" (2017)
"One play, one dream" (2019)
"Moonlight" (2019)
"Obsessed guy" (2019)
"Kite" (2019)
"Await one thing everyday" (2019)
References
External links
Ayen Ho Weibo profile.
Ayen Ho QQ profile.
C-pop singers
Mandopop musicians
Cantopop singer-songwriters
Mandopop singer-songwriters
1994 births
Living people
21st-century Chinese women singers
The blue-headed crested flycatcher (Trochocercus nitens) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae, native to the African tropical forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
Formerly, some authorities have placed the blue-headed crested flycatcher in the genus Terpsiphone. Alternate names include the blue-headed flycatcher and blue-headed paradise-flycatcher.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
Upper Guinea blue-headed crested flycatcher (T. n. reichenowi) - Sharpe, 1904: Originally described as a separate species. Found from Guinea to Togo
T. n. nitens - Cassin, 1859: Found from Nigeria to southern Sudan, Uganda, Democratic Republic of Congo and northwestern Angola
References
blue-headed crested flycatcher
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
blue-headed crested flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles Edward Coffey (June 28, 1934 – August 24, 2015) was an American football player and coach. A native of Shelbyville, Tennessee, Coffey attended the University of Tennessee to play football for Robert Neyland. While at the University of Tennessee they played guard, lettered from 1953 to 1955 and was selected as the team captain their senior year. Coffey also maintained the highest grade average for four years of any member of the UT squad. Coffey served as the head football coach at Virginia Tech from 1971 to 1973, compiling a record of 12–20–1.
Coaching career
After graduating from the University of Tennessee, Coffey began their coaching career as an assistant football coach at Hialeah High School in Miami, Florida. Then they spent five years at Southeastern Louisiana University. Their next move was to George Washington University in Washington D.C., and then back to their alma mater for two years coaching for Jim McDonald and Doug Dickey. They served as an assistant football coach at Tennessee, tutoring the defensive line from 1963 to 1965. In 1965, Coffey received an offer to join Frank Broyles' staff at the University of Arkansas as defensive coordinator. During that time, Coffey was earning a reputation as a strong leader and an excellent football coach. After five years coaching at Arkansas with Broyles, three schools tried to recruit Coffey for their head coach positions. The first school they visited was Virginia Tech and in 1971 without even visiting the other schools, they became their head football coach. Once they arrived in Blacksburg, Coffey established a potent passing attack, which resulted in Hokies quarterback Don Strock leading the nation in total passing and total offense in 1972. During their time in Blacksburg, they set the program awash in orange, made a whirlwind media tour of the state to promote the Virginia Tech football team and improved the athletic facilities. Most significantly, the new coach broke with Tech tradition and installed a pass-happy offense. Attendance at Virginia Tech football games increased to record breaking numbers. The highlight of the 1972 season came when Tech upset 19th-ranked Oklahoma State in Blacksburg. After completing their three-season tenure from 1971 to 1973, they compiled a 12–20–1 record.
Nationwide Express trucking
Coffey then entered the trucking business in 1975, and founded Nationwide Express trucking company in 1980.
Death
Coffey died at the age of 81, in their house in Shelbyville, Tennessee, on August 24, 2015.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1934 births
2015 deaths
American football guards
Arkansas Razorbacks football coaches
George Washington Colonials football coaches
Southeastern Louisiana Lions football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Virginia Tech Hokies football coaches
High school football coaches in Florida
People from Shelbyville, Tennessee
Carlos Alberto Contreras Caño (born 11 December 1973) is a Colombian former professional road cyclist.
Major results
1991
1st Overall
1994
3rd Overall Vuelta de la Juventud de Colombia
1995
10th Classique des Alpes
1996
6th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 14
1997
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
5th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1999
1st Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 9
2001
8th Overall Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 14
2002
3rd Overall Vuelta a Antioquia
2003
1st Overall Vuelta a Antioquia
1st Stage 1
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
People from Manizales
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Colombian Giro d'Italia stage winners
Kulitan (Spanish: cúlitan), also known as súlat Kapampángan and pamagkulit, is one of the various indigenous suyat writing systems in the Philippines. It was used for writing Kapampangan, a language mainly spoken in Central Luzon, until it was gradually replaced by the Latin alphabet.
Kulitan is an abugida, or an alphasyllabary — a segmental writing system in wherein consonant–vowel sequences are written as a unit and possess an inherent vowel sound that can be altered with use of diacritical marks. There is a proposal to encode the script in Unicode by Anshuman Pandey, from the Department of Linguistics at UC Berkeley. There are also proposals to revive the script by teaching it in Kapampangan-majority public and private schools.
History
While the precise origins of kulitan are uncertain, it ultimately derives from the South Asian Brāhmī script. Pampanga had already developed special shapes for four letters by the early 1600s, different from the ones used elsewhere in the Spanish colony. What is used today, however, is a modernized version of the ancient script that employs consonant stacking, bringing it closer to other Brahmic scripts such as Burmese, Khmer and Tibetan.
Philippine nationalists of Pampangan ethnicity, such as Aurelio Tolentino and Zoilo Hilario, had employed kulitan in their writings in their efforts to expel the Spaniards and repel the invading Americans. There are currently active attempts to revive the use of the script.
Structure
The indigenous characters were recorded as culit by the early 17th and 18th century Spanish lexicographers (Benavente, 1699 and Bergaño, 1732). This served as inspiration for the name "Kulitan" which was recently coined to refer to the modern writing system. The ordinary folks simply called them Súlat Kapampángan to distinguish them from the Latin script.
Kulitan is made up of Indûng Súlat, or the "progenitor" (literally "mother") characters, and the Anak Súlat, or the "offspring" (literally "child") characters. The Indûng Súlat are the base characters with the unaltered inherent vowel sounds. They are the building blocks of Súlat Kapampángan. Indûng súlat gives birth to Anak Súlat or "offspring" characters whenever their inherent vowel sound has been altered by a ligature or a diacritical mark.
The siuálâ or vowels in Kulitan are usually written as garlit or diacritical marks placed above or below an individual Indûng Súlat or "mother" character. Ligatures are also sometimes used to further lengthen these vowel sounds or represent the monophthongized diphthongs AI (E) and AU (O). A glyph with a diacritical mark or ligature attached to it is an Anak Súlat or "offspring" character. A consonant can lose its following vowel if written at the right side of the preceding consonant.
The recital order of the Indûng Súlat characters are A, I, U, E, O, GA, KA, NGA, TA, DA, NA, LA, SA, MA, PA, BA.
Direction of writing
Kulitan is currently the only indigenous script in the Philippines that is written and read vertically from top to bottom and from right to left. In contrast, the Surat Mangyan, Hanunóo and Buhid scripts are written vertically from bottom to top and from left to right but read in any orientation.
Handwritten samples and signatures found in 17th century land deeds at the University of Santo Tomas Archives indicate that Kulitan was rarely written vertically, but the written form may have changed during that particular period because of colonial influence. Historic catalogues of precolonial Filipino scripts point to a right-to-left and top-to-bottom writing direction, as with sister scripts of Tagalog and Tagbanwa.
See also
Suyat
Abugida
Baybayin
Basahan
Tibetan alphabet
Manchu alphabet
Mongolian script
Buhid script
Hanunó'o script
Tagbanwa alphabet
Filipino orthography
Kawi script
References
External links
Siuálâ ding Meángûbié on Kulitan: The Indigenous Kapampangan Script
Nordenx on Súlat Kapampángan: Orthography, Typography, Fonts, and Calligraphy
Font downloads
Kapampangan Fonts
Brahmic scripts
Philippine scripts
Kapampangan language
Waihuanlu (), literally Outer Ring Road, is a station on Line 1 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of that line that opened on 28 December 1996, and is located near the crossing of two major elevated highways. This makes the station often used by travelers to and from the southern outskirts of the city.
References
Railway stations in China opened in 1996
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in Shanghai
Cyber Sunday was the fifth annual and final Taboo Tuesday/Cyber Sunday professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brand divisions. The event took place on October 26, 2008, at the US Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona. The theme of the event was that fans could vote on certain aspects of every match. While it was the fifth event in this interactive PPV's chronology, it was the third titled Cyber Sunday as the first two events were titled Taboo Tuesday. In 2009, Cyber Sunday was replaced by Bragging Rights.
Eight professional wrestling matches and one miscellaneous segment were featured on the event's card. The event received 153,000 pay-per-view buys, less than the previous year's event. It was also the first Cyber Sunday PPV broadcast in high definition.
Production
Background
Cyber Sunday, originally known as Taboo Tuesday, was an annual pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) since 2004. A unique feature of the event was the ability for fans to vote on certain aspects of every match. Because of this, the event was billed as an "interactive pay-per-view." The 2008 event was the third event to be titled Cyber Sunday, but the fifth overall in the Taboo Tuesday/Cyber Sunday chronology. It was held on October 26, 2008, at the US Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona and featured wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands.
Storylines
Unlike other WWE events where the stipulations were determined by WWE's creative staff, stipulations for matches were determined by votes from WWE fans conducted on WWE's website and by text messaging. The event was scheduled to feature eight professional wrestling matches and one miscellaneous segment. Although the stipulations resulted from votes by WWE fans, different wrestlers were involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines, which led to scheduled matches in which WWE fans could vote upon stipulations. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they followed a series of tension-building events. All wrestlers were from either the ECW, Raw, or SmackDown brands – a storyline division in which WWE assigned its employees to a different television program.
The main feud from the Raw brand was over the World Heavyweight Championship. On the October 6, 2008, episode of Raw, general manager Mike Adamle announced that World Heavyweight Champion Chris Jericho would defend their title against Batista in a standard wrestling match, also known as a singles match, in which a guest referee would be voted for by WWE fans; the candidates for the position were Randy Orton, Shawn Michaels, and Stone Cold Steve Austin. Earlier that night, it was also announced that Santino Marella would defend their WWE Intercontinental Championship against a former Intercontinental Champion voted for by the WWE fans; the candidates were Roddy Piper, Goldust, or The Honky Tonk Man.
The main rivalry from the SmackDown brand was over the WWE Championship. It was announced on the October 10, 2008, episode of SmackDown that WWE Champion Triple H would defend their title against either Jeff Hardy or Vladimir Kozlov in a singles match, or in a triple-threat match, a standard match involving both Hardy and Kozlov. Later that night it was also announced that The Big Show would face The Undertaker in a fans choice of match, which included a Knockout match, "I Quit" match, or a Last Man Standing match.
The only rivalry from the ECW brand was over the ECW Championship. It was announced on the October 14, 2008, episode of ECW that ECW Champion Matt Hardy would defend the title against the fans' choice of an opponent, with Mark Henry, Evan Bourne, or Finlay as the options from which to choose.
Event
Before the event aired live on pay-per-view, Shelton Benjamin defended the WWE United States Championship against a superstar of the fans' choice in a match that was streamed exclusively on WWE.com. The candidates to be voted in were R-Truth, Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Festus. R-Truth won the poll by 59% over MVP and Festus, and hence faced Benjamin for the title. The match went back and forth, but ultimately Benjamin performed the Paydirt on R-Truth and pinned them to retain their title.
In the first match, Kane faced Rey Mysterio in a No Holds Barred Match. The fans voted the No Holds Barred match stipulation over a Falls Count Anywhere match and a 2-Out-Of-Three Falls Match. Early on in the match, Mysterio used their quickness and agility against Kane, along with some weapons like a Kendo stick and a STOP sign. Soon, Kane overpowered Mysterio and dominated the later part of the match. Near the end, Mysterio drop-toe held Kane and drove them face-first into the steel ring-steps kept in the corner of the ring. Then they hit Kane with a steel chair multiple times, before delivering a 619 and springboard splash and pinning them to win the match.
In the next match, Matt Hardy defended the ECW Championship against Evan Bourne, who the fans voted as the challenger over Mark Henry and Finlay. Early in the match, Bourne surprised Hardy with their agility, but Hardy eventually got control of the match. Nevertheless, Bourne executes several high-flying moves on Hardy, like a standing moonsault, a hurricanrana countering Hardy's Splash Mountain Bomb, and a diving knee drop from the top rope. In the end, Bourne missed the Air Bourne, and hence capitalizing, Hardy delivered a Twist of Fate to Bourne and pinned them to retain their title.
The third match aired was a tag team match with John Morrison and The Miz taking on Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG). This tag team match was chosen over an intergender tag team match having William Regal and Layla taking on Jamie Noble and Mickie James, and a World Tag Team Championship match between the champions Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase and the team of CM Punk and Kofi Kingston. The match featured numerous tag team moves from both the teams. At one point, Shad threw JTG over the ropes onto Morrison and Miz outside the ring. Back in the ring, Morrison and Miz controlled the latter part of the match. In the end, Miz, who was not the legal man in the ring, kicked Shad's knee behind the referee's back and Morrison delivered the Moonlight Drive to Shad for the pinfall.
In the fourth match, Santino Marella (with Beth Phoenix) faced The Honky Tonk Man for the Intercontinental Championship. The fans voted Honky Tonk Man as Marella's opponent over Roddy Piper and Goldust. Before the match began, Honky Tonk Man danced to their theme music and asked Marella to do the same, but they delivered a cheap shot to Honky Tonk Man to officially start the match. However, the match ended soon when Beth Phoenix tripped Honky Tonk Man as they prepared to hit Marella with their fist, and hence, the match ended in Honky Tonk Man's favor as they won by disqualification. Nevertheless, Marella remained Intercontinental Champion as the title does not change hands by disqualification. After the match, Piper and Goldust made their way down to the ring confronting Marella. In the ring, Goldust executed the Final Cut on Marella, Piper executed a punch combination followed by an eye poke, and Honky Tonk Man delivered the Shake, Rattle and Roll to Marella.
The fifth match was Last Man Standing between The Undertaker and The Big Show. The fans voted for Last Man Standing match stipulation over a Knockout match and an "I Quit" match. In the beginning, Big Show threw Undertaker out of the ring, and after some time, Undertaker hit Big Show with a steel chair. The match continued with Big Show dominating Undertaker and striking them with punches. The match featured many other spots, like Undertaker thrusting Big Show's throat against a ringpost with a steel chair; Undertaker delivering a leg drop to Big Show on the ring apron, and then later countering Big Show's Chokeslam into a DDT; and, then Big Show hitting Undertaker with a TV monitor and even chokeslamming them from the Barricade through an announcer's table. In the end, Big Show executed a chokeslam, followed by a knockout punch to the face and then attacking Undertaker with a steel chair, but Undertaker got to their feet each time before the ten count. Finally, Undertaker locked in Hell's Gate on Big Show causing Show to lose consciousness and allowing Undertaker to win the match.
Throughout the night, a costume contest was held featuring the Divas. The winner was announced in the ring before the WWE Championship match. Mickie James, dressed as Lara Croft, won the contest.
The next match was a WWE Championship match where the fans voted who Triple H's opponent, Jeff Hardy, who won the poll over Vladimir Kozlov. During the start of the match both Hardy and Triple H countered each other's moves, then it was evenly matched. Hardy then executed the Swanton Bomb, then went up to the top rope for a second Swanton Bomb, but was unsuccessful. As Hardy was attempting the move, Triple H got up and countered the move into a Pedigree, pinned Hardy for the win, and retained their WWE title.
In the main event, Chris Jericho defended their World Heavyweight Championship against Batista. The fans voted Stone Cold Steve Austin to be the special guest referee. Upon hearing the voting results, Jericho attempted to walk away from the match and get counted out, but Austin explained that if Jericho got counted out or disqualified, then they would lose the title. So Jericho ran back in and proceeded with the match. It went back and forth between the two until Batista collided with Austin, allowing Jericho to take advantage of Batista. Shawn Michaels came down to the ring and counted Jericho's attempted pinfall, which Batista kicked out at two. Michaels was about to execute a sweet chin music on Jericho, but instead faked Jericho out. John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) came down to the ring and attacked Michaels. Then Randy Orton came out and was appearing to take over as the special referee, but Austin got up and executed a Stunner on Orton. The match ended with Batista pinning Jericho after a Batista Bomb to become the new World Heavyweight Champion. After the match, Austin and Batista celebrated as they drank beer.
Reception
Canadian Online Explorer'''s professional wrestling section rated the entire event an 8 out of 10 stars and said that this PPV lived up to its hype. This rating was higher than the previous Cyber Sunday which was rated a 7.5 out of 10 stars.
Aftermath
It was announced on the 800th episode celebration of Raw that the World Heavyweight Championship would be defended at Survivor Series against John Cena. Later that night, Chris Jericho defeated Batista to win back the title, resulting in a Jericho versus Cena match at Survivor Series. At Survivor Series, Cena defeated Jericho to win the World Heavyweight Championship.
The feud between Triple H, Jeff Hardy and Vladimir Kozlov continued. On the November 7 episode of SmackDown, Kozlov defeated the Undertaker via disqualification to win a title match against Triple H at Survivor Series. Hardy asked Vickie Guerrero for another chance at the title, which they refused. Then on the November 14 episode of SmackDown, Hardy defeated Undertaker in an Extreme Rules Match, which led to Guerrero announcing that if Hardy could beat Triple H the next week, the match at Survivor Series would be a triple threat match between Triple H, Kozlov and Hardy. The next week, Hardy defeated Triple H to gain entry into the match. On the morning of Survivor Series, however, the storyline called for Hardy to be found unconscious in their hotel. The WWE Championship was changed to a standard singles match between Kozlov and Triple H, but during the match, Guerrero announced that, as promised, there would be a triple threat match. The angle allowed the returning Edge to make their previously unannounced return in the match and win the WWE Championship.
The 2008 Cyber Sunday would be the final event in the interactive PPV's chronology. In 2009, the event was discontinued and replaced by Bragging Rights. After Cyber Sunday's discontinuation, the fan interaction aspects of the pay-per-view were incorporated into Raw as WWEActive (originally RawActive) for some Raw'' episodes, which was eventually dropped altogether.
Results
Voting results
Footnotes
– Before the event was broadcast live on pay-per-view, this match was shown live via a webcast on WWE.com, WWE's official website.
– A regulation in WWE is that championships cannot be won by disqualification; even though the champion lost the match, they retain the title.
References
External links
The official website of WWE Cyber Sunday
2008 in Arizona
Events in Phoenix, Arizona
Professional wrestling in Phoenix, Arizona
2008 WWE pay-per-view events
October 2008 events in the United States
Romeu Oliveira Ribeiro (born 13 January 1989) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Club career
Born in Vieira do Minho, Braga District, Ribeiro began their youth career with local S.C. Braga, being acquired by S.L. Benfica in 2004. Like Miguel Vítor, they first played with the main squad due to injuries to teammates, making their debut in the Primeira Liga and European competition in exactly the same matches that Vítor, in August 2007.
However, in January 2008, both players were loaned to second division side C.D. Aves. In August, the loan period was extended until June of the following year.
In July 2009, Ribeiro would be once again loaned, joining C.D. Trofense as it had just been relegated back to the second tier. In the following year, in the same situation, they signed for top-flight club C.S. Marítimo.
Ribeiro moved to Marítimo on a permanent basis in the summer of 2011, after their contract with Benfica expired. However, as manager Pedro Martins – and all their predecessors – preferred foreign players, especially Brazilians, they spent the vast majority of their three-year spell in Madeira with the reserves, in divisions three and two.
After being released on 30 June 2013, Ribeiro spent the vast majority of their career in the second division, the exception to this being the 2014–15 season in the main tier, with F.C. Penafiel (1,153 minutes of action, team relegation).
Personal life
Ribeiro's father was a goalkeeper, whilst their younger brother Yuri also played for Benfica and Portugal at youth level.
Club statistics
References
External links
National team data
1989 births
Living people
People from Vieira do Minho
Sportspeople from Braga District
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
S.L. Benfica footballers
C.D. Aves players
C.D. Trofense players
C.S. Marítimo players
F.C. Penafiel players
Académico de Viseu F.C. players
Casa Pia A.C. players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Osteochilus striatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Laos.
References
Taxa named by Maurice Kottelat
Fish described in 1998
Osteochilus
This is a timeline of the notable events relating to BBC Parliament.
1980s
1985
23 January – Television coverage of proceedings in the House of Lords begins.
1989
21 November – Television coverage of proceedings in the House of Commons begins.
1990s
1990
No events.
1991
United Artists Programming initiates a trial project to provide coverage of Yesterday in the Commons to cable networks across the UK.
1992
13 January – Following on from the success of Yesterday in the Commons, United Artists Cable launches a full time channel providing live and recorded coverage of the British Parliament called The Parliamentary Channel.
1993
No events.
1994
No events.
1995
27 September – The BBC begins regular Digital Audio Broadcasting, from the Crystal Palace transmitting station. Among the channels offered is a relay of events in Parliament.
1996
No events.
1997
No events.
1998
23 September – Following its purchase of The Parliamentary Channel, the BBC launches BBC Parliament on digital satellite and analogue cable with an audio feed of the channel on DAB.
15 November – The public launch of digital terrestrial TV in the UK takes place. BBC Parliament is carried but due to bandwidth issues, the channel is broadcast in sound only.
1999
No events.
2000s
2000
14 November – The audio service broadcast via DAB closes.
2001
No events.
2002
3 June – BBC Parliament broadcasts archived programming for the first time when it reruns the BBC's coverage of the Queen's Coronation as part of the Golden Jubilee Weekend.
7 September – Following the success of its rerun of the BBC's coverage of the Queen's Coronation, BBC Parliament replays coverage of archive BBC general election coverage for the first time. The first to be shown is the coverage of the results of the 1979 general election and the following day the channel shows the results programme of the 1997 general election. These reruns have subsequently been a mainstay of the channel and are usually shown to coincide with anniversaries of their original transmissions.
30 October – A visual feed of BBC Parliament begins broadcasting on digital terrestrial television, having previously only been available as an audio-only service. However capacity limitations mean that the picture is squeezed into just one quarter of the screen with associated text filling the rest of the screen.
2003
No events.
2004
No events.
2005
late January – BBC Parliament rebroadcasts a state funeral for the first time when it shows full archive coverage of the state funeral of Sir Winston Churchill to mark the 40th anniversary of the death of Winston Churchill. BBC parliament shows the coverage again a decade later to mark the 50th anniversary of their death.
5 May – Instead of simulcasting the network coverage of the results of the 2005 United Kingdom general election, BBC Parliament airs BBC Scotland's result night coverage. Two days later, the channel broadcasts a full rerun of the network coverage. This establishes a pattern that BBC Parliament has followed at all subsequent general elections.
5 June – BBC Parliament broadcasts its first theme night of archive programming, to mark the 30th anniversary of the first referendum over Europe by reshowing interviews with the two main party leaders, and broadcasting the two hours of the Referendum results coverage which the BBC retains in its archives.
2006
13 November – BBC Parliament broadcasts in full screen format for the first time on the Freeview service, having previously only been available in quarter screen format. The BBC eventually found the bandwidth to make the channel full-screen after receiving "thousands of angry and perplexed e-mails and letters", not to mention questions asked by MPs in the Houses of Parliament itself.
2007
1 April – BBC Parliament marks an anniversary of Britain going to war for the first time when it shows Falklands Night to mark the 25th anniversary of the outbreak of the Falklands War. Programming included the BBC's original television news bulletins and reports from the period, alongside editions of Newsnight and excerpts of debates from Question Time. Falklands Night is repeated to coincide with the end of the conflict.
2008
August – BBC Parliament is removed from Freeview for the duration of the 2008 Summer Olympics to provide space to provide an additional BBC Red Button option for Freeview users.
2009
April – BBC Parliament's idents are changed. They retain the Big Ben motif which had been the theme of the set of idents which had been used since the channel's launch a decade earlier.
2010s
2010
No events.
2011
In House is broadcast for the first time. A replacement of A-Z of Westminster, the new programme is similar in function to its predecessor and seeks to explain some of the strange procedures that occur in Parliament.
26 February – BBC Parliament broadcasts simulcasts Irish public broadcaster RTÉ's general election results programme of the 2011 Irish general election.
2012
27 July–12 August – BBC Parliament is removed from Freeview for the duration of the 2012 Summer Olympics on Freeview in post-digital switchover areas to enable BBC Three to broadcast 24 hours a day.
2013
14 February – After a four-year hiatus, BBC Parliament resumes broadcasting theme nights of archive programming when it broadcasts an evening of selected archive programmes under the title Harold Wilson Night.
2014
No events.
2015
No events.
2016
5 September – BBC Two begins broadcasting BBC Parliament during its overnight downtime. However is been short-lived and was soon discontinued.
10 October – The channel receives a new look and new idents, its first revamp since 2009. The idents based on clock workings, with colours and images derived from the flags and assemblies of the British home countries and the European Parliament.
2017
12 May – To mark the 80th anniversary of the coronation of King George VI, BBC Parliament shows Pathe's original coverage of the coronation and Pathe's colour film of the coronation processions to and from Westminster Abbey. This is the first time that BBC Parliament has used Pathe's archive to form the bulk of an archive broadcast.
2018
12 July – The BBC announces cut-backs to BBC Parliament. The channel will now close down in the weeks when no UK parliamentary bodies are in session and all programmes made especially for the channel will end.
10 October – The BBC announces it has reversed the planned cuts to the output of BBC Parliament.
2019
3 June – For the first time, BBC Parliament broadcasts a rerun of BBC coverage of an American election when it shows the BBC's coverage of the results of the 2016 United States presidential election. It is timed to coincide with Donald Trump's state visit to Britain.
2020s
2020
15 July – The BBC announces that it will “no longer commission most of the other bespoke programmes we currently make for BBC Parliament, although we will continue to draw on our archive to broadcast our popular historical election coverage.” This is part of plans the BBC set out at the start of the year to modernise BBC News against the backdrop of having to find £80 million of savings.
30 and 31 October – BBC Parliament broadcasts the BBC's coverage of the results of the February 1974 and October 1974. This is likely to be the final time that BBC Parliament shows any archive content due to cutbacks at the channel and across the BBC.
2021
22 February – BBC Parliament adopts a new on-screen look and graphics to be more in style with the current BBC news programmes. There are no changes to the idents used or to the music used between programmes.
26 July-31 August – Instead of broadcasting highlights from the previous Parliamentary term during Parliamentary recesses, BBC Parliament simulcasts the BBC News Channel for the first time during a parliamentary recess. Consequently, the channel is now effectively off-air during Parliamentary recesses.
31 August – From this day, BBC Parliament's programming is restricted to nothing other than live and recorded coverage from Westminster and the devolved chambers. This is being seen as part of a range of cutbacks to the channel, which also sees the end of coverage of party conferences as well as the ending of The Day in Parliament and The Week in Parliament and the cessation of all other programming made for the channel. Also ending are the Sunday broadcasts of national political shows, C-Span and the repeat of Question Time along with archive broadcasts such as general election results programme reruns. Finally, the showing of political highlights during recesses ends and the channel now effectively closes down when none of the UK's Parliamentary bodied are in session as the BBC News Channel is now seen on BBC Parliament during recesses.
2022
12 April – BBC Parliament starts broadcasting in high definition, initially only on the Virgin Media platform.
14-19 September – BBC Parliament broadcasts a continuous live feed of the Queen's lying in state at Westminster Hall allowing people who cannot make the trip to London to pay their respects virtually. Since the Queen's death on the 8th, the channel had carried the BBC News Channel apart from when the various Parliaments and Assemblies were in session to pay tributes to The Queen.
References
Television in the United Kingdom by year
BBC television timelines
Charles Egbert DeLong (August 13, 1832 – October 26, 1876) was an American diplomat who served as the Envoy to Japan during the mid-19th century.
Early life
DeLong was a native of New York. They relocated with their family to California before they turned twenty. About 1851 they are reported to have been running a store at Foster Bar. They learned Chinese to communicate with the Chinese patrons. By 1853, they owned several gold claims on the Yuba River in Nevada County. They were elected Deputy Sheriff and admitted to the bar in 1857. The same year, they were elected to the California State Assembly from Yuba County, and served for two terms.
Diplomat in Japan
In 1869, DeLong travelled to Japan with their wife Elida and two small children. On November 11, 1869, DeLong presented their credentials to Emperor Meiji of Japan as Resident Minister of the United States Consulate in Japan. In the name of the United States, they recognized the legitimacy of Japan's sovereignty over the Ryukyu Islands.
DeLong accompanied the Iwakura Mission on its visit to the United States in 1871. Their wife Elida DeLong chaperoned five Japanese girls who were sent to attend American schools as part of the mission. Also in 1871, they negotiated a trade agreement between Hawaii and Japan.
In 1872, they and Elida returned to Japan, now with three small children. They brought with them three servants, three horses, a carriage, and a sewing machine, but struggled to find acceptable accommodations, ultimately maintaining a house in Yokohama a half-day's travel from DeLong's office in Tokyo. After their return to Japan, DeLong recommended the employment of fellow American Charles LeGendre as a foreign advisor to the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, partly to influence the Japanese government to take a more aggressive stance against China, thus preventing the 1871 treaty between Japan and China from turning into a Sino-Japanese alliance against the western powers
Their position was elevated to that of Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary on June 9, 1872. They continued to serve in that capacity to October 7, 1873, although their career was marked by considerable friction with their superiors in Washington, who often accused them of overstepping their authority.
Later life
After their return to California from Japan in 1874, they resumed the practice of law at Virginia City, Nevada. They died of typhoid fever in 1876.
Notes
References
Bakken, Gordon Morris. Practicing Law in Frontier California University of Nebraska Press (2006)
Hammersmith, Jack. Spoilsmen in a "Flowery Fairyland": The Development of the U.S. Legation in Japan, 1859-1906. Kent State University Press (1989)
Nish, Ian. (1998) The Iwakura Mission to America and Europe: A New Assessment. Richmond, Surrey: Japan Library. ; ; OCLC 40410662
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Wray, Harry. and Conroy, Hillary Japan examined: perspectives on modern Japanese. University of Hawaii Press (1994)
External links
1832 births
1876 deaths
People from New York (state)
American expatriates in Japan
Members of the California State Assembly
Ambassadors of the United States to Japan
Deaths from typhoid fever
19th-century American diplomats
19th-century American politicians
People from Yuba County, California
People from Virginia City, Nevada
Well Respected Kinks is the first UK budget-priced compilation album by the British rock group the Kinks, released in 1966. The album consists of some of the most popular singles and B-sides released by the Kinks from 1964 and 1965. It also includes tracks from the 1965 Kwyet Kinks EP.
The album spent 35 weeks on the UK chart – the longest of any Kinks album – peaking at #5. The studio album Face to Face, released almost two months later, only managed 11 weeks on the chart, peaking at #12. It also reached #2 in Finland.
The album was issued on CD in 2001 as part of the Marble Arch Years boxed set.
Track listing
Side one
Side two
References
External links
official Ray Davies web site
The official Ray Davies Forum - "The Old Grey Board"
The official Ray Davies forum on YouTube
The Kinks compilation albums
1966 greatest hits albums
Pye Records compilation albums
Walking Down Rainhill is ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro's third U.S. solo album. It was released on August 24, 2004 on the Hitchhike Records label. In Japan, the album was released on June 28, 2004 by Sony/Epic.
The album won the 2005 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Instrumental Album of the Year, and the 2005 Hawaii Music Award for Best Ukulele Album.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Jake Shimabukuro except where noted
"Heartbeat"
"Rainbow"
"Walking Down Rainhill"
"Grandma's Groove"
"6 in the Morning"
"Toastman's Wave"
"Blue Roses Falling"
"Hikaru Kaigara" (Masayoshi Yamazaki)
"Wes on Four"
"While My Guitar Gently Weeps" (George Harrison)
"Equator"
"Heartbeat" – reprise
References
External links
Walking Down Rainhill on AllMusic
Walking Down Rainhill on Amazon
Biography of Jake Shimabukuro at Billboard
2004 albums
Jake Shimabukuro albums
Na Hoku Hanohano Award-winning albums
Marjory Heath Wentworth (born June 3, 1958) is an American poet. They were named by Governor Mark Sanford as the sixth South Carolina Poet Laureate in 2003.
Biography
Early life and education
Wentworth was born Marjory Heath on June 3, 1958, in Lynn, Massachusetts, and raised in nearby Swampscott. Them parents were John and Mary (Tully) Heath. As a child, they spent many years in and out of hospitals to correct some congenital organ anomalies. Adding further hardship was the fact that their father, John, a purchasing agent for Parker Brothers, died of leukemia when they were just 14 years old.
They graduated from Mount Holyoke College (where they majored in anthropology, political science, and dance) and went on to receive their M.A. in Writing from New York University (NYU). While at NYU, they studied under Galway Kinnell, Phil Levine, Joseph Brodsky, and Carolyn Forché. After Mount Holyoke, they did some studies at Oxford University.
Career
While still a graduate student at New York University, Wentworth worked in refugee resettlement with the United Nations High Commission on Refugees. They went on after graduating to work as a book publicist with Readers International, a branch of Amnesty International, interviewing with Brodsky for the job.
After moving to South Carolina with their husband in 1989, Wentworth began teaching both children and adults in the area. In 1993, they started teaching as an adjunct instructor at Trident Technical College in North Charleston, South Carolina. For many years they have conducted the "Expressions of Healing" class at Roper Hospital in Charleston. The class focuses on those affected by cancer. They also teach at the Charleston County School of the Arts and the creative writing class at The Art Institute of Charleston.  They are also president of the Lowcountry Initiative for the Literary Arts.
Wentworth and their husband Peter run Wentworth PR which manages public relations for publishers and authors such as Dottie Frank, Mary Alice Monroe, and Gary Smith.
Poet laureateship
Wentworth read the inaugural poem at Mark Sanford's first inauguration as Governor of South Carolina. Shortly thereafter, in 2003, they appointed them as the sixth South Carolina Poet Laureate. Usually given a small honorarium ($1,200) as poet laureate, this honorarium was cut by Sanford in 2003 when Wentworth agreed to serve without the pay. As poet laureate, Wentworth is on the board of directors of The Poetry Society of South Carolina.
Personal life
 They are married to filmmaker Peter Wentworth and they have three sons. They were introduced by their brother, Jack, and were married soon after graduating from college, on June 27, 1981. The Wentworth family moved to Sullivan's Island, South Carolina, and lived there for many years, beginning in 1989. Shortly after relocating, though, Hurricane Hugo hit the area hard and they were unable to live in their house for nearly a year. It was during that time that their third child was born. Later, the family moved to nearby Mount Pleasant in 2004.
Wentworth is a close friend of former South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford.
Awards and honors
Pushcart Prize nominee several times.
South Carolina Poet Laureate, 2003–present
Works
Wentworth's poetry collections include:
Art by Mary Edna Fraser
Other works include:
Illustrated by Leslie Darwin Pratt-Thomas
References
External links
Marjory Wentworth Collection - Furman University Special Collections
1958 births
Poets Laureate of South Carolina
American women poets
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
People from Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
New York University alumni
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Living people
Poets from South Carolina
21st-century American women
Calligra Plan (formerly KPlato) is a project management application that can create Gantt-style charts and is part of Calligra Suite – formerly included with KOffice.
History
Work on Plan was started in 2004 under the name KPlato (K PLAnning TOol). The first release was in April 2004 as part of KOffice 1.5. In 2010 KPlato 2.2 was released with KOffice 2.2. Among its new features was the possibility to use Kexi's new Report Designer that replaces KOffice 1.6's Kugar application. Later that year, the software changed its name from KPlato to Plan and migrated from KOffice to Calligra. On 11 April 2012 Calligra Suite 2.4 along with the first release under the Calligra Plan branding was made available.
After the 2.4 release, optional Java-based file format converters for Microsoft Project and other formats were added.
References
2004 software
Calligra Suite
Free project management software
Sinjai Regency is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. The regency is separated from the Bone Regency to its north by the River Tangka. The regency covers an area of 819.96 km2 and had a population of 228,936 at the 2010 Census and 259,478 at the 2020 Census. It includes the Nine Islands (Kepulauan Sembilan) in the Gulf of Bone off the east coast of the southern peninsula of Sulawesi, a group which forms a district within the regency. The regency's principal town lies at Sinjai, a port situated on the east coast of that peninsula.
Administrati Districts
The regency is divided into nine districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district.
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Rice Is Nice is an independent record label based in Sydney and Melbourne, Australia that takes its name from Welsh post-hardcore band Mclusky's 2000 single "Rice Is Nice". The label aims to promote artists that are unique and whose music will have longevity, rather than being based on popularity.
Rice Is Nice is run by Julia Wilson and Lulu Rae.
History
Rice Is Nice was formed in 2008 by Julia Wilson and Ben Shackleton. Wilson worked as a photographer and publicist in the music industry for the Australian labels Mushroom Records and Popfrenzy and used their knowledge to release SPOD's "Aminals" 7" as the label's first release in mid-2008. Since then, Rice Is Nice has signed and released the works of a number of Australian artists, the musical genres of which vary greatly.
In 2018, Rice Is Nice celebrated its tenth birthday, with a showcase at Melbourne Music Week and performances from SPOD, Sarah Mary Chadwick, Summer Flake, Richard in Your Mind, Straight Arrows and Rebel Yell. Being interviewed by LNWY in the lead up to the anniversary, Wilson said of the Rice Is Nice catalogue, "Everyone on the label is different, and they're all doing what they do really well. That's what I want to encourage and continue to do – to find people who are doing something really, really well".
Julia Wilson has a long-standing friendship with Henry Rollins, who is a vocal supporter of Rice Is Nice. Rollins has featured Rice Is Nice's catalogue of artists on their radio show on KCRW, and in August 2015, invited Wilson to co-host and curate the program with him.
Artists
Angie
Darts
Den
Donny Benét
Frowning Clouds
Good Heavens
The Laurels
Le Villejuif Underground
Lia Mice
Lowtide
Richard in Your Mind
Rebel Yell
Sarah Mary Chadwick
Seekae
Seja
Shady Lane
SPOD
Straight Arrows
Summer Flake
You Beauty
References
Australian record labels
Riding Mountain is an electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It was created by redistribution in 2008.
Communities in the riding include Minnedosa, Rapid City, Rivers, Virden and Birtle. The riding's population in 2006 was 21,245.
List of provincial representatives
Electoral results
References
Manitoba provincial electoral districts
Artem Pavlovich Torgashev (, born January 1, 1969) is a former pair skater who competed internationally for the Soviet Union. With partner Ekaterina Murugova, they are a two-time World Junior medalist. They have a bachelor's degree in Physical Education from the Moscow State Institute of Physical Culture. Torgashev is married to former ice dancer Ilona Melnichenko, with whom they have two children, Andrew and Deanna. They coach at the Panthers Figure Skating Club, Panthers IceDen in Coral Springs, Florida. Their son, Andrew Torgashev, was born May 29, 2001 in Coral Springs, Florida and competes for the United States in single skating.
Results
(with Murugova)
References
Soviet male pair skaters
Living people
Figure skaters from Moscow
1969 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Russian emigrants to the United States
Kalahari language may refer to:
the Bantu Kgalagadi language
one of the Kalahari Khoe languages
Aletra Hampton (October 8, 1915 – November 12, 2007) was an
American jazz pianist and singer, best known for their performances during the 1940s and 1950s as a member of the Hampton family band and The Hampton Sisters, a quartet they formed during World War II with their siblings, Carmalita, Virtue and Dawn. The Middletown, Ohio, native began performing at a young age and moved with their family to Indianapolis, Indiana, in 1938. Hampton and their eight siblings performed in the 1940s and 1950s in Duke Hampton's band, their oldest brother's jazz orchestra. The group became well known as the house band at nightclubs in Indianapolis and Cincinnati, Ohio, and toured the United States playing at venues that included New York City's Carnegie Hall and Harlem's Apollo Theater and the Savoy Ballroom. The family's band dissolved in the 1950s, but Hampton and two of their sisters, Virtue and Carmalita, continued to perform as the Hampton Sisters for several more years. The trio reunited in Indianapolis in 1981 after almost a twenty-year hiatus. Hampton and their sister, Virtue, continued to perform as a duo, mostly in Indianapolis, until 2006.
Hampton and their siblings received Indiana's Governor Arts Award (1991) for their contributions to the state's musical heritage. In addition, Hampton was inducted into the Indianapolis Jazz Foundation's Hall of Fame (1999); received an honorary doctorate of music degree from the University of Indianapolis (2004); and was a recipient of NUVO newspaper's Cultural Vision Lifetime Achievement Award (2006). The Indiana Historical Society released The Hampton Sisters, A Jazz Tribute (2003), a compact disc featuring Aletra and Virtue Hampton. Close members of Hampton's musical family include their brother, "Slide" Hampton, a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master; their sister, Dawn, a well-known New York City cabaret singer and swing dancer; and their nephew, Pharez Whitted, a jazz trumpeter.
Early life and family
Aletra Hampton was born on October 8, 1915, in Middletown, Butler County, Ohio. They were the oldest of Laura (Burford) and Clarke "Deacon" Hampton's twelve children. Clarke Hampton was born in Batavia, Ohio, to William and Elizabeth Hampton in 1877, and studied music and art while attending a military academy in Xenia, Ohio. They married Laura Burford, a native of Richmond, Virginia, in 1908. Both of Hampton's parents played musical instruments. Them father taught themselves to play saxophone and drums; their mother played piano.
Three of Hampton's eleven siblings died young, but their eight surviving siblings included three sisters (Carmalita, Virtue, and Dawn) and five brothers (Clarke Jr. "Duke," Marcus, Russell "Lucky," Maceo, and Locksley "Slide"). Their parents taught each of the Hampton siblings to play at least one musical instrument. Aletra had no formal musical training, but learned to play the pianos and also sang. Under the leadership of their father, the children began performing in the family's band at a young age. The Hamptons moved to Indianapolis, Indiana, in 1938, when Aletra was in their early twenties.
Hampton married and had two children, but the marriage ended in divorce after fourteen years. Hampton's youngest sister, Dawn Hampton, moved to New York City in 1958 and became a cabaret singer and swing dancer. "Slide" Hampton, their youngest brother, is a jazz trombonist, composer, and arranger, as well as a two-time Grammy Award-winner and a recipient of a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Masters Award (2005). Some sources report that Hampton is also a distant cousin of Lionel Hampton.
Career
Hampton began their long career as a musical performer at a young age. During World War II they formed a quartet with their sisters that eventually became known as the Hamptons Sisters. The women also performed with the Duke Hampton band, their oldest brother's jazz orchestra. When the family band dissolved in the 1950s, Aletra, Carmalita, and Virtue Hampton established themselves as a trio and performed as the Hamptons Sisters for several more years. The three women reunited in 1981 after a nearly twenty-year hiatus. Aletra and Virtue Hampton continued to perform as a jazz duo until 2006.
Early years
The family's band was initially named Deacon Hampton's Pickaninny Band, but due to the negative racial connotations, it was renamed Deacon Hampton's Family Band (also known as Deacon Hampton and Their Band, or Deacon Hampton and the Cotton Pickers). The family traveled the Midwest and the East performing at fairs, carnivals, tent shows, and private parties. In addition to dancing and presenting comedy skits, the band performed a variety of musical genres, including country, swing, rhythm and blues, polka, and jazz. In 1938, after the family's unsuccessful trip to California to find work in the Hollywood film industry, the Hamptons relocated to Indianapolis, Indiana, where the family band performed in local clubs and continued to tour.
Jazz performer
During World War II the family band took a temporary break, but Hampton and their sisters (Virtue, Carmalita, and Dawn) formed a short-lived quartet called The Hamptonians and later performed as the Hampton Sisters. When their father retired in 1945 and their oldest brother, Duke, took over as leader of the family band, the sisters joined their fourteen-piece jazz orchestra. In addition to the nine surviving Hampton siblings, the group included several well-known Indiana Avenue musicians, such as Alonzo "Pookie" Johnson and Bill Penick on saxophone, trombonist/bass player Eugene Fowlkes, and drummers Sonny Johnson, Dick Dickerson, and Thomas Whitted. Aletra Hampton was known as the "Warrior" among the group's musicians and had a subtle sense of humor.
In May 1952, after Duke Hampton's band was among the winners of a Pittsburgh Courier popularity poll of its readers, the group performed in concert at New York City's Carnegie Hall on the same bill as the Lionel Hampton band, the Nat King Cole Trio, and singer Billy Eckstein. Duke Hampton's band returned to New York a short time later to perform at Harlem's Apollo Theater and the Savoy Ballroom. The group became the house band at the Cotton Club and the Sunset Terrace, two well-known nightclubs on Indiana Avenue, the entertainment hub of the city's black community, and at other venues in town. Duke Hampton's band also toured the United States and later became the house band at the Cotton Club in Cincinnati, Ohio. When the group was not on tour, the Hampton family home in Indianapolis became a gathering place for local jazz musicians who came to rehearse with the band. As David Baker, a former Indiana University jazz studies professor who knew the family explained, "These siblings dominated the music scene on the Avenue in the 1940s and '50s."
In 1954 Hampton and their three sisters signed a recording contract. Their first 78-rpm recording was "Hey Little Boy," a fast-tempo tune, and "My Heat Tells Me," a love ballad. After Duke Hampton's group disbanded in the 1950s, Aletra and their sisters, Virtue and Carmalita, continued to perform as the Hampton Sisters for several more years. Carmalita Hampton eventually moved to Chicago, Illinois, while Dawn, the youngest Hampton sister, and "Slide," the youngest brother, pursued solo careers as entertainers in New York City. When Carmalita returned to Indianapolis in 1981, the Hampton Sisters trio reunited after a break of nearly twenty years.
Later years
Hampton felt a sense of responsibility for sharing their family's musical heritage with new audiences in their later years, especially with students in local Indianapolis schools. Aletra and Virtue Hampton continued to perform as a duo after Carmalita's death in 1987, mostly in the Indianapolis area for gatherings at schools and at other venues until 2006. In addition, the Indiana Historical Society released The Hampton Sisters, A Jazz Tribute (2003), a compact disc featuring Aletra Hampton on piano and vocals, Virtue Hampton on bass and vocals, Alonzo "Pookie" Johnson on saxophone, and Lawrence Clark III on drums.
Death and legacy
Aletra Hampton died in Indianapolis, Indiana, on November 12, 2007, at the age of ninety-two. Them remains are interred at Crown Hill Cemetery in Indianapolis. The longtime Indianapolis jazz musician is best remembered for their strong vocals and piano performances as a member of the Hampton Sisters and the Hampton family jazz band.
Hampton's musical career spanned more than eighty years. Although they had a reputation for being a tough leader of the Hampton Sisters and held the family band together, drummer Lawrence Clark III also described them as compassionate individual with a strong faith. Hampton credited their father for their strong and disciplined work, and as they often described their musical family, "We are not what you call musicians, we are musical performers, and there is a difference."
Awards and honors
Hampton and other members of their family were recipients of Indiana's Governor Arts Award in 1991 for their contributions to the state's musical heritage.
In 1999 the Indianapolis Jazz Foundation inducted Aletra Hampton and their sister, Virtue Hampton Whitted, into their Hall of Fame.
On November 16, 2003, the Indiana Historical Society hosted a benefit concert to honor Hampton and their sister, Virtue Hampton Whitted.
In 2004 Aletra Hampton and Virtue Hampton Whitted were awarded honorary doctorate of music degrees from the University of Indianapolis.
In 2006 Indianapolis's NUVO newspaper awarded the two Hampton sisters a Cultural Vision Lifetime Achievement Award.
Discography
Vocalist on the Hampton family band's recording of "Lonesome Women Blues." Hampton also sang "The Push," written by their brother, " Lucky" Hampton.
Vocalist, "Please Be Good To Me," with Duke Hampton and Their Orchestra on Rare Blues Girls from King (LP, compilation), 1988, Sing Records
Notes
References
External links
"Hampton Sisters," Emmett I. Brown Jr. Photograph Collection at the Indiana Historical Society, Indianapolis
"Hampton Sisters Oral History, 1992," in the collections of the Indiana Historical Society, Indianapolis
The Unforgettable Hampton Family, PBS documentary, BetterThanFiction Productions
"Watermelon Man" – Aletra and Virtue Hampton, YouTube
1915 births
2007 deaths
American jazz singers
American jazz pianists
African-American jazz musicians
Musicians from Indianapolis
People from Middletown, Ohio
American women pianists
20th-century American pianists
Jazz musicians from Ohio
African-American pianists
20th-century African-American women singers
21st-century American women
Kenneth Hugh de Courcy () was an editor of the British subscription newsletter Intelligence Digest, as well as a confidant of British King Edward VIII. In the 1940s, de Courcy was part of a scheme dreamed up by some conservative members of the British royal court to return the Duke and Duchess of Windsor to Britain and establish a regency.
Life and career
Kenneth de Courcy was born in Galway, Ireland in 1909. They became wealthy as a business person, owning a chain of tobacco shops and other businesses.
In 1934, de Courcy became secretary of the Imperial Policy Group, a grouping of right-wing Conservative MPs, which focused on "the importance of Imperial development" and "close friendship with the United States". Later the group supported appeasement of Nazi Germany as the best means of preserving the British Empire, and in that capacity de Courcy travelled Europe making high level contacts.
In 1934, they founded Courcy's Intelligence Service to provide early warning intelligence to businesses and government. Four years later they began Intelligence Digest (now Courcy's Intelligence Brief, together with The Weekly Review. They were joined in business by a cousin, John de Courcy, 35th Baron Kingsale.
De Courcy was accused in the War Cabinet minutes of 13 April 1942 of being "up to mischief" by "writing poisonous publications about the Russians". In 1952 on the death of George VI they wrote to Winston Churchill suggesting Elizabeth II develop a closer relationship with the abdicated King Edward, now living abroad.
In 1950, de Courcy married Rosemary Catherine Baker, who was also from Ireland. They had four children. The marriage was dissolved in 1973.
Between 1953 and 1964 they were a member of the committee of the Evangelical Alliance which organised Billy Graham's 'crusades' in Great Britain. At several points in their life de Courcy believed the British Security Service (MI5) were intercepting their mail and telephone communications.
In the 1960s, via a company called Sarsden Consolidated Properties, de Courcy planned a garden city development in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe). They were unable to return the funds put up by investors and was jailed for seven years for fraud. De Courcy escaped from custody when they were allowed to visit their lawyer as part of their appeal, although they were recaptured.
De Courcy went on to edit publications such as Banker's Digest and Special Office Brief.
In December 2005, an appeal to De Courcy's 1964 court case was upheld as a miscarriage of justice by the Criminal Cases Review Commission.
References
1909 births
1999 deaths
Print editors
The 2014 Türk Telecom İzmir Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which is part of the 2014 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in İzmir, Turkey between 15 and 21 September 2014.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of September 8, 2014.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Tuna Altuna
Baris Erguden
Cem Ilkel
Efe Yurtaçan
The following player entered into the singles main draw as a protected ranking:
Philipp Petzschner
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Victor Baluda
Mikhail Ledovskikh
Yaraslav Shyla
Tucker Vorster
Champions
Singles
Borna Ćorić def. Malek Jaziri, 6–1, 6–7(7–9), 6–4
Doubles
Ken Skupski / Neal Skupski vs. Malek Jaziri / Alexander Kudryavtsev, 6–1, 6–4
External links
Official Website
Turk Telecom Izmir Cup
Türk Telecom İzmir Cup
Türk Telecom İzmir Cup
Viraat (born Naveen Kumar, 14 November 1989) is an Indian actor, VFX artist, dancer and singer, who predominantly works in both the Kannada and Tamil industries.  They are best known for playing the lead roles as Bhuvan in Subhavivaha, Viraat Yaaji in Niharika, Prithvi in Perazhagi and Varun Krishna in Anbe Vaa They ranked 13th position in 2020 and 10th position in 2019, on The Chennai Times most desirable men on TV.
Career
They started their career in 2006, with their debut in the Kannada film "Black" as a supporting role. Their first movie in a leading role was in "10th Class A Section" (2009). After this, they followed up with some films in both lead and supporting roles. And also worked as playback singer for some kannada movies.  They are a VFX artist who edited motion posters for a few Kannada movies.  They are credited to have been the one who introduced motion posters phenomena in Kannada film industry. In 2014, They acted in and edited "Ashtralle Just Missoo", a zero budget movie, which was received with good reviews. They edited, acted as lead in the movie about a delinquent young man, who falls into wrong path, then recovers from it and leads a good life . In the same year, they made their debut in Kannada Television Industry through a Kannada serial, Shubhavivaha , where they replaced as Bhuvan in Episode 28, a lead role opposite actor Kaavya Shastry. Their next serial was in 2016, Niharika in Star Suvarna with Tejaswini Prakash, a negative lead role named as Viraat Yaaji.
In 2018, they entered the Tamil television industry by playing a lead role, as Prithvi, in the serial Perazhagi opposite Gayathri Raj. at present they are featuring in Anbe Vaa for Sun TV, opposite Actress/classical Dancer Delna Davis, as male lead Varun
Filmography
Films
Other Works
Television
Serials
Shows
Other Works
Awards
References
Indian actors
Indian dancers
Indian singers
1989 births
Living people
Richard Southey may refer to:
Richard Southey (colonial administrator) (1808–1901), British-born South African colonial administrator and landowner
Richard Southey (British Army officer) (1844–1909), their son, South African officer in the British Army and Cape Colonial Forces
Espingueira is an abandoned village near the northern coast of the island of Boa Vista. The village is around 4 km northeast of the village Bofarreira and 13 km east of the island capital of Sal Rei.
See also
List of villages and settlements in Cape Verde
References
Villages and settlements in Boa Vista, Cape Verde
Walnut is an unincorporated community in Walnut Township, Marshall County, Indiana.
History
Walnut was originally called Fredericksburg, and under the latter name was laid out and platted in 1866. When the railroad was built through the settlement in 1868, it was renamed Walnut, after Walnut Township. A post office was established as Walnut in 1869, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1906.
Geography
Walnut is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Harvest Leroy Smith Jr. (February 27, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player, businessperson and former high school teammate of National Basketball Association (NBA) star Michael Jordan.
Early years
Smith was born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, before moving to Wilmington, North Carolina in 1972 with their family.
High school
Smith and Michael Jordan were childhood friends who played together on their ninth-grade basketball squad. In 1978, during their second year at Emsley A. Laney High School, both tried out for the lone sophomore opening on the varsity basketball team. Smith, who was 6'7" (2.01 m), was selected because of their height, while the 5'11" (1.80 m) Jordan was sent to the JV basketball team by coach Clifton "Pop”" Herring. Jordan trained extensively over the next year, grew four inches and was selected for the varsity team as a junior exhibiting extraordinary competitive passion.
In 1991, Jordan acknowledged the impact of the event, "It all started when Coach Herring cut me. What it did was instill some values in me. It was a lesson to me to dig within myself." Jordan would check into hotels under the alias “Leroy Smith” throughout their professional basketball career.
College
Smith attended the University of North Carolina at Charlotte from 1981–1985, earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology. They had a four-year basketball scholarship, playing at small forward and power forward positions for the Charlotte 49ers. In their senior year they captained the team and led the Sun Belt Conference in rebounds.
Professional sports career
Smith went on to play on various professional basketball teams including: the Hemel & Watford Royals of the Premier English Basketball League (1985–86), TuS Bramsche in the German Basketball League (1986–87) the Westchester Golden Apples of the United States Basketball League (summer of 1986), AST Tarrare in France (1987–88) and Kumagai Gumi Bruins of the Japan Basketball League (1988–90). In many instances, they led their team in scoring, rebounding and blocked shots.
Business career
After retiring from basketball, Smith worked for ASICS AMERICA before establishing themselves in media, entertainment and the tech space.
 They are currently the Co-founder and President of a tech start-up and the President of a Hollywood film company. They also served as Vice President of sales and marketing for the TV Distribution group at NBC Universal and was recognized as one of the most influential black men in cable. Smith was also the CEO of entertainment media consulting company HLS Entertainment.
Personal life
Smith is married with three children and resides in Rancho Cucamonga, California.
Smith is on the advisory board for the Scholastic Basketball Academy, a non-profit basketball program dedicated to the educational and athletic development of youth.
References
External links
College statistics
Charlotte 49ers bio
1963 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from North Carolina
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Centers (basketball)
Charlotte 49ers men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Wilmington, North Carolina
The Green–Reading House is a historic late 18th-century Federal style farmhouse in Ewing Township, New Jersey. The Green family was notable for running the Delaware River Ferry, which crossed the river at the foot of Wilburtha Road. The house later came into the Reading family by marriage. It came into the possession of the State of New Jersey in 1911.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, New Jersey
References
National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, New Jersey
Houses in Mercer County, New Jersey
Ewing Township, New Jersey
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
Sir Richard Atkins, 2nd Baronet (1654–1696), of Clapham, Surrey and Tickford, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.
They were an MP for Buckinghamshire in the period 1695 – 28 November 1696 and a baronet.
References
1654 births
1696 deaths
People from Clapham
People from Buckinghamshire
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
English MPs 1695–1698
Pedro Antonio Barroeta y Ángel ( – ) was a Spanish Catholic priest who served as Archbishop of Lima and Archbishop of Granada.
Pedro Antonio Barroeta y Ángel was born on in Ezcaray, Logrono, Spain. They studied theology at Cuenca, and soon became noted for their learning. After filling several high offices at Coria and Malaga they were appointed archbishop of Lima, Peru and consecrated 25 June, 1751. They at once began to promote reforms among the clergy and in the church administration, devoting themselves entirely to that purpose and to charity. Barroeta distributed all their revenues among the needy, and when transferred to the see of Granada, Spain in 1758, they were so poor that their brother had to pay the expenses of the voyage. Pedro Antonio Barroeta y Ángel died on 20 March 1775 in Granada.
Created via preloaddraft
Roman Catholic archbishops of Lima
Archbishops of Granada
1701 births
1775 deaths
Graceland Wedding Chapel is a wedding chapel located in Las Vegas, Nevada that has been the site of many celebrity weddings. It is one of the oldest wedding chapels in Las Vegas and claims to be the first chapel ever to conduct weddings performed by Elvis impersonators.
History and description
Built as a private residence in 1927, it has been operating as a wedding chapel since at least 1939 when owner Ollie McKee began performing ceremonies. By the early 1940s it was called Gretna Green Wedding Chapel, named after the Scottish wedding destination of Gretna Green. Elvis Presley visited the chapel in 1967, while planning their wedding to Priscilla Beaulieu. According to Frommer's, Presley themselves gave the owners of the chapel permission to use the Graceland name, but in fact it was not renamed until after the singer's death, the same year that Elvis-themed weddings began there.
The chapel is a small building, in the New England style, with a white picket fence. It holds 30 people.
In film
Fools Rush In (1997)
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (1998)
The Amazing Race 15 (2009)
The Hangover (2009)
Notable marriages
David Harbour & Lily Allen (2020)
See also
List of wedding chapels in Las Vegas
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Las Vegas
Wedding chapels in the Las Vegas Valley
Landmarks in Nevada
Elvis Presley
Johan Claesz van Loo (c.1585 – 1660), was a Dutch brewer, owning De Drie Leliën (The Three Lilies) in Haarlem, best known today for their portrait painted by Frans Hals.
Biography
They were painted twice by Hals in their capacity as member of the Haarlem schutterij, the first time as captain in the St. Adrian group in 1633, and the second time in 1639 as colonel of the St. Joris group.
According to Pieter Biesboer they married Margrietge Arisdr Akersloot (the sister of Outgert Ariss Akersloot), and they had several children who later also became brewers. Their daughter Risje (1604-1652) married Florens Pietersz van der Hoeff in 1624. Their son-in-law Hoeff served with them in the civic guard and was also painted by Hals in a stance in which they are looking at their father-in-law. Their son Cornelis van Loo (1609-1673) married Dorothea Olycan in 1635. Their son Nicolaas married Aletta Hannemans, the widow of Dorothea's brother Jacob Pietersz Olycan, in 1641. Loo was a member of the Haarlem regency from 1618 until their death, and they were a representative to the Staten-Generaal during the years 1649–1652.
Their portrait in the 1633 schutterstuk formed the inspiration for a self-portrait by William Merritt Chase in 1903.
References
1580s births
1660 deaths
Frans Hals
Businesspeople from Haarlem
Dutch businesspeople
Dutch brewers
1962 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 56th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1962 in water polo
1962 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Peter Daland (April 12, 1921 – October 20, 2014) was a swimming coach from the United States.
They were born in New York City. Their coaching career spanned over 40 years. Daland attended Harvard University before enlisting in the United States Army for World War II. After the war, they graduated from Swarthmore College in 1948 and got their first coaching job at Rose Valley, Pennsylvania, where they won 8 straight Suburban Leagues titles (1947–55). They founded and was first coach of the Suburban Swim Club in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania and served as an assistant to Bob Kiphuth at Yale University before deciding to take Horace Greeley's advice and head west in 1956 as coach at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Athletic Club. In 1958, they returned to Yale with 5 USC Freshmen and won the National AAU Team Title from the New Haven Swim Club.
For 35 years (1957–1992), Daland was the swimming coach for the USC Trojans, where they led the Trojans to 9 NCAA Championships. They also led teams to 14 AAU Men's National titles, and 2 AAU Women's National titles.  They are the only coach to have won all three major national team championships -- 8 NCAA, 14 National AAU Men's, and 2 National AAU Women's (LAAC). Specializing in family dynasties, Daland had the good fortune of championships wins from the brothers Devine, Bottoms, Furniss, Orr, and the House brother and sister act. Their Trojan teams won more than 160 dual meets with more than 100 individual titles. As of 1974, Daland's record boasted 183 individual national champions.
Daland also coached the U.S. women's swim team at the 1964 Olympics, where their swimmers won 15 of the 24 medals awarded in women's swim events. They then coached the US men's team at the 1972 Olympics, where their men swimmers won 26 of 45 medals awarded in men's events. In those Olympics, Mark Spitz of the United States had a spectacular run, lining up for seven events, winning seven Olympic titles and setting seven world records.
Daland was also active in the swimming community via their roles/positions with FISU, the International University Sports Federation, and ASCA, the American Swimming Coaches Association. They were one of the founders of ASCA, and was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1977. The pool of USC's Uytengsu Aquatics Center bears their name.
Daland was married to former German top-class swimmer Ingrid Feuerstack. They had three children, Peter Jr., Bonnie, and Leslie. Leslie now owns Daland Swim School, which was founded by Ingrid, in Thousand Oaks, California. Leslie's daughter, Reyna, is currently a standout high school swimmer and is employed at the Daland Swim School. On October 20, 2014, they died in Thousand Oaks, California at the age of 93 of Alzheimer's disease.
Honors and awards
1962 ASCA Coach of the Year
1964 Olympics Women's Swimming Team Coach for the USA
1972 Olympics Men's Swimming Head Coach for the USA
1977 AAU Swimming Award recipient
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
External links
American swimming coaches
USC Trojans swimming coaches
2014 deaths
1921 births
Sportspeople from New York City
Harvard University alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
Yale Bulldogs swimming coaches
Swarthmore College alumni
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Deaths from dementia in California
Eelco Visser (12 October 1966 – 5 April 2022) was an Antoni van Leeuwenhoek Professor of Computer Science at Delft University of Technology.
Academic career
Visser was born in Rijswijk. They received an MSc and Doctorate in Computer Science from the University of Amsterdam in 1993 and 1997, respectively. Previously they served as a Postdoc at the Oregon Graduate Institute from 1997 to 1998, as assistant professor at Utrecht University from 1998 to 2006, and as associate professor at TU Delft from 2006 to 2013.
Visser published over 100 publications in conferences and journals. Their research included contributions to declarative syntax definition and parsing (SDF/SGLR), high-level definition of program transformations (Stratego/XT), language workbenches (Spoofax), modular language definition, domain-specific languages for web programming (WebDSL/mobl), and declarative models for (distributed) software deployment (Nix). They were the project leader of the NWO (Jacquard) projects TraCE, TFA, MoDSE, and PDS, which have produced several open source software systems used in research and industry. In 2013 they received the prestigious NWO VICI grant for research into verification of language definitions.
Visser was an active member of the programming languages community and served on many program committees of the important conferences in the field including OOPSLA, ECOOP, MODELS, SLE, and GPCE. At one time they were general chair of the ACM International Conference on Generative Programming and Component Engineering (GPCE 2010), and program chair of the International Conference on Model Transformation (ICMT 2011) and of Onward! 2011. They were member of the steering committees of SPLASH, Onward!, ICMT, and Generative Programming: Concepts & Experience (GPCE), and chaired the latter. They were founding member of the IFIP Working Groups 2.11 (Program Generation) and 2.16 (Language Design), and they served as chair of the latter. Eelco Visser had created program-transformation.org web site in 2000 for collecting, organizing and disseminating information about all aspects of Program transformation.
References
External links
Google Scholar profile
program-transformation.org
1966 births
2022 deaths
Dutch computer scientists
Delft University of Technology faculty
University of Amsterdam alumni
Oregon Graduate Institute people
People from Rijswijk
20th-century Dutch scientists
21st-century Dutch scientists
Mauke (Ma'uke also Akatokamanava) is an island of the Cook Islands archipelago, lying in the central-southern Pacific Ocean. Part of the Nga-pu-Toru, it is northeast of Rarotonga.
Geography
Mauke is a raised coral atoll, with a central volcanic plateau surrounded by a jagged fossilised coral makatea which extends up to one mile inland. A narrow layer of swamps lies between the makatea and the plateau. The entire island is surrounded by a fringing reef, pierced by six passages, and sits atop an extinct volcano rising from the ocean floor.
The volcanic soil in the island's center is relatively fertile, so it is called "The Garden of the Islands". The makatea is honeycombed with caves, including the Vaitango Cave, Moti Cave and Motuanga Cave.
History
According to oral tradition, Mauke was discovered by Uke, and the island was named "Ma'uke" - "the land of Uke" - after him. Uke's descents then went on to settle Atiu. Another legend states a son of Ruatapu was murdered on Mauke, and in retaliation they killed many of the islands inhabitants. The island was dominated by Atiu, who frequently raided it. The next European to sight Mauke was John Williams of the London Missionary Society, in 1823. They left behind a Polynesian preacher, Haavi, to introduce Christianity. The third European visitor was Captain Lord Byron of HMS Blonde in 1825, who named it "Parry Island" in honour of Sir William Edward Parry. In the 1840s an Atiuian expedition attempted to raid the island again, but retreated after hearing that the Maukeans had been supplied with muskets by a European trader. In the 1860s Ngamaru Rongotini Ariki, ariki of Atiu, Mauke and Mitiaro, married Makea Takau Ariki, a Rarotongan ariki. As a result, in 1871 Mauke became part of the Kingdom of Rarotonga.
In 1888 Mauke became a British protectorate as part of the Cook Islands Federation. In 1901 it was annexed by New Zealand.
In 1904, animosity between followers of the London Missionary Society and the newly introduced Roman Catholic church led to the formation of the village of Kimiangatau on Mauke's coast.
Demographics
Mauke has a population of 297 in 2016. At the 2016 census one-third of the population was under 19 years of age, and 24% over 60.
The island is subdivided into four traditional districts. Vaimutu and Makatea are not further subdivided and correspond to one tapere each. Ngatiarua and Areora districts are subdivided into 6 and 3 tapere, respectively, totalling 11 tapere for the whole island:
Ngatiarua District (north, subdivided into 6 tapere: Te Tukunga, Mokoero, Puneua, Ikurua, Arakiropu, Araki)
Vaimutu District (east, corresponds to 1 tapere)
Areora District (south, subdivided into 3 tapere: Tukume, Arao, Anua)
Makatea District (west, corresponds to 1 tapere)
Oiretumu, the principal village, is located inland, mainy within the traditional Makatea district. Stretching north from Taunganui Landing, the commonly used western landing is the village of Kimiangatau, mainly within Ikurua tapere of Ngatiarua District.
Economy
Mauke's economy is primarily government-supported, with 61% of the labour force employed in the public sector. Its primary export is maire, a plant which is used to make leis. There is little tourism, with only two budget accommodation providers on the island.
Mauke is connected to the rest of the Cook Islands by Mauke Airport. The island's main harbour was damaged by cyclones in 2005. An upgrade began in 2011, and was completed in 2013.
Previously powered by diesel generators, since 2019 it has been powered by a 229 kW solar-diesel power station.
References
External links
Official website
Islands of the Cook Islands
A naked butler is a popular type of entertainment used at hen parties and for corporate entertainment. It was introduced into the UK in the early 2000s and is now popular across the USA, New Zealand, Australia and Canada.
Attire
Naked butler
The standard attire for a naked butler is only an apron or trunks, cuffs, detachable collar and bow tie. It is seen as a more conservative entertainment option to hiring a male stripper for a Bachelorette party as it can be suitable for a broader range of guests.
Topless waiter
In this case the apron will be replaced with smart black trousers. This option may be more commonly used during corporate entertainment where the attire needs to be smarter and the exposing of a butler's naked bottom is not appropriate.
In popular culture
Naked butlers have become a popular gimmick on television shows in the UK and this is demonstrated by appearances on TV shows including Deal or No Deal, Come Dine with Me and the X Factor. In February 2005, the role and job of a naked butler was discussed in the documentary Going to work Naked on ITV. In 2018, naked butlers were part of an international news feature after being hired by a retirement home as part of the resident's wish program.
References
2000s fads and trends
Erotic parties
Women in society
Pre-wedding
Entertainment
An island platform (also center platform, centre platform) is a station layout arrangement where a single platform is positioned between two tracks within a railway station, tram stop or transitway interchange. Island platforms are popular on twin-track routes due to pragmatic and cost reasons. They are also useful within larger stations where local and express services for the same direction of travel can be provided from opposite sides of the same platform thereby simplifying transfers between the two tracks. An alternative arrangement is to position side platforms on either side of the tracks.
The historical use of island platforms depends greatly upon the location. In the United Kingdom the use of island platforms is relatively common when the railway line is in a cutting or raised on an embankment, as this makes it easier to provide access to the platform without walking across the tracks.
Advantages and tradeoffs
Island platforms are necessary for any station with many through platforms. There are also advantages to building small two-track stations with a single island platform instead of two side platforms. Island platforms allow facilities such as shops, toilets and waiting rooms to be shared between both tracks rather than being duplicated or present only on one side. An island platform makes it easier for disabled travellers to change services between tracks or access facilities. If the tracks are above or below the entrance level, the station needs only one staircase and (if disabled accessibility is necessary) one elevator or ramp to allow access to the platforms. If the tracks are at the same level as the entrance, this instead creates a disadvantage; a side platform arrangement allows one platform to be adjacent to the entrance, whereas an island platform arrangement requires both tracks to be accessed by a bridge or underpass.
If an island platform is not wide enough to cope with passenger numbers, overcrowding can be a problem. Examples of stations where a narrow island platform has caused safety issues include Clapham Common and Angel (rebuilt in 1992) on the London Underground, Union (now rebuilt) on the Toronto subway, and on the Osaka Municipal Subway.
An island platform requires the tracks to diverge around the center platform, and extra width is required along the right-of-way on each approach to the station, especially on high-speed lines. Track centers vary for rail systems throughout the world but are normally 3 to 5 metres. If the island platform is 6 metres wide, the tracks must slew out by the same distance. While this requirement is not a problem on a new line under construction, it makes building a new station on an existing line impossible without altering the tracks. A single island platform also makes it quite difficult to have through tracks (used by trains that do not stop at that station), which are usually between the local tracks (where the island would be).
A common configuration in busy locations on high speed lines is a pair of island platforms, with slower trains diverging from the main line (or using a separate level on the railway's right-of-way) so that the main line tracks remain straight. High-speed trains can therefore pass straight through the station, while slow trains pass around the platforms (such as at Kent House in London). This arrangement also allows the station to serve as a point where slow trains can be passed by faster trains. A variation at some stations is to have the slow and fast pairs of tracks each served by island platforms (as is common on the New York City Subway; the Broad Street Line of Philadelphia; and the Chicago Transit Authority's Red and Purple lines.)
A rarer layout, present at Mets-Willets Point on the IRT Flushing Line, 34th Street – Penn Station on the IRT Seventh Avenue Line and 34th Street – Penn Station on the IND Eighth Avenue Line of the New York City Subway, uses two side platforms for local services with an island in between for express services. The purpose of this atypical design was to reduce unnecessary passenger congestion at a station with a high volume of passengers. Since the IRT Seventh Avenue Line and IND Eighth Avenue Line have adjacent express stations at 42nd Street, passengers can make their transfers from local to express trains there, leaving more space available for passengers utilizing intercity rail at Pennsylvania Station. The Willets Point Boulevard station was renovated to accommodate the high volume of passengers coming to the 1939 World's Fair.
Examples
Many of the stations on the Great Central Railway in England (now almost entirely closed) were constructed in this form. This was because the line was planned to connect to a Channel Tunnel. If this happened, the lines would need to be compatible with continental loading gauge, and this would mean it would be easy to change the line to a larger gauge, by moving the track away from the platform to allow the wider bodied continental rolling stock to pass freely while leaving the platform area untouched.
Island platforms are a very normal sight on Indian railway stations. Almost all railway stations in India consist of island platforms.
Australia
In Sydney, on the Eastern Suburbs Railway and the Epping Chatswood Railway, the twin tunnels are widely spaced and the tracks can remain at a constant track centres while still leaving room for the island platforms. A slight disadvantage is that crossovers have to be rather long. Examples in Melbourne include West Footscray, Middle Footscray, Albion and Tottenham on the Sunbury line, and Watsonia and Heidelberg on the Hurstbridge line.
Canada
In Toronto, 29 subway stations use island platforms (a few in the newer stations on the Bloor–Danforth line, a few on the Yonge–University line and all of the Sheppard line).
In Edmonton, all 18 LRT stations on the Capital Line and Metro Line use island platforms. The Valley Line under construction, utilizes the new low-floor LRT technology, but will only use island platforms on one of the twelve stops along the line.
Singapore
Almost all of the elevated stations in Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system use island platforms. The exceptions are Dover MRT station and Canberra MRT station, which use side platforms as they are built on an existing rail line, also known as an infill station. Gul Circle uses a stacked island platform configuration. The same follows for underground stations, with the exception being Braddell MRT station, and a few stations on the Downtown Line and the Thomson-East coastline.
United States
In southern New Jersey and Philadelphia, PATCO uses island platforms in all of its 13 stations, to facilitate one-person train operation. The NYC Subway's Second Avenue Subway features island platforms at all stations. Many other stations, including 71st Avenue - Forest Hills on the IND/BMT Queens Boulevard Line, Coney Island - Stillew Avenue (IND/BMT Coney Island Line), Burnside Avenue (IRT Jerome Avenue Line), Nevins Street (IRT Eastern Parkway Line) and Church Avenue (IND Church Avenue Line) have the same layout.
Unused sides of island platforms
Sometimes when the track on one side of the platform is unused by passenger trains, that side may be fenced off. Examples include Hurlstone Park, Lewisham, Sydney and Yeronga, Brisbane.
In New York City's subway system, unused sides are located at Bowling Green as well as every express station without express service, such as Pelham Parkway on the IRT Dyre Avenue line. In Jersey City, the Newport PATH station has the same configuration as Bowling Green—one side platform and one island platform.
On the Tokyo Metro, the Ginza Line has a side platform and an island platform at . Likewise, the and stations on the Osaka Metro have similar configurations.
Some stations of the Glasgow Subway have one island platform and one side platform (Hillhead, Buchanan Street, and Ibrox).
In Wellington, New Zealand, unused sides can be found at two stations on the Hutt Valley Line: Waterloo and Petone. Waterloo's island platform was reconfigured to be the downside platform when the station was extensively rebuilt in the late 1980s, with the unused side now facing onto a bus bay. Petone's island platform served the up main line and the suburban loop line until the suburban loop was lifted in the early 1990s. The unused platform now faces onto the station's park-and-ride carpark.
Gallery
See also
Side platform
Split platform
Spanish solution
References
External links
Railway platforms
Prior Norge is a defunct Norwegian white meat and egg processing company organised as an agricultural cooperative. The company merged with Gilde Norsk Kjøtt in 2006 to create Nortura. The Prior brand is still used.
History
The first national union of the egg cooperative was founded on October 25, 1919, when six local egg centres created Norske Eggcentral A/L. At this time, 180,000 Norwegian households, or 30% of all households, had their own chickens. By 1929 eggs compromised 98% of the revenue of Norske Eggcentral, white meat 2%.
The central started with quality sorting and marking of all eggs in 1934 and the brand Sol-egg was introduced. During and after World War II there was rationing of eggs in Norway, but this was suspended in 1949. In the 1950s the egg central started active marketing through advertisements and in 1977 the Sol-egg brand was replaced with the Prior brand on all eggs and white meat.
During the 1990s the Norwegian chicken breed was replaced by a meatier, Scottish breed called Ross. In 1999 the company changed its name to Prior Norge, and two years later organised as a corporation with egg packaging facilities and slaughterhouses owned by three regional companies. These were again merged in 2003. By 2005 the white meat sector had passed the egg sector in revenue. On 1 November 2006 Prior merged with Gilde Norsk Kjøtt to create Nortura. The Prior brand still lives on.
Food and drink companies of Norway
Defunct companies of Norway
Cooperatives in Norway
Agricultural cooperatives
Food and drink companies established in 1919
Companies disestablished in 2006
Norwegian companies established in 1919
2006 disestablishments in Norway
Agriculture companies of Norway
Henry Morton Robinson (September 7, 1898 – January 13, 1961) was an American novelist, best known for A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake written with Joseph Campbell and their 1950 novel The Cardinal, which Time magazine reported was "The year's most popular book, fiction or nonfiction."
Biography
Robinson was born in Boston and graduated from Columbia College in 1923 after serving in the US Navy during the First World War.
They were an instructor in English at Columbia University, and a senior editor at Reader's Digest.
On December 23, 1960, they fell asleep in a hot bath after taking a sedative. Three weeks later, on January 13, 1961, they died in New York of complications from the resulting second- and third-degree burns.
 They are buried in Artists Cemetery in Woodstock, New York. Their son, Anthony Robinson, is also a noted novelist.
Career
Their best-known novel The Cardinal details the life of Stephen Fermoyle, a young American priest who eventually becomes a Prince of the Church. The story is based in part on the life of Francis Cardinal Spellman, Archbishop of New York (1939–1967). The Cardinal was adapted into an Academy Award-nominated film in 1963, directed by Otto Preminger and starring Tom Tryon, however, the plot was rather loosely adapted from Morton's novel.
Robinson also wrote The Perfect Round (1947). An excerpt from that novel was adapted into a screenplay by Richard Carr and put to film by David Carradine in a movie called Americana. The film won The People's Choice Award at the Director's Fortnight at the Cannes Film Festival, in 1981. Audiences liked the film, but it was not well received by critics.
Bibliography
Children of Morningside (1924) poetry
Buck Fever (1929) poetry
Stout Cortez: a Biography of the Spanish Conquest (1931)
Science Versus Crime (1935)
Second Wisdom (1937) poetry
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake, with Joseph Campbell (1944)
The Perfect Round (1947, filmed as Americana in 1983)
The Great Snow (1947)
The Cardinal (1950) about the life of a Roman Catholic priest.
The Enchanted Grindstone and Other Poems (1952) poetry
Water of Life (1960) Impact of whiskey-making on three generations of an Indiana family.
References
External links
Henry Morton Robinson Papers 1915-1965
1898 births
1961 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American male novelists
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Writers from Boston
People from Woodstock, New York
20th-century American male writers
Novelists from Massachusetts
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Edumudi is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Naguluppalapadu mandal of Tenali revenue division.
References
Villages in Prakasam district
Huanan could refer to:
South China (華南)
Huanan County (桦南县), Heilongjiang
Huanan Town (桦南镇), seat of Huanan County
Huanan Bridge (华南大桥), in Guangzhou
Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, in Wuhan, suspected source of COVID-19
Saleev or Saleyev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Saleeva or Saleyeva. Notable people with the surname include:
Evgeny Saleev (born 1989), Russian wrestler
Russian-language surnames
Rhygoplitis is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least four described species in Rhygoplitis, found in the New World.
Species
These four species belong to the genus Rhygoplitis:
Rhygoplitis aciculatus (Ashmead, 1900)
Rhygoplitis choreuti (Viereck, 1912)
Rhygoplitis sanctivincenti (Ashmead, 1900)
Rhygoplitis terminalis (Gahan, 1912)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Nirnayam is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Srisaravanan and produced by music composer V. Selvaganesh. The film features Vikram Anand, Regina Cassandra and Baby Vedhika in the lead roles, with Saranya and Harris Moosa playing other pivotal characters. The film opened to mixed reviews upon release on 18 October 2013.
Cast
Raana Vikram as Mukundan
Regina Cassandra as Jeni
Baby Vedhika as Meera
Saranya as Simran
Harris Moosa
VK Raghunath
Production
The film was initially titled as Thaedel and was announced as a joint production venture of music composer V. Selvaganesh and director Saravanan in June 2012.
Soundtrack
The audio of Nirnayam was held at Satyam Cinemas in Chennai on 14 February 2013 with the soundtrack being released by Vikku Vinayakram and received by director K. S. Ravikumar.
Release
The film opened to mixed reviews from critics. A critic from the Times of India noted "The plot also goes haywire towards the end when Mukund's secret is discovered, and the climax is logically shaky." The New Indian Express noted "It was a knot with potential. But if only it had more consistency in its feel, and was crisper in its narration."
References
External links
2013 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Pal Judy is an album by Judy Nylon and Crucial, released in 1982 by record label On-U Sound.
Reception
Trouser Press called it "a moody, adeptly created and performed record", while AllMusic called it a "dark, moody exercise in postmodern pop".
Track listing
All tracks composed by Judy Nylon; except where indicated
"Information Rain"
"Dateline Miami" (Nylon, Chris Joyce, Sean Oliver)
"Live in a Lift"
"Jailhouse Rock" (Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller)
"Trial By Fire" (Nylon, Patti Palladin)
"Sleepless Nights"
"Others"
"The Dice"
"Room Without a View"
Personnel
Judy Nylon - vocals
Coco Charnel (Pascal Bourdariat), Kendall Ernest - guitar
George Oban, Sean "Hogg" Oliver - bass guitar
Nick Plytas - keyboards; vocals on "Jailhouse Rock"
Chris Joyce, Dan Sheals - drums
Eskimo Fox (Charles Kelly) - percussion on "The Dice"
John Waddington - guitar on "Room Without a View"
Technical
John Walker, Bob Z - engineer
References
External links
1982 albums
Albums produced by Adrian Sherwood
On-U Sound Records albums
Gloucester Crescent is an 1840s Victorian residential crescent in Camden Town in London which from the early 1960s gained a bohemian reputation as “the trendiest street in London” and "Britain's cleverest street" when it became home for many British writers, artists and intellectuals including Jonathan Miller, George Melly, Alan Bennett and Alice Thomas Ellis.
Many of the homes on the crescent are Grade II listed buildings including no. 23, the terraces nos. 3 to 22 and 24 to 29, and nos. 60 and 61.
The London branch of the School of Sound Recording is located in The Rotunda at 42 Gloucester Crescent.
In popular culture
The former home of playwright and author Alan Bennett at 23 Gloucester Crescent is the setting for The Lady in the Van based on their experiences with the eccentric woman known to them as Miss Shepherd who lived on Bennett's driveway in a series of dilapidated vans for more than fifteen years. Fairchild/Shepherd's story was first published in 1989 as an essay in the London Review of Books. In 1990 Bennett published it in book form. In 1999 they adapted it into a stage play at the Queen's Theatre in London which starred Maggie Smith who received a Best Actress nomination at the 2000 Olivier Awards and which was directed by Nicholas Hytner. The stage play includes two characters named Alan Bennett. On 21 February 2009 it was broadcast as a radio play on BBC Radio 4, with Maggie Smith reprising their role and Alan Bennett playing himself. They adapted the story again for the 2015 film The Lady in the Van with Maggie Smith reprising their role again, and Nicholas Hytner directing again.
Principal photography for the film version The Lady in the Van (2015) began at 23 Gloucester Crescent in 2014. The film was shot in and around Bennett's old house in Camden Town, where the real Miss Shepherd spent 15 years on their driveway. According to director Nicholas Hytner, they never considered filming anywhere else.
In 2018 William Miller, son of Sir Jonathan Miller, published Gloucester Crescent: Me, My Dad and Other Grown-Ups based on their memories of growing up on Gloucester Crescent in the 1960s and the famous residents and visitors they encountered.
The biographer Claire Tomalin published their autobiography A Life of My Own (2017) which included much detail of their life on Gloucester Crescent where they have lived since the 1960s.
Notable residents
No 22: the writer and essayist Alice Thomas Ellis lived here from 1960 to 2001 with their husband the publisher Colin Haycraft until their death. Since 2001 the house has belonged to photographer and film director Malcolm Venville.
No. 23: writer Alan Bennett and vagrant Margaret Fairchild lived at the Grade II listed building – Bennett in the house, and Fairchild in a series of dilapidated vans parked on the driveway, as immortalised in Bennett's memoir, stage play and film.
No. 36: from 1843 the artist and etcher Lionel Percy Smythe.
No. 55: the journalist and musician George Melly (1926–2007) from 1964 to 1971. The writer Nina Stibbe wrote a hugely successful memoir, Love, Nina, about working as a nanny for the journalist Mary-Kay Wilmers and their then husband, film-director Stephen Frears who had bought the house from Melly in 1971.
No. 57: since 1963 the home of author Claire Tomalin and their husband journalist Nicholas Tomalin (and later, Claire's second husband Michael Frayn).
No. 63: the polymath Jonathan Miller (1934–2019) and their family from 1961.
No. 68: the artist Walter Sickert and member of the Camden Town Group was living here in 1912.
No. 69: Ursula Vaughan Williams, widow of Ralph Vaughan Williams; theatre director Max Stafford-Clark. The current owner is William Miller, son of Jonathan Miller who lived three doors away at No. 63.
No. 70: Catherine Dickens after their separation from their husband Charles Dickens in 1858.
Other residents included the novelist and screenwriter Deborah Moggach; writer Susannah Clapp; poet and playwright Louis MacNeice and the Labour MP Giles Radice.
References
Streets in the London Borough of Camden
Camden Town
Crescents (architecture)
Geeta Sarabhai Mayor (; 1922 – 11 March 2011) was an Indian musician, well known for their patronage in music. They were among the first women to play the pakhavaj, a traditional barrel-shaped, two-headed drum. They promoted exchanges between Indian and Western music, particularly for bringing Ahmedabad to New York City. During a study stay in New York, they taught Indian music and philosophy to the experimental composer John Cage, in exchange for a course on the theory of Western music. The course included the twelve-tone technique of Arnold Schoenberg. In 1949, Geeta Sarabhai founded the Sangeet Kendra in Ahmedabad, whose mission is to document and promote classical and popular Indian musical traditions. Gita was a part-time faculty of music at National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad.
Life and career
Geeta Sarabhai is the daughter of Gujarati industrialist Ambalal Sarabhai (1890–1967), who played a key role in the struggle for Indian independence. Ambalal Sarabhai supported Mahatma Gandhi as early as 1916, notably by providing them with financial aid, and it was at Ahmedabad where Mahatma Gandhi established their first Ashram.
For eight years, Geeta Sarabhai trained in vocals, percussion and music theory of Hindustani classical music. They learned to play the pakhavaj with masters Govindrao Burhanpurkar, Kumari Chitrangana, Kumari Poorva Naresh and Rasoolan Bai. However, they were concerned about the overwhelming ascendancy exercised by Western music over the traditional music of their country. They decided to better understand the Western musical tradition to understand its influence.
Them sister Gira Sarabhai trained and worked with Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin Fellowship, where they assisted with the design for the spiral-shaped Guggenheim Museum. Gita was a musician with a fine knowledge of India's traditional music which they worked to preserve. Among many of the initiatives the Sarabhais funded, Gita notably introduced the great pakhavaj legend, their master Govindrao Burhanpurkar, to Ahmedabad, contributing decisively to their fame. Sangeet Kendra's collection has recordings of Indian musicians like Kesarbai Kerkar, Rasoolan Bai, Dagar Brothers, Asad Ali Khan amongst others.
Geeta Sarabhai and John Cage
In 1946, Geeta Sarabhai went to New York to study Western music. Through Isamu Noguchi, they met the composer John Cage, then in the midst of personal slump. In Indeterminacy, Cage recounted how they met Gita Sarabhai. Sarabhai was interested in the influence of Western music on traditional Indian music. They were going to study Western music and they had contemplated the Juilliard School.
This exchange influenced Cage's career and, by extension, the history of Western avant-garde music. Cage would go on to write Sonatas and Interludes. Sarabhai and Cage formed a close friendship – Cage wanted to eliminate personal expression in music and Sarabhai had learned from their Indian master that music is not a conscious activity, but is given to someone fit to receive it.
Following this, Cage and their companion, choreographer Merce Cunningham, maintained a strong bond with Geeta Sarabhai. Thus the Cunningham Dance Company was invited to perform in Ahmedabad during its world tour in 1964. Cage and David Tudor were also a part of the program with Merce Cunningham. Tapes are extant that show that Sarabhai was one of the first Indian women to have composed on the Moog synthesizer, under the tutelage of Tudor in 1969.
See also
Sarabhai family
Darpana Academy of Performing Arts
John Cage
Isamu Noguchi
References
Indian women musicians
Gujarati people
Sarabhai family
1922 births
2011 deaths
Artists from Ahmedabad
Pakhavaj players
Mridangam players
Designers at National Institute of Design
National Institute of Design faculty
"The Whisperer" is a song by French DJ and producer David Guetta, featuring the vocals of frequent collaborator, Australian singer Sia, taken from the former's sixth studio album, Listen. It was released, along with the album, on 24 November 2014. The song features Sia on vocals, and is noted as one of the standout tracks from the album, due to the absence of any synths, or electro house production, the other being "I'll Keep Loving You" that features Birdy and Jaymes Young, however that song features minimal synths. The song has charted in France.
Charts
Weekly charts
References
2014 songs
David Guetta songs
Sia (musician) songs
Songs written by David Guetta
Songs written by Giorgio Tuinfort
Songs written by Sia (musician)
Pop ballads
Song recordings produced by David Guetta
The John Edmiston House is a historic house on Main Street in Canehill, Arkansas. Built in 1896, this -story wood-frame structure is the small community's architecturally most elaborate Victorian house. It has asymmetrical massing and a busy and varied roofline, with numerous projections, gables, and porches, all characteristic of the Queen Anne and Eastlake styles. The builder, John Edmiston, was a prominent local business person and banker.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Queen Anne architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1896
Houses in Washington County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Arkansas
Stick-Eastlake architecture in the United States
Victorian architecture in Arkansas
1896 establishments in Arkansas
Dog camp is a form of vacation for owners accompanied by their dogs with dog-centric activities ranging from casual recreational playtime to serious obedience or sport training. In many dog camps dogs can play and socialize throughout the day while supervised by their owners. Some of the activities at a dog camp might include running, fetching balls or frisbees, chasing other dogs, tug of war, socializing amongst playmates, and lessons.
Dog Scout camp
Dog Scouts of America, modelled after Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts, offers several camps in addition to their regular programs throughout the year where dogs earn merit badges for achievements. At camp, owners and their dogs convene in a woodsy camp setting for a week, lodging in RVs, tents or cabins. There are numerous dog activities including swimming, canoeing, dock diving, agility, backpacking, hiking, freestyle dancing, bonfires and talent shows. Some of the activities cater only to the humans. Dogs are awarded their badges or titles in a ceremony at the end of the camp week. There are over 100 badges that dogs and their owners can earn. Clicker training and positive reinforcement are the standard forms of training taught at DSA camps. DSA also offers weekend workshops for those who cannot attend a weeklong camp.
Doggie boot camp
A doggie boot camp is an intensive program of training away from home with the owner being present to handle the dog, rather than the sending a dog off to "board and train" at the trainer's location without the owner. Some dogs which are fearful or nervous do not cope well being handled by a stranger and do better with this method of being handled by the owner with a trainer present. The owner and dog get daily one-on-one training. Dogs may be taught anything from manners and basic obedience to dealing with behavioral problems that need attention from an experienced trainer. Boot camps are not recommended for dogs with serious aggression problems because such a dog needs one-on-one training with an experienced trainer and there is a risk factor to being around other dogs and strangers. Boot camps also typically incorporate social activities for the humans.
References
Dogs in human culture
One-Eyed Jacks is a 1961 American Western film directed by and starring Marlon Brando, their only directorial credit. Brando portrays the lead character Rio, and Karl Malden plays their partner, "Dad" Longworth. The supporting cast features Pina Pellicer, Katy Jurado, Ben Johnson and Slim Pickens.
In 2018, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.
Plot
Kid Rio, their mentor Dad Longworth, and a third man called Doc rob a bank of two saddlebags of gold in Sonora, Mexico in 1880. Mexican rurales (mounted police) catch them celebrating in a cantina and kill Doc. Dad and Rio escape, but Dad leaves Rio to be taken by the rurales. Rio is arrested and spends five hard years in a Sonora prison. They escape and travels to Monterey, California, where Dad has become sheriff. Rio plans to kill Dad and rob the bank in Monterey with their new partners Chico Modesto and Bob Emory.
Plans are sidetracked when Rio falls in love with Dad's beautiful stepdaughter, Louisa. Rio takes advantage of a fiesta (festival) to spend the night with them on the beach. Dad tries to punish Louisa for what happened, but backs down after intervention by their wife, Maria. Instead, they trap Rio, whips them in public, and smashes their gun hand to make sure Rio will never be able to beat them in a gunfight. While recovering from their wounds, Rio struggles with their conflicting desires to love the girl and to get revenge on their stepfather. They decide to forgo vengeance, fetch Louisa, and leave town.
Emory and a partner kill Chico and pull off the bank job without Rio's knowledge. The heist goes wrong and a young girl is killed. Dad accuses Rio of the crime. Dad has one last private talk with Rio, again attempting to absolve themselves for all they have done. Rio replies, "You're a one-eyed jack around here, Dad, but I've seen the other side of your face". Rio tells them they had been imprisoned for the last five years, but Dad calls it a lie.
Louisa visits Rio in jail to tell them they are going to have their baby.  They are then beaten by sadistic deputy Lon Dedrick, who desired and has been denied Louisa's affection. Maria confronts Dad and insists on being told the truth about the relationship between them and Rio, stating they knew something was wrong since the moment Rio arrived. They say they know Dad wants to hang them purely out of guilt. Dad tells them they have no appreciation for everything they have done for them
Louisa attempts to smuggle a Derringer to Rio, but they are discovered by Dedrick, who carries them out of the jail, leaving the gun on a table. While they are out, Rio is able to get hold of the pistol. Pointing the unloaded gun at Dedrick when they return, Rio bluffs their way out of jail in a tense confrontation. Rio takes Dedrick's revolver, beats them unconscious, and locks them in a cell. As Rio is making their escape, they are spotted by Dad, riding into town. Under fire, in the final showdown Rio shoots Dad dead.
Rio and Louisa ride out to the dunes and say a sentimental farewell. Now a hunted man, Rio tells Louisa that they might go to Oregon, but will return for them in the spring.
Cast
Adaptation and development
Rod Serling, creator of The Twilight Zone television series, wrote an adaptation of the 1956 novel The Authentic Death of Hendry Jones by Charles Neider, at the request of producer Frank P. Rosenberg. The book was a fictional treatment of the familiar Billy the Kid story, relocated from New Mexico to the Monterey Peninsula in California. The adaptation was rejected.
Rosenberg next hired Sam Peckinpah, who finished their first script on 11 November 1957. Marlon Brando's Pennebaker Productions had paid $40,000 for the rights to Authentic Death and then signed a contract with Stanley Kubrick to direct for Paramount Pictures. Peckinpah handed in a revised screenplay on 6 May 1959. Brando later fired Peckinpah and hired Calder Willingham to further revise the film's script, but they too are eventually fired. Guy Trosper was brought on as a final replacement. Additionally, Stanley Kubrick—for unknown reasons—stepped down from directing the film just two weeks before starting production. Brando volunteered to direct in theirs stead.
The movie ultimately bore little resemblance to the Neider novel, and what remains have much more resonance with history than fiction. At various times, the two credited screenwriters and the uncredited Peckinpah have claimed (or had claimed for them) a majority of the responsibility for the film. When Karl Malden was asked who really wrote the story, they said: "There is one answer to your question—Marlon Brando, a genius in our time."
Production
The film was Paramount Pictures' last feature released in VistaVision. Cinematographer Charles Lang received an Academy Award nomination in the Best Cinematography, Color category that year. Upon release, it made little money, leading to a string of unsuccessful films for Brando.
Marlon Brando shot a total of five hours of additional footage, some of which was later destroyed. Later, other directors worked on the rest of the film after Brando walked away from the production. They did not direct another film in their later years, but they did continue to act. In a 1975 Rolling Stone interview Brando said of directing, "You work yourself to death. You're the first one up in the morning... I mean, we shot that thing on the run, you know, you make up the dialogue the scene before, improvising, and your brain is going crazy".
Release
The film was released on March 30, 1961 in New York City. The film was selected for screening as part of the Cannes Classics section at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival. The Cannes screening was that of a 4K restoration supervised by Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and The Film Foundation.
Critical reception
One-Eyed Jacks received mixed reviews from critics. On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an 61% approval rating based on 18 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10.
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times, favorably influenced by Brando's efforts, noted: "Directed and played with the kind of vicious style that Mr. Brando has put into so many of their skulking, scabrous roles. Realism is redolent in them, as it is in many details of the film. But, at the same time, it is curiously surrounded by elements of creamed-cliché romance and a kind of pictorial extravagance that you usually see in South Sea island films."
Variety, on the other hand, wrote: "It is an oddity of this film that both its strength and its weakness lie in the area of characterization. Brando's concept calls, above all, for depth of character, for human figures endowed with overlapping good and bad sides to their nature." Dave Kehr of The Chicago Reader wrote: "There is a strong Freudian pull to the situation (the partner's name is “Dad”) that is more ritualized than dramatized: the most memorable scenes have a fierce masochistic intensity, as if Brando were taking the opportunity to punish themselves for some unknown crime."
In popular culture
One-Eyed Jacks is the name of a brothel in the TV series Twin Peaks created by David Lynch and Mark Frost. The film is mentioned in dialogue between characters Donna Hayward and Audrey Horne. Horne asks Hayward if they have heard of "One-Eyed Jacks" and Hayward responds, "Isn't that that Western with Marlon Brando?".
Home media and restoration
The film fell into the public domain and for years was only available via numerous low quality, budget reissues on VHS and DVD. In 2016, work was completed on a "New 4K digital restoration, undertaken by Universal Pictures in partnership with The Film Foundation and in consultation with filmmakers Martin Scorsese and Steven Spielberg". This restoration was issued on Blu-ray and DVD in November 2016 by the Criterion Collection in the US, and in June 2017 by Arrow Video in the UK.
A short loop from the film plays on a cinema screen during a story mission in Cyberpunk 2077.
See also
List of American films of 1961
References
External links
One-Eyed Jacks: Zen Nihilism an essay by Howard Hampton at the Criterion Collection
A Million Feet Of Film: The Making Of One-Eyed Jacks, a book on the film's production
1961 films
1960s English-language films
1961 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films about bank robbery
Films based on American novels
Films based on Western (genre) novels
Films directed by Marlon Brando
Films scored by Hugo Friedhofer
Films set in 1880
Films set in 1885
Films set in Mexico
Films set on beaches
United States National Film Registry films
Revisionist Western (genre) films
1961 directorial debut films
1960s American films
The AMT Lightning pistol is a semi-automatic pistol chambered for .22 Long Rifle which was manufactured by Arcadia Machine & Tool (AMT) of Covina, California during the 1980s and early 1990s.
The pistol was an unlicensed, stainless steel clone of the Ruger Mark II pistol, that was updated from the Ruger, by the addition of target sights, target trigger, and Pachmayr target grips as standard items. The Lightning had the receiver grooved for scope mounting and the trigger guard was designed to allow a two hand hold. At the time of the Lightning pistol's introduction, stainless steel Ruger Mk series pistols were rare. The Lightning pistol, along with the AMT Lightning 25/22 rifle, prompted a successful trademark infringement lawsuit by Ruger that forced AMT to discontinue the model line.
References
Semi-automatic pistols of the United States
.22 LR pistols
Tian Ran (; ; born 8 January 1994) is a China former tennis player.
Tian has a career-high singles ranking of world No. 297, achieved on 24 October 2016. They also have the highest WTA doubles ranking of 212, achieved on 10 June 2013.
Tian made their WTA Tour main-draw debut at the 2011 Guangzhou International Women's Open partnering Liang Chen. In the first round, they defeated Alona Bondarenko and Mariya Koryttseva 4–6, 6–3, [12–10] before losing to the second seeds Alberta Brianti and Petra Martić in the quarterfinals.
ITF finals
Singles (3–2)
Doubles (7–9)
External links
1994 births
Living people
Chinese female tennis players
Tennis players from Henan
People from Zhengzhou
Frank Gehry is a Pritzker Prize-winning architect. Their buildings, including their private residence, have become tourist attractions. Their style is sometimes described as Deconstructivist or postmodern, although they have rejected the second term.
Completed
Works in progress
Under construction
Guggenheim Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (expected completion 2025)
Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania underground expansion (announced in October 2006, construction began in 2010)
The Burbank Studios, Burbank, California
8150 Sunset Boulevard, Los Angeles
Proposed
World's Jewish Museum, Tel Aviv, Israel
Torre La Sagrera in Barcelona, Spain
Ocean Avenue Project, Santa Monica, California
Mirvish Towers & Princess of Wales Theatre, Toronto, Ontario, Canada (proposed – no start date yet)
Jazz Bakery, Culver City, California
Luxury hotel, apartments and offices, Sønderborg, Denmark
Cultural Center, Łódź, Poland (design not yet accepted)
Dudamel Hall, Barquisimeto, Venezuela
Battersea Power Station redevelopment Phase 3 (the "High Street" phase), London, England (as joint architect along with Foster + Partners)
Colburn School Campus Extension and Concert Hall, Los Angeles, California
On hold
Frank Gehry Visitor Center at Hall Winery Napa Valley, Saint Helena, California (on hold)
The Point (Five-Star Hotel & Event Center), Lehi, Utah (project on hold)
Suna Kıraç Cultural Center, Istanbul, Turkey (construction yet to begin)
The Carrie Hamilton Theatre, Pasadena Playhouse, Pasadena, California
Gary Player's Saadiyat Beach Golf Course Clubhouse, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Unbuilt
Le Clos Jordanne Winery, Lincoln, Ontario, Canada
Museum of Tolerance, Jerusalem, Israel (Gehry stepped down from the project in March 2010)
Atlantic Yards, New York City (left project in June 2009)
Corcoran Gallery expansion, Washington, D.C. (project was abandoned in 2005)
Guggenheim Museum expansion campus in downtown New York City (project was abandoned in December 2002)
World Trade Center site Performing Arts Complex, New York City (announced October 2004, left project in 2014)
Other works
Gehry created a series of furniture called Easy Edges. The series was in production from 1969 to 1973.
References
External links
Gehry Partners, LLP, Gehry's architecture firm
Gehry, Frank
Kyle Godwin (born 30 July 1992) is a Zimbabwean born Australian rugby union footballer. Their regular playing position is centre. They currently represent Western Force in Super Rugby AU.
Godwin was part of the Australia under 20 team that competed in the 2012 IRB Junior World Championship in South Africa.
Godwin made their Wallaby debut (Wallaby #903) in 2016 against the French.
Super Rugby
In 2012, Godwin made their Super Rugby debut for the Western Force against the Queensland Reds in Perth.
They went on to play 52 games for the Western Force before moving to the Brumbies. During their time at the Force, they won Rookie of the Year, Members Most Valuable Player and the Nathan Sharpe Medal. They moved to Canberra in 2016 to play for the Brumbies where they played 24 games over two seasons.
Pro 14 Rugby
On 20 March 2018, it was announced that Godwin was to play in the Pro 14 having signed for Connacht Rugby for the 2018/19 season. The contract being of two-year duration initially.
On successful completion of their two-year contract with Connacht, the popular Aussie returned to Australia by signing again for Western Force in Perth.
Playing statistics
Super Rugby
References
External links
Western Force profile
Brumbies Profile
IRB profile
1992 births
Australia international rugby union players
Australian rugby union players
Zimbabwean rugby union players
Zimbabwean people of British descent
Western Force players
ACT Brumbies players
Rugby union fly-halves
White Zimbabwean sportspeople
Zimbabwean emigrants to Australia
People educated at Aquinas College, Perth
Sportsmen from Western Australia
Connacht Rugby players
Living people
Sportspeople from Harare
New South Wales Country Eagles players
Perth Spirit players
Sportspeople from Perth, Western Australia
Rugby union centres
YANGAROO.(TSXV: YOO),Yangaroo is a media content technology company that offers a platform used by the advertising & music industry, award shows and broadcasters for the management & distribution of advertising and entertainment content. Wikipedia.
DMDS: Digital Media Distribution System
Digital Media Distribution System (DMDS) is a patented technology platform of YANGAROO Inc.
YANGAROO, powered by DMDS, is a secure distribution tool for audio and video media via the internet and is used by industry professionals. Systems like DMDS make it possible for broadcasters, TV advertisers, and post-production companies to move away from physical media like DigiBeta tapes to digital file based workflows.
The DMDS service supports:
Broadcast quality music video and television advertising distribution
Award show content distribution and voting
Music distribution to radio, TV, and industry professionals.
YANGAROO Music provides programmers, broadcasters, journalists and other industry professionals with the ability to preview and download pre-release media from music professionals including major record labels and independents. Organizations like MTV have selected DMDS to manage their digital video submission process and to review materials for broadcast.
YANGAROO Advertising is used by post-production facilities and advertising agencies to expedite the delivery of advertising content to broadcasters, utilizing file based workflows.
YANGAROO Awards is used by associations for submission and adjudication of Award Show entries. Groups like NARAS (The Grammy Awards
) and CARAS (The Juno Awards) utilize the system to manage their Awards shows.
YANGAROO Shares
In January 2020, YANGAROO Inc. reported that the TSX Venture Exchange has approved the company's proposal for a regular course issuer offer for up to 3,000,000 of its common stock, which constitutes 5% or less of the company's issued and outstanding securities.
Key Partnerships
In December 2014, YANGAROO announced a partnership with IMD Fastrax, the music distribution arm of delivery company IMD. The partnership enabled North American record labels and recording artists to deliver their music videos to the UK & Ireland via the IMD Fastrax platform.
YANGAROO has a partnership as well with Universal Music Canada.
References
Digital media organizations
Software companies of Canada
Technology companies established in 1999
1999 establishments in Canada
William Odling, FRS (5 September 1829 in Southwark, London – 17 February 1921 in Oxford) was an English chemist who contributed to the development of the periodic table.
In the 1860s Odling, like many chemists, was working towards classifying the elements, an effort that would eventually lead to the periodic table of elements. They were intrigued by atomic weights and the periodic occurrence of chemical properties. William Odling and Lothar Meyer drew up tables similar, but with improvements on, Dmitri Mendeleev's original table. Odling drew up a table of elements using repeating units of seven elements, which bears a striking resemblance to Mendeleev's first table. The groups are horizontal, the elements are in order of increasing atomic weight and there are vacant slots for undiscovered ones. In addition, Odling overcame the tellurium-iodine problem and they even managed to get thallium, lead, mercury and platinum in the right groups - something that Mendeleev failed to do at their first attempt.
Odling failed to achieve recognition, however, since it is suspected that he, as Secretary of the Chemical Society of London, was instrumental in discrediting John Alexander Reina Newlands' efforts at getting their own periodic table published. One such unrecognised aspect was for the suggestion he, Odling, made in a lecture they gave at the Royal Institution in 1855 entitled The Constitution of Hydrocarbons in which they proposed a methane type for carbon (Proceedings of the Royal Institution, 1855, vol 2, p. 63-66). August Kekulé made a similar suggestion in 1857, then in a subsequent paper later that same year proposed that carbon is a tetravalent element.
Career
Odling became a Chemistry Lecturer at St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical School and a Demonstrator at Guy's Hospital Medical School in 1850. Leaving St Bartholomew's in 1868 they became a Fullerian Professor of Chemistry at the Royal Institution where in 1868 and 1870 they were invited to deliver the Royal Institution Christmas Lecture on The Chemical Changes of Carbon and Burning and Unburning respectively.
In 1872 they left the Royal Institution and became Waynflete Professor of Chemistry and a fellow of Worcester College, Oxford, where they stayed still their retirement in 1912.
Odling also served as a fellow (1848–1856), Honorary Secretary (1856–1869), Vice-President (1869–1872) and President (1873–1875) of the Chemical Society of London as well as a Censor (1878–1880 and 1882–1891), Vice-President (1878–1880 and 1888–1891) and President (1883–1888) of the Institute of Chemistry.
In 1859 they were made a fellow of the Royal Society of London and in 1875 they were granted an honorary PhD by Leiden University, the Netherlands.
See also
History of the periodic table
References
Fullerian Professorships
1829 births
1921 deaths
People from Southwark
19th-century British chemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Academics of the Medical College of St Bartholomew's Hospital
Fellows of Worcester College, Oxford
Waynflete Professors of Chemistry
People involved with the periodic table
20th-century British chemists
Thomas Willement (18 July 1786 – 10 March 1871) was an English stained glass artist, called "the father of Victorian stained glass", active from 1811 to 1865.
Biography
Willement was born at St Marylebone, London. Like many early 19th century provincial stained glass artists, they began as a plumber and glazier, the two jobs, now separate trades, being at that time linked because both required the skills of working with lead. In 1811, Willement produced a window with a heraldic shield. It was from this beginning that they went on to become one of the most successful of England's early 19th century stained glass artists.
Influences
The great period of stained glass manufacturing had been the period from about 1100 until about 1500. After that time, with the Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII and the destruction of the Church's artworks by Puritans in the Parliamentary period, there was little stained glass manufacture. Those few windows which were produced between 1500 and 1800 were generally of painted glass, in which process the colours were applied by brush to the surface of the glass and fired to anneal them, rather than the artist working with numerous sections of coloured glass and piecing them together.
It has been claimed of Willement that through their observations of old windows, they reinvented the ancient method of leading coloured pieces and integrating the visually black lines created between the colours by the lead cames into the design of the window. From observing 14th-century windows such as the west window of York Minster, Willement developed the artistic method of arranging figures one to each single light, surmounted by a decorative canopy.
They were further encouraged after 1839 in the archaeological direction that their work took by the Cambridge Camden Society, who promoted all things Medievalising in the structure of new churches and the restoration of old ones. Willement was encouraged by the society and also received the patronage of Augustus Pugin, the most famous ecclesiastical architect and designer of churches. However, Willement suffered a falling-out with Pugin who accused them of being mercenary. (Pugin also had previously fallen out with their first stained glass artist, Willement's pupil, William Warrington.) It is also possible that the style of Willement's figures was not sufficiently archaeologically correct to satisfy Pugin, who was themselves a meticulous and elegant draftsman.
Success
The break with Pugin did not set back Willement's success. They had been the armorial painter to George IV (reigned 1820–1830) and became, by Royal Patent, "Artist in Stained Glass" to Queen Victoria, making much armorial glass for St George's Chapel, Windsor, and restoring the ancient windows there. In 1851 they were one of the 25 stained glass artists who exhibited at the Crystal Palace Exhibition.
In 1846–47, Willement made eight stained-glass windows with heraldic designs for St Michael and All Angels Church, Badminton, Gloucestershire. They all feature blue borders and badges in the yellow of the Duke of Beaufort's livery.
Davington Priory
By 1845 Willement, aged 59, had become wealthy and looked around for a home with a suitable resonance in which to spend their later years. They purchased Davington Priory near Faversham in Kent, a nunnery established in the 12th century and complete with its own church (the buildings had been spared in the Dissolution because by 1527 there were only three elderly nuns remaining). Willement restored and extended the buildings to make a comfortable home, and installed their own heraldic glass with the motto "Thynke and Thanke". Since they owned the church as well, they refurbished it with stained glass and had Taylors of Loughborough install five bells, each cast with the same motto, in the bell tower.
Thomas Willement married Katharine Griffith, who died in 1856. They died in 1871, aged 85, and was buried alongside their wife in a vault in the church they had restored.
Davington Priory has since 1983 been the home of the musician Bob Geldof.
Works
Regal Heraldry: the Armorial Insignia of the Kings and Queens of England, from Coeval Authorities. London, 1821.
Heraldic Notices of Canterbury Cathedral; with Genealogical and Topographical Notes. To Which is Added a Chronological List of the Archbishops of Canterbury, with the Blazon of their Respective Arms. London, 1827.
Fac Simile of a Contemporary Roll, with the Names and the Arms of the Sovereign, and of the Spiritual and Temporal Peers who sat in the Parliament held at Westminster AD 1515. London, 1829.
Banners Standards and Badges, From a Tudor Manuscript in the College of Arms With an Introduction by Howard De Walden. The De Walden Library, 1904 – contains Willement's tracings from 1831.
A Roll of Arms of the Reign of Richard the Second. London, 1834.
A Concise Account of the Principal Works in Stained Glass that have been Executed by Thomas Willement. London, 1840.
An Account of the Restorations of the Collegiate Chapel of St George, Windsor. With some Particulars of the Heraldic Ornaments of that Edifice. London, 1844.
Historical Sketch of the Parish of Davington, in the County of Kent, and of the Priory there. London, 1862.
Heraldic Antiquities: a Collection of Original Drawings of Charges, Arrangements of Early Examples, &c., with Numerous Engravings of Coats of Arms, Fac Similes of Stained Glass, and Tracings of Early Brasses. London, 1865.
See also
Other early 19th century firms
William Wailes
William Warrington
Charles Edmund Clutterbuck
Hardman & Co.
Augustus Welby Pugin
William Holland
Context
British and Irish stained glass (1811–1918)
Victorian era
Gothic Revival architecture
Poor Man's Bible
References
Sources
Painton Cowen, A Guide to Stained Glass in Britain, 1985, Michael Joseph,
Elizabeth Morris, Stained and Decorative Glass, Doubleday,
Sarah Brown, Stained Glass – an Illustrated History, Bracken Books,
Simon Jenkins, England's Thousand Best Churches, Allen Lane, the Penguin Press,
John Harvey, English Cathedrals, Batsford, 1961
Cliff and Monica Robinson, Stained Glass of Buckinghamshire Churches
British stained glass artists and manufacturers
1786 births
1871 deaths
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 2000 season (officially "Torneo Apertura 2000") started on August 26, 2000, and finished on December 30, 2000.
The season saw C.D. Águila win its 12th league title after a 3–2 victory over C.D. Municipal Limeno in the final.
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
During the season
League standings
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Apertura 2000. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
ADET
Alexis Obregon
C.D. Águila
Adrian Mahia
Fulgencio Deonel Bordón
Marcio Sampaio
Alianza F.C.
Horacio Lugo
Alejandro Curbelo
Atletico Balboa
Franklin Webster
Ernesto Aquino
Enrique Reneau
Hugo Sarmiento
Atletico Marte
Oscar Mejía
Emiliano Pedrozo
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
Dragon
Saul Ye
C.D. FAS
Alejandro Bentos
Antonio Serrano
Claudio Pasadi
Pablo Quiñonez
Alejandro Soler
Ricardo Correia
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Mauricio Dos Santos
Ever Da Silva
Raúl Toro
Washington Hernández
Municipal Limeno
Carlos Villarreal
Jahir Camero
César Charum
Santa Clara
TBD
Top scorers
External links
http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/elsal01.html
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura seasons
El
1
In financial econometrics (the application of statistical methods to economic data), the Markov-switching multifractal (MSM) is a model of asset returns developed by Laurent E. Calvet and Adlai J. Fisher that incorporates stochastic volatility components of heterogeneous durations. MSM captures the outliers, log-memory-like volatility persistence and power variation of financial returns. In currency and equity series, MSM compares favorably with standard volatility models such as GARCH(1,1) and FIGARCH both in- and out-of-sample. MSM is used by practitioners in the financial industry to forecast volatility, compute value-at-risk, and price derivatives.
MSM specification
The MSM model can be specified in both discrete time and continuous time.
Discrete time
Let denote the price of a financial asset, and let denote the return over two consecutive periods. In MSM, returns are specified as
where and are constants and {} are independent standard Gaussians. Volatility is driven by the first-order latent Markov state vector:
Given the volatility state , the next-period multiplier is drawn from a fixed distribution with probability , and is otherwise left unchanged.
{|
|-
| drawn from distribution || with probability
|-
| || with probability
|}
The transition probabilities are specified by
.
The sequence is approximately geometric at low frequency. The marginal distribution has a unit mean, has a positive support, and is independent of .
Binomial MSM
In empirical applications, the distribution is often a discrete distribution that can take the values or with equal probability. The return process is then specified by the parameters . Note that the number of parameters is the same for all .
Continuous time
MSM is similarly defined in continuous time. The price process follows the diffusion:
where , is a standard Brownian motion, and and are constants. Each component follows the dynamics:
{|
|-
| drawn from distribution || with probability
|-
| || with probability
|}
The intensities vary geometrically with :
When the number of components goes to infinity, continuous-time MSM converges to a multifractal diffusion, whose sample paths take a continuum of local Hölder exponents on any finite time interval.
Inference and closed-form likelihood
When has a discrete distribution, the Markov state vector takes finitely many values . For instance, there are possible states in binomial MSM. The Markov dynamics are characterized by the transition matrix with components .
Conditional on the volatility state, the return has Gaussian density
Conditional distribution
Closed-form Likelihood
The log likelihood function has the following analytical expression:
Maximum likelihood provides reasonably precise estimates in finite samples.
Other estimation methods
When has a continuous distribution, estimation can proceed by simulated method of moments, or simulated likelihood via a particle filter.
Forecasting
Given , the conditional distribution of the latent state vector at date is given by:
MSM often provides better volatility forecasts than some of the best traditional models both in and out of sample. Calvet and Fisher report considerable gains in exchange rate volatility forecasts at horizons of 10 to 50 days as compared with GARCH(1,1), Markov-Switching GARCH, and Fractionally Integrated GARCH. Lux obtains similar results using linear predictions.
Applications
Multiple assets and value-at-risk
Extensions of MSM to multiple assets provide reliable estimates of the value-at-risk in a portfolio of securities.
Asset pricing
In financial economics, MSM has been used to analyze the pricing implications of multifrequency risk. The models have had some success in explaining the excess volatility of stock returns compared to fundamentals and the negative skewness of equity returns. They have also been used to generate multifractal jump-diffusions.
Related approaches
MSM is a stochastic volatility model with arbitrarily many frequencies. MSM builds on the convenience of regime-switching models, which were advanced in economics and finance by James D. Hamilton.
MSM is closely related to the Multifractal Model of Asset Returns. MSM improves on the MMAR's combinatorial construction by randomizing arrival times, guaranteeing a strictly stationary process.
MSM provides a pure regime-switching formulation of multifractal measures, which were pioneered by Benoit Mandelbrot.
See also
Brownian motion
Rogemar Mamon
Markov chain
Multifractal model of asset returns
Multifractal
Stochastic volatility
References
External links
Financial Time Series, Multifractals and Hidden Markov Models
Mathematical finance
Markov models
Fractals
The Sansa Fuze is a portable media player developed by SanDisk and released on March 8, 2008. The Fuze is available in three different Flash memory capacities: 2 GB, 4 GB, and 8 GB and comes in six different colors: black, blue, pink, red, silver, and white. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot with capacity up to 32 GB, and unofficially to 64 GB or more via FAT32 formatted SDXC cards. All models have a 1.9-inch TFT LCD display with a resolution of 220 by 176 pixels and a built-in monaural microphone and FM tuner; recordings of the latter two are saved as PCM WAV files.
Media support
The Fuze supports MP3, WMA, PCM WAV, and, since the 1.01.15 firmware revision, OGG Vorbis and FLAC audio codecs. The Fuze can display both pictures and videos, both of which must first be converted with the Sansa Media Converter software for Windows; this program converts images to BMP format and videos to DivX-AVI, with specific parameters that make the media compatible with the device. Alternatively, the open-source, platform-independent Video4Fuze application can be used. Video4Fuze offers more options and the ability to save the file to a computer instead of having the device plugged in every time one wants to convert a file. The Sansa Fuze supports media playlist types of .m3u and .wpl.
As of the 1.02.26 and 2.02.26 firmware revisions, Fuze now supports ReplayGain for MP3, WMA (non-DRM only), Vorbis and FLAC, which utilizes any ReplayGain metadata that has been encoded into the media files. Also, navigation by folder was implemented as an addition to browsing by metadata.
Operation
The Sansa Fuze is compatible with Microsoft Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X when USB mode is set to MSC as a drag and drop USB mass storage device. The player can also function as a Windows Media 10 and up device when USB mode is set to MTP. The Fuze's USB cable utilizes a proprietary connector that is compatible with its predecessor, the e200 series, as well as the c200 series. It has a mechanical scroll wheel (as opposed to the touch sensor on an iPod). Also unlike an iPod, powering the device off cuts all power usage (except for the clock) completely, rather than switching to a sleep mode that merely shuts down its visible operation. The Fuze has a MicroSDHC slot that can be used for standard media storage and for the proprietary Sansa services known as Slotradio and Slotmusic. The connector on the Fuze supports Line Out Dock (LOD) which is preferred to power an external amp, bypassing the internal headphone amplifier.
Software
Sandisk includes the Sansa Media Converter to convert video and photos for use on the player. Equivalent open-source packages also exist, such as Video4Fuze.
For editing playlists, the Sansa Fuze supports Windows Media Player (in MTP mode), Winamp (in MSC mode) and YAPL for Fuze (in MSC mode). In auto detect, one can view the files like one views them on a hard drive. One can add music through these programs or just drag and drop via a file browser like Windows Explorer. Alternatively, one may install open source Rockbox firmware, which supports numerous formats and offers greater flexibility.
Fuze+
The Sansa Fuze+, announced on August 31, 2010 in capacities of 4 GB (US$79), 8 GB (US$89) & 16 GB (US$119), is a portable media player with a 2.4-inch color display (QVGA) and a touchpad. It also features an FM radio with FM recording, a voice recorder, and 24 hours of audio playback from a single charge. It supports the following audio formats: MP3, WMA, Secure WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, AAC, Audible, Podcasts. For video it supports MPEG-4, H.264, and WMV. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot, and it can be used to play slotMusic and slotRadio cards.
See also
SanDisk
SanDisk Sansa
Sansa c200 Series
Sansa e200 series
Comparison of portable media players
References
External links
Sansa Fuze blog dedicated
Digital audio players
Portable media players
SanDisk products
José Mba Nchama (born October 17, 1965) is an Equatoguinean judoka, who played for the half-middleweight category. At age forty-two, Nchama made their official debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they competed in the men's half-middleweight class (81 kg). They received a bye for the second preliminary match, before losing out by an automatic ippon and a kata-gatame (seven mat holds) to Montenegro's Srđan Mrvaljević.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
Equatoguinean male judoka
Living people
Olympic judoka of Equatorial Guinea
Judoka at the 2008 Summer Olympics
1965 births
Ypsolopha lonicerella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known to be found in the eastern part of the Carpathian Mountains.
The wingspan is about 18–20 mm.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Maman Abdurrahman (born 12 May 1982 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Liga 1 club Persija Jakarta.
Career
Youth career
They made their debut at PS PAM Jaya in the 1996–1998 season. Afterwards they played for Persijatim in the 1998–2000 season.
Senior career
They started their senior career in 2001 at Persijatim Solo FC, playing for three seasons (2001–2004) where they appear 13 times and scored 3 goals. In 2005, they signed for PSIS Semarang, playing for three seasons (2005–2008) as well. Scoring one goal in 34 appearances.
In 2008, they were signed by Persib Bandung and became the first squad.
In 2013, they signed a contract with Sriwijaya FC for short-time period. And in 2014, they were signed by Persita Tangerang to compete in Indonesian Premier League.
Finally in 2016, they were signed by Persija Jakarta to compete in unofficial national cup. As Liga 1 began, they became an important player of Persija.
In December 2019, Abdurrahman's contract was not renewed by Persija.
National team career
2003: Pre Olympic
2004: Asian Cup, Pre World Cup
2005: SEA Games XXIII Philippines
2006: Brunei Merdeka Games, BV International Cup
2007: AFF Championship, Asian Cup
International career
Abdurrahman's international debut in the senior national team was at 2006 Brunei Merdeka Games against Malaysia on 23 August 2006; Indonesia drew 1–1. At Asian Cup 2007 they played 3 times; Indonesia win 2–1 from Bahrain, lose 1–2 from Saudi Arabia and lose 0–1 from South Korea at last game in group D. They were Indonesia captain for the match against Thailand in 2010 AFF Suzuki Cup.
Honours
Club
Persija Jakarta
Liga 1: 2018
Indonesia President's Cup: 2018
Menpora Cup: 2021
International
Indonesia
AFF Championship runner-up: 2010
Individual honors
Liga Indonesia Best player: 2006
References
External links
Indonesian footballers
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
1982 births
Indonesian Muslims
People from Jakarta
Living people
Betawi people
Persijatim players
Persija Jakarta players
Sriwijaya F.C. players
Persib Bandung players
PSIS Semarang players
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Sportspeople from Jakarta
Association football defenders
Indonesia international footballers
Kieran Thomas Conry (born 1 February 1951) is a Roman Catholic bishop. They were the Bishop of Arundel and Brighton from 2001 until their resignation in 2014.
Early life and ordination
Conry was born in Coventry and educated at All Souls Roman Catholic Primary School, Coventry, and Cotton College (Junior Seminary) in North Staffordshire, before moving to the Venerable English College in Rome to study for the priesthood.
They attended the Pontifical Gregorian University, gaining the qualifications PhB and STB. They were ordained in 1975 at All Souls Church in Coventry by Archbishop George Patrick Dwyer of Birmingham.
In 1976, Conry returned to Cotton College to teach English literature and religious education. In 1980 they became the private secretary to the Apostolic Delegate (Pro-Nuncio from 1982), Archbishop Bruno Heim, and then their successor, Archbishop Luigi Barbarito. They were appointed a monsignor in 1984.
Pastoral ministry
In 1988, Conry returned to the Archdiocese of Birmingham as parish priest in Leek, Staffordshire. They were appointed Administrator of St Chad's Cathedral in 1990, just before its 150th anniversary the following year.
From 1988 to 1993, Conry was a member of the National Conference of Priests, and its Vice-Chairman from 1992 to 1993. They were also Chairman of the Birmingham City Centre Churches from 1992 to 1993. From 1993 to 2000, they were involved with training counsellors for Catholic Marriage Care.
From the beginning of 1994 to 2001, Conry was Director of the Catholic Media Office in London, the press office of the Bishop's Conference of England & Wales, and also editor of Briefing, the bishops' official journal. In January 2001, they returned to the Birmingham archdiocese as parish priest of St Austin's, Stafford.
Bishop
On 8 May 2001, Conry was named the fourth Bishop of Arundel and Brighton by Pope John Paul II. They received their episcopal consecration on 9 June 2001 at Arundel Cathedral.
Resignation
On 27 September 2014, Conry announced their resignation as Bishop of Arundel and Brighton with immediate effect for having "been unfaithful to [his] promises as a Catholic priest" and bringing "shame" on the diocese and the Church. In their statement, they asked for prayer and forgiveness. They announced their resignation when it became apparent that the press was about to out the fact that they had been having an affair with an adult married woman. On 4 October 2014, Pope Francis accepted their resignation. They have not been laicized.
Views
Conry issued regular pastoral messages to their diocese.
Contemporary society
Conry has said that society has lost its sense of the transcendent and urged Christians to "proclaim the gospel into a void that needs to be filled if we are to find our way again; there is a space in all people that can only be filled by God".
Young people
In an interview with The Catholic Herald newspaper published in December 2008, they were reported to have said that it does not make much sense to talk about salvation to young people "unless you speak in their own language."
They have criticised society's "moral confusion": "we preach a liberal attitude to relationships and allow the media and commercial interests to prey on our young people, so that they are turned into little adults long before their time. Then we shake our heads in dismay and shame when we learn that we have the highest teenage pregnancy in the EU, six times higher than Holland."
Confession
Conry has been critical of going to confession regularly, saying that, in their experience, people would always come back saying the same things week after week, suggesting that no interior conversion or repentance was actually taking place.
In a May 2009 pastoral letter, they urged a more adult approach to the sacrament of reconciliation: "Go to the priest and talk about these things, the way in which your relationship with God might have grown stale. Because sin is ultimately something that damages our relationship with God. It is not just breaking the rules."
In November 2009, they clarified statements in their May pastoral letter, following a complaint to the Holy See. They stated that, by suggesting Catholics speak to their priests about "the biggest obstacle" in their relationship with God, they were not suggesting an alternative to the traditional practice of confessing sins.
Tridentine Mass
 They are reported to have stated that Summorum Pontificum does not suggest significant change because the Tridentine Mass caters for a small group of people. They added that they had never refused permission when a group of people asked if they could celebrate it in their diocese.
Date of Easter
Conry has argued against changing the date of Easter in a sense that would separate it from its Jewish roots of Passover, adding that it would be difficult to have all the different ecclesial communities to agree on a same date.
Civil partnerships
Conry has stated that the Catholic Church supports civil partnerships, because they can confer to couples, including homosexual couples, legal protection in matters such as inheritance. However, they have questioned the need to apply the term "marriage" to homosexual partnerships, saying that marriage as "the permanent union of a man and a woman" should be protected.
References
1951 births
Living people
20th-century English Roman Catholic priests
21st-century English Roman Catholic priests
People from Coventry
Roman Catholic bishops of Arundel and Brighton
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Hugh Morrow III (November 28, 1931 – December 28, 1975) was American politician who served as a member of the Alabama House of Representatives and Alabama State Senate, representing Jefferson County, Alabama.
Morrow was born in Birmingham in 1926 to Hugh Jr. and Dorothy (née Thomas) Morrow. Their grandfather was Hugh Morrow, who was also an Alabama state politician, lawyer and business person. They were raised and educated in Birmingham, served in the United States Army from 1952 to 1954, and later attended the University of Alabama and University of the South. Morrow was an investment banker, serving as vice president and director of the City National Bank of Birmingham as well as director of the American National Bank & Trust Company in Mobile, Alabama. They were first elected to the Alabama House of Representatives in 1958 and served until their election to the State Senate in 1966. They unsuccessfully ran for Lieutenant Governor of Alabama in 1970, losing to Jere Beasley in a runoff.
In 1972, Morrow underwent open-heart surgery; during their recovery they went missing for three days after failing to return from their home at which time they experienced amnesia. Morrow was killed in a single vehicle automobile accident at the age of 44 on December 28, 1975, when they crashed their vehicle into a concrete bridge pillar on U.S. Route 280 near their home in Birmingham.  They are buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Birmingham.
References
1931 births
1975 deaths
Members of the Alabama House of Representatives
Alabama state senators
20th-century American politicians
Inbal Gavrieli (, born 25 September 1975) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006.
Biography
Gavrieli was born in Tel Aviv to a family of Iraqi Jewish origins. Them family has been in Israel for nine generations and several of their ancestors were involved in the Irgun. Multiple member of their immediate and extended family are suspected of involvement in organized crime; nationally the Gavrieli family name is often considered synonymous with organized crime in Israel with their father and brother both having been arrested for operating illegal gambling businesses, and their cousin was murdered as part of a suspected dispute between with the Abergil crime family. Gavrieli did their mandatory service in the Israel Defense Forces as a producer for Israel Army Radio, then studied law at IDC Herzliya, where they gained a BA. They also studied for a BA in business administration.
For the 2003 elections they were placed 30th on the Likud list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats. Them election and subsequent attempt to use their parliamentary immunity to stop their father's house being searched by police during an investigation into illegal gambling and tax evasion raised concerns from the United States Ambassador to Israel regarding the influence of organised crime in the Likud central committee, as their father, Ezra "Shuni" Gavrieli, is suspected of being involved in organised crime. The Movement for Quality Government requested that the attorney general open a criminal investigation into the issue. During their first term in the Knesset, they served as chairperson of the Committee on the Status of Women and Gender Equality.
In 2004, Gavrieli together with Adi Barkan, Israeli fashion photographer and owner Barkan Modeling Agency in Tel Aviv, successfully submitted legislation to Israel's Parliament requiring all Israeli modeling agencies to use the body mass index (BMI) as a pre-requisite for employment, a first of its kind in the world. They lost their seat in the March 2006 elections.
Gavrieli was married to goalkeeper Liran Strauber. They had one son, Michael. They divorced in July 2009. They then entered a relationship with Ran Remo and had two more children, a son and daughter.
Reality television career
Gavrieli has taken part in a number of reality television shows, becoming a popular celebrity in Israel. In 2012, they came in fifth place in Israel's Survivor. They also appeared in Channel 20's Patriots program in 2015.
References
External links
1975 births
21st-century Israeli women politicians
Association footballers' wives and girlfriends
Reichman University alumni
Israeli people of Iraqi-Jewish descent
Jewish Israeli politicians
Likud politicians
Living people
Members of the 16th Knesset (2003–2006)
People from Tel Aviv
Survivor (Israeli TV series) contestants
Women members of the Knesset
Peter Jurko (born 22 September 1967) is a former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Slovak male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovak male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for Czechoslovakia
Competitors at the 1987 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 1991 Winter Universiade
Nick Harris, informally known as Harry, is an English motorsport commentator, journalist and author. They provided television commentary of live MotoGP coverage for BT Sport between 1999 and 2017.  They are known as 'the voice of MotoGP'.
During their 18-year run as full-time commentator, Harris became known for their uniquely enthusiastic and authoritative voice. They retired from full-time commentary after the final race of the 2017 MotoGP World Championship at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo in Valencia, where they held their last post-race interview with multiple prominent riders at the time such as Valentino Rossi, Dani Pedrosa, Jorge Lorenzo and Marc Márquez. Since then, they still write blog posts by the name of Nick Harris Blog before the start of each race, which get published on the official MotoGP website.
Early life
Harris was born in 1947 at the Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford and lived in the small village of Cumnor, near Oxford in Oxfordshire, England. Their father was a big sports entheusiast and growing up, they loved playing sports himself. They were also a big fan of their local football club Oxford United, whom they support to this day. While their parents were not very interested in motorcycle racing or racing in general, Harris' interest for motorcycle racing was first sparked when they first saw motocross races on their parents' black-and-white television. This is also where they first saw Isle of Man TT winner Graham Walker and their son Murray Walker, who started their commentator career around this time. When they discovered the Motorcycle speedway at the Oxford Stadium in Cowley and later visited Mallory Park with their father, where they saw and heard the six-cylinder Honda of Mike Hailwood for the first time, this interest was further sparked.
When they were a child, they attended Cumnor CE School. During their teenage years, they went to Magdalen College but left with one O level after two "pathetic attempts", as they called it themselves in their autobiography. Harris went to school with motocross rider Keith Hickman and knew their brother very well. After graduation, their parents offered them a job as a clerk in a local solicitors' office but was not suited for the job. At their next job they worked behind the counter in a sports shop while also working as a disc jockey in the evenings to further increase their income. Their third job involved being a representative for "a Manchester-based sports company".
In their autobiography Never Say Never: The Inside Story of the Motorcycle World Championships, Harris has stated that they like cricket and has played it for over 50 years but prefers playing football instead. They also stated that they frequently suffered from acute homesickness and wrote postcards to their parents every day as a result.
In 1973, Harris witnessed their first ever grand prix motorcycle racing grand prix, which was the 1973 Dutch TT.
Career as a journalist
At the end of 1972, Tony Rosser founded the Oxford Journal and asked Harris to become the distribution manager. Initially they declined the offer but when Rosser offered them three times the salary, they joined the journal two weeks later in January 1973. One of their personal best and interesting reports came in the same year when they were sent to Italy to report on the 1973 Anglo-Italian Cup match between Bologna and Oxford United, where they sat in a private jet next to a Scottish international footballer who had scored a goal against England at the old Wembley Stadium. When they returned a few days later, they met Tony Adamson who worked as a sports reporter for BBC Radio Oxford at the time. There, they asked Harris if they would "give up playing football on a Saturday to come into their studio to read the football results and make the tea."
After their career at the Oxford Journal, they joined Motorcycle News in 1975 after applying for a job as general reporter. For the interview in Kettering, they felt "vastly underqualified" but went anyway. They worked in both the British road racing and later, in 1976, in the motocross departments. A part of their job as a road racing reporter was finding a phone or telex machine to get results and reports through, which took up to three hours. Harris found those days as motocross reporter to be "exciting" because they could travel, stay in hotels and write various reports, but felt it was different compared to writing reports for motorcycle grand prix races. They moved up to news editor and later still they joined Motorcycle Weekly as a sports editor in 1979.
In 1980, Harris witnessed their first grand prix motorcycle racing grand prix as a journalist - the 1980 Dutch TT. While they were a fan from the paddock, they did not really follow the World Motorcycle Championship until the late 1970s because they were always at the Isle of Man TT. They were unlucky because there was a strike going on when they first started, preventing them from going to the first three rounds of the season.
Career as a commentator
Harris' first private commentary was in 1974 when they called a North Gloucestershire club meeting over the phone from a sergeant's mess at a Royal Air Force base in Oxfordshire. During their period in Formula One, they also worked for the BBC Radio in the motorcycle department.
Grand prix motorcycle racing
Harris first started their commentary work at the start of the 1999 season. Their commentaries have been broadcast on multiple English-speaking outlets - from M-Net in South Africa to Speedvision in Canada. They also have provided reports and features on the radio for the BBC World Service and BBC Radio 5 Live. They commentated on the races during the summer.
Besides their commentaries, Harris also hosted the commentary of the post-race conferences, wrote the press releases and looked after the British media.
At the end of the 2017 season, Harris announced that they would retire from commentating after 18 years. At their last post-race commentary, Valentino Rossi interrupted them and asked them to come and sit with the riders, with Rossi then showing them a specially constructed thank-you video that Dorna had created for him. The video consists of multiple motorcycle racers like Jorge Lorenzo, Dani Pedrosa Cal Crutchlow and Jack Miller reciting some of their classic lines, as well as former FIM president Vito Ippolito, other grand prix motorcycle riders and sports figures praising them for all their work as a commentator. After the video ends, an emotional Harris returns to their seat to start the interview in a fun manner. Over 1.2 million people have since seen theirs thank you video, which was hosted by world champions such as Rossi and Márquez.
Harris considers two moments during their commentary career as their best - the 2004 South African motorcycle Grand Prix where Valentino Rossi narrowly won their first-ever race for Yamaha against Max Biaggi and the 2003 South African motorcycle Grand Prix where Sete Gibernau narrowly won from Rossi after their teammate Daijiro Kato lost their lives in an accident during the previous race. Their worst moments were when Marco Simoncelli was killed at the 2011 Malaysian motorcycle Grand Prix as well as Shoya Tomizawa's death at the 2010 San Marino and Rimini Riviera motorcycle Grand Prix.
Football
Their first public broadcast came in 1973, when they started commentating the football matches of Oxford United. Since then, they have covered matches in all four divisions of the English football league as well as two English Football League Trophy trophy finals at Wembley Stadium - one in 2016 and another one in 2017. They commentate on the matches during the winter. They also are a member of the board of directors for the team for six years, from 1994 to 1999. Harris revealed in their autobiography Never Say Never: The Inside Story of the Motorcycle World Championships that their club was in financial troubles in the final year of their work on the board of directors. After they retired from commenting on the MotoGP series, they stated that they would continue to commentate the football matches of Oxford United on the BBC.
Commentary style
Over the course of their grand prix motorcycle racing commentary history, Harris has attracted mixed and even polarising opinions on their particular style of uniquely enthusiastic commentating. Some praise them for this as well as their overall passion, familiar expressions during the races and their decades of involvement in the sport which gave them great knowledge and understanding of grand prix motorcycle racing while others criticise them for their overusing of certain phrases, their use of cliché's, the mistakes they sometimes made and their early beginnings at Rothmans.
Career as an author
Over the span of forty years, Harris has written numerous books related to grand prix motorcycle racing. Their first book was written and released in 1986 in collaboration with author Peter Clifford and is called Fast Freddie: Double World Champion Freddie Spencer, the Man and Their Machines (Motorcycles and Motorcycling). It is an autobiography of two-time 500cc world champion Freddie Spencer. The book was officially published on May 26, 1986, by Motor Racing Publications Ltd. The second book is called Motocourse History of the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy Races 1907 - 1989, was released in 1990 and was also translated into German. In 2007 their third book - a biography on the life of Barry Sheene - was released in collaboration with former grand prix motorcycle racer Steve Parrish with the title Barry: The Story of Motorcycling Legend, Barry Sheene. To date, this is Harris' most successful book, reaching the Bestseller List of books of The Sunday Times and being published in Australia and Germany. Harris' fourth book, Racing Together 1949-2016, was written together with prominent grand prix motorcycle racing figures Vito Ippolito, Carmelo Ezpeleta and Hervé Poncharal and commissioned by Dorna Sports. This book goes in-depth on the history of grand prix motorcycle racing up to the 2016 season. In 2018, they hinted in an interview with Fast Bikes India that they were writing a book about their life travelling the world in MotoGP and Formula One. Their fifth and most recent book came out in 2019 with the title Never Say Never: The Inside Story of the Motorcycle World Championships, which is an autobiography of the life of Nick Harris. Penguin Random House UK, though Virgin Books, published an audio book which was narrated by Nick as well as a paperback version in 2020.
Business life
In 1983 they founded their own agency with the name "Nick Harris Media Communications". Over the span of their life, Harris has also done promotional work for the Silverstone Armstrong team with Niall Mackenzie and Donnie McLeod for their 250cc and 350cc teams and has been a media manager for the Rothmans Honda Team of Luca Cadalora, Anton Mang. Eddie Lawson and Wayne Gardner when they were laid off after Motorcycle Weekly was shut down.
When Rothmans moved its operations to Formula One and sponsor the Williams F1 team from the 1994 season onwards, Harris followed suit and joined the world of Formula One as their press secretary and media manager. Keen on continuing their passion for motorcycle racing, they went to all the Formula One races as well as a third of the motorcycle races that year. They found this to be quite tough. Harris and their business worked on the media communications and public relations part when Rothmans joined the sport in 1994 in the form of photographs, video's and broadcasts as well a Formula One pre-season guide. Harris also helped to organize and host press conferences and tours throughout the world. When Rothmans and Williams parted ways, they came back to grand prix motorcycle racing. Overall, Harris worked in Formula One from the 1994 to the 2000 season. During this period, they celebrated two world titles with Rothmans - one with Damon Hill in 1996 and one with Jacques Villeneuve in 1997. When they initially entered, they were nervous because they were a new employee and did not know anyone. However, upon discovering that most people in the Formula One world loved football and motorcycling, they quickly warmed up to the atmosphere. During their Formula One period, they also worked for the BBC Radio in the motorcycle division.
When JT International joined MotoGP as an advertiser via its brand Camel in 2003, Harris and their business helped to set up the press service and organise the launch of the brand. They also provided all the written copies for their media guides, previews and features for their press service as well as a website and specialised features.
Besides their work for Rothmans, Harris has also narrated multiple programmes, video's and advertisements for companies like Yamaha and Castrol, and has hosted presentations for Tissot, Honda. Harris has also worked with the IRTA and Dorna Sports since 2004 and 2000 respectively.
Personal life
Harris is married to Sheila and the couple have one daughter.
In an interview with the German Speedweek magazine, Harris revealed that they had never learned any languages and that they regret this decision. They also revealed that, in 2003, they met the father of future motorcyclist Bradley Smith at a local pub in Oxford, who said their son wanted to get into grand prix motorcycle racing at the time. In an interview with the Golden Triangle Rider in 2017, Harris said that they suffer from tunnel vision and therefor does not ride their motorcycle anymore. They also mentioned they were great friends with Barry Sheene, Wayne Gardner and Bradley Smith.
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Oxfordshire (before 1974)
English motorsport people
Hamidreza Fouladgar () is an Iranian conservative politician and former member of the Parliament of Iran representing Isfahan electoral district.
References
1959 births
Living people
Members of the 7th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Members of the 8th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Members of the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Members of the 10th Islamic Consultative Assembly
Islamic Society of Engineers politicians
Islamic Republican Party politicians
Iran University of Science and Technology alumni
Islamic Azad University alumni
Politicians from Isfahan
Popular Front of Islamic Revolution Forces politicians
Iranian industrial engineers
Alex Chapple is a Canadian director and writer.
Filmography
External links
Canadian television writers
Canadian television directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The 46th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1956 Nova Scotia general election, the 45th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 46th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1960 Nova Scotia general election, the 46th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 47th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 24th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Hamburg Sign Language Notation System, or HamNoSys, is a transcription system for all sign languages, not only for ASL, with a direct correspondence between symbols and gesture aspects, such as hand location, shape and movement. It was developed in 1985 at the University of Hamburg, Germany. it is in its fourth revision.
Though it has roots in Stokoe notation, HamNoSys does not identify with any specific national diversified fingerspelling system- and as such is intended for a wider range of applications than Stokoe, which was designed specifically for ASL and only later adapted to other sign languages.
Unlike SignWriting and the Stokoe system, it is not intended as a practical writing system. It's more like the International Phonetic Alphabet in that regard. Both systems are meant for use by linguistics, and include detail such as allophones that are not relevant to those actually using the language.
The HamNoSys is not encoded in Unicode. Computer processing is made possible by a font, which uses Private Use Area characters.
References
University of Hamburg
Sign language notation
Writing systems introduced in 1985
In algebraic geometry, a vanishing theorem gives conditions for coherent cohomology groups to vanish.
Andreotti–Grauert vanishing theorem
Grauert–Riemenschneider vanishing theorem
Kawamata–Viehweg vanishing theorem
Kodaira vanishing theorem
Mumford vanishing theorem
Ramanujam vanishing theorem
Nadel vanishing theorem
Fujita vanishing theorem
The 2015 wildfire season was the largest in Washington state history, with more than burning across the state from June to September. As many as 3,000 firefighters including 800 Washington National Guard members were deployed to fight the fires. The 17th Field Artillery Brigade of the United States Army also deployed 200 soldiers from Joint Base Lewis–McChord to help fight the fires.
On August 21, President Barack Obama declared the fires a federal emergency. On August 24, the Washington Department of Natural Resources announced the Okanogan Complex fire had become the largest fire complex in Washington State history.
The Washington State Department of Natural Resources called the season the "worst-ever" in the state's history.
Progression and response
June
June 2015 was a remarkably hot month for the state of Washington, with average temperatures between above normal conditions, setting new records.
By June 23, there had already been 313 wildfires across the state.
Governor's action
Governor Jay Inslee issued a proclamation on June 26, declaring a state of emergency to exist in all Washington state counties, implementing the Washington State Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan, and ordering deployment of National Guard and other organized militia for incident-related service assistance, all because of the predicted risk of wildfires in the wake of significantly drier-than-average weather in June. The Commissioner of Public Lands Peter J. Goldmark, head of the Washington Department of Natural Resources, issued an updated burn ban to the one issued June 22, as the earlier ban was superseded by the Governor's proclamation. The Commissioner's prohibition of campfires in state forests, state parks and state forestlands until September 30, 2015, was issued June 26, 2015.
Sleepy Hollow fire
The season began unprecedentedly early with the Sleepy Hollow Fire on June 28, affecting the city of Wenatchee in Chelan County, Washington. It burned 2,950 acres, destroying 29 homes and several commercial buildings. The cause of the fire is under investigation but is "likely human-caused". Officials said the fire's unusual intensity was caused by drought and record high temperatures. As a safety precaution, officials banned Fourth of July fireworks in many parts of the state. A man was arrested in connection with the fire, confessing to starting it with a disposable lighter, but faced no charges due to their mental illness.
July
By July 12, over 16,000 acres had burned, including a single fire near Ephrata, in Grant County, that had burned at least 10,000 acres. Later in the month, another major fire was triggered by farm equipment near Walla Walla and burned more than 6,000 acres over two weeks.
August
The extent of wildfires in August 2015 led to the federal declaration of a state of emergency in Washington state by President Barack Obama on August 21, 2015.
By August 24, over 16 active fires had burned more than .
On August 29 there was concern that unusually strong southerly winds would cause "significant growth" of the Tunk Block and Lime Belt fires in the Okanogan complex and growth in the Chelan complex fires. The Twisp River and Nine Mile fires were about 95 percent contained.
Chelan Complex
Three fires on the south end of Lake Chelan, near the city of Chelan, merged into a complex fire and forced the immediate evacuation of over 1,000 residents on August 14. By August 16, the Reach Complex Fire had grown to , while the Wolverine fire burned nearly . According to Rico Smith, a spokesperson for the firefighters near Chelan, by August 29 "about 85 homes, businesses and other residences [had] been destroyed by the Chelan complex fires."
Okanogan Complex
The Okanogan Complex Fire was formed from five separate wildfires in Okanogan County, of which all but one were caused by lightning strikes, burning approximately by August 20. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) authorized the use of federal grants on August 14 for the Nine Mile Fire, one of the five fires that are part of the Okanogan Complex, determining that it constituted a "major disaster". Over 1,300 residents in the towns of Twisp and Winthrop were ordered to evacuate because of the approaching Twisp River Fire. On August 19, 2015, three firefighters were killed battling a wildfire near Twisp.
By August 24, the fire had grown to , surpassing the Carlton Complex fire of 2014 to become the largest wildfire complex in Washington state history. By August 28 "at least 45 primary residences, 49 cabins and 60 outbuildings [were] destroyed in the Okanogan complex fires." The size of the complex peaked at on August 30, before the transfer of the Tunk Block Fire under the North Star Fire on August 31.
September
International assistance
After the emergency declaration in August, President Obama asked Australian Fire Services (including those of the Black Saturday bushfires) to aid the depleted American services. By August 24, about 70 fire managers from Australia and New Zealand arrived at the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise, Idaho, to be briefed and provided with gear before heading west to fight the fires.
Air quality
As a result of the wildfires, air quality across the state and into Canada dropped to unhealthy levels in many cities and led to the issuing of several air quality alerts by the U.S. National Weather Service and Environment Canada. Omak, located northeast of the Okanogan Complex fire, reported an air quality index rating of 500 on August 24. The city of Spokane, from the fires, reported a rating of 188 on August 24, forcing high school athletics and other outdoor activities to be canceled. By Tuesday, August 25, Environment Canada had posted an Air Quality Health Index alert for cities as far away as Calgary, Alberta——with a score of 12. The Canadian Air Quality Health Index, measured on a scale of one to 10-plus with 10 as "very high risk", is based on measurements of "ozone at ground level, particulate matter and nitrogen dioxide". By Wednesday the third day of the thick haze of smoke, air quality in Calgary scored 17.
Smoke from the Chelan Complex fire was pushed westward over Seattle and the Puget Sound region by upper-level winds on August 22, causing hazy weather and worsened air quality for several days.
Aftermath
In December, Governor Jay Inslee proposed a supplemental budget that included $178 million to cover the costs incurred by the state in fighting the wildfires.
List of fires
Notes
See also
2015 California wildfires
2015 Oregon wildfires
References
External links
Inciweb
NWCC – Northwest Fire Locations
wildfires
Washington (state) wildfires
Washington (state) wildfires
Wildfires in Washington (state) by year
The name Santa Cueva (Spanish "Holy Grotto") may refer to several places in Spain:
Santa Cueva de Covadonga, in Principado de Asturias
Santuario de la Cueva Santa in Altura in Castellón
Oratorio de la Santa Cueva, church in Cádiz city, in the province of Cádiz
Cave of Saint Ignatius, in Manresa, in the province of Barcelona
Santa Cueva de Montserrat, origin of the Virgen de Montserrat (Virgen de la Moreneta) patron saint of Catalonia.
Safety cap may refer to:
Safety cap (helmet), hatgear used in mining etc.
Safety cap (medicine) or child-resistant packaging, a cap found on medicine bottles designed to be hard for a child to remove
Safety capacitor, a type of capacitor
İshakköy is a village in the Çavdır district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Çavdır District
Apatheism (; a portmanteau of apathy and theism) is the attitude of apathy towards the existence or non-existence of God(s). It is more of an attitude rather than a belief, claim, or belief system. The term was coined by Robert Nash, theology professor at Mercer University, in 2001.
An apatheist is someone who is not interested in accepting or rejecting any claims that gods exist or do not exist. The existence of a god or gods is not rejected, but may be designated irrelevant. One of the first recorded apatheists was arguably Denis Diderot (1713–1784), who wrote: "It is very important not to mistake hemlock for parsley, but to believe or not believe in God is not important at all."
The astrobiologist and philosopher Ian von Hegner has argued that apatheism is an alternative to positions such as theism, atheism, and agnosticism, with implications that have been overlooked in modern philosophical discussions. Philosopher Trevor Hedberg has called apatheism "uncharted territory in the philosophy of religion". Political theorist and constitutional law scholar, Adam Scott Kunz, has further defined apatheism as "the philosophical attitude of indifference, both public and private, to (1) the question of the existence of a deity, (2) the metaphysical and practical value of loyalty to that deity, and/or (3) the interaction of that deity with the natural world".
Mindset
Apatheism considers the question of the existence or nonexistence of deities to be fundamentally irrelevant in every way that matters. This position should not be understood as a skeptical position in a manner similar to that of, for example, atheists or agnostics who question the existence of deities or whether we can know anything about them.
The existence of deities is not put aside for moral or epistemic reasons—for democratic or existential reasons, it is deemed unnecessary. This is a universalization of the fundamental democratic principle that there are no first- and second-class humans and that among other species or beings (including hypothetical deities or aliens elsewhere in the universe), human beings also are not second class. In this version, the existence of deities is thus not one of the so-called grand questions in life.
Adam Scott Kunz has argued that apatheism's opposite is zeal, just as atheism's opposite is theism. Instead of viewing apatheism as a different form of belief, Kunz argues that apatheism and zeal can interact with atheism and theism on a two-dimensional spectrum similar to a political spectrum. A person can be a theist, while at the same time have an attitude of apatheism (such beliefs are common in deism) or zeal toward questions of existence, loyalty, or involvement of deity. Likewise, an atheist can be either apatheistic or zealous.
Reasoning
Irrelevance
Apatheists may feel that even if there are gods/deities and the existence and legitimacy of them were proven, it would not make a difference to them for one reason or another; therefore, which one(s), if any, are real does not matter and any discussion about it is meaningless. This approach is similar to that of practical atheism.
Lack of interest
An apatheist may not have any interest in the god debate simply for lack of interest in the topic.
Morality
This apatheistic argument states that morals do not come from God and that if a god exists, there would be no changes with regards to morality; therefore, a god's existence or non-existence is irrelevant.
Related views
Apathetic agnosticism
A view related to apatheism, apathetic agnosticism claims that no amount of debate can prove or disprove the existence of one or more deities, and if one or more deities exist, they do not appear to be concerned about the fate of humans; therefore, their existence has little to no impact on personal human affairs. This view has also been called Pragmatic Agnosticism.
Practical atheism
The view that one should live their life with disregard towards a god or gods. Practical atheism does not see the god questions as irrelevant, in contrast to apatheism.
Thus: "practical atheism is disregard for the answers to [God questions], not a disregard for [God questions] per se. Unlike atheism proper, the practical atheist acts as if God does not exist and has no authority over their life despite their belief in God. Hence, practical atheism and not actual atheism."
See also
Creator in Buddhism
Indifferentism
Nontheism
Postchristianity
Post-theism
Theological noncognitivism
References
External links
"Let It Be: Three Cheers for Apatheism
Apatheism, Allognosticism, and the American Religious Landscape
Apatheism defined on Atheism.about.com
ABC New Radio: wordwatch, Apatheism
Apathetic Agnostics
2001 neologisms
Pragmatism
Nontheism
Philosophy of religion
The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy fantasy mockumentary short film, directed by Terry Gilliam from a screenplay by Aaron Bergeron. The film stars David Arquette and Justin Kirk, and features appearances by Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Darrell Waltrip. The Legend of Hallowdega was produced by RadicalMedia as branded content film for AMP Energy Juice, and was shot on location in Charlotte, NC and at Talladega Superspeedway, Alabama.
Plot
The host of an investigative news show joins forces with a techno-geek paranormal expert to dodge close-calls and chase crazy leads to get to the bottom of the mysteries around Talladega Superspeedway.
Cast
David Arquette as Kiyash Monsef
Justin Kirk as Host
Dale Earnhardt Jr. as Himself
Darrell Waltrip as Himself
Buddy Baker as Himself
Buz McKim as Himself
References
External links
The Legend of Hallowdega - AMP Energy Juice
Watch the film
2010 films
2010 black comedy films
2010s fantasy-comedy films
American auto racing films
American black comedy films
American fantasy-comedy films
American ghost films
American mockumentary films
Short films directed by Terry Gilliam
2010s ghost films
Self-reflexive films
Sponsored films
Promotional films
American comedy short films
2010 short films
2010 comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Too Many Girls is a 1940 American musical comedy film directed by George Abbott, who had also directed the hit Broadway musical on which it was based, which ran for 249 performances. The film's screenplay is by John Twist, and it stars Lucille Ball, Richard Carlson, Ann Miller, Eddie Bracken, Frances Langford, Desi Arnaz and Hal Le Roy. It was released on October 8, 1940, by RKO Pictures. Both Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball credited the production for bringing them together. They married on November 30, 1940, less than two months after the film's release.
Plot
Connie Casey (Lucille Ball), an energetic celebrity heiress, wants to go to Pottawatomie College in Stop Gap, New Mexico, their father's alma mater, to be near their latest beau, British playwright Beverly Waverly (Douglas Walton). To protect her, and without their knowledge, their tycoon father (Harry Shannon) sends four Ivy League football players as their bodyguards, Clint Kelly (Richard Carlson), Jojo Jordan (Eddie Bracken), Manuelito (Desi Arnaz) and Al Terwilliger (Hal Le Roy), who sign a contract with an "anti-romance" clause.
The college is in bad financial straits and the bodyguards use their salaries to help the college. They also join the college's terrible football team, which immediately becomes one of the best in the country. Clint falls in love with Connie, but when they discover they are their bodyguard, they decide to go back East. The bodyguards follow her, leaving the team in the lurch. The people of Stop Gap go after them, and they are brought back just in time for the big game. Connie declares their love for Clint, and they lead the team to victory.
Cast
Lucille Ball as Connie Casey
Richard Carlson as Clint Kelly
Ann Miller as Pepe
Eddie Bracken as Jojo Jordan
Frances Langford as Eileen Eilers
Desi Arnaz as Manuelito
Hal Le Roy as Al Terwilliger
Libby Bennett as Tallulah Lou
Harry Shannon as Mr. Casey
Douglas Walton as Beverly Waverly
Chester Clute as Lister
Tiny Person as Midge Martin
Ivy Scott as Mrs. Tewksbury
Byron Shores as Sheriff Andaluz
Van Johnson as chorus boy (uncredited)
Grady Sutton as football coach (uncredited)
Cast notes:
Desi Arnaz, Eddie Bracken, Hal LeRoy, Libby Bennett, Ivy Scott, Byron Shores and Van Johnson all also appeared in the Broadway musical the film is based on, playing the same characters. It was the Broadway debut for all of them except LeRoy.
During the course of filming, Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz fell in love. They eloped on November 30, 1940.
Production
RKO paid $100,000 for the rights to the Broadway musical. Filming on Too Many Girls began on June 22, 1940.
Songs
The songs in Too Many Girls were all written by Richard Rodgers, who composed the music, and Lorenz Hart, who wrote the lyrics. The songs are:
"You're Nearer"
"I Didn't Know What Time It Was"
"Spic and Spanish"
"Love Never Went to College"
"'Cause We All Got Cake"
"Heroes in the Fall"
"Pottawatomie".
All the songs also appeared in the Broadway musical, except for "You're Nearer". Songs that were used in the stage musical and not used in the film were "Tempt Me Not", "My Prince", "I Like to Recognize the Tune", "The Sweethearts of the Team", "She Could Shake the Maracas", "Too Many Girls", and "Give it Back to the Indians".
Critical response
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote that Too Many Girls was a "pleasant, light-hearted and wholly ingenuous campus film" but that director George Abbot "has permitted it to sag in the middle, at which point the thin spots baldly show." They complained that some of the dance numbers looked dark and gloomy. "If the intention was to be impressive, it has failed. For 'Too Many Girls' is a simple, conventional rah-rah picture, without any place for pretense. And there is not enough to it, on the whole, for Mr. Abbott to squander dancers recklessly."
References
External links
1940 films
1940 musical comedy films
American black-and-white films
American football films
American musical comedy films
Films based on musicals
Films directed by George Abbott
Films set in universities and colleges
RKO Pictures films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Philipp Ehrenreich (born 15 July 1892, date of death unknown) was an Austrian athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1892 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Austrian male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Austria
Place of birth missing
The Wedding on Solö (Swedish: Bröllopet på Solö) is a 1946 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Adolf Jahr, Rut Holm and Sigbrit Molin. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Arthur Spjuth. Inspired by a 1915 play of the same title by Oscar Wennersten, it is a sequel to the 1945 film The Österman Brother's Virago.
Cast
Adolf Jahr as Kalle Österman
Rut Holm as Agneta Österman
Sigbrit Molin as Ella
Sven Magnusson as Torsten
Emy Hagman as Anna
Lasse Krantz as Anders
John Elfström as Anton Andersson
Ingemar Holde as Isak
Sten Lindgren as Vicar Bång
Birger Åsander as County Police
Carl Reinholdz as Sjöberg
Anna Olin as Cook
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1946 films
Swedish comedy films
1946 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Swedish films based on plays
1940s Swedish films
Close House Mine is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of west County Durham, England. It is a working opencast mine located in Arngill Beck on the north-east flank of Close House Crags, in the Lunedale Forest. The site is surrounded on three sides by the Upper Teesdale SSSI.
The mine is situated within the Lunedale fault system, at the southern limit of the Alston Block. A large barite ore body is exposed at the mine and a rare mineral, rosasite, has been identified at the site.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Mines in County Durham
Will (William T.) Johnson is an American composer and improviser.
Johnson, who was raised in Marietta, Georgia, earned a B.A. in music from Princeton University and an M.A. in music composition from the University of California, Berkeley. In 1966–67 they attended the composition seminar given by visiting professor Karlheinz Stockhausen at the University of California, Davis.
From 1969 until their retirement in 2010, Johnson was Professor of Music at Sonoma State University in Rohnert Park, California, where most of their music-making has been centered.
References
Sources
Further reading
Professor Johnson's SSU biography page (archive from 27 September 2011, accessed 4 August 2018)
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Living people
Sonoma State University faculty
Pupils of Karlheinz Stockhausen
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Euchrysops sagba, the Sagba Mountain Cupid, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in eastern Nigeria, Cameroon and the Central African Republic. The habitat consists of submontane grassland.
References
Butterflies described in 1993
Euchrysops
Ataxia stehliki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak in 1966. It is known from Cuba.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1966
Endemic fauna of Cuba
In artistic gymnastics, a kip is a technique that involves flexing or piking at the hips, and then rapidly extending the hip joints to impart momentum. It may be performed in some form on all apparatuses, but is most commonly performed on the women's uneven bars and on the men's rings, parallel bars, and horizontal bar.
The kip is an important technique that is used as both a mount and an element or connecting technique in a bar routine. The kip allows the gymnast to swing below the bar to arrive in a front support on the bar. From the front support, the gymnast may then perform any number of skills. The glide kip is the most commonly used mount on the women's uneven bars.
The kip has been used since the early days of modern gymnastics. Currently, in the USA, the kip first appears in the women's USAG Level 4.
Variations
Variations of the kip include the long hang kip, glide kip, drop kip, kip with stoop through and kip with jump turn.
The glide kip may be used as a mount or a connecting skill. The glide kip is performed by swinging in a piked hollow position, toes in front, under the bar to extend to a straight hollow position parallel to the floor. Once extended, the gymnast quickly pulls their or their feet towards the bar while simultaneously pushing down with straight arms to arrive in a straight hollow front support on the bar. Taller gymnasts may perform the glide kip in a straddle hollow rather than piked hollow swing, joining the feet together at extension, before initiating the kipping action.
The long hang kip utilizes the gymnast's ability to swing on the high bar to perform a kip. Unlike a glide kip, the long hang kip does not swing in a piked hollow position nor does it swing all the way out to horizontal. A long hang kip begins with a straight hollow swing under the bar and performs the kipping action (the pulling of the feet to the bar while pushing with the arms) much earlier in the swing than does a glide kip.
The drop kip is a kip often used in gymnastics conditioning, both to strengthen the muscles of those who already are able to perform a kip and to help new students learn a kip. This kip utilizes little swing, rather, it requires a great deal of strength on the part of the gymnast. The gymnast begins in a front support on the bar, thighs on the bar, chest in hollow. They or they then drops backwards with straight arms, "sliding" the bar down their legs to their feet. Their shins or feet must stay close to the bar. After completing their small swing backwards, they begin the kipping action by pushing down with straight arms to arrive again in a hollow front support on the bar.
The glide kip with stoop through is performed by executing a glide kip, but bringing the feet and straight legs between the bar and the arms to finish sitting on top of the bar. The gymnast typically will then use the propulsion of the kip to push off the low bar and catch the high bar. This skill may also be performed by straddling the legs over the bar rather than piking between the hands.
The jump with 1/2 turn to kip and jump with 1/1 turn to kip is a kip performed with a jump half or jump full turn prior to catching the bar. When a jump half turn is performed, the gymnast does not swing but immediately kips from the air. When a jump full turn is performed, the gymnast completes the swing as usual before kipping. This skill may be performed on the low or the high bar.
Notes
Further reading
Vazquez, Jesus "7 Core Elements to Successful Bars" Technique Magazine January 2001
Geddert, John "Beginning Uneven Bars" Technique Magazine April 2001
See also
Uneven Bars
Kip-up (martial arts)
Gymnastics elements
Petre Dumitru (born 11 November 1957) is a retired Romanian weightlifter. They competed at the 1980 and 1984 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1984.
References
1957 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Romanian male weightlifters
"Forever" is a hip house song by American rapper will.i.am and DJ/Producer Wolfgang Gartner, released as a single on October 9, 2011. The track was released on Ministry of Sound and is included in Gartner's debut album Weekend in America. The track peaked at number 43 on the UK Singles Chart and number 9 on the UK Dance Chart, on the week ending October 15, 2011. Alternative artwork was released in the UK credited as 'Wolfgang Gartner featuring Will.i.am'.
Music video
The music video for the track premiered on June 1, 2011, via the official Ultra Records, a sub-label of Ministry of Sound, YouTube account. The video begins with a number of people dancing in a club. Two of them are showing entering the club toilets and engaging in sex. The scene cuts to will.i.am as a sperm, and continues by showing milestones up to and after their birth. It continues by detailing events in their childhood, before culminating when they are a full-grown adult. The video is three minutes and forty-nine seconds in length. A shortened version was released in the UK lasting two minutes and fifty-four seconds in length. It was released on August 9, 2011.
Track listing
US Digital download
"Forever" (U.S. Radio Edit) - 3:40
"Forever" (Extended Mix) - 5:45
UK Digital EP
"Forever" (UK Radio Edit) - 2:52
"Forever" (Extended Mix) - 5:45
"Forever" (16 Bit Remix) - 6:13
"Forever" (Kutz & Platonium Remix) - 4:15
"Forever" (Kutz & Platonium Dub) - 4:36
"Forever" (Tom Starr Remix) - 6:16
"Forever" (Hook 'N' Sling Remix) - 5:41
Promotional CD single
"Forever" (UK Radio Edit) - 2:52
"Forever" (Extended Mix) - 5:45
"Forever" (Tom Starr Remix) - 6:16
"Forever" (Hook 'N' Sling Remix) - 5:41
Chart positions
References
2011 singles
Will.i.am songs
Songs written by will.i.am
Hip house songs
Ministry of Sound singles
Wolfgang Gartner songs
The Peppermint Trolley Company was an American sunshine pop band known for their 1968 single "Baby You Come Rollin' 'Cross My Mind" as well as their performances on Mannix, The Beverly Hillbillies and their arrangement and performance of The Brady Bunch original theme song.
The Peppermint Trolley Company released one album and five singles on the Acta label, a subsidiary of Dot Records. The original line-up included Jimmy Faragher (vocals, bass, guitar), Danny Faragher (vocals, keyboards), Casey Cunningham (drums) and Patrick McClure (guitar, vocals). McClure was later replaced by Greg Tornquist. In 1969, Jimmy and Danny Faragher, Cunningham and Tornquist left their recording contract with Acta to form the rock/soul group, Bones.
History
The Peppermint Trolley Company was formed in Redlands, California in 1966, when they band the Mark V, consisting of members Danny Faragher, Jimmy Faragher, Steve Hauser, Dave Kelliher, Brad Madson and Dick Owens, teamed up with producer Dan Dalton, who urged the band to change its name. The Peppermint Trolley Company's name was originally proposed by Jimmy Faragher and chosen by a committee of the Mark V band members. The single "Lollipop Train" was released (with B-side "Bored to Tears") on Valiant Records.
In January 1967 the band broke up, leaving brothers Danny and Jimmy Faragher as the sole members. Recording continued and a deal was signed with Acta Records. The single "She's the Kind of Girl" was released in the spring of 1967. Casey Cunningham (drums) joined the band that June. The single "It's a Lazy Summer Day" was released the same month. Patrick McClure (guitar) joined shortly thereafter.
In the fall of 1967, Patrick McClure left the band and was replaced by Greg Tornquist (guitar). In November, recording began for "Baby You Come Rollin' Across My Mind", which was subsequently released in January 1968 and peaked at No. 59 on the Billboard 100 chart that summer, and No. 38 in Canada.
The single "Trust", written by Paul Williams and Roger Nichols, was released in September 1968, and the self-titled album The Peppermint Trolley Company was released that same month. While the album failed to chart, according to the liner notes of the 2009 reissue, "it sold well in many markets and can be easily found 40 years later, implying good distribution and multiple pressings."
In January 1969, The Peppermint Trolley Company left Acta Records and changed its name to Bones, going on to record two albums for Signpost Records and MCA.
Television appearances
The Peppermint Trolley Company made many notable television appearances, including Mannix, The Beverly Hillbillies, Happening '68 and Upbeat.
The Brady Bunch theme song
The Peppermint Trolley Company is credited with arranging and singing The Brady Bunch theme song for the show's pilot. After the band left Acta Records, the vocals were rerecorded and sung by studio singers Paul Parrish, John Beland and Lois Fletcher.
2009 re-issue
In 2009, the Peppermint Trolley Company's self-titled album was re-released on Now Sounds, a division of Cherry Red. Produced for reissue by Steve Stanley, Beautiful Sun contained all 11 of the original album's tracks as well as 16 bonus tracks, including many B-sides and singles from The Mark V.
Members
Final lineup
Jimmy Faragher – lead vocals, bass, occasional guitar (1965–1968)
Danny Faragher – keyboards, flute (1967–1968), vocals, harmonica (1965–1968); trombone (1965–1966)
Greg Tornquist – guitar, backing vocals (1967–1968)
Casey Cunningham – drums (1967–1968)
Previous members
Brad Madson – keyboards (1965–1967)
Dick Owens – drums (1965–1967)
Dave Kelliher – trumpet, guitar, backing vocals (1965–1967)
Steve Hauser – saxophone, flute, clarinet, backing vocals (1965–1967)
Patrick McClure – guitar, backing vocals (1967; died 2014)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
1968: The Peppermint Trolley Company
Compilations
2009: Beautiful Sun (self-titled 1968 album plus earlier singles and B-sides)
References
External links
Super Oldies biography on Peppermint Trolley Company
American pop music groups
Dot Records artists
Musical groups established in 1966
Musical groups disestablished in 1969
Musical groups from California
1966 establishments in California
Sunshine pop
The great thrush (Turdus fuscater) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. It is considered as the largest thrush in South America. The great thrush's size distinguishes it from the several other uniform slaty-colored thrushes in its range. It inhabits subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and high-altitude shrubland, but can also make use of degraded forest and urban areas.
Subspecies
Seven subspecies are recognized:
T. f. fuscater (d´Orbigny, Lafresnaye, 1837). The nominate subspecies can be found in west Bolivia.
T. f. cacozelus (Bangs, 1898). It can be found in the Santa Marta mountain range in Colombia.
T. f. clarus (Phelps, Phelps, 1953). Inhabits the frontier between Venezuela and Colombia, in the Sierra del Perijá.
T. f. quindio (Chapman, 1925). This subspecies is found in south Colombia and the north of Ecuador.
T. f. gigas (Fraser, 1841). It is native to the Andes mountains of Venezuela and Colombia.
T. f. gigantodes (Cabanis, 1873). It can be found from south Ecuador to central Peru.
T. f. ockendeni (Hellmayr, 1906). It can be found in southeast Peru.
Description
Adults are in length and weigh , averaging , making the species the largest member of the wide-ranging Turdus genus, and one of the largest thrushes although the Amami thrush and the blue whistling thrush may match or exceed it in size. It can be easily identified by its yellowish-orange beak and legs and yellow ring around the eye. Slight sexual dimorphism is sometimes present, with males having more strongly coloured legs and eye rings. Tail feathers are long. The plumage is black-brown, darker on wings and tail and pale on the belly. Juveniles are predominantly greenish gray with a pale belly and some spots of buff colour on the head and wings. Subspecies show subtle differences in colouration, with T. f. ockendeni being the darkest one, followed by T. f. quindio and T .f. gigantodes. The palest subspecies are T. f. gigas, T. f. cacozelus and T. f. fuscater. Albinistic specimens are known to exist but very rare.
Distribution and habitat
The species is a typical Andean highlands bird. Its range covers the Andes in western and northern Venezuela as far as Lara and Trujillo, the Andes of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and finally, northwest Bolivia. It occurs at altitudes of 1800–4000 meters.
The great thrush makes use of a variety of habitats, including open forest, backyards, parks, and even farmland with scattered trees or forest remnants. It also occurs at the edges of different classes of Andean forests, including humid montane, secondary and temperate forests. It is more likely to be found at altitudes above 2000 m. The species tends to avoid dry conditions and densely forested areas, but sometimes occurs on the edges of Andean páramo or in shrublands. It commonly inhabits urban habitats in the highlands, e.g. in Quito and Bogota. Populations are generally sedentary.
Ecology
The great thrush is a generalist feeder, principally foraging for fruits and berries but also taking invertebrates and even stealing eggs and nestlings. It tends to swallow fruits whole. It generally feeds on ground level, preferentially in short grass, but also visits fruiting trees and shrubs. Activity peaks are at dawn and dusk. When flushed, flight distance is usually short.
Adults become very territorial in the breeding season but can form groups of up to 40 individuals at other times of the year. It is probable that these groups form a communal perch in trees until the next breeding season comes.
Breeding occurs at different times of the year depending on locality - March–April in Venezuela, January–August in Colombia, October in Ecuador, and February and June in Peru. The nest is comparatively large and cup-shaped, made of small twigs, leaves, grass, and mud, and placed low in trees or shrubs. The female lays two eggs of pale blue-greenish colour with reddish spots, with an average size of 2 cm.
Songs and vocalizations
The species has a diverse variety of vocalizations. The song is soft and melodious, only performed during the breeding season, just before sunrise. It is characterized by quick and varied musical phrases ending in a very high note. When flushed or surprised, a short "keert" or a series of "kurt-kurt-kurt-kurt" are uttered. The bird can also perform a large and loud "kweep".
Conservation status
The great thrush is common in a variety of habitats throughout its wide range and has been classified as Least Concern by the IUCN. The species readily adapts to anthropogenic disturbances and can make use of urban, deforested or agricultural areas.
References
Bibliography
Carrión, Juan Manuel (2002). Aves de Quito, retratos y encuentros. Quito: SIMBIOE
Clement, Peter; Hathway, Ren; Byers, Clive; Wilezur, Jan (2000). Thrushes. London: A&C Black Publishers
del Hoyo, Josep; Elliott, Andrew; Cristie, David. eds. (2005). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Vol. 10. Cuckoo-shrikes to Thrushes. Barcelona: Lynx Edicions
Hilty, Steven; Brown, William; Tudor, Guy (2001). Guía de la Aves de Colombia. Bogota: American Bird Conservancy
Ridgely, Robert; Greenfield, Paul (2001). The Birds of Ecuador. Field Guide. Ithaca: Cornell University Press
Ridgely, Robert; Greenfield, Paul (2001). The Birds of Ecuador. Status, Distribution, and Taxonomy. Ithaca: Cornell University Press
Ridgely, Robert; Tudor, Guy (1989). The Birds of South America. Austin: University of Texas Press
great thrush
great thrush
Birds of the Northern Andes
great thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Mausoleum of Aga Khan is the mausoleum of Aga Khan III, Sir Sultan Muhammed Shah, who died in 1957. The mausoleum is located at Aswan along the Nile of Egypt, since Egypt was formerly the centre of power of the Fatimids, an Ismaili Shia dynasty.
The construction of the mausoleum began in 1956 and ended in 1960. The Aga Khan's wife, Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan, commissioned the construction of the mausoleum, which initially accepted tourists inside; however, the interior was closed off to the public in 1997.
A red rose is laid on the Aga Khan's tomb every day--a practice first started by Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan.
Site
The mausoleum sits atop a hill along the west bank of the Nile, where it overlooks Aga Khan III and Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan's villa, the Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan House. The villa was designed by Egyptian architect Hassan Fathy, and it served as a winter home for Aga Khan III, whose will state that they would be buried near the villa two years after their death.
Architectural style
Architect
Egyptian architect Farid Shafi'e (1907-1985) designed the mausoleum, who during their career served as an architectural designer; professor and director of the architecture department at Cairo University; and consultant for the King Abdulaziz University, among other roles. Among some of the other buildings that Farid Shafie designed during their career are the headquarters of the Royal Navy in Cairo; the Office of the Sheikh at the Al-Azhar Mosque; and a royal suite in the Abdeen Palace in Cairo.
Farid Shafi'e published numerous journal articles and books during their career, including an article about the Masjid al-Juyushi, the Fatimid building that the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III was designed to resemble. Some of Shafi'e's other publications include Characteristics of Decorated Wood in the Abbasid and Fatimid Styles (1954); Arabic Islamic Architecture: Its Past, Present and Future (1981); and Arab Architecture in Islamic Egypt, Volume 2: The Fatimid Era (1982). Shafi'e's past publications indicate that they had studied Fatimid architecture extensively prior to designing the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III.
Stylistic Influences
The Mausoleum of Aga Khan III was designed to resemble the Masjid al-Juyushi, a Fatimid mosque and dedicated mausoleum that was constructed in 1085. Both the Masjid al-Juyushi and the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III feature a rectangular layout with high walls, a central dome, and numerous smaller domes. Like the Masjid al-Juyushi, the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III also features an interior mihrab for prayer. Despite numerous functional and aesthetic similarities, the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III does not share some of the Masjid al-Juyushi's most revered features, such as its minaret, its muqarnas cornice, or its courtyard.
Based on aesthetic similarities, the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III's architectural style may have also looked to other examples of Fatimid architecture for inspiration, such as the Aswan Necropolis, a collection of tombs constructed between the 10th and 12th centuries. Both the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III and the Aswan Necropolis feature domes with octagonal transition zones, arched doorways, mihrabs, and building materials that blend in with the surrounding desert environment (the Aswan Necropolis tombs were mostly built with mud brick and coated with lime plaster).
Another Fatimid mausoleum that the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III may have looked to for inspiration is the Mashhad al-Sayyida Ruqayya, which was constructed in Cairo in 1133/527 AH. Like the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III, the Mashhad al-Sayyida Ruqayya features a dome with an octagonal transition zone as well as arched tracery windows with geometric patterns.
Given the many distinct shared features between the Mausoleum of Aga Khan III and various Fatimid mausoleums, it can be understood that the design of Aga Khan's mausoleum was largely influenced by Fatimid architecture.
Exterior Design
The Mausoleum of Aga Khan III is built of pink limestone. Crenellated parapets line the outer wall, and an arched doorway on the western side of mausoleum serves as the only entrance to the mausoleum's interior. The eastern side of the mausoleum features a large central dome with arched tracery windows along the octagonal drum. Four miniature domes are located on each corner of the outer wall.
Interior Design
Quran'ic inscriptions adorn the interior tomb of Aga Khan III, which is made of Carrara marble. The mausoleum's floor plan indicates that the tomb faces a mihrab, which is located under the central dome on the eastern wall of the mausoleum.
Burial of Aga Khan III
Aga Khan III was reburied in the mausoleum on February 20th, 1959, two years after their death and first burial in Switzerland. Those in attendance include Aga Khan IV, Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan, and over 2,000 other guests. Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan passed away in 2000 before being buried in the mausoleum neighboring that of their husband.
Gallery
See also
Fatimids
Nizari
Aga Khan
References
Mausoleums in Egypt
Aswan
Buildings and structures in Aswan Governorate
Berta chrysolineata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is widespread from the Indo-Australian tropics of India, Sri Lanka to the Solomons.
Description
The wingspan is about 20–26 mm. Hindwings of male with the outer margin excised between veins 6 and 4. Veins 3 and 4 stalked. Hind tibia of the male dilated with a fold and tuft and two pairs on spurs. Hindwings of female excised. It is an olive-green moth with a rufous frons. Vertex of head whitish. Abdomen with white dorsal spots. Wings with many irregular white spots often conjoined into bands. Forewings with spots at base and end of cell. Antemedial, oblique medial, sinuous submarginal and almost marginal series of spots. Hindwings with spots on basal area and end of cell. A curved medial series, and sinuous postmedial and submarginal series. Ventral side white.
Larvae have been recorded on Ricinus communis. Other food plants may include Nephelium species.<ref>{{cite web |last1=Herbison-Evans |first1=Don |last2=Crossley |first2=Stella |name-list-style=amp |date=24 October 2013 |url=http://lepidoptera.butterflyhouse.com.au/geom/chrysolineata.html |title=Berta chrysolineata'' Walker, [1863] |website=Australian Caterpillars and their Butterflies and Moths |accessdate=24 July 2018}}</ref>
SubspeciesBerta chrysolineata chrysolineata (Sri Lanka)Berta chrysolineata hainanensis Prout, 1912 (India to Seram and possibly New Guinea)Berta chrysolineata eccimena Prout, 1912 (Bismarck Islands)Berta chrysolineata leucospilota (Turner, 1904) (Australia)Berta chrysolineata fenestrata'' (Prout, 1913) (Solomon Islands)
References
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Hemitheini
Moths described in 1863
The BCIT School of Business + Media is a business school within the British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT). In 1965, the School of Business was founded and has campuses located in Burnaby and downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Programs are accredited by the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs.
History
1965 - BCIT is founded
1986 - The Peter Thomson Centre for Venture Development is created
1997 - The Downtown Vancouver campus opens
2001 - Bell Canada Enterprises (BCE) donates $1.5 million to create the BCE New Media Centre of Excellence
2014 - Centre of Excellence in Analytics is created
2021 - BCIT and Vancouver International Airport's research lab opens
Programs
The BCIT School of Business + Media offers over 130 credentials that can be completed full-time, part-time, or online. Certificates ladder into diplomas, which ladder into degrees.
Diplomas
The School of Business + Media has over 20 diploma programs that cover a wide range of business and media specializations. Some of the specializations include accounting, media communications, business administration, digital arts, marketing, and project management. Diplomas are completed in two years full-time or course-by-course on a part-time basis.
Bachelor Degrees
BCIT offers Bachelor of Business Administration and Bachelor of Accounting degrees. Students must complete a BCIT diploma program to enroll into a degree program. Students can complete a bachelor degree within three years by completing a two year diploma program and one additional year of business studies. Degree students can complete an international student exchange for a term or year.
Graduate Certificates
BCIT offers three graduate certificate programs: Business Administration (full-time), Business Analytics (part-time) and Global Leadership (full-time).
Campuses
Burnaby Campus
The Burnaby campus offers the majority of academic programing. Bachelor degrees, two year full-time diplomas, and part-time certificates are taught at the campus. The main campus is located at 3700 Willingdon Avenue, Burnaby.
Downtown Vancouver Campus
The Downtown Vancouver campus offers part-time business courses. The BCIT Downtown Vancouver Campus is located at 555 Seymour Street, Vancouver.
BCIT Learning Model
The BCIT School of Business + Media applied business education model prepares graduates for a business career. Students learn in a set of 25–30 other students during the year. Unlike universities, students are automatically enrolled in all of the courses required for that program once accepted into their program. Students maintain a heavy course load consisting of six to eight courses each semester. BCIT semesters are slightly longer than other local universities with the academic year ending in May and graduating in late June.
Business Consulting Projects
Business Consulting Projects are 10–16 weeks in duration and provide students the opportunity to work in a consulting role for a real business. A Business Consulting Project is different from traditional co-op or internship programs, as students fill an outside consulting role for an organization.
Internships and Practicums
During the final semester in the diploma programs, students participate in an internship or practicum. An internship program can help students apply their classroom knowledge in a work environment.
Advanced Placement and Prior Learning
BCIT provides course credit and advanced placement into diploma and degree programs. In 2014, the BCIT School of Business + Media provided course credit to McDonald's managers who completed courses through McDonald's own corporate training program. In 2015, the Royal Canadian Legion, donated $830,000 to the School of Business to fund the BCIT Legion Military Skills Conversion Program. This program helps Canadian veterans and reservists convert their military skills and knowledge into a business credential.
Student Clubs
Students within the BCIT School of Business + Media operate a number of student clubs that compete in regional and international case competitions. The clubs organize industry networking events, guest speakers, and charitable endeavours. The following student clubs are a part of the BCIT School of Business:
APICS
BCIT Human Resources Association
BCIT Financial Management Association (FMA)
BCIT Finance Association
BCIT Marketing Association (BCITMA) - Student chapter of the American Marketing Association
BCIT JDC West
BITMAN
Enactus BCIT
International Business Management
Meeting Professionals International (MPI)
Toastmasters International
International Programs
The BCIT School of Business + Media has international partnerships with over 20 business schools. It also organizes international field schools to Europe during the summer. BCIT students can spend a semester or year abroad by participating in an international student exchange. Dual degree programs are available for students to earn both a BCIT bachelor degree and an international bachelor degree simultaneously. International partnerships exist with the following schools:
Aarhus University, Institute of Technology (Denmark)
Artevelde University of Applied Sciences (Belgium)
Bremen University of Applied Sciences (Germany)
Ca' Foscari University of Venice (Italy)
Coventry University (England)
Fondazione CUOA (Italy)
Griffith University (Australia)
Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences (Finland)
Inholland University of Applied Sciences (The Netherlands)
International Christian University (Japan)
International University of Languages and Media Milan (Italy)
Kookmin University (South Korea)
Leonard De Vinci Pole Universitaire (France)
Linköping University (Sweden)
Munich University of Applied Sciences (Germany)
Ternopil National Economic University (Ukraine)
Toulouse Business School (France)
Toulouse Business School – Barcelona Campus (Spain)
University of Applied Sciences and Arts Northwestern Switzerland (Switzerland)
University of Applied Sciences Berlin (Germany)
University of Applied Sciences of Vienna (Austria)
University of Applied Sciences Upper Austria (Austria)
University for Development (Chile)
Del Rosario University (Colombia)
University of Bologna (Italy)
University of Gloucestershire (England)
University of Northampton (England)
Notable alumni
Colin Basran, Mayor of Kelowna
TC Carling, VP, Hockey Administration, Entertainment & Content, Canucks Sports & Entertainment
Arthur Griffiths, CEO, Griffiths Sports Ltd.
Jill Krop, News Director and Station Manager, Global BC
Mike Killeen, News Anchor, CTV
Samantha Legge, President, Canada Wide Media
Gloria Macarenko, New Anchor, CBC
Clint Mahlman, COO, London Drugs
Wynne Powell, CEO (retired), London Drugs
John Shorthouse, Broadcaster, Sportsnet
Tamara Taggart, News Anchor, CTV
See also
British Columbia Institute of Technology
External links
BCIT School of Business + Media
References
Business schools in Canada
British Columbia Institute of Technology
1965 establishments in Canada
Grøndahl or Gröndahl or Grondahl is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Agathe Backer-Grøndahl (1847–1907), Norwegian pianist and composer
Britta Gröndahl (1914–2002), Swedish writer and anarcho-syndicalist
Cathrine Grøndahl (born 1969), Norwegian poet
Jan Grøndahl (born 1934), Norwegian police chief and civil servant
Jens Christian Grøndahl (born 1959), Danish writer
Kåre Grøndahl Hagem (1915–2008), Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party
Kelpo Gröndahl (1920–1994), Finnish wrestler from Pori in the Satakunta region
Kirsti Kolle Grøndahl (born 1943), Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, currently County Governor of Buskerud
Launy Grøndahl (1886–1960), Danish composer and conductor
Mick Grøndahl (born 1968), Danish-American bass guitarist
Roope Gröndahl (born 1989), Finnish pianist trained at the Sibelius Academy
See also
18016 Grondahl (1999 JU122) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on May 13, 1999
Bing & Grøndahl, Danish porcelain manufacturer founded in 1853 by the sculptor Frederik Vilhelm Grøndahl and merchant brothers Meyer Hermann Bing and Jacob Herman Bing
The Observant Order of Greyfriars (or Greyfriars) was a friary of the Franciscan Order located in the Scottish city of Perth. It was founded by Laurence Oliphant, 1st Lord Oliphant, in 1496 and destroyed on 11 May 1559 following the Scottish Reformation, started by John Knox in their sermon at Perth's St John's Kirk, just a few hundred yards to the north.
The monastery's location is now partly occupied by the Greyfriars Burial Ground, established in 1580. In 1997, when proposals were made to dismantle and rebuild the cemetery's eastern wall, two test pits were dug by the Scottish Urban Archaeological Trust (SUAT). One of the pits found what is believed to be the original monastery wall foundations. A "succession of wall foundations" hinted at several wall replacement and repair efforts undertaken during the monastery's lifespan, each raising the ground level. Medieval pottery was also discovered, likely associated with the soil of lower garden abutting the original monastery wall. The other pit demonstrated a lack of a progression of wall foundations, confirming that that area was inside the 1795 graveyard extension and outside the original monastery grounds. The second pit also showed signs of infilling or levelling layers, possibly from when a burn, which ran along the burial ground's southern wall, was covered with soil.
See also
Blackfriars, Perth
References
1496 establishments in Scotland
1559 disestablishments in Scotland
Franciscan monasteries in Scotland
History of Perth, Scotland
Religious buildings and structures in Perth, Scotland
Religion in Perth and Kinross
Demolished buildings and structures in Scotland
Former Christian monasteries in Scotland
Sylvester James Jowett (27 January 1926 – 1986) was an English amateur footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City, and was on the books of Sheffield United without making a league appearance. They died in Salisbury, Wiltshire in 1986.
References
1926 births
1986 deaths
Association football forwards
English Football League players
English footballers
Sheffield United F.C. players
Footballers from Sheffield
York City F.C. players
The men's sanda 60 kg competition at the 2017 Summer Universiade was held between August 26 and August 29, 2017, at the Hsinchu County Gym, Hsinchu County, Taiwan.
Schedule
Results
References
Wushu at the Summer Universiade
Urban semiotics is the study of meaning in urban form as generated by signs, symbols, and their social connotations.
Overview
Most urban semiotic theory is based on social semiotics, which considers social connotations, including meanings related to ideology and power structures, in addition to denotative meanings of signs. As such, urban semiotics focuses on material objects of the built environment, such as streets, squares, parks, and buildings, but also unbuilt cultural products such as building codes, planning documents, unbuilt designs, real estate advertising, and popular discourse about the city, such as architectural criticism and real estate blogs.
Theorists who take a social semiotic approach to urban semiotics define their discipline in opposition to the methods of behavioral geography, beginning with the work of Kevin Lynch in The Image of the City, which they criticize for being limited by its exclusive focus on the denotative level of communication (recognition of spatial elements, such as paths, as conceptual objects), ignoring the connotative meanings associated with urban forms; instead, urban semioticians argue that urban structures often become recognizable because they have symbolic meaning beyond their functional meanings. The social semiotic approach to urban semiotics also grew out of a critique of architectural semiotics, which was perceived to be overly attached to linguistic models of semiosis and thus unable to adequately consider the social connotations of signs.
Some theorists have used semiotic models in empirical studies of the construction of meaning in urban environments. Raymond Ledrut has used questionnaires and interviews about viewers' responses to sets of photographs in order to examine the role of class in shaping mental models of the city. Martin Krampen conducted studies of photograph recognition in order to discover the level of facade detail required to identify building types, and to examine the role of socioeconomic status in shaping preference for building styles.
Associated authors
Roland Barthes
Francoise Choay
Umberto Eco
Mark Gottdiener
Algirdas Julien Greimas
Martin Krampen
Alexandros Lagopoulos
Raymond Ledrut
Henri Lefebvre
References
Further reading
Gottdiener, M. and Alexandros Ph. Lagopoulos, eds. The City and the Sign: An Introduction to Urban Semiotics. New York: Columbia University Press, 1986.
Gottdiener. Urban Semiotics (essay)
Krampen, Martin. Meaning in the Urban Environment. London: Pion, 1979.
Urban geography
Environmental studies
Semiotics
Jonty Maree Bush (born 25 June 1979) is an Australian politician currently serving as the Labor member for Cooper in the Queensland Legislative Assembly. Bush is a former public servant and community advocate, having served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Queensland Homicide Victims Support Group and was a manager in the Office of the Public Guardian, Victim Assist Queensland, and the Queensland Department of Justice and Attorney-General. They were awarded the 2009 Young Australian of the Year Award and was a member of the Queensland Sentencing Advisory Council between 2010 and 2012.
Early life and education
Born and raised in Austins Ferry, Tasmania, Bush attended Sunshine Coast University to earn a bachelor's degree in business and graduated from Griffith University in Queensland with a criminology master's degree.
Career
Community advocacy
In 2000, Bush joined the Queensland Homicide Victims Support Group as a volunteer after the deaths of their father and sister to violence. During their time with the company, Bush was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 2007 and initiated an anti-violence campaign called One Punch Can Kill. In 2009, Bush moved to Brisbane and worked in youth violence prevention. The following year, Bush created a website on anti-violence awareness. In 2012, Bush started Project 24, which focuses on fundraising for agencies that specialise in gender-based violence prevention. From June 2015 to June 2016, Bush worked on creating an online service called Kintsugi Centre that connects Australians who are experiencing trauma with psychotherapists.
Public service
Outside of advocacy, Bush was a member of the Queensland Sentencing Advisory Council from 2010 to 2012. Bush then joined the Queensland Public Service in 2010 as the Community Liaison and Research Officer of Victim Assist Queensland, an agency of the Queensland Department of Justice and Attorney-General. From 2015 to 2015, they then worked as the Principal Program Officer responsible for the Queensland Victim Coordination Program. In 2015, Bush joined the Office of the Public Guardian as the Practice Manager and then served as the Director of the Community Visitor Program from 2017 to 2018. From 2018 to 2020, Bush served as the Director of the Strategic Support Office for the Criminal Justice System Reform Framework Program Management Office in the Queensland Department of the Premier and Cabinet. In 2019, Bush also served as Acting Director of Victim Assist Queensland.
Brisbane City Council candidacy
At the 2020 Brisbane City Council election, Bush ran for the Enoggera Ward and was defeated by incumbent councillor Andrew Wines, despite a swing towards them
State Parliament
In September 2020, Bush took Kate Jones's place as the Labor candidate for the electoral district of Cooper at the 2020 Queensland state election and was successful, winning their seat with a 10.5% margin. They serve a member of the Parliament's Legal Affairs and Safety Committee.
Labor Party executive
Bush was elected a vice-president of the Australian Labor Party Queensland Branch in 2020.
Personal life
Bush is in a de facto partnership and has four children.
Awards and honours
Bush won the 2009 Young Australian of the Year Award recognising their work in advocacy for victims of crime in Queensland.
References
1979 births
Living people
Griffith University alumni
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century Australian women politicians
People from Hobart
20th-century Australian people
Selenocephalini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. Deltocephalinae contains 21 genera and around 200 species divided into four subtribes: Adamina, Dwightlina, Ianeirina and Selenocephalina.
Genera
There are 21 genera divided into four subtribes within Selenocephalini:
Subtribe Adamina
Adama
Subtribe Dwightlina
Dwightla
Subtribe Ianeirina
Subtribe Selenocephalina
References
Deltocephalinae
Facets () are flat faces on geometric shapes. The organization of naturally occurring facets was key to early developments in crystallography, since they reflect the underlying symmetry of the crystal structure. Gemstones commonly have facets cut into them in order to improve their appearance by allowing them to reflect light.
Facet arrangements
Of the hundreds of facet arrangements that have been used, the most famous is probably the round brilliant cut, used for diamond and many colored gemstones. This first early version of what would become the modern Brilliant Cut is said to have been devised by an Italian named Peruzzi, sometime in the late 17th century. Later on, the first angles for an "ideal" cut diamond were calculated by Marcel Tolkowsky in 1919. Slight modifications have been made since then, but angles for "ideal" cut diamonds are still similar to Tolkowsky's formula. Round brilliants cut before the advent of "ideal" angles are often referred to as "Early round brilliant cut" or "Old European brilliant cut" and are considered poorly cut by today's standards, though there is still interest in them from collectors. Other historic diamond cuts include the "Old Mine Cut" which is similar to early versions of the round brilliant, but has a rectangular outline, and the "Rose Cut" which is a simple cut consisting of a flat, polished back, and varying numbers of angled facets on the crown, producing a faceted dome. Sometimes a 58th facet, called a culet is cut on the bottom of the stone to help prevent chipping of the pavilion point. Earlier brilliant cuts often have very large culets, while modern brilliant cut diamonds generally lack the culet facet, or it may be present in minute size.
Cutting facets
The art of cutting a gem is an exacting procedure performed on a faceting machine. The ideal product of facet cutting is a gemstone that displays a pleasing balance of internal reflections of light known as brilliance, strong and colorful dispersion which is commonly referred to as "fire", and brightly colored flashes of reflected light known as scintillation. Typically transparent to translucent stones are faceted, although opaque materials may occasionally be faceted as the luster of the gem will produce appealing reflections. Pleonaste (black spinel) and black diamond are examples of opaque faceted gemstones.
Facet angles
The angles used for each facet play a crucial role in the final outcome of a gem. While the general facet arrangement of a particular gemstone cut may appear the same in any given gem material, the angles of each facet must be carefully adjusted to maximize the optical performance. The angles used will vary based on the refractive index of the gem material. When light passes through a gemstone and strikes a polished facet, the minimum angle possible for the facet to reflect the light back into the gemstone is called the critical angle. If the ray of light strikes a surface lower than this angle, it will leave the gem material instead of reflecting through the gem as brilliance. These lost light rays are sometimes referred to as "light leakage", and the effect caused by it is called "windowing" as the area will appear transparent and without brilliance. This is especially common in poorly cut commercial gemstones. Gemstones with higher refractive indexes generally make more desirable gemstones, the critical angle decreases as refractive indices increase, allowing for greater internal reflections as the light is less likely to escape.
The faceting machine
This machine uses a motor-driven plate to hold a precisely flat disk (known as a "lap") for the purpose of cutting or polishing. Diamond abrasives bonded to metal or resin are typically used for cutting laps, and a wide variety of materials are used for polishing laps in conjunction with either very fine diamond powder or oxide-based polishes. Water is typically used for cutting, while either oil or water is used for the polishing process.
The machine uses a system generally called a "mast" which consists of an angle readout, height adjustment and typically a gear (called an "index gear") with a particular number of teeth is used as a means of setting the rotational angle. The angles of rotation are evenly divided by the number of teeth present on the gear, though many machines include additional means of adjusting the rotational angle in finer increments, often called a "cheater". The stone is bonded to a (typically metal) rod known as a "dop" or "dop stick" and is held in place by part of the mast referred to as the "quill".
The modern faceting process
The dopped stone is ground at precise angles and indexes on cutting laps of progressively finer grit, and then the process is repeated a final time to polish each facet. Accurate repetition of angles in the cutting and polishing process is aided by the angle readout and index gear. The physical process of polishing is a subject of debate. One commonly accepted theory is that the fine abrasive particles of a polishing compound produce abrasions smaller than the wavelengths of light, thus making the minute scratches invisible. Since gemstones have two sides (the crown and pavilion), a device often called a "transfer jig" is used to flip the stone so that each side may be cut and polished.
Other methods
Cleaving relies on planar weaknesses of the chemical bonds in the crystal structure of a mineral. If a sharp blow is applied at the correct angle, the stone may split cleanly apart. While cleaving is sometimes used to split uncut gemstones into smaller pieces, it is never used to produce facets. Cleaving of diamonds was once common, but as the risk of damaging a stone is too high, undesirable diamond pieces often resulted. The preferred method of splitting diamonds into smaller pieces is now sawing.
An older and more primitive style of faceting machine called a jamb peg machine used wooden dop sticks of precise length and a "mast" system consisting of a plate with holes carefully placed in it. By placing the back end of the dop into one of the many holes, the stone could be introduced to the lap at precise angles. These machines took considerable skill to operate effectively.
Another method of facet cutting involves the use of cylinders to produce curved, concave facets. This technique can produce many unusual and artistic variations of the traditional faceting process.
Natural faceting
Many crystals naturally grow in faceted shapes. For instance, common table salt forms cubes and quartz forms hexagonal prisms. These characteristic shapes are a consequence of the crystal structure of the material and the surface energy, as well as the general conditions under which the crystal formed.
The Bravais lattice of the crystal structure defines a set of possible "low-energy planes", which are usually planes on which the atoms are close-packed. For instance, a cubic crystal may have low-energy planes on the faces of the cube or on the diagonals. The planes are low-energy in the sense that if the crystal is cleaved along these planes, there will be relatively few broken bonds and a relatively small increase in energy over the unbroken crystal. Equivalently, these planes have a low surface energy. The planes with the lowest energy will form the largest facets, in order to minimize the overall thermodynamic free energy of the crystal. If the surface energy as a function of the planes is known, the equilibrium shape of the crystal may be found via the Wulff construction.
Growth conditions, including the surface the crystal is growing on top of (the substrate), may change the expected shape of the crystal; for instance, if the base of the crystal is under stress from the substrate, this may favor the crystal growing taller rather than growing outwards along the substrate. The surface energy, including the relative energies of the different planes, depend on many factors including the temperature, the composition of the surroundings (e.g. humidity), and the pressure.
See also
Diamond cuts
Princess cut
References
External links
Gem faceting process — Step-by-step pictures from rough stone to faceted gem.
Gemology
Crystallography
The Dub Room Special is a film produced by Frank Zappa for direct-to-video release in October, 1982. The video combines footage from a performance at the KCET studios in Los Angeles on August 27, 1974, a concert performed at The Palladium, New York City on October 31, 1981, some clay animation by Bruce Bickford, and several interviews. The 1974 footage was originally conceived as part of the TV special A Token of Their Extreme. The entire production was edited in the "Dub Room" at Compact Video at a post-production facility in Burbank, California. A few of the Compact Video staff have brief appearances.
The videocassette was released in 1983, simultaneously with "Baby Snakes", only available through mail-order with a $49.98 price tag and quickly sold out. It was reissued on DVD on October 17, 2005. In 2007 a soundtrack with the same name was released. In 2013 the original "A Token Of Their Extreme" video was released on DVD.
Track listing
"Kim?"/The Dog Breath Variations/Uncle Meat
Room Service
Nig Biz
Approximate
Cosmik Debris
Cocaine Decisions
"The Massimo Bassoli Instant Italian Lesson"/Montana
"In Case You Didn't Know"/Tengo Na Minchia Tanta
Florentine Pogen
Stevie's Spanking
Stink-Foot
Flakes
Inca Roads
Easy Meat
"Huh-Huh-Huh"
The following sections were deleted from the original video release:
Zappa talking about Compact Video (originally preceded Room Service)
Intermission after Florentine Pogen, with title cards and Zappa talking about bad continuity
Musicians
August 1974 band
Frank Zappa - Guitar, vocals and percussion
George Duke - Keyboards and vocals
Ruth Underwood - Percussion
Chester Thompson - Drums
Tom Fowler - Bass
Napoleon Murphy Brock - Flute, saxophone and vocals
October 1981 band
Frank Zappa - Lead guitar and vocals
Ray White - Guitar and vocals
Steve Vai - Guitar and vocals
Tommy Mars - Keyboards and vocals
Bobby Martin - Keyboards, saxophone and vocals
Ed Mann - Percussion and vocals
Scott Thunes - Bass and vocals
Chad Wackerman - Drums
External links
Info at globalia.net
1983 video albums
1983 direct-to-video films
1983 films
1982 animated films
1982 films
American films with live action and animation
Films directed by Frank Zappa
1980s musical films
Films scored by Frank Zappa
Films set in 1974
Films set in 1981
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in New York City
Clay animation films
Films using stop-motion animation
1980s stop-motion animated films
1980s English-language films
Observation seaplanes are military aircraft with flotation devices allowing them to land on and take off from water. Their primary purpose was to observe and report enemy movements or to spot the fall of shot from naval artillery, but some were armed with machineguns or bombs. Their military usefulness extended from World War I through World War II. They were typically single-engine machines with catapult-launch capability and a crew of one, two or three. Most were designed to be carried aboard warships, but they also operated from seashore harbors.
Purpose and history
As the range of dreadnought battleship guns exceeded the distance from which shipboard personnel could observe shell splashes, observation aircraft were employed to:
locate targets
observe fall of shot for trajectory correction of large caliber naval artillery, and
assess damage to enemy ships.
Wartime experience following the 1916 Battle of Jutland indicated additional usefulness for:
directing submarines to positions for torpedo kill-shots on disabled enemy capital ships
search and rescue missions, and
air cover for infantry landing operations.
As aircraft carriers replaced battleships during World War II, observation seaplanes became vulnerable to radar-directed fighter aircraft and were reassigned for:
reconnaissance and photo intelligence gathering,
liaison, and
radio communication support for local activities including amphibious operations.
Their shipboard roles were replaced by helicopters following the second world war.
Catapult and recovery procedures
After the plane was fueled and the engine warmed up, or the engine oil pre-heated, the pilot and observer would climb into their aircraft and rev the engine at full throttle. If the instrument panel readings were satisfactory, the pilot would brace for takeoff and signal the catapult operator they were ready. The United States Navy catapult used a smokeless powder charge to accelerate the plane to per hour. (0 to 80 in one-half second)
A capital ship preparing to recover its aircraft would steam into the wind and signal the aviator which way it would turn across the wind to provide a sheltered landing surface. When the plane was in position the ship would turn so the plane could land on the lee side as close as possible to the ship. The ship would tow a net along the water surface from a boom on the lee side, and the plane would taxi over the net so a hook on the underside of the float would engage the net allowing the plane to cut power and minimize relative movement of the plane with respect to the ship while the ship's crane hoisted the plane aboard.
United States
Two early aircraft assembled by Glenn Curtiss prior to formation of the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company arrived aboard on 24 April 1914 under the command of Henry C. Mustin to conduct aerial reconnaissance during the United States occupation of Veracruz. This was the first operational use of naval aircraft and the first time U.S. aviators of any service were the target of ground fire. On 5 November 1915 Mustin pioneered United States Navy catapult operations piloting an AB-2 seaplane launched from the cruiser . Interest in aerial observation increased as combat experience during first world war naval engagements demonstrated the inability of shipboard observers to accurately report fall of shot from the engagement range of dreadnought battleships. Nine Vought VE-7s were delivered in 1924 to be launched from battleship catapults. Subsequent design improvements were the Vought FU and Vought O2U Corsair. A few Berliner-Joyce OJ float planes were built for the Omaha class light cruiser catapults.
The Curtiss SOC Seagull became the dominant United States Navy catapult seaplane in 1935, until the number of Vought OS2U Kingfishers manufactured during the second world war exceeded the total production of all previous United States Navy observation seaplanes. In the absence of gunnery engagements with other warships, capital ships' observation seaplanes were used to spot naval gunfire support; but they proved so vulnerable to land-based fighters during the amphibious invasion of Sicily that their pilots flew conventional fighters spotting gunfire for the invasion of Normandy. A few Curtiss SC Seahawks remained operational into the late 1940s until helicopters became reliable enough to replace observation seaplanes.
United Kingdom
The first seaplane used in a naval battle was a Short Type 184 launched from in the opening stages of the 1916 Battle of Jutland. The plane was forced down by a broken fuel line after locating a few cruisers, and the clumsy procedure of finding calm water to offload and launch took so long that Engadines other planes were unable to meaningfully participate. This experience encouraged development of the Fairey III to be operated from aircraft carriers. The Supermarine Seagull II was the first British aircraft to be catapulted launched in 1925. This design was improved as the Supermarine Walrus serving aboard capital ships of the Royal Navy through the second world war. Royal Navy preference for the flying boat fuselage was unusual among the shipboard observation seaplanes of the major naval powers.
Japan
When the Washington Naval Treaty left Japan with fewer capital ships than the United States or the United Kingdom, the country focused on aviation as a means of balancing naval power. Although only the Mitsubishi F1Ms were officially designated observation seaplanes, there were numerous similar reconnaissance seaplanes prefixed with the letter E rather than F. Japan produced observation and reconnaissance seaplanes in larger numbers and greater diversity than any other nation.
The first Japanese design was the Nakajima E2N in 1927. Increasing numbers of Nakajima E4Ns, Kawanishi E7Ks, and Nakajima E8Ns were manufactured before the Aichi E13A was produced in similar numbers to the American OS2U Kingfisher. Each of the cruisers carried six seaplanes for the Kidō Butai reconnaissance role to allow the full complement of aircraft carrier planes to focus on their attack role. In addition to launching from capital ships, these Japanese seaplanes operated from fast seaplane tenders providing aviation support similar to aircraft carriers during fleet activities and amphibious operations.
Imperial Japanese Navy formalized B(Shipboard Attackers), C(Shipboard Reconnaissance), D(Shipboard Bomber), E(Reconnaissance Seaplane), F(Observation Seaplane), H(Flying Boat), N(Fighter Seaplane), R(Land-based Reconnaissance), Q(Maritime Patrol) and M(Special Purpose) classifications among others in the 1920s with different and overlapping requirements.
F Class
The F class planes were required to fly and climb fast with a level of defense including armament and in-combat maneuverability. This requirement was not only for the traditional spotter functions but also for
1. Air cover for local operations away from a fleet, and
2. Repelling of enemy reconnaissance planes.
In contrast, a long operational range was the C, E, R and Q class primary requirement with less regard to armament and maneuverability.
Ministry of Navy issued a design request based on the F requirement in 1935, and comparative evaluation was carried out among F1A(Aichi), F1M(Mitsubishi) and F1K(Kawanishi) in flight testing. After a modification, Mitsubishi F1M won the Navy production contract with excellent climb rate and maneuverability, and went into service in 1941 with a formal Navy type designation "Type Zero Observation Aircraft". For a plane with floats, F1M2 performance was beyond expectations at the time with 9min36sec to 5000m climb rate, and especially its maneuverability in dog-fights where pilots rated it superior to the Zero Fighter-converted fighter seaplane A6M2-N, which often surprised the US fighter pilots in the early stages of the Pacific Theater of WWII.
The 3 machine gun armament, high rate of climb and maneuverability of F1M2 proved versatile for liaison and search & rescue purposes as well in the deteriorating trends in the war with a good survivability, and the biplane remained onboard cruisers and battleships until the end of the war in 1945. Because of the success of F1M2 design, no further design request in this category was issued by the Navy. However, more armament and speed were increasingly required for the E Class in the later stages of war.
Submarine-based Seaplane
This class of seaplanes was not pioneered in Japan (Cox-Klemin XS was made in the US in 1922, British Parnall Peto flew in 1925, and Arado Ar 231 was tried in 1941 by Germany) but this category uniquely reached deployment in Japan. The Yokosuka E6Y, Watanabe E9W and Yokosuka E14Y were specially designed to be carried and launched by submarines, and this series was further developed into submarine launched dive bomber / torpedo attacker Aichi M6A with maximum speed of and over range, that was more than capable of observation/reconnaissance roles.
Germany
German rearmament in the 1930s included Heinkel They 60, Heinkel They 114 and Arado Ar 196 float planes for launch from the catapults of the Kriegsmarines capital ships. A few later operated aboard merchant raiders.
Comparison of ship-launched seaplanes
The following is not an exhaustive list, but compares the observation and reconnaissance seaplanes produced in the greatest numbers.
Sources
Reconnaissance aircraft
Seaplanes
Savvas Theodoridis (; 18 February 1935 – 17 August 2020) was a Greek football player who played as a goalkeeper for Olympiacos and the Greece national team. They were also a member of the Olympic team that participated in the qualification games for the 1960 Summer Olympics playing in all 4 games, where Greece finished last in their respective group.
Honours
Olympiacos
Panhellenic Championship: 1954–55, 1955–56, 1956–57, 1957–58, 1958–59
Greek Cup: 1956–57, 1957–58, 1958–59, 1959–60, 1960–61
Piraeus FCA Championship: 1954, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1959
References
1935 births
2020 deaths
Greek footballers
Greece international footballers
Olympiacos F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Athens
Baptanodon is an ichthyosaur of the Late Jurassic period (160-156 million years ago), named for its supposed lack of teeth (although teeth of this genus have since been discovered). It had a graceful long dolphin-shaped body, and its jaws were well adapted for catching squid. Major fossil finds of this genus have been recorded in North America. The type species, Sauranodon natans, was originally included under Sauranodon in 1879, but this name was preoccupied.
Discovery and species
Baptanodon is a replacement name for Sauranodon applied to ichthyosaur material in 1879 and was moved to its own genus Baptanodon in 1880 when Sauranodon was found to be preoccupied.
Baptanodon was considered a junior synonym of Ophthalmosaurus by Maisch & Matzke (2000). However, cladistic analyses published in the 2010s indicate that Baptanodon is not congeneric with Ophthalmosaurus icenicus.
Classification
The cladogram below follows Fischer et al. 2012.
Palaeobiology
Fossils of Baptanodon have been found in the Oxfordian-age Sundance Formation of Wyoming, which also has yielded fossils of the cryptoclidids Tatenectes and Pantosaurus, and the pliosaurid Megalneusaurus.
See also
List of ichthyosaurs
Timeline of ichthyosaur research
References
Ophthalmosaurinae
Late Jurassic ichthyosaurs
Jurassic reptiles of North America
Late Jurassic extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 1880
Ichthyosauromorph genera
Badimalika Municipality (Nepali: बडिमालिका नगरपालिका) is a newly formed municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March, 2017 as decided by the Cabinet in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015
History
The name of this municipality is derived from the name of the famous religious place Badimalika Mai located in Triveni Municipality of this district.
It is formed by merging previous 3 VDC named Martadi, Budiganga and Jugada.
Area and Population
The population of this municipality is about 16,818 with 3,446 household. The average size of household is 4.88. It is the least populated municipality among other municipalities of Bajura district, while it is the largest municipality on the basis of area. The total area of this municipality is (107 sq mi.).
Mardati Bazzar is the local trade center of this municipality. District hospital and many other government offices are also located here.
Geography
This municipality is located in the middle of Bajura district. It has Budhinanda Municipality in the East, Gaumul Rural Municipality, Chhededaha Rural Municipality and Budhiganga Municipality in the West, Budhinanda Municipality in the North while Triveni Municipality in the South.
References
Nepal municipalities established in 2017
Bajura District
Municipalities in Bajura District
Anobrium fasciatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2002. It is known from Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2002
Roosevelt Township may refer to:
Roosevelt Township, Pocahontas County, Iowa, in Pocahontas County, Iowa
Roosevelt Township, Decatur County, Kansas
Roosevelt Township, Beltrami County, Minnesota
Roosevelt Township, Crow Wing County, Minnesota
Roosevelt Township, Renville County, North Dakota, in Renville County, North Dakota
Township name disambiguation pages
Jesús Salgado (February 5, 1873 – February 14, 1920) was a revolutionary leader and soldier in the Mexican Revolution, sometimes called the "Guerrero Zapata". They initially supported Francisco Madero but in 1911 threw their support behind Emiliano Zapata and remained loyal to the Zapatista cause until their death in 1919.
Early life
Salgado was born to Ponciano Salgado and Maria de Jesus Hernandez, a middle-class family, in the village of Los Sauces in the district of Teloloapan in Guerrero in 1873.
With Madero
In March 1911, in Apaxtla, they joined the Maderista movement against the dictatorial rule of Porfirio Diaz. Initially Salgado only had 55 men with them but this soon grew to more than three hundred. With this group of their own guerrillas they took the town of Iguala for Madero, as well as Tetela del Rio and Arcelia in mid April, and then Tlalchapa, Ajuchitlán and San Miguel Totolapan by the end of the month.
In November 1911 the archaeologist and mineralogist William Niven passed through Guerrero and was stopped by Salgado's rebels. Learning of their presence, Salgado expressed an interest in meeting the famous explorer but by the time Salgado's courier reached Niven, they had gone too far down the Balsas river. Salgado however guaranteed Niven free passage through their territory. A later encounter between Niven and Salgadistas, while tense (the rebels "bought" the explorers' weapons) ended amicably with both parties exchanging cries of "Viva Salgado!".
Independent chief in Guerrero
Initially, they remained more or less an independent guerrilla leader, although they generally supported and admired Zapata. Unsatisfied with Madero's actions as president, Salgado remained in the field in 1912 and led a 3,000 strong rebel armies in the southern state of Oaxaca in an agrarian uprising. According to the account given to Niven, Salgado rose in revolt against Madero because Madero had appointed Ambrosio Figureoa, Salgado's enemy, as governor of Guerrero. Subsequently Figureoa had Salgado temporarily imprisoned in Mexico City and burned down their house in Iguala.
Both in Guerrero and Oaxaca Salgado recruited troops from the peasants by promising them rich landowners' land, which was to be divided amongst them after the revolution. As a result, many of their soldiers engaged in immediate seizures and generally were a lot more undisciplined than other Zapatista troops. According to Frank McLynn, the Selgado revolt often shaded from a political one into straight forward banditry.
With Zapata
Salgado came under Zapata's direct orders when they signed on to the Plan of Ayala in 1913. In 1914, they joined the fight against the coup d'état of Victoriano Huerta. In early February 1914 they were charged by Zapata with planning the attack on the capital of Guerrero, Chilpancingo. They subsequently led 5,000 Zapatista troops in the successful taking of the capital. After the battle, they were made the provisional governor of Guerrero based on Article 13 of the Plan of Ayala. They took office in March, purged the local bureaucracy and minted Zapatista pesos with silver from Guerrero's mines, but then delegated most of the day-to-day operations of running Guerrero to their subordinates and continued as a military field general.
They moved their troops to the northern part of Guerrero, took Iguala again (this time for Zapata), Taxco and, Buenavista de Cuéllar. In 1915, together with Genovevo de la O, Salgado led an offensive against troops of Venustiano Carranza.
Death
Salgado died February 14, 1920 in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains, fighting the troops of Carranza.
References
1873 births
1920 deaths
Mexican generals
Military personnel killed in action
Military personnel from Guerrero
Zapatistas
Nicholas Groff (born April 19, 1980) is an American paranormal investigator, musician, and television personality. Groff was the lead investigator for the television series Paranormal Lockdown. They were a co-investigator, executive producer, editor and cameraman on Ghost Adventures from seasons 1–10.
Early life
On April 19, 1980, Nick Groff was born in San Jose, California. Raised in New England, they have been fascinated with the paranormal since childhood, because of their passion for horror movies and some inexplicable experiences within their home and family. Two years after a near-death experience, while at home alone, they say they saw a ghostly black figure. In a 2012 interview, Groff questioned, "Was it my imagination? Or was it something from my accident that made me more open to their world?"
Career
Ghost Adventures
In 2004, Nick Groff teamed up with Zak Bagans and Aaron Goodwin to produce a documentary-style series called Ghost Adventures. On November 24, 2014, Groff announced that they would not be returning to Ghost Adventures for the upcoming season.
Other projects
Groff has since produced their own series, Ghost Stalkers (2014) and Paranormal Lockdown (2016–19), in which they were the lead investigator and executive producer.
Filmography
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American documentary film producers
American male musicians
American reality television producers
American television hosts
Male actors from San Jose, California
Paranormal investigators
People from Nashua, New Hampshire
University of Nevada, Las Vegas alumni
Ghost Adventures
Television producers from California
Film producers from California
WWMY (102.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, simulcasting WMMY 106.1 FM Jefferson, North Carolina. Licensed to Beech Mountain, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Curtis Media Group and features programming from CBS News Radio.
History
After buying WJTP in 1996, Steve Rondinaro's Rondinaro Broadcasting changed that station's call letters to WECR and started WECR-FM, along with buying WXIT.
In 2003, the stations were sold to Aisling Broadcasting (Jonathon Hoffman, managing member) for $2.2 million.
This added to Aisling's holdings since they had also purchased in September 2003 (from Highland Communications) WATA & WZJS for a price of $2.2 million, and WMMY (from Dale Hendrix) in 2004 for $1.58 million.
Aisling went into receivership, and George Reed of Media Services Group was appointed to manage the stations until a buyer was found. Later in the year, Curtis Media Group purchased the stations.
On February 24, 2013, WECR-FM changed their format from adult contemporary Mix 102.3 to country, simulcasting WMMY 106.1 FM. On February 28, 2014, the station changed their call sign to the current WWMY.
Previous logo
References
External links
WMY
Country radio stations in the United States
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly is a title commonly held by presiding officers of parliamentary bodies styled legislative assemblies. The office is most widely used in state and territorial legislatures in Australia, and in provincial and territorial legislatures in Canada.
Examples follow.
Australia
Speaker of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Speaker of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland
Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Canada
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Speaker of the Yukon Legislative Assembly
Falkland Islands
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Falkland Islands
India
See Speaker of the Legislative Assembly (India)
See also
President of the Legislative Assembly (disambiguation)
Speaker of the House of Assembly (disambiguation)
President of the National Assembly of Quebec
The Laugen-Melaun culture (from German Laugen-Melaun-Kultur) developed between the late Bronze Age and the early Iron Age in the Alps, between Trentino, South Tyrol, East Tyrol, and in the Engadin.
The term, coined in 1927 by Gero von Merhart, initially included only Melaun (also Mellaun), a village near Brixen. The pitcher of Laugen, found at Villanders and preserved at the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology, is a typical example of this culture: it has a triangular nozzle, a decorative outer grooves, and a height of 18.3 cm ; next to the handle are two horn-shaped appendices.
Also at Villanders it was found a place used for votive burnings (Opferplatz) remained in use for centuries until the Iron Age.
Bibliography
Walter Leitner, Eppan - St. Pauls, eine Siedlung der späten Bronzezeit - ein Beitrag zur inneralpinen Laugen/Melaun-Kultur, 2 voll., Innsbruck, 1987.
Günther Niederwanger, Ein Laugener Brandopferplatz am Schwarzsee auf dem Seeberg im Sarntal, in «Der Schlern», 64, 1990, pp. 371–397.
Archaeological cultures of Central Europe
Archaeological cultures of Southern Europe
Celtic archaeological cultures
Bronze Age cultures of Europe
Archaeological cultures in Austria
Archaeological cultures in Italy
Archaeological cultures in Switzerland
Gregory Paul Potter is an American comic book writer best known for co-creating the DC Comics series Jemm, Son of Saturn with artist Gene Colan.
Biography
Greg Potter began writing comics stories for Warren Publishing's black-and-white horror comics magazines in 1971, while still a teenager. Their first work for DC Comics was the seven-page short story "Do You Believe In...?" published in House of Mystery #259 (July–Aug. 1978). Their story "Papa Don" in Secrets of Haunted House #17 (Oct. 1979) was included in DC's "Top Ten Stories of 1979" collection. They stopped writing comics while attending Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, but returned to the industry in 1984. That year, Potter created Jemm, a character originally conceived as the cousin of the extraterrestrial superhero the Martian Manhunter, a long-running character that had not been in use for some time. Partway through developing the series, Potter was told by editor Janice Race that the Martian Manhunter character would reappear in the Justice League of America title. To avoid any continuity problems, Potter rewrote the series as Jemm, Son of Saturn, a character with no connection to the Martian Manhunter. The series was penciled by Gene Colan and inked by Klaus Janson and Bob McLeod. The Jemm character appeared in the "Human for a Day" episode of the Supergirl television series in 2015 and was portrayed by actor Charles Halford.
Potter and Race spent several months working on new concepts for the mid-1980s relaunch of Wonder Woman, before being joined by artist and co-plotter George Pérez. Potter left DC after completing the second issue of the new series to continue their career in advertising and was replaced by Len Wein.
Bibliography
DC Comics
All-Star Squadron Annual #3 ("Jemm, Son of Saturn" preview) (1984)
DC Graphic Novel #5 ("Me & Joe Priest") (1985)
House of Mystery #259, 261, 275 (1978–1979)
Jemm, Son of Saturn #1–12 (1984–1985)
Secrets of Haunted House #17 (1979)
Wonder Woman vol. 2 #1–2 (1987)
Fantagraphics Books
The Comics Journal #47, 53, 59, 63, 67, 71, 94 (1979–1984)
Warren Publishing
Comix International #1, 3–4 (1974–1976)
Creepy #46, 52–53, 66, 82, 123, 136 (1972–1982)
Eerie #36, 44, 47, 57–58, 86 (1971–1977)
Vampirella #20 (1972)
Warren Presents #13 (1981)
References
External links
Greg Potter at the Comic Book Database
Greg Potter at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
American comics writers
DC Comics people
Living people
Trinity College (Connecticut) alumni
Writers from Connecticut
Year of birth missing (living people)
The striated babbler (Argya earlei) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is found in southern Asia from Pakistan to Myanmar.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
striated babbler
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of India
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Myanmar
striated babbler
striated babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Worth the Risk? is a 1948 British public information film highlighting the importance of road safety. It was produced by the Crown Film Unit and funded by the Ministry of Transport.
Synopsis
The film opens at an emergency telephone exchange, which receives a request for an ambulance once every 3½ minutes. A call is placed about a road traffic accident on Shoreditch Road. An ambulance is dispatched to the scene of the incident.
A series of scenes illustrate careless behaviour that could lead to road accidents. This includes a boy running out into the road in front of a car, a drunk man behind the wheel who nearly knocks over a pedestrian, and a cyclist with faulty brakes who runs into the back of a lorry.
Two further stories are shown. Mr Smith is driving to work along a familiar route, cutting corners to save time. On one morning, they almost has a collision with a lorry when going around a bend. Miss Jones is a pedestrian who pays little attention to oncoming traffic, assuming that vehicles will always stop to allow them to cross. One day, they are fatally hit by a driver whose brakes are faulty.
A man is shown leaving a cinema in which they have been watching the road safety film. They have paid little attention to the film, assuming that "accidents only happen to other people". As the walks out into the road, the screen cuts to a view of a "Get Home Safe and Sound" poster, accompanied by the sound of screeching brakes.
Reception
The Monthly Film Bulletin, the journal of the British Film Institute, considered the film to be "one of the best Safety First films for adults".
References
External links
Worth the Risk? at BFI Screenonline
Public information films
1948 films
British short films
Crown Film Unit films
British black-and-white films
1940s educational films
British educational films
Packera clevelandii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Cleveland's ragwort. It is endemic to California, where it is known from only two small regions, a section of the North Coast Ranges around Napa County and a part of the Sierra Nevada foothills on the opposite side of the Sacramento Valley. The plant grows in shrubby chaparral, often on serpentine soils.
It is a perennial herb producing one or more erect stems from a taproot and caudex unit, reaching up to a meter in maximum height. The leaves are thick and fleshy, and have a waxy coating. Their blades are up to 10 centimeters long at the base of the plant, and smaller farther up.
The inflorescence contains several flower heads, each lined with green- or purple-tipped phyllaries. The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and 8 to 13 narrow yellow ray florets each under a centimeter long.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
clevelandii
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Bing's Hollywood series was a Decca Records 15-album set by Bing Crosby of commercial recordings of songs used in their films from 1934 to 1956. Numbered in order from Decca DL4250 to DL4264, the LPs included "Easy to Remember", "Pennies from Heaven", "Pocket Full of Dreams", "East Side of Heaven", "The Road Begins", "Only Forever", "Holiday Inn", "Swinging on a Star", "Accentuate the Positive", "Blue Skies", "But Beautiful", "Sunshine Cake", "Cool of the Evening", "Zing a Little Zong" and "Anything Goes." In the UK, Brunswick Records issued the set with the numbers BING1 to BING 15. In 1988 MCA Universal began reissuing "Bing's Hollywood" on compact disc, but poor sales abruptly halted the series following the release of "Holiday Inn", "Swinging on a Star" and "Blue Skies."
Details of all recordings have been taken from “A Bing Crosby Discography”.
Background
Variety gave the background in its issue of March 14, 1962.
“The timing was just right for Decca's massive release of Bing Crosby's Hollywood story. It fits perfectly into the programming pattern being adopted by so many radio stations, which in veering away from Top 40, are going in for marathon spinning of an individual personality. This Crosby release is tailor-made for them, in that it consists of 15 separate L.P's containing 189 songs from over 40 pictures. No singer has come close to that mark and it's a record that's sure to stand for a long, long time. For the average consumer the purchase of the complete series will obviously be hard on the pocket-book but each LP can be obtained separately (the suggested retail price is $3. 98) and each one is a gem. Not only did Crosby have a solid song-selling way right from the beginning, but they had top tune-smiths turning out material for them all the way...The series is virtually a recorded history of the filmusical genre and a credit to all concerned.
Albums
Recording dates follow song titles.
Easy to Remember
DL 4250. Tracks 1–3 from Here is My Heart, 4–7 from Mississippi, 8–12 from Two for Tonight, 13 from The Big Broadcast of 1936.
Pennies from Heaven
DL 4251. Tracks 1–3 from Anything Goes, tracks 4–6 and 11–12 from Rhythm on the Range, 7–10 from Pennies from Heaven.
Pocket Full of Dreams
DL 4252. Tracks 1–4 from Waikiki Wedding, tracks 5–8 from Double or Nothing and 9–12 from Sing You Sinners.
East Side of Heaven
DL 4253. Tracks 1–3 from Doctor Rhythm, tracks 4–8 from Paris Honeymoon and 9–12 from East Side of Heaven.
The Road Begins
DL 4254. Tracks 1–6 from The Star Maker, tracks 7, 10, 12–14 from If I Had My Way and 8–9 and 11 from Road to Singapore.
Only Forever
DL 4255. Tracks 1–4 from Rhythm on the River, tracks 5–8 from Road to Zanzibar and 9–12 from Birth of the Blues.
Holiday Inn
DL 4256. All tracks from Holiday Inn. Tracks 6 and 10 are solos by Fred Astaire.
Swinging on a Star
DL 4257. Tracks 1–4 from Road to Morocco, tracks 5 and 6 from Dixie and tracks 7–12 from Going My Way.
*Featuring a young Andy Williams
Accentuate the Positive
DL 4258. Tracks 1–4 from Here Come the Waves, tracks 5–8 from The Bells of St. Mary's and tracks 9–12 from Road to Utopia.
Blue Skies
DL 4259. Tracks 1–9 from Blue Skies, tracks 10–12 from Out of This World.
But Beautiful
DL 4260. Tracks 1–4 from Welcome Stranger, Tracks 5–8 from Road to Rio, tracks 9–12 from The Emperor Waltz and track 13 from Variety Girl.
Sunshine Cake
DL 4261. Tracks 1–4 from A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, tracks 5–8 from Top o' the Morning, tracks 9–12 from Riding High.
Cool of the Evening
DL 4262. Tracks 1–6, 11–12 from Mr. Music, tracks 7–10 from Here Comes the Groom.
Zing a Little Zong
DL 4263. Tracks 1–6 from Just for You, tracks 7–12 from Road to Bali.
Anything Goes
DL 4264. Tracks 1–4 from Little Boy Lost, tracks 5–8 from The Country Girl tracks 9–12 from Anything Goes.
References
Bing Crosby compilation albums
1962 compilation albums
Decca Records compilation albums
Deceptions is a 1990 erotic drama film starring Nicollette Sheridan, Harry Hamlin and Robert Davi. It was directed by Ruben Preuss and written by Ken Denbow and Richard Taylor. The film received a nomination for a CableACE Award for "best international dramatic special or movie. AllRovi reviewer Linda Rasmussen called the film, "a remarkably predictable, non-erotic thriller with little to recommend it".
Premise
A homicide cop falls for a beautiful suspect. When wealthy socialite Adrienne kills their husband Douglas, they claim self-defense. Nick, the cop assigned to the case is suspicious but becomes obsessed with the sensual young woman.
DVD releases
There are no plans to release this movie on DVD.
Sequel
The film was followed by a 1994 sequel titled Deceptions II: Edge of Deception.
References
External links
1990 films
1990s erotic drama films
American erotic drama films
1990 drama films
American drama television films
1990s American films
The Dufour River (in French: rivière Dufour) is a tributary of the east bank of the Kamouraska River, which empties on the south bank of the Saint Lawrence river two km east of the center of the village of Kamouraska.
The Dufour river flows in the municipalities of Saint-Philippe-de-Néri and Saint-Pascal, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The source of this river is located south of fourth rang, southeast of Kamouraska bay, on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, at north of the village of Mont-Carmel, east of the center of the village of Saint-Philippe-de-Néri and southwest from the center of the village of Saint-Pascal. The Commission de toponymie du Québec assigns the status of a stream to this watercourse.
From its source, the Dufour river flows over , divided into the following segments:
north-east in Saint-Philippe-de-Néri, to the limit of Saint-Pascal;
north-east in Saint-Pascal collecting water from the Creux streams (coming from the south and drawing its source at Lake Saint-Pierre), up to the Beaulieu road;
north, to its confluence which is connected (on the southeast side) to the autoroute 20 bridge.
This confluence is west of the center of the village of Saint-Pacôme.
Toponymy
The term "Dufour" constitutes a French Canadian surname.
The toponym “Rivière Dufour” was formalized on June 29, 1983, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Dubai Marina () is a district in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is an artificial canal city, built along a stretch of Persian Gulf shoreline. As of 2018, it has a population of 55,052. When the entire development is complete, it will accommodate more than 120,000 people in residential towers and villas. It is located on Interchange 5 between Jebel Ali Port and the area which hosts Dubai Internet City, Dubai Media City, and the American University in Dubai. The first phase of this project has been completed. Dubai Marina was inspired by the Concord Pacific Place development along False Creek in Vancouver, BC, Canada.
There have been many instances of marine wildlife (especially whales and sharks) entering the marina, because of its proximity to the open sea.
Development
In order to create the human-made marina, the developers brought the waters of the Persian Gulf into the site of Dubai marina, creating a new waterfront.
There is a large central waterway, excavated from the desert and running the length of the 3 km site. More than 12% of the total land area on the site has been given over to this central public space.
Although much of this area is occupied by the marina water surface, it also includes almost 8 km of landscaped public walkways.
The marina is entirely human-made and has been developed by the real estate development firm Emaar Properties of the United Arab Emirates and designed by HOK Canada. Upon completion, it is claimed to be the world's largest human-made marina. The current largest human-made marina in the world is Marina del Rey in California, United States. There is a publicly accessible foreshoreway around the marina and some sections of public oceanway along the beach with views to Palm Jumeirah. Its largest development is the Jumeirah Beach Residence. Dubai Marina opened doors to its only mosque Masjid Al Rahim in October 2013, which is situated in the southern end of the Marina.
Phase I
The first phase of Dubai Marina covers , which includes six freehold apartment buildings, the Dubai Marina Towers. The phase I of Dubai Marina cost more than AED 1.2 billion. Three of the towers are named after precious stones, Al Mass, Fairooz, and Murjan, and the other three are named after Arabic scents, Mesk, Anbar, and Al Yass. The scheme was designed by HOK and the contractors were Al-Futtaim Carillion and Nasah Multiplex.
Phase II
The Phase II of Dubai Marina will consist of high rise buildings, which are mainly clustered into a block, known as "Tallest Block in the world" with the majority of the skyscrapers ranges between to , which includes Cayan Tower, Ocean Heights, Marina Pinnacle, Sulafa Tower and Ciel Tower, which rises to meters and few are taller than meters and , which includes Elite Residence, 23 Marina, Princess Tower, Marina 106, Marina 101, DAMAC Residenze, and the supertall Pentominium, which rises to meters.
Jumeirah Beach Residence
Jumeirah Beach Residence is a long, gross floor area waterfront community located against the Persian Gulf in Dubai Marina. It is the largest single phase residential development in the world and contains 40 towers (35 are residential and 5 are hotels). JBR can accommodate about 15,000 people, living in its apartments and hotel rooms. The Project has 6,917 apartments, from studios to penthouses. Jumeirah Beach Residence was launched in August 2002 from the developer, Dubai Properties (a subsidiary of Dubai Holding) with the cost of 6 billion dirhams and was completed in 2007. The Walk at JBR restaurant and shopping strip, which is adjacent to the beach behind JBR, is a very popular location for Al Fresco dining. There are five hotels, rated as 5 star or 4 star, three of which are purpose-built hotels, while the other two are converted residential towers.
The Walk
The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence is a strip at the ground and plaza level of the complex, it was developed by Dubai Properties, and was completed by 2007 and opened officially in August 2008.
The Beach
The Beach at Jumeirah Beach Residence is a retail complex being constructed on the beach in front of JBR by Meraas Holding, a company owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai. The development, comprising four plazas, will occupy the bulk of the beach between the Hilton and Sheraton hotels. The complex houses a number of levels of parking as well as seventy retail and food and beverage outlets, together with entertainment facilities.
Al Sahab
Al Sahab is a residential high rise development that consists of two towers; Tower 1 is a 44-story structure, and Tower 2 is a 24-story structure. The complex is on the waterfront and directly overlooks the largest bay of water at Dubai Marina. The buildings are in the northern end of the marina across from the Al Majara Towers near the Marina Quays. The complex features a gymnasium and squash court, swimming pool and open community area, a mini-theater, sheltered assigned parking, multi-function rooms, and meeting rooms.
Al Majara
Al Majara is a five-building residential complex comprising high-rise waterfront apartments adjacent to where the old Dubai Marina Yacht Club used to be and overlooks the largest part of the bay.
Marina Promenade
Marina Promenade is a residential enclave in Dubai Marina. Nestled within the panoramic confines of Dubai Marina, it overlooks the widest and most scenic part of the bay and is ideally located opposite the Dubai Marina Yacht Club. The Marina Promenade comprises six residential towers and villas with views of the bay.
Marina Quays
Marina Quays is a complex designed by Arif & Bintoak, also responsible for the Concorde Tower. Along with apartments and villas, the development has shops and other outlets. The three residential buildings are joined by shared a podium. It has luxury apartments with panoramic views of the marina. The buildings are Quay East, Quay West and Quay North. The two shorter buildings are cantilevered, extending 20m over the Dubai Marina waterway. Amenities include a movie theatre, 24 hour security, a pool, concierge service and a swimming pool. As of 2016, luxury penthouses in the buildings sold in excess of 10 million Dirhams. In 2018 five million tonnes of rock was added to create a breakwater for Marina Quays.
Park Island
Park Island is a four tower residential development comprising Blakely, Bonaire, Fairfield and Sanibel. The towers within Park Island have been placed with parks and landscaped gardens.
Dubai Marina Mall
Dubai Marina Mall is a shopping mall located in the center of Dubai Marina and is one of the main shopping malls in Dubai. It features 140 retail outlets, spread over of gross leasable space, making it one of the largest shopping malls in Dubai. The mall has been completed and opened in December 2008. The mall is linked to the 5-star Dubai Marina Hotel.
Transportation
Dubai Marina (Dubai Metro)
Dubai Marina (Arabic: مرسى دبي) is a rapid transit station on the Red Line of the Dubai Metro in Dubai. It opened on 30 April 2010 as part of an extension to Ibn Battuta. Dubai Marina station is located near Interchange 5 of Sheikh Zayed Road, around southwest of Downtown Dubai. It lies to the east of the northern half of the Dubai Marina and to the west of the northern portion of Jumeirah Lake Towers. Dubai Marina station lies on a viaduct paralleling the eastern side of Sheikh Zayed Road. It is categorised as a type 2 elevated station, indicating that there is an elevated concourse between street and platform level. Pedestrian access to the station is aided through walkways above Sheikh Zayed Road, connecting to developments on either side of the road. In September 2014, Damac Properties acquired the naming rights for the Dubai Marina Station, which resulted in it being renamed as the Damac Station.
Dubai Tramway
Al Sufouh Tramway is a tramway that operates in Al Sufouh, Dubai Marina. It runs along Al Sufouh Road from Dubai Marina to the Burj Al Arab and the Mall of the Emirates. It interchanges with two stations of Dubai Metro's Red Line. The Sufouh Tram also connects with the monorail of the Palm Jumeirah at the entrance of the Palm from Sufouh Road. After completion in 2014 it serves the residences of Dubai Marina and Jumeirah Beach Residence.
The name was later changed to Dubai Trams.
Attractions
A zipline advertised as the "longest urban zipline" was installed here, which links Dubai Marina with the Dubai Marina Mall.
Education
Emirates International School is close to Dubai Marina.
Incidents
On 27 April 2006, a protest broke out among workers in Al Ahmadiya Contracting that caused the blocking of the company's construction site at Dubai Marina, damaging eight cars and two buses, destroying office property and documents, and roughing up a site engineer. The riot control wing of Dubai Police had rushed to the scene to control the situation and the police later succeeded in dispersing the agitating workers.
In August 2015, various people (including police officers) were arrested, after they were caught with prostitutes and illegal alcohol, on a boat in Dubai Marina.
Gallery
See also
Bluewaters Island
List of the tallest buildings in Dubai
List of the tallest residential buildings in Dubai
References
External links
2003 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Communities in Dubai
Canals in the United Arab Emirates
Marinas in the United Arab Emirates
Populated coastal places in the United Arab Emirates
Economy of Dubai
Osintsev (, from осина meaning aspen) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Osintseva. Notable people with the surname include:
Taisiya Osintseva (1923–2008), Russian neurologist
Russian-language surnames
Crays Pond is a hamlet situated in the parish of Goring Heath in South Oxfordshire. Crays Pond is about northeast of Goring-on-Thames and about northwest of Reading, Berkshire.
Notable residents
Notable residents of Crays Pond include Rudolf Nureyev and Mikhail Baryshnikov who both lived in the same Russian-owned safe house at different times.
Doreen Pechey, "Britain's oldest ballerina" has lived in Crays Pond since 1983.
Sources
http://www.ukgr.dreamhosters.com/
South Oxfordshire District
Hamlets in Oxfordshire
"Sunny Came Home" is a folk-rock song by American musician Shawn Colvin. It is the opening track on their 1996 concept album, A Few Small Repairs, and was released as a CD and cassette single on June 24, 1997. In the United Kingdom, the song was released on the same formats in May 1998.
"Sunny Came Home" was a commercial success, reaching number seven on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number three in Canada. The song was also a critical smash, winning both Grammy Award for Record of the Year and Song of the Year and was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
Background and composition
The song tells the story of a woman named Sunny, returning to their hometown from (presumably) imprisonment or institutionalization, who burns down the homes of their enemies ("Sunny came home with a list of names") to avenge past offenses, real or imagined ("Sunny came home with a vengeance.") It is one of several "story songs" on A Few Small Repairs, a method of songwriting Shawn Colvin began experimenting with while writing for the album. The title of the song comes from the opening lyrics. Colvin has referred to the song as a "murder ballad," indicating that at least one arson attack had a fatal outcome.
The song's bright, calm and warming music, fronted by a distinctive mandolin strum, contrasts very sharply with the destructive lyrics, particularly the haunting bridge: "Get the kids and bring a sweater; dry is good, and wind is better. Count the years; you always knew it / Strike a match; go on and do it". The title of the album, A Few Small Repairs, also appears in the third line of the second verse of the song, "'It's time for a few small repairs,' they said."
"Sunny Came Home" is written in the key of B minor (with its chorus in D major) in common time with a tempo of 84 beats per minute. Colvin's vocals span from F3 to B4 in the song.
Chart performance
"Sunny Came Home" is Colvin's only hit, peaking at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States and topped the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart for four weeks. Colvin's record label did not plan to release the track as a retail single until it became an airplay favorite on contemporary hit radio as well as adult contemporary and adult alternative radio stations. "Sunny Came Home" also became a major hit in Canada, reaching number three on the RPM Top Singles chart for two weeks and peaking atop the RPM Adult Contemporary chart for three weeks. Outside North America, the song became a moderate hit, peaking at number 29 in the United Kingdom, number 44 in Australia and number 90 in Germany.
Awards
At the 1998 Grammy Awards, it was named Song of the Year and Record of the Year. Rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard interrupted the Grammy Awards presentation by protesting Puff Daddy beating their group, Wu-Tang Clan, for Best Rap Album that year, saying "Wu-Tang is for the children. We teach the children. You know what I mean?", while Colvin was about to receive their award.
Track listings
All songs were written by Shawn Colvin and John Leventhal unless otherwise noted.
US CD single
"Sunny Came Home" – 4:24
"What I Get Paid For" – 3:23
UK CD1
"Sunny Came Home"
"Get Out of This House" (live)
"The Facts About Jimmy" (live)
"You and the Mona Lisa" (live)
UK CD2
"Sunny Came Home"
"Tennessee" (live)
"Ricochet in Time" (live)
"Shotgun Down the Avalanche" (live)
UK cassette single
"Sunny Came Home"
"You and the Mona Lisa" (live)
European CD single
"Sunny Came Home"
"Get Out of This House" (live)
Australian CD single
"Sunny Came Home"
"What I Get Paid For"
"Every Little Thing They Do Is Magic"
"Steady On"
"Round of Blues" (album version)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
See also
Francine Hughes
The Burning Bed
References
External links
Shawn Colvin's official website.
1996 songs
1997 singles
Columbia Records singles
Grammy Award for Record of the Year
Grammy Award for Song of the Year
Murder ballads
Shawn Colvin songs
Songs written by John Leventhal
Songs written by Shawn Colvin
Woodleigh School may refer to:
Woodleigh School, North Yorkshire, England
Woodleigh School, Melbourne, Australia
Woodleigh School, New Zealand
The W.S. McClintock House is a historic house at 83 West Main Street in Marianna, Arkansas. It is a grand two-story wood-frame Classical Revival building designed by Charles L. Thompson and built in 1912. The symmetrical main facade has at its center a massive two-story portico supported by groups of Ionic columns, with a dentillated cornice and a flat roof. A single-story porch extends from both sides of this portico, supported by Doric columns, and wrapping around to the sides of the house. This porch is topped by an ironwork railing.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
See also
J. M. McClintock House, at 43 Main St., also designed by Thompson and NRHP-listed
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Neoclassical architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1912
Houses in Lee County, Arkansas
1912 establishments in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County, Arkansas
Yusupha Ngum and the Affia Band is a band based in Melbourne, Australia, which was founded in 2016 by Gambian singer-songwriter, Yusupha Ngum.
Their song Gaïndé, which was written to celebrate the Senegal team's qualification in the 2018 FIFA World Cup, received significant public and media attention in Senegal and Gambia as well as in the Australian media.
The band has also been noted for their popular festival performances.
According to ABC Radio, the message of the band is "about peace and harmony."
Career
The Affia Band was formed in 2016 as a five-person band, with the initial line-up of Yusupha Ngum on lead vocals, Hiroki Finn Hoshino on double bass and bass guitar, Felix Billington Kleinman on drums, Stephen John Khlentzos on keyboards, and Adam Halliwell (also of Mildlife) on electric guitar. Adam Halliwell left later that year, and was replaced by Solomon Sisay on saxophone. Sometimes guest musician Chris Maunders would join the band on stage on harmonica during live performances.
In 2017, Solomon Sisay left and Paul Cornelius joined as the band's saxophonist. Also in 2017, Rodolfo "Panga" Hechavarria Despaigne joined as a sixth band member on congas. Stephen John Khlentzos later left the band to move overseas, and Daniel Mougerman joined the band on keyboards.
2017 was also the year that the band started to gain significant public attention. After their performance at the Healesville Music Festival, a newspaper reporter asked Festival chair Bob Willis to name some bands with "stand out performances". Yusupha Ngum and the Affia Band was one of the three bands Willis named as ones "that really pulled the crowds".
In 2018, the band recorded their original song Gaïndé to celebrate the Senegal team's qualification in the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The title of the song means "The Lion" in the West African Wolof language. In addition to the regular band members, guest musicians Luke Koszański joined them on electric guitar, and Boubacar Gaye performed on djembe to record the single and music video. The single was mixed by Niko Schäuble of Pughouse Studios, and the music video was filmed and directed by Jeff Valledor of Jeffrowz Video Production. The single and music video were executive produced by Melbourne music venue entrepreneur Ousmane Ngom. The song received significant public and media attention in the Gambia and Senegal, and was also covered in the Australian media.
Later in 2018, Daniel Mougerman left and joined funk band The Bamboos, and Matt Steele subsequently joined the Affia Band on keyboards.
In 2019 at the Castlemaine Jazz Festival, the band line-up consisted of Yusupha Ngum, Hiroki Finn Hoshino, Paul Cornelius, Matt Steele, Felix Billington Kleinman, and Rodolfo "Panga" Hechavarria Despaigne. Angus Radley filled in for Hiroki Finn Hoshino for one of the festival performances, on bass guitar. Later in 2020, Hiroki Finn Hoshino moved to Japan, and Nick Delaney joined the band as their bass guitarist.
The Midland Express newspaper highlighted the band in their reporting on the upcoming 2019 Castlemaine Jazz Festival. A magazine article after the festival reported Yusupha's comments on how "he is passionate about the unifying and cultural storytelling power of music", and how they "paid a moving tribute to African youth and the problems they are facing, dedicating their song to their plight".
In January 2021, Beat Magazine included Yusupha Ngum & the Affia Band's upcoming performance at the "Live at the Bowl" series of events at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl as one of "six unmissable gigs" in February. This performance was cancelled due to a Covid-related lockdown, mandated by the Victorian state government. However, the performance was then rescheduled, again at the iconic Sidney Myer Music Bowl, for March 29, 2021.
In a February 2021 interview in Beat Magazine, Mary Sitarenos said of Yusupha Ngum that, "He's one of a kind," and "I would say they would be one of the greatest West African singers Australia has."
In their live performances, guest musician Luke Koszański has sometimes joined the band on stage on electric guitar, and Huich Goh sometimes on violin. In 2021, Rodolfo "Panga" Hechavarria Despaigne left the band for personal reasons, and Luke Koszański joined the band's permanent lineup.
On 2 July, 2022, Yusupha Ngum and the Affia Band was one of the featured bands on Weekend Evenings with Christine Anu on ABC Radio.
Personnel
Current members
Yusupha Ngum – vocals
Felix Billington Kleinman – drum kit
Paul Cornelius – saxophone
Matt Steele – keyboards
Nick Delaney – bass guitar
Luke Koszański – electric guitar
Former members
Rodolfo "Panga" Hechavarria Despaigne – congas
Hiroki Finn Hoshino – bass guitar, double bass
Daniel Mougerman – keyboards
Stephen John Khlentzos – keyboards
Solomon Sisay – saxophone
Adam Halliwell – electric guitar
References
Australian world music groups
Victoria (Australia) musical groups
Musical groups from Melbourne
Musical groups established in 2016
Jazz fusion ensembles
Year of birth missing (living people)
2016 establishments in Australia
This is a timeline of incidents in 2005 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
January
Total incidents:
February
Total incidents:
March
Total incidents: 0
April
Total incidents:
May
Total incidents:
June
Total Incidents: 0
July
Total incidents:
August
Total incidents:
September
Total incidents:
October
Total incidents:
November
Total incidents:
December
Total incidents:
See also
List of non-state terrorist incidents
List of Palestinian suicide attacks
List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2001–2006
References
2005
2005
2005
Terr
Scamp may refer to:
Computers and engineering
National Semiconductor SC/MP (pronounced Scamp), an early 8-bit microprocessor
Single-Channel Antijam Man-Portable Terminal, part of the Advanced Extremely High Frequency system
Single-Chip A-series Mainframe Processor, a single-chip implementation of the Burroughs large systems computer architecture
Special Computer APL Machine Portable, a prototype name for a single-user, portable computer concept made by IBM Research in 1973
Standardised Compatible Audio Modular Package, an audio processor range from Audio & Design (Recording) Ltd
Military
SS Sea Scamp, a 1943 Type C3 ship S-A2 troop transport in World War II
SS-14 Scamp, the NATO reporting name for the RT-15 theatre ballistic missile of the Soviet Union
USS Scamp, several ships
USS Scamp (SS-277), a Gato class submarine (1942–1945)
USS Scamp (SSN-588), a Skipjack class submarine (1961–1988)
Transportation
Aerosport Scamp, a small biplane designed for home building
Clark Scamp, a simple, bicycle-based moped
Honda Scamp, a.k.a. Honda N360, car made 1967–1970
Mini Scamp, a kit car based on the Mini
Plymouth Scamp (disambiguation), either of two small vehicles from Plymouth
SCAMP (boat) or Small Craft Advisor Magazine Project, a wooden or fiberglass hulled sailing dinghy
Scottish Aviation Scamp, prototype electric microcar produced by Scottish Aviation
Southern Aeronautical Scamp, an American aircraft designed for home construction and Formula V Air Racing
Supersonic Cruise and Maneuvering Program, the initial name for the General Dynamics F-16XL prototype aircraft
Other uses
The Scamp, a 1957 British drama film
Scamp (comics), a Disney cartoon puppy from Lady and the Tramp
Scamp grouper (Mycteroperca phenax), a grouper fish
Colt SCAMP or small caliber machine pistol, conceived in 1969 as a replacement to the aging Colt M1911A1 pistol
Supercritical Air Mobility Pack, breathing set in diving
People with the surname
William Scamp (1801–1872), English architect and engineer
Oxalyl fluoride is the organofluorine compound with the formula (COF)2. It is a fluorinated derivative of oxalic acid. This colorless liquid is prepared by reaction of sodium fluoride with oxalyl chloride.
Oxalyl fluoride is being investigated for use in etching as a replacement for compounds which have the liability of high global warming potential.
See also
Oxalyl chloride
Oxalyl bromide
Dioxane tetraketone
Oxalyl
References
Acyl fluorides
Inorganic carbon compounds
Carbon oxohalides
is a Japanese novelist, essayist, and tarento represented by O.K. Production.
Filmography
TV and radio series
Former appearances
Films
Bibliography
References
External links
"Hōshanō Hakaritai" with Yuzuki Muroi
Japanese novelists
Japanese essayists
Japanese entertainers
1970 births
Living people
People from Aomori Prefecture
Writers from Aomori Prefecture
The fawn-breasted wren (Cantorchilus guarayanus) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Taxonomy and systematics
The fawn-breasted wren has sometimes been treated as conspecific with the buff-breasted wren (Cantorchilus leucotis), though they have very different vocalizations. The species is monotypic.
Description
The fawn-breasted wren is long and weighs . Adults have a plain medium brown crown and upperparts that becomes rufescent on the lower back and rump. Their tail is reddish brown with crisp black bars. They have a narrow white supercilium mostly behind the eye, cheeks mottled gray-white and blackish, and black malar and moustacial stripes. Their chin is whitish, the chest a warm orange-buff, and the belly and vent area a deeper orange-buff. Juveniles are similar but their facial markings are less distinct.
Distribution and habitat
The fawn-breasted wren is found across much of northeastern Bolivia, a fairly thin slice of adjacent western Brazil, and a small part of northeastern Paraguay. It inhabits várzea scrubland and secondary forest, mostly near water. In elevation it ranges up to approximately .
Behavior
Feeding
The fawn-breasted wren forages in pairs during the dry season and small family groups after nesting. It hunts in dense growth, usually from the ground up to above it, but sometimes as high as . Its diet has not been documented.
Breeding
Only a few fawn-breasted wren nests have been described, and little has been published about its breeding phenology. Nests are a flimsy dome of grasses and root hairs with a side entrance placed up to above ground in weeds, bushes, or the base of a small palm. The clutch size is two.
Vocalization
The members of a fawn-breasted wren pair sing antiphonally, the male's part a "cheerilo-choli" and the female's "pew-pew, pew-pew". Calls include a repeated "pew-pew" and harsh clicks.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the fawn-breasted wren as being of The Least Concern. Though its population size has not been determined, it is believed to be fairly common to common across its range.
References
External links
Fawn-breasted Wren on the Internet Bird Collection
Article w/Graphic of wren oiseaux.net
Cantorchilus
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1837
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Martin Lewis (born 1970) has appeared in various films and shows including Danny Deckchair, Fatty Finn and the series Five Mile Creek. In 1985 they won a Young Artist Award - 'Best Young Actor in a Foreign Film' for their role in Five Mile Creek. Lewis traveled and danced with the Australian Ballet Company after they quit acting.
Lewis was also a presenter of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation children's ecological program Earthwatch.
Filmography
1980 Fatty Finn - Skeet
1981–82 A Country Practice - Luke/Peter
1983–85 Five Mile Creek - Sam Sawyer
1986 Platypus Cove - Peter Nelson
1988 Two Brothers Running - Silas Bornstein
2003 Danny Deckchair - Macadamia Ball Man
External links
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Living people
1970 births
Thomas Norman (born before 1400 – 1434 or after), of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician and brewer.
Norman was not originally from Canterbury, but lived there from 1400 or after. Nothing is recorded of their origin, family or education.
They were a Member of the Parliament of England (MP) for Canterbury in 1421.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
English MPs December 1421
People from Canterbury
I Love a Soldier is a 1944 American drama film directed by Mark Sandrich and written by Allan Scott. The film stars Paulette Goddard, Sonny Tufts, Beulah Bondi, Walter Sande, Mary Treen and Ann Doran. The film was released on August 15, 1944, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Paulette Goddard as Evelyn Connors
Sonny Tufts as Dan Kilgore
Beulah Bondi as Etta Lane
Walter Sande as Sgt. Lionel 'Stiff' Banks
Mary Treen as Cecilia 'Cissy' Grant
Ann Doran as Jenny Butler
Marie McDonald as Gracie
James Bell as Williams
Barry Fitzgerald as Murphy
Reception
T.M.P. of The New York Times said, "To the wheel of life has been given a full, mad twirl in I Love a Soldier, which took up residence yesterday at the Paramount. And since life seldom moves along on a plane, maybe it would have been expecting too much for this particular film to maintain a perfect level. But the ups and downs and the fancy curves which the story takes in discussing the problem of war marriages neither makes for an arresting entertainment nor does it help to clarify a question that is of vital importance right now to a good many young people. Apparently both Mark Sandrich, the producer-director, and Allan Scott, the author, weren't quite sure either just how the subject should be treated, for they tackle it, by turns, in dead seriousness and with broad comic strokes."
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
1944 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
Films directed by Mark Sandrich
Films scored by Robert Emmett Dolan
1944 drama films
1940s American films
This is a list of castles in Russia.
Northwestern Federal District
Central Federal District
Other Districts
See also
List of castles
Russia
Russia
Castles
Russia
Castles
Lajos Őze (27 April 1935 – 21 October 1984) was a Hungarian actor. They appeared in over 80 films between 1955 and 1984. They starred in the 1976 film The Fifth Seal, which was entered into the 27th Berlin International Film Festival.
Selected filmography
A Glass of Beer (1955)
Two Confessions (1957)
The Round-Up (1965)
Twenty Hours (1965)
The Witness (1969)
The Upthrown Stone (1969)
The Fifth Seal (1976)
Macbeth (1982)
Flowers of Reverie (1985)
References
External links
1935 births
1984 deaths
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in Hungary
Hungarian male film actors
People from Szentes
20th-century Hungarian male actors
The flame-faced tanager (Tangara parzudakii) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to South America and is found in the eastern Andes of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is a distinctive-looking species with black and opalescent green upperparts, opalescent green and buff underparts, and a deep red and yellow face. The subspecies lunigera lacks the deep red on the face, which is replaced with orangish-red.
It is omnivorous and feeds on fruit and arthropods. Foraging is conducted nearly exclusively on mossy branches. Breeding occurs in the rainy season. Eggs are laid in clutches of two, and are white with pale brown flecking concentrated on the larger end. Fledglings are fed by both parents. The flame-faced tanager is listed as being of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List. However, it is facing population declines due to habitat destruction.
Taxonomy and systematics
The flame-faced tanager was first described as Tanagra parzudakii by Frédéric Lafresnaye in 1843, on the basis of specimens collected around Santa Fe, in Bogota, Colombia. The generic name Tangara comes from the Tupí word tangara, which means dancer. The specific epithet parzudakii is in honor of the French collector and natural history dealer Charles Parzudaki. Flame-faced tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC). Other names for the species include flame faced tanager.
The flame-faced tanager is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara. Within the genus, it is put in a species group with the blue-whiskered tanager, green-and-gold tanager, emerald tanager, golden tanager, silver-throated tanager, saffron-crowned tanager, and golden-eared tanager. This placement has been supported by DNA evidence. However, it is not known which of the species in the group are sister to the flame-throated tanager.
Subspecies
There are three subspecies of the flame-faced tanager, all of which are recognized on the basis of slight differences in plumage.
T. p. parzudakii (Lafresnaye, 1843): The nominate subspecies, it is found in southwestern Venezuela, the eastern Colombian Andes, and the east slope of the Ecuadorian Andes.
T. p. urubambae Zimmer, 1943: It is found on the eastern slope of the Peruvian Andes. It is similar to the nominate, but has a smaller and stubbier beak, a paler crown, and a duller forecrown and belly.
T. p. lunigera (P.L. Sclater, 1851): Also known as the yellow-faced tanager, it is found on the Pacific slope of the Colombian Andes, along with northwestern Ecuador at elevations of . It has an orange-red face instead of a red one. It is recognized as a distinct species by some authorities.
Description
The flame-faced tanager is a distinctive-looking medium-sized species of tanager, being on average in length and in mass. Both sexes of the species look similar.
The body is mostly black and silvery green. The auricle, malar surface, and forecrown is deep red, while the crown and nape is yellow. The underparts are mostly opalescent green mixed with buff. The central belly is pale cinnamon buff, while the flanks and undertail coverts are darker. The lower back and rump are opalescent golden, frequently with a bluish tinge. The iris is dark brown, the bill is black, and the feet are dark gray. Immatures have a dull yellow instead of red on the head. The throat is pale buffy gray, while parts that are black in adults are dull dusky. Overall, the plumage is duller than in the adult.
The nominate subspecies is unlikely to be mistaken for any other species due to the deep red facial plumage, but lunigera resembles the saffron-crowned tanager. However, it can be distinguished due to the latter's greenish breast, yellow crissum (area surrounding cloaca), and smaller size.
Distribution and habitat
Flame-faced tanagers are found in the Andes of Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela, and Peru, at elevations of . It inhabits montane and cloud forests, and is most frequent at elevations above . It is also found in forest edges and tall secondary growth.
Behavior and ecology
The flame-faced tanager is most often found either in pairs or groups of 3–7 birds. It is also often found in mixed-species flocks, which are composed mostly of other tanager species. On average, mixed-species flocks containing the flame-faced tanager have seven other species in them.
Diet
Like other tanagers in its genus, the flame-faced tanager is omnivorous, and feeds on fruit, arthropods, flower buds, and nectar. Foraging is mainly done in the canopy. Preferred types of fruit include species of Miconia and Cecropia. More than half of fruit is collected through gleaning, but can also be collected through probing or other techniques. Arthropods are collected almost entirely from fully and partially moss-covered branches, through a variety of methods such as gleaning and probing.
Breeding
In Colombia, adults were observed feeding each other berries as a part of courtship in February. In Ecuador, populations of the subspecies parzudakii were observed breeding January–July, during the rainy season. Nests were observed mainly in pastures, but some were also found in forests, forest edges, and on human-made structures. Nests are built entirely by the female, in locations that were concealed from all sides. The male waits beside the female while nest building is ongoing, but does not directly help them Nests are bulky, open cups made of stiff fibers, pieces of fern, moss, and other organic material. The nest is internally lined with dead leaves from Chusquea species, dried bromeliad leaves, and pale fibers. Three nests measured in Ecuador had an average outer diameter of , inner diameter of , outer height of , and inner height of .
The clutch size is two eggs, which are incubated by the female. Males feed the female berries while they are incubating. Eggs are white, with pale brown flecking that is densest at the larger end. A sample of 5 eggs from Ecuador measured on average , with an average mass of . Nests with fledglings have been observed in May. Fledglings are fed by both parents. Common food items given include arthropods such as katydids, butterflies and moths, and spiders, and mashed fruits, including berries. Nests inhabited by fledglings are also regularly probed, which helps remove parasites. Fledglings are born without feathers or hair.
Status
The flame-faced tanager is listed as a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List, due to its large range and relative commonness. However, its population is declining due to habitat destruction in its range. The subspecies lunigera, which is recognized as a separate species by the IUCN, is also classified as the least concern for the above reasons.
References
flame-faced tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
flame-faced tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael O'Toole is an Irish classical guitarist and BBQ expert
Education
O'Toole studied for many years with John Feeley at the Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT) Conservatory of Music and Drama, Dublin and also spent two years studying with the renowned Cuban virtuoso Ricardo Iznaola in Denver, Colorado.
They hold a master's degree in performance from University College Cork and a PhD from the DIT Conservatory.
Career
O'Toole has performed extensively throughout Ireland, America and the United Kingdom, and has performed several times on national radio and television.
They have worked with Irish composers Eric Sweeney, Jerome de Bromhead, David Fennessy and Ian Wilson, and has performed in ensemble with the Opera Theatre Company, the RTÉ Concert Orchestra, the Dublin Guitar Quartet and RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra.
They are/was artistic director of The Waltons International Guitar Festival and the "Chord" Ennis International Music Festival, and was also on the board of directors of the prestigious Kilkenny Arts Festival. O'Toole was on the faculty of The Royal Irish Academy of Music and the Music Department at Waterford Institute of Technology.
References
Academics of Dublin City University
Irish classical guitarists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century guitarists
People associated with Waterford Institute of Technology
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lee Khoon Choy ( 24 January 1924 – 27 February 2016) was a Singaporean politician. A member of the governing People's Action Party, they were the Member of Parliament for Braddell Heights SMC between 1977 and 1984, and Hong Lim SMC between 1965 and 1976.
Early life and education
Lee was born in 1924 in Butterworth, Penang, and was educated at Yeok Keow Chinese School and Chung Ling High School in George Town, Penang.
During the Japanese occupation of Penang, they took refuge in their uncle's farm located in a jungle.
They left Singapore for London in 1949 to study journalism at Regent Street Polytechnic on a year-long scholarship.
Career
In 1946 Lee commenced a career in journalism in Penang with Sin Pin Jit Poh, then left for Singapore to work for a number of Chinese (Sin Chew Jit Poh, Nanyang Siang Pau) and English (Singapore Tiger Standard) newspapers before culminating in their working for The Straits Times in 1957.
Politics
Member of Parliament
Resigning in 1959, Lee commenced their political career and was elected to the legislative assembly. They served as Minister of State for Culture, Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), Senior Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, and Senior Minister of State in PMO. They stepped down from their parliamentary positions in 1984.
Diplomat
In 1968 they commenced their diplomatic career, serving as Singapore's Ambassador to Egypt, Ethiopia, Yugoslavia, Lebanon and Indonesia, and High Commissioner in Pakistan. On stepping down from Parliament, they served as Singapore's Ambassador to Japan and South Korea.
Post politics
They retired from public service in 1988, founding their own firm, Eng Lee Investment Consultants, in 1990.
They have been and is a director of a number of companies.  They are currently Chairman of Eng Lee Investment Consultants, and an Independent non-executive director of Koh Brothers Group Ltd. Previous positions held include:
Chairman, Sino-American (UIC) Tours Corporation
Independent director, Metro Holdings
Non-Executive chairperson, SSH Corporation (formerly known as Sin Soon Huat)
Independent director, L & M Group Investments
Bibliography
Lee has published ten books, including:
Lee, Khoon Choy (2013)
Lee, Khoon Choy (2005)
Lee, Khoon Choy (1999) A fragile nation: the Indonesian crisis. World Scientific Publishing.
Lee, Khoon Choy (1995) Japan: Between Myth and Reality. World Scientific Publishing. , 9789810218652.
Lee, Khoon Choy (1993) Diplomacy of a Tiny State. World Scientific Publishing. .
Lee, Khoon Choy (1976) Indonesia: Between Myth and Reality.
Personal life
Lee married Florence Khor Swee Hoon, and they had two sons. Khor died of cancer at age 30 in 1959. In 1962 they married Eng Ah Siam, with whom they have had five daughters.
Lee died in their sleep at home aged 92, at 3am on 27 February 2016.  They are survived by their second wife, seven children and 11 grandchildren.
Honours and awards
1974: (Indonesian) Bintang Bakti Utama (Meritorious Service Star) for their work in enhancing relations between Indonesia and Singapore.
1986: The Scholarly Achievement Award by the Japan Institute of Oriental Philosophy for their achievements in the research and development of eastern philosophy, thought and culture.
1988: (South Korean) Order of Diplomatic Service Merit for their service in promoting relations between South Korea and Singapore.
1990: (Singaporean) Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang (Distinguished Service Order) in recognition of their contributions.
1997: Made an honorary member of the Chinese National Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing for their contributions in the field of humanities and social sciences.
References
External links
Lee Khoon Choy's website
The Lee Khoon Choy Collection at the National Library of Singapore comprises monographs, periodicals and documents pertaining to East Asian culture, art and history. These were acquired from their years of travel around the globe as a journalist, politician, artist and author. Collection Highlights:
Recipients of the Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang
Singaporean journalists
Malaysian journalists
Singaporean diplomats
Ambassadors of Singapore to Egypt
Ambassadors of Singapore to Ethiopia
Ambassadors of Singapore to Yugoslavia
Ambassadors of Singapore to Lebanon
Ambassadors of Singapore to Indonesia
Ambassadors of Singapore to Japan
Ambassadors of Singapore to South Korea
High Commissioners of Singapore to Pakistan
Members of the Parliament of Singapore
1924 births
2016 deaths
Singaporean people of Hakka descent
Malaysian emigrants to Singapore
People who lost Malaysian citizenship
Naturalised citizens of Singapore
People from Meixian District
Hakka writers
People's Action Party politicians
The Badush Dam is an unfinished multi-purpose dam on the Tigris River, located near Badush, northwest of Mosul in the Ninawa Governorate, northern Iraq.
If completed, the dam's designed main purpose is to provide protection from a failure of the unstable Mosul Dam upstream. In addition, the hydroelectric power station would have an installed capacity of 170 MW and the dam would further regulate tailwaters from Mosul Dam.
History
In response to concerns over Mosul Dam's karst foundation, Iraqi's Ministry of Irrigation began construction in 1988. Works on the dam ended in 1991 due to economic sanctions against Iraq. Other problems troubled construction as well, particularly lethal gas exhalation. Significant construction on the dam along with the hydro-power unit housing had occurred. The dam is roughly 40 percent complete.
Current project
Concerns over the stability of the Mosul Dam significantly contributed to recent efforts to restart construction of the Badush Dam, and possibly expand it as well.
As early as December 2005, Iraq's Ministry of Water Resources was developing a project to restart construction on the dam. Currently, it would cost about US$300 million to complete the initial design but the Government of Iraq is wary of spending an additional US$10 billion to expand the dam's size in order to help mitigate a potential failure of the Mosul Dam.
The current project contains a main earth-fill dam with an inclined clay core and other random fills, two saddle dams (earth-fill dams) at the left bank and a concrete dam (hollow buttress type) at the right bank. The concrete dam includes eight bottom outlets, a spillway and four power intakes and conduits, a stilling basin, headrace and tailrace channels. There is a power house, close to the concrete dam. The Badush Dam's spillway will have a maximum output of ; each hydro-power unit will have a capacity of for a total of . The bottom outlets, power station and spillway combined afford a discharge capacity of
The normal reservoir level is above sea level and the maximum level is . The allowance between the normal and maximum is for flood protection from a Mosul Dam collapse. At its maximum level the Badush reservoir can hold , enough to absorb and pass a Mosul Dam wave, according to a wave study.
References
External links
Dams in Iraq
Dams on the Tigris River
Hydroelectric power stations in Iraq
Nineveh Governorate
Geography of Iraqi Kurdistan
Proposed hydroelectric power stations
Proposed renewable energy power stations in Iraq
The 2020–21 Legia Warsaw season was the club's 104th season of existence, and their 84rd in the top flight of Polish football.
Players
Pre-season squad
Season squad
Transfers
In
Out
Friendlies
In January 2021, Legia Warsaw faced Liwa FC (8–0 victory), Dynamo Kyiv (2–0 victory), FC Krasnodar (0–0 draw), Stomil Olsztyn (3–1 victory) and Legia Warsaw II (3–0 victory).
Competitions
Ekstraklasa
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Polish Super Cup
Polish Cup
Champions League
Qualifying phase
Europa League
Qualifying phase
Statistics
Goalscorers
Notes
References
External links
Legia Warsaw seasons
Legia Warsaw
Legia Warsaw
Legia Warsaw
The Daouk family (), originally the family can trace its roots back to al-Andalus or Andalusia, before the Reconquista took place. ( Daaqa, meaning "to induce"),[1] also transliterated as (Daouk, Al Daouk and Daooq) is a prominent Beiruti family that stemmed in Ras Beirut, Lebanon during the 15th century; after fleeing Marrakesh, Morocco, the family escaped Morocco in the late 12th century from Marrakesh to the Levant during the Reconquista inquisition. The immigration came as a consequence of the heavy influx of refugees from the Iberian Peninsula. This was due to the heavy influx of Arab refugees coming from the Iberian Peninsula to the Maghreb and the Levant following the fall of Al-Andalus to the Catholic Monarchs.
The family would then become one of Beirut's prominent families after a truce that would bind them to the 'Seven Families of Beirut' agreement of 1350 (disputed with 1351). The agreement was a written one, which engulfed the houses of: Sinno, Kreidiyyeh, Itani, Doughan, Mneimneh and the Houry family alongside the Daouk family. Although the original agreement has been lost in history, the legacy of this agreement survives until the present day. This is given by the fact that most of Beirut's original families descend from, or are related to one of the Seven Families. The families' names however, were not necessarily written and spelled the same as they are known to be today. The Daouks initially arrived to Beirut as the ‘Dawakites' or الدواكة and eventually became the house of Daouk or آل الداعوق.
The agreement of 1350 allowed the Seven Families to act as a single body to govern and protect Beirut. The Seven Families subsequently signed an agreement with the ruling Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt. The agreement conferred that they would administer Beirut's internal affairs and protect its people, while the Mamluks under Prince Soudoon I, would handle the military aspects within and outside Beirut. The agreement was a mean of protecting Beirut from foreign powers.
It also ensured that all Beirutis would be entrusted with the protection of Beirut and therefore would be able to become one of the seven families that may caretake a gate. However, the Seven Families retained this entitlement mostly if not not every time for unknown reasons. It is mostly agreed on the grounds that these families were known as the ‘Omana', the trustworthy ones. The agreement would stay enacted throughout the era of the Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt, which spanned between 1250 to 1517, until its downfall at the hands of the Ottoman Empire.
Introduction
The Daouk Family is known as one of the 'Seven Families of Beirut' along the other six families; the Mneimneh Family, the Sinno Family, the Kreidiyyeh Family, the Itani Family, the Doughan Family and the Houry Family. The Daouk Family members mostly reside in Ras Beirut and other districts within the Lebanese Capital. Other smaller communities of the family may also reside in California, Ontario, Quebec, Marrakesh and Syrian cities such as Damascus and Hama. The majority of the family adhere to either the Sunni faith of Islam or Christianity.
Current
As of today, the family is mostly known for the Izzat Daouk franchise and Mohammad Amin Daouk who is the President of Nejmeh SC, one of the oldest and most successful Lebanese football clubs. Other influential members include Walid Daouk who was the Information Minister of Lebanon in 2011 and Amine Mohammad Daouk, the president of the Makassed Organization.
The social status of the family has been prominent throughout the past two centuries especially in Lebanese governance and politics. The most two notable members are Omar Beik Daouk and Ahmad Daouk. Omar served as the first Head of State of Beirut throughout the Ottoman Era. Ahmad Daouk was the Prime Minister of Lebanon in 1941 and 1960; they were also Minister of National Defense in their own cabinet. During their period as Prime Minister, Lebanon enjoyed very close relationships and alliances with the United States and France.
Omar Daouk had 2 sons, Mohamed and Hasan. Hasan Omar Daouk's wife, Hassana Fathallah-Daouk, was a prominent philanthropist member of several cultural organizations, such as the Lebanese Red Cross. They were also president of the Child and Mother Welfare Society, which runs a hospital, senior housing, and a development and career training center promoting the health and social success of modest income families in Beirut. They have a street named after them near the headquarters of that organization. Hassana was awarded the Lebanese Golden Medal of Achievement, the highest civilian honor awarded by the Republic of Lebanon.
The family's members currently run an annual event by where all members of the extensive family meet each and get to know each other. Such events are regularly hosted in Beirut's Movenpick Hotel. The Lebanese sweet 'Daoukieh' was named after the family due to its creator who was Daouk.
May Daouk currently owns one of Beirut's mostly beautiful and rare villas. Its uniqueness comes from the fact that the villa is a blend of traditional Beiruti-Lebanese architecture with a hint of a modern touch of May's choice. The villa has been featured on many websites and social media networks such as Pinterest and Architectural Digest.
Legacy
The legacy of the Daouk Family is one that is noteworthy, to the extent that two streets in the Beirut Central District are named after them. Omar Daouk Street is situated at the heart of the Lebanese Capital minutes away from Downtown Beirut (Coordinates: 33°53'55"N 35°29'53"E.) The street consists of two parallel roads, with residential and commercial buildings in between the roads that merge at the Omar Daouk Square. "The Omar Daouk Square was designed by Mohammad Halawi around a bust by Maguerditch Mazmanian of Omar Daouk himself. With the aim of upgrading the square from a green island into a space connected to the surroundings, the new design of the Omar Daouk Square enlarges its size, introduces three terraces to soften the site incline, and creates an attractive open area where one can sit and rest." Ahmad Daouk Street (Coordinates: 33°54'3.61"N35°30'0.00" E) is perpendicular to Bab Idriss, which is connected to Omar Daouk Street. The street is two blocks from the Lebanese parliament and consists of a double-way two lane road connecting Beirut's Corniche Road to the Beirut Central District.
The Daouk Family historically resided in The Rose House in Ras Beirut. Alongside the Adrati Family, the Daouk Family preserved the Beirut landmark that was built in 1882 having settled in the villa for nearly three decades. Today it is currently owned outside the family by Hisham Jaroudi.
Notable Members of the Daouk Family
Ahmad Daouk: Prime Minister of Lebanon in 1941 and 1960; they were also Minister of National Defense in their own cabinet.
Amine Mohammad Daouk: Lebanese engineer that graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  They are the president of the Makassed Philanthropic Islamic Association of Beirut.
Ghaleb Daouk: Lebanese doctor that graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology who currently works in the Harvard Medical School.
Izzat Daouk: Founder of the Izzat Daouk Franchise, they are the first Lebanese business person to internationally commercialize cosmetics and beauty care from Lebanon.
.
Khaled Daouk: Ireland's Honorary Consul General in Beirut from 1988 until 2008.  They are also a prominent Lebanese business person.
Maher Daouk: Lebanese business person and member of Solidere board of directors since May 1994.
May Daouk: Lebanese architect notable for their works on May Daouk's Beirut Villas.  They are a graduate of Institut Le Rosey.
Mohammad Amin Daouk: Lebanese business person and current President of Nejmeh SC, one of the oldest and most successful Lebanese football clubs in the Lebanese Premiere League.
Walid Daouk: Former Information Minister of Lebanon in 2011 and a business person.
Photo gallery
References
Daouk
Paintings
External links
Sources
Works by Italian people
Chierici
Laughlintown is an unincorporated community in Ligonier Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Laughlintown is located on U.S. Route 30 southeast of Ligonier. Laughlintown has a post office with ZIP code 15655, which opened on May 16, 1825.
The Compass Inn, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Laughlintown. Also the Rolling Rock Club and The Washington Furnace Inn is located in Laughlintown.
Laughlintown has a population of 332, according to the most recent U.S. census.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
"Easy to Love" is the title of a R&B single by For Real, it was the second single from their debut album It's a Natural Thang. Billboard magazine noted "super-tight harmonies that are prominent, but not overshadowing; instantly memorable melody stands as the cut's focal point.
Tracklisting
Maxi-Promo CD & 12" Vinyl
1.) Easy To Love (LP Edit) [4:11]
2.) Easy To Love (Silky Soul 7") [4:18]
3.) Easy To Love (Da Eazy Urban Remix Radio) [3:56]
4.) Easy To Love (Jason Remix) [4:21]
5.) Easy To Love (In Da Soul Old Skool Radio) [3:58]
Chart positions
References
1994 singles
1993 songs
For Real songs
A&M Records singles
Al Themaid (; also spelled Al Thumaid) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of zone no. 51 which has a population of 56,027 and also includes Izghawa, Gharrafat Al Rayyan, Al Gharrafa, Rawdat Egdaim, Bani Hajer and Al Seej.
It borders Rawdat Egdaim to the south and south-east, Izghawa 71 in Umm Salal Municipality to the east, Al Froosh in Umm Salal Municipality to the north, and Rawdat Al Jahhaniya to the west.
History
Until the district's development in the 1960s, it was a popular hunting area for local falconry enthusiasts.
Etymology
An Arabic term, "thumaid" roughly translates to "shallow area that holds water". This name was given in recognition of a shallow well found here. This historic well is found in the district's southern portion in a rawda (depression).
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Gelasimus vomeris is a species of fiddler crab found in the south west Pacific Ocean. In Australia it is found in the east and north from Darwin to Sydney.
It is commonly known as the Two-toned fiddler crab, Orange-clawed fiddler crab or Southern calling fiddler crab, however the common name Orange-clawed fiddler crab is also used for the fiddler crab Tubuca coarctata. Previous binomial names include Uca Vomeris and Uca Vocans Vomeris.
The carapace is up to 30mm across, black-brown with blue patches to varying extent. Adult males have an enlarged claw with a grey or pink upper finger, and orange lower finger and hand. Like other fiddler crabs the claw is used to scare or fight other males, and in waving displays to attract females. The lower male claw has a large triangular protection in the most distant part from the body.
The preferred habitat of these crabs is unshaded sandy mud. They are found in bays, estuaries and creeks, living in burrows at lower tide levels which they stay close to, typically < 1m while feeding. There is a predominance of right handed individuals in colonies, one study finding left handed individuals forming only 1.4% of the study population.
If caught, the colors of Gelasimus vomeris crabs will become less brilliant within minutes, and in response to the presence of predators in an area, the blue color of these fiddler crabs will change over a few days to a dull muddy brown.
References
External links
Video of Gelasimus vomeris on YouTube
Crustaceans of the Pacific Ocean
Ocypodoidea
Serpukhovsky (masculine), Serpukhovskaya (feminine), or Serpukhovskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Serpukhovsky District, a district of Moscow Oblast, Russia
Serpukhovskaya, a station of the Moscow Metro, Moscow, Russia
Ceracanthia mamella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1919, and is known from Costa Rica, Guatemala, and Panama.
References
Moths described in 1919
Phycitinae
A filter in turn is a type of traffic junction found in the Channel Islands. The basic concept of the system is that vehicles are required to take turns to go through the junction. Filter in turn junctions take slightly different forms across the island.
Due to a signage change in Jersey, both islands now use the same sign to indicate a filter in turn.
Jersey
In Jersey, there are five filters in turns.The first is a roundabout in Beaumont where traffic must take turns to move round the roundabout rather than the regular system of give way to the right.
Three of the junctions are on the St Helier ring road and were introduced in 2012. They are effectively merged in turn junctions at various gyratories on the system. They were introduced to improve road safety.
The final filter in turn is located at the end of Victoria Avenue. Traffic in both lanes where the dual carriageway reduces to a single carriageway must take it in turns to merge into the new lane in conditions of heavy traffic. These are accompanied by signs telling road users to use both lanes. This system exists to prevent the build-up of traffic during peak traffic times.
Guernsey
In Guernsey, filter in turn junctions are more common than in Jersey and are used in a variety of road situations. This is because (unlike Jersey) Guernsey has no road classification system, and traffic speeds tend to be lower, so roads more often have equal priority. Guernsey often uses box junctions at filter in turns to ensure traffic filtering does not block other traffic at peak times. Unlike in Jersey, filter in turns have painted "FILTER" markings on the road.
Elsewhere
While a formal filter-in-turn road rule does not exist elsewhere, road users in other countries may spontaneously adopt a similar arrangement from time to time at merge junctions where traffic is slow-moving and roughly equally heavy on both roads, even where one road has legal priority. A similar junction, known as an all-way stop, is common in North America and South Africa, where the vehicle that stops first proceeds.
References
Road infrastructure
Road junction types
Roundabouts and traffic circles
Michael Thomas Lucky (born November 23, 1975) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys. They played college football at the University of Arizona.
Early years
Lucky was born in Antioch, California where they played in Antioch Youth Football. They attended Antioch High School. As a junior, they tallied 17 receptions for 350 yards and 5 touchdowns, while receiving second-team All-Bay Valley Athletic honors.
As a senior, they served as team captain and recorded 36 receptions for 650 yards and 11 touchdowns, while receiving All-Bay Valley Athletic honors at tight end and defensive tackle. They also earned All-Northern California and All-state honors. They left high school rated as the 15th best tight end in the country by SuperPrep magazine.
They also are named All-Bay Valley Athletic in basketball. Their best game came in their junior season, posting career highs in points (33) and rebounds (18), during a 75-67 overtime victory over Pinole Valley High School. In 2014, they were inducted into the Antioch Sports Hall of Fame.
College career
Lucky accepted a football scholarship from the University of Arizona, where they became a three-year starter for the Wildcats, starting 35 of their final 36 games. As a redshirt first-year student, they appeared in 11 games, starting the last 2 contests, while making 5 receptions for 99 yards.
As a sophomore, they were named the starter at tight end, making 14 receptions for 168 yards and 2 touchdowns. As a junior, they finished fourth on the team with 13 receptions for 154 yards and 2 touchdowns, helping the team win the Insight.com Bowl.
They started 35 of their final 36 games for the Wildcats, catching 46 passes for 534 yards and four TDs in their college career. They were fourth on the team in receiving yards as a
As a senior, their role changed to focus more on blocking, but still was fourth on the team with 11 receptions for 142 yards. They had 40 knockdown blocks, helping the team average 213 rushing yards-per-game (14th in the nation). In the last game against Arizona State University, their blocking contributed to the offense gaining 607 rushing yards, including a school record 288 rushing yards by Trung Canidate.
They finished as one of the school's top receiving tight ends, with 43 receptions for 563 yards and 4 touchdowns. They also earned their degree in Political science.
Professional career
Lucky was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the seventh round (229th overall) of the 1999 NFL Draft, with the intention of using them as a blocking tight end, because their size was comparable to that of an offensive tackle. Their rookie season got off to a difficult start as they suffered a stress fracture in their left foot on August 27 and was forced to miss five weeks, including the first 2 games. On October 3, they earned their first career start and first career reception, both against the Arizona Cardinals. They appeared in 14 games with 4 starts, while making 5 receptions for 25 yards.
In 2000, they were expected to have a bigger role in the offense, They until suffering a career-threatening injury, tearing the ACL, MCL and PCL in their right knee during the pre-season opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers. They underwent re-constructive surgery to repair the ligaments in their knee on August 1, 2000, and was placed on the injured reserve list.
In 2001, they returned to action after 12 months of rehab, earning 5 starts in 16 games, behind tight end Jackie Harris. Their blocking helped bring about a resurgence in the team's running game that saw the Cowboys rank third in the league with 136.5 yards-per-game on the ground. As a receiver, they recorded 13 receptions for 96 yards and their first and only career touchdown. In view of their comeback, their teammates voted them the recipient of their 2001 Ed Block Courage Award.
In 2002, they were the team's third-string tight end, appearing in 16 games (no starts) and making one reception for 22 yards. They also are a part of the 17-14 loss to the Seattle Seahawks, where Emmitt Smith broke the NFL all-time rushing record. They retired because of knee injuries after the season.
Personal life
Off the field, they showed support for the Race for the Cure in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, which benefits the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation. They also donated time to "Our Children's Center in Irving".
Lucky and their wife Deanna have a daughter, Madison. Deanna was a member of the inaugural Dallas Desperados Dancers team. Lucky and their family now live in Mesa, Arizona.
References
External links
Antioch Sports Hall of Fame bio
Mike Lucky NFL Combine Results
1975 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Arizona Wildcats football players
Dallas Cowboys players
People from Antioch, California
Players of American football from California
Sportspeople from the San Francisco Bay Area
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Tsukioka Station may refer to the following train stations in Japan:
Tsukioka Station (Niigata) (月岡駅), in Niigata Prefecture
Tsukioka Station (Toyama) (月岡駅), in Toyama Prefecture
Generative audio refers to the creation of audio files from databases of audio clips. This technology differs from AI voices such as Apple's Siri or Amazon's Alexa, which use a collection of fragments that are stitched together on demand.
"Generative audio works differently [to traditional digital voices], using neural networks to learn the statistical properties of the audio source in question, then reproducing those properties directly in any context, modelling how speech changes not just second-by-second, but millisecond-by-millisecond."
Implications
With this technology, a person's voice could be replicated to speak phrases that may have never been spoken by them. This could lead to a synthetic version of a public figure's voice being used against them.
"When a natural source such as a human voice or a musical instrument produces a sound, the resulting acoustic wave is generated by a time-varying excitation pattern of a possibly time-varying channel, and the sound characteristics depend both on the excitation signal and on the production system."
Technology
This method uses generative adversarial network (GAN), a deep machine learning technique where two machine learning models work against each other to create realistic audio. "...algorithms were able to produce speech that occasionally sounded perceptually similar to the target speaker but work remains to be done."
See also
Generative Art
Generative Music
References
Sound production
Rudnik is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1,490 people.
History
In 1363 it was under the control of Nikola Altmanović. It probably fell under the control of their uncle Vojislav Vojinović some years early and had been granted to Nikola as a vassal.
Mineral resources in this area attracted the attention of the Old Romans, who conquered this region later since they needed the ore to forge coins and arms. After a long period of battles with the Celts and the remaining Illyrians, the area was integrated into the Roman provinces. Right next to the mine shafts on the south-western side of Mt. Rudnik, a stone plate was found with the inscription: TERRA MATER TEA – “The Mother Earth Goddess”. This temple served to the miners who prayed there for rescue in case of emergency before entering the shaft. The temple was destroyed at one point in time, to be reconstructed by the Emperor Septimius Severus, who placed the above- mentioned stone plate at its entrance. One millennium later first documents mentioning Rudnik can be found. Since 1300 silver coins in medieval Serbia are made at Rudnik under the rule od king Dragutin. It was a prosperous time for Rudnik. This importance of Rudnik last for more than 150 years, until 1458. Coins had 2.4 grs and they were more valuable than other coins made in Serbia. Apart from Silver, Lead and Copper were also extracted.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Jens Rathke (14 November 1769 – 28 February 1855) was a Norwegian professor, scientist and zoologist.
Biography
Rathke was born in Christiania (now Oslo), Norway. They were the son of Casper Elias Rathke (1729-1777) and Margaretha Madsdatter Schultz (1735-1812).
They were a student at the Christiania Cathedral School until 1787. Rathke took Cand.theol. at the University of Copenhagen in 1792, but soon left theology and began to study natural sciences.
In 1810, they became a professor at Copenhagen, where they also undertook lessons in botany and mineralogy beside zoology. In 1813, they moved to the University of Christiania (now University of Oslo) as a professor of natural history. They made several trips to along the Norwegian coast from Bergen to Lofoten to investigate the conditions of fisheries. They presented the results of these studies in Beiträge zur Fauna Norwegens which was published in 1843. At their death they bequeathed their estate and funded a trust (Rathkes legat) at the University of Oslo to use for study of Norway's natural conditions.
References
1769 births
1855 deaths
Scientists from Oslo
University of Copenhagen alumni
University of Copenhagen faculty
University of Oslo faculty
18th-century Norwegian scientists
19th-century Norwegian zoologists
18th-century Norwegian educators
19th-century Norwegian educators
Jisk'a Kunturiri (Aymara jisk'a little, kunturi condor, -ri a suffix, Kunturiri the name of a neighboring mountain, "little Kunturiri", Hispanicized spelling Jiskha Condoriri) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia which rises up to . It is situated in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, Curahuara de Carangas Municipality, Sajama Canton, north-west of the extinct Sajama volcano. Kunturi lies south-west of the mountains Jach'a Kunturiri ("big Kunturiri") and Pumuta, north-east of Patilla Pata and the small lake named Ch'iyar Quta and east of the mountain Kunturiri.
The Kunturiri River originates east of the mountain. It flows to the south and then to the east as a tributary of the Sajama River.
See also
Sajama National Park
List of mountains in the Andes
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, features relatively few skyscrapers compared its peer cities, due to a 1908 Massachusetts state law limiting the city's building height to 125', which remained in effect until 1970. In 1907-08, the construction of 1200 Main Street caused such an outcry in both Springfield and Boston that the Massachusetts State Legislature passed a law limiting commercial building height in Springfield to 125' – the height of the steeple of Springfield's Old First Church (the fourth incarnation of which had been constructed in 1819). As a consequence, Springfield did not develop a modern skyline in the pre-World War II styles of art deco or neo-classicism; however, many 'human-scale' versions of both styles exist in Springfield.
Springfield's height limit was broached purposely in 1970, after the U.S. government had closed the Springfield Armory and many residents began to complain that Springfield looked too Victorian, architecturally. The Baystate West tower (now known as Tower Square, bearing MassMutual's name), standing 371', was designed that year in the brutalist International style by renowned architect Pietro Belluschi. Several major downtown projects followed in the 1970s and 1980s, creating an impressive modern skyline accented by the Campanile tower of 1913 (the one building which was allowed to breach the height law imposed on Springfield by Massachusetts).
See also
Springfield Municipal Group
Hotel Kimball
Springfield Memorial Bridge
List of the tallest buildings in Boston
List of the tallest buildings in Cambridge, Massachusetts
List of the tallest buildings in Worcester, Massachusetts
List of the tallest buildings in Massachusetts, exclusive of Boston
References
Springfield
Springfield, Massachusetts
Tallest buildings, Springfield
Tallest buildings, Springfield
Springfield
Fifth Colvmn Records was a record label based in Washington, DC. The label was founded in 1990 by Zalman Fishman, owner of the nightclub FIFTH
COLVMN, located in Washington D.C.
The label's first release was Chemlab's debut EP Ten Ton Pressure. Jared Hendrickson of Chemlab also became the general manager for the label. Chemlab later played several dates with Nine-Inch Nails, eventually attracting a distribution deal for their next release, Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar, with Metal Blade Records.
The band Thud was the next artist to join the label. Heavy, loud and unrelenting, Thud became very popular amongst Metal fans and critics alike luring Eli Janney from Girls Against Boys to contribute to their debut record Life & Death and earning co-headling performances with Stone Temple Pilots. After the re-release of Ten Ton Pressure with some new songs and remixes the label's release strategy turned more aggressive and sharply focused on growth. In 1994 the label signed a distribution deal with Caroline Records, which covered all releases except Chemlab, who were still governed by their deal with Metal Blade Records. Three new developing artists saw their debut albums released by Fifth Colvmn forming a solid foundation upon which the label could be built. These artists were Haloblack, Acumen (now Acumen Nation) and electronic/ambient project Perceptual Outer Dimensions.
The following year brought explosive growth as the label established itself as the U.S. home for two cutting edge European Industrial Rock labels; Hard Records and Cyber-tec Records. Cyber-tec Records was exclusive to FCR. Hard Records' agreement with FCR saw the release of two Luc van Acker solo albums as well as the Max M Corporation. Cyber-tec Records' exciting brand of EBM/Industrial Rock was exposed to American audiences through the release of the bands New Mind and a unique side-project of Jean-Luc DeMeyer of Front 242 entitled the Cyber-tec Project. Other projects of note that saw the light of day included a trippy, dream-pop album from Die Warzau members Jim Marcus and Van Christie with Jane Jensen on vocals, a project from Black Rain that also served as the score to the European version of the film Johnny Mnemonic based on the William Gibson short story of the same name and a spooky voudou/goth-rock project led by Rodney Orpheus of goth-rock pioneer Cassandra Complex. Through its network of musicians and studio techs throughout Chicago, FCR connected with John Elliott of the band Dessau. Originally signed to Carlyle Records, an early industrial-dance label, Dessau's latest demo included guest spots from Paul Barker of Ministry and Richard Patrick formerly of Nine-Inch Nails. Along with the Cyber-tec Project, Dessau's "Details Sketchy" release would help buoy the label to a very solid first full year.
1996, saw the label release some very strong follow-up records including the long-awaited "East Side Militia", Chemlab's follow-up to their debut full-length "Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar" originally released in 1993. In addition to Chemlab, Acumen released "Territory = Universe" a follow-up to "Transmissions from Eville" and Haloblack released "funkyhell" following their debut entitled "Tension Filter". There were new artists joining the fold in this year as well. Death Ride 69, a project involving members of My Life with the Thrill Kill Kult, Trust Obey a creation from John Bergin, a co-creator of The Crow comic book and James Ray, a contemporary of Andrew Eldritch's from the Sisters of Mercy who re-issued a selection of their collaborations with Eldritch, all released debut records on FCR in 1996. Also new to the FCR fold was Final Cut. At one point Final Cut called Nettwerk Records home and regularly toured with My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult. "Atonement" was released by Final Cut on FCR in the Fall of 1996 and helped build the label's credibility amongst musicians.
While trying to build upon a shaky distribution deal, the label entered 1997 supporting Chemlab on tour with art-metal visionaries GWAR and a selection of artists including The Shining, artists from the Italian label sub/mission and an assortment of electronic, drum and bass and dance records on the Full-Contact Records imprint.
Following an investigation for tax evasion, the Fifth Column nightclub closed in 1996. Although a separate entity, the label eventually suffered as well and ceased operation in 1997.
This label is not to be confused by the similarly titled, but unrelated, hip hop record company called Fifth Column Records, which was founded in 2015.
Discography
Fifth Colvmn Records discography
See also
List of record labels
Notable artists
References
American record labels
Record labels established in 1990
Record labels disestablished in 1997
Industrial record labels
Kumanica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 192 inhabitants.
References
External links
Populated places in Moravica District
The Cruz Trading Post at 200 W. Main St. in Casa Grande, Arizona was built around 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It is a stuccoed adobe building, Pueblo Revival in style since it was modified into that style, around 1937:
Built by Thomas Tomlinson around 1888, it was originally a one-story rectangular adobe building with double entries and functioned as a general store and post office until 1897. Between 1897 and 1898 the building was operated as Ben Bible's Saloon. It continued to be used for general stores, offices for doctors, the telephone office, a lodge meeting hall, and as the Casa Grande Valley Bank building until 1937, when Ramon Cruz purchased it for their trading post.
The building was remodeled around that time into its current Pueblo Revival style, and served as an Indian trading post until 1955.
In 1985, it was a tavern.
Ramon Cruz, Sr., was a well-known Casa Grande business person. After operating a trading post in Sacatan they moved to Casa Grande in 1905 and opened a trading post. After their death in 1924, their sons continued the family business for man years. Cruz was a respected Casa Grande citizen and a member of the first elementary school board. This building is one of Casa Grande's oldest commercial buildings, is in sound condition, and retains its stylistic vigas and pressed tin ceiling. It is the only example in Casa Grande of a commercial building executed in a Pueblo Revival Style. Both the age of the building and the building's unique style contribute to its significance.
It was listed onto the National Register as part of a study of historic resources in Casa Grande.
AZCentral identified it as one of "Historic Pinal County properties you need to see" in 2016.
References
External links
Pueblo Revival architecture in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Pinal County, Arizona
Buildings and structures completed in 1888
Internet network operators' groups (NOGs) are informal, country-based, or regional groups that exist to provide forums for Internet network operators to discuss matters of mutual interest, usually through a combination of mailing lists and annual conferences. Although these groups have no formal power, their members are typically influential members of the Internet service provider (ISP), Internet exchange point (IXP), regional Internet registry (RIR), operational security community, Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) operations, Domain Name System (DNS) and root zone operations, and other network operations communities, and discussions within these groups are often influential in the overall process of ensuring the Internet remains operational, robust, secure, and stable. They also allow networking professionals and other members of the research and technical communities to update each other on their work, share news and updates, exchange best practices, discuss new technologies or protocols, teach and learn from each other, network with other members of the community, and discuss current network- and Internet-related issues and challenges.
List of Internet network operators' groups
Global Scope
GNA – Global NOG Alliance
Africa
Af-IX – African Community for IXPs
AfNOG – Africa Network Operators' Group
SAFNOG – Southern African Network Operators' Group
KZNNOG – Kwazulu Natal Network Operators' Group
AONOG – Angola Network Operators' Group
cmNOG – Cameroonian Network Operators' Group
CGNOG – Congo Network Operators' Group
ghNOG – Ghana Network Operators' Group
ngNOG – Nigerian Network Operators' Group
RWNOG – Rwanda Network Operators' Group
SnNOG - Senegal Network Operations Group
SdNOG – Sudan Network Operators' Group
tzNOG – Tanzania Network Operators' Group
SomNOG - Somalia Network Operators' Group
ugNOG - Uganda Network Operators' Group
AFRINIC – African Network Information Centre
AIS (African Internet Summit) & AFRINIC Regional Meetings – AFRINIC Service Region Meetings
The Americas
Latin America and the Caribbean
CaribNOG – Caribbean Network Operators' Group
LAC-IX – Latin America & Caribbean Community for IXPs
LACNOG – Latin American & Caribbean Region Network Operators' Group
NOG Ecuador – Ecuador Network Operators' Group
ArNOG – Argentina Network Operators' Group
NOG Chile – Chile Network Operators' Group
NOG Bolivia – Bolivia Network Operators' Group
Northern America
NANOG – North American Network Operators' Group
CHI-NOG – Chicago Network Operators' Group
NYNOG – New York Network Operators' Group
MBNOG – Manitoba Network Operators' Group
MTLNOG – Montreal Network Operators' Group
Asia and Oceania
Asia-Pacific
PacNOG – The Pacific Network Operators' Group
SANOG – South Asia Network Operators' Group
AusNOG – Australia Network Operators' Group
BdNOG – Bangladesh Network Operators' Group
btNOG – Bhutan Network Operators' Group
CNNOG – China Network Operators' Group
HKNOG – Hong Kong Network Operators' Group
INNOG – India Network Operators' Group
IDNOG – Indonesia Network Operators' Group
JANOG – Japan Network Operators' Group
LKNOG - Lanka Network Operators' Group
MyNOG – Malaysia Network Operators' Group
MMNOG – Myanmar Network Operators' Group
MNNOG – Mongolian Network Operators' Group
NPNOG – Nepal Network Operators' Group
PANOG – Pakistan Network Operators' Group
PHNOG – Philippines Network Operators' Group
SGNOG – Singapore Network Operators' Group
THNOG – Thailand Network Operators' Group
NZNOG – New Zealand Network Operators' Group
Additional Asia-Pacific technical networking and peering communities
APIX – The Asian Community for Internet Exchange Points
APOPS – The Asia Pacific Operators Forum
APRICOT – The Asia Pacific Regional Internet Conference on Operational Technologies
APIAP – The Asia Pacific Internet Association
APIPv6TF – The Asia Pacific IPv6 Task Force
Middle East
MENOG – Middle East Network Operators' Group
IRNOG – Iranian Internet Network Operators' Group - (گروه گردانندگان شبکه اینترنت ایران - ایرناگ)
TRNOG – Turkish Network Operators' Group (Türkiye Network Operatörleri Grubu)
Europe
CSNOG – Czech and Slovak Network Operators Group
CEE Peering Days – Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) Peering Days
ENOG – Eurasia Network Operators' Group (Russian Federation, CIS, and Eastern Europe)
European Internet Exchange Association – Euro-IX (the European community for IXPs)
NORDNOG – Nordic Network Operators' Group
RIPE – Réseaux IP Européens Network
SEE – South East Europe / RIPE NCC regional meeting
ALNOG – Albanian Network Operators' Group
ATNOG – Austrian Network Operators' Group
BENOG – Belgium Network Operators' Group
NOG.BG – Bulgarian Network Operations' Group
DKNOG – Danish Network Operators' Group
ESNOG – Spanish Network Operators' Group
nog.fi – Network Operators' Group of Finland
FRnOG – France Network Operators' Group
DENOG – German Network Operators' Group
GRnOG – Greece Network Operators' Group
GTER – Spain Network Operators' Group (Grupo de Operadores de Red Españoles, ESNOG)
ITNOG – Italian Network Operators' Group
iNOG – Ireland Network Operators' Group
LINX
NLNOG – Netherlands Network Operators' Group
NONOG – Norwegian Network Operators' Group
PLNOG – Polish Network Operators' Group
PTNOG – Portuguese Network Operators' Group
RSNOG – Republic of Serbia Network Operators' Group
RONOG – Romania Network Operators' Group
SINOG – Slovenia Network Operators' Group
SOF – Swedish Operators' Forum
SwiNOG – Swiss Network Operators' Group
UANOG – Ukraine Network Operators' Group
UKNOF – United Kingdom Network Operators' Forum
Additional links
The Asia-Pacific Network Information Centre's (APNIC) list of NOGs in the Asia-Pacific region
Bugest NOG list
The Internet Society's (ISOC) development activities
List of Internet exchange points
The Network Startup Resource Center's Network Education and Training Calendar of Events, listing NOGs and their meeting dates
NOG meeting dates and related Internet events
RIPE NCC's NOG resource page
Senki NOG list
See also
Regional Internet registry
Internet exchange point
Network Operators' Groups
Footnotes
Tomopteridae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Briaraea Quoy & Gaimard, 1827
Enapteris Rosa, 1908
Escholtzia Quatrefages, 1866
Tomopteris Eschscholtz, 1825
References
Phyllodocida
Yuriy Martynyuk (, born 9 October 1974 in Kharkiv) is a former Ukrainian footballer and football manager.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Kharkiv
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Tiraspol players
FC Arsenal Kharkiv players
FC Stal Kamianske players
FC Hazovyk-KhGV Kharkiv players
FC Lokomotyv Dvorichna players
FC Ekibastuz players
FC Solli Plyus Kharkiv players
FC Stal Kamianske managers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Association football forwards
Meredith Hunter (born 22 July 1962), Australian politician, is a former member of the multi-member unicameral Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Ginninderra for the ACT Greens from 2008 to 2012. They were also the Parliamentary Convenor of the ACT Greens.
Early life and background
Hunter (née Stevenson) was born in Canberra to John and Judy Stevenson. Them grandmother, Mary Stevenson, was the first woman elected to the ACT Advisory Council and was president of the Liberal Party's ACT Women's Branch. They were educated at the Australian National University and was later made an Adjunct Professional Associate at the University of Canberra.
Hunter had a high profile in the community sector prior to their election. They began their career as a youth worker in Canberra and went on to become a prominent youth affairs advocate. They were the director of the Youth Coalition of the ACT for over ten years and held executive positions with a number of national peak bodies, including the Australian Youth Affairs Coalition and National Shelter. Hunter was also a vocal spokesperson on community sector viability and social welfare issues, serving on the Board of the ACT Council of Social Service and as Chairwoman of ACT Shelter. Notably, Hunter was appointed Chair of the Youth Homelessness Strategy and Chair of Anti-Poverty Week. In 2008, they were given a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Youth Coalition for their contribution to children and young people.
Political career: 2004 - 2008
Early candidature
Hunter first ran for election for the electorate of Ginninderra in the 2004 ACT general election representing the ACT Greens. They significantly outperformed ACT Labor Party candidates Mary Porter and Wayne Berry in primary votes, though they went on to defeat them after the distribution of preferences. They ran as a candidate for election to the House of Representatives representing the electorate of Fraser for the Australian Greens in the 2007 federal election. Hunter achieved a swing of 2.1% towards the Greens, however was unsuccessful in defeating sitting Labor member, Bob McMullan. The candidature of Hunter and Amanda Bresnan for the House of Representatives was part of an extensive campaign in the ACT to elect Kerrie Tucker and end coalition control of the Australian Senate immediately after the election, as territory Senators take their place at this time as opposed to their state counterparts in the following July. The ACT holds two seats with only three-year terms, so a larger quota than normal is required for election. Despite a swing of 5.1 percent to the Greens on 21.5 percent, their best result in any state or territory, the party fell narrowly short.
ACT election campaign
In June 2008, the ACT Greens announced that Hunter would again stand for election, again in Ginninderra, at the upcoming election. Independent polling released in October suggested the Green vote had doubled to tripled since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (-9.3 per cent) and Liberal (-3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Hunter, Bresnan, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur.
Parliamentary career
Formation of government
After deliberations with both the Labor and Liberal parties, the Greens chose to support a Labor minority government. Hunter was a key negotiator of the Parliamentary Agreement between the ACT Greens and the Labor Party. Under the agreement, the Greens secured a range of policy outcomes in the areas of schools and education, health service provision, housing, public transport and gay rights. It also ensures that the Greens will Chair three of the Assembly's key committees. In exchange, the Greens agreed to maintain confidence in Chief Minister, Jon Stanhope. The Greens also secured Government support for the nomination of Rattenbury as Speaker of the Assembly. The agreement between the ACT Greens and ACT Labor requires the Government to report on progress against the measures outlined in the agreement on an annual basis. The first joint communiqué on the progress of the agreement was issued in July 2008. The next communiqué was due to be issued in July 2010.
ACT Greens leader
Prior to the negotiation of the agreement, Hunter was appointed Parliamentary Convenor of the ACT Greens, a role equivalent to that of a Parliamentary Party Leader, and was party spokesperson for the portfolios of Treasury, Community Services, Education, Women and Children and Young People. Hunter has been visible in the media on issues surrounding education and literacy and ACT finances. Hunter was supportive of the 2009-10 ACT Budget where it progressed measures outlined in the parliamentary agreement, but signaled the Greens' concerns about the size of the budget deficit. Most commentators agreed that the Budget was a victory for the Greens. They have also been a vocal critic of the Federal Government's intervention in the ACT's same sex civil union reforms. Hunter was the Chair of the Climate Change, Water and Environment Committee and was a member of the Justice and Community Safety Committee. At the 2012 ACT Elections, Hunter narrowly lost the 5th seat in Ginninnderra to Yvette Berry of the Labor Party, after suffering an ACT wide swing of more than 6% from the Greens. Them party could only return one MP, which was Shane Rattenbury, who thereby naturally became their successor as the Leader of the Greens.
See also
2008 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, 2008–2012
References
External links
Meredith Hunter: ACT Greens website
Meredith Hunter: ACT Legislative Assembly website
Meredith Hunter's Inaugural Speech to the ACT Legislative Assembly
1962 births
Australian Greens members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Living people
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
21st-century Australian politicians
Chailly is a neighbourhood in the city of Lausanne, Switzerland. Located in the north of the city, it is populated by many young people, and is rich in different cultures.
It is also known for the École nouvelle de la Suisse romande, a private school of high reputation.
Geography of the canton of Vaud
The place is the subject of a painting by French impressionist Frédéric Bazille (1841-1870), titled Landscape at Chailly
Edward Maurice Dowson (21 June 1880 – 22 July 1933) was an English cricketer for Cambridge University and Surrey. During a first-class cricket career which spanned from 1900 until 1913, they played 113 matches as an all rounder, scoring over 5,000 runs including eight centuries, as well as taking 357 wickets with slow left-arm orthodox spin bowling. They also played for the Marylebone Cricket Club, and toured overseas with various representative teams including Lord Hawke's tour of Australia and New Zealand in 1902–03. Their father, also named Edward Dowson, also played for Surrey, and their great-grandson Ed Carpenter played briefly for Durham MCC University.
A successful all-rounder, Dowson scored over a thousand runs and 99 wickets in the 1901 season; a thousand runs and 76 wickets the following year, and another thousand runs and 42 wickets in 1903. They also took 80 wickets during a single tour of the West Indies in the winter of 1901–02.
Their first-class career ended in 1903 with the final match of the 1903 County Championship, however Dowson was invited back by the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1913 to play their final first-class game when the MCC played Cambridge University at Lord's. Dowson was living at Hele House in Ashburton, Devon when they died aged 53.
References
External links
1880 births
1933 deaths
People from Weybridge
Cambridge University cricketers
Surrey cricketers
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Royal Pioneer Corps officers
Lord Hawke's XI cricketers
P. F. Warner's XI cricketers
B. J. T. Bosanquet's XI cricketers
Dongbaoxing Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to . Towards South, this is the last station before sharing with Line 4.
References
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Hongkou District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Aldo Moser (7 February 1934 – 2 December 2020) was an Italian cyclist.
Biography
Moser rode in 16 editions of the Giro d'Italia and 4 of the Vuelta a España, totalling 20 Grand Tours. They came from a famous family of cyclists, including their younger brothers Francesco Moser, Enzo Moser and Diego Moser, and nephews Leonardo Moser, Ignazio Moser, and Moreno Moser.
Death
Aldo Moser was hospitalized with COVID-19 at a hospital in Trento on 1 December 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy. Moser died from the virus the next day, 2 December 2020. They were 86.
Major results
1954
1st Coppa Agostoni
7th Giro di Lombardia
1955
1st Gran Premio Industria e Commercio di Prato
1st Stage 3 Roma–Napoli–Roma
2nd Milano–Torino
2nd Tre Valli Varesine
2nd Gran Premio di Lugano
3rd Giro dell'Appennino
6th Overall Giro d'Italia
1956
5th Overall Giro d'Italia
1957
2nd Gran Premio di Lugano
2nd Giro della Provincia di Reggio Calabria
3rd Overall Roma–Napoli–Roma
1st Stage 2
3rd Grand Prix des Nations
3rd Trofeo Baracchi (with Oreste Magni)
1958
1st Trofeo Baracchi (with Ercole Baldini)
2nd Tre Valli Varesine
2nd Trofeo Matteotti
2nd Giro del Ticino
2nd Gran Premio Industria e Commercio di Prato
3rd National Road Race Championships
10th Overall Giro d'Italia
10th Milan–San Remo
1959
1st Trofeo Baracchi (with Ercole Baldini)
1st Grand Prix des Nations
2nd Giro di Sardegna
2nd Giro del Piemonte
1960
1st Manche-Ocean
2nd Trofeo Baracchi (with Ercole Baldini)
1961
2nd Manche-Ocean
3rd Grand Prix des Nations
1962
3rd Trofeo Baracchi (with Giuseppe Fezzardi)
3rd Overall Tour de Suisse
1963
1st Coppa Bernocchi
8th Giro di Lombardia
1964
3rd Giro di Toscana
1966
1st Giro delle Tre Provincie
1969
2nd Giro del Lazio
7th Overall Giro d'Italia
9th Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
1970
10th Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
1971
5th Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
9th Overall Tour de Romandie
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Italian male cyclists
People from Giovo
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy
Sportspeople from Trentino
Cyclists from Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
A process-driven application is a software application that is driven by an underlying process or workflow engine where the process can be exposed and reused. In effect all applications are process-driven and the logic of any application can be extrapolated into a flowchart to represent the logical process of execution. Process-driven applications are a growing trend in enterprise solutions involving humans, systems or both.
With the release of .NET Framework 3.0, Microsoft introduced the Windows Workflow Foundation (“WF”) which provides developers with the ability to separate application flow from application execution. One Microsoft product to use this approach, BizTalk Server, uses orchestrations to represent the order of execution. Both technologies provide graphical tools to manipulate processes and can form part of a process-driven application. They provide the process engine required to drive the application.
The term "process-driven application" was popularized by K2 company in 2008 when describing applications driven by processes, and originally referred to applications driven by their business process management ("BPM") software known as K2 blackpearl. The term has now gained wider acceptance and refers to any application driven by a process engine.
History
The first software applications were considered procedural in that they were composed of multiple procedures that were called in a predefined order. This predefined order could be static, such as in applications not requiring input, or dynamic based on input either from humans or other sources. In effect, the entire execution path could be directly mapped onto a flowchart which would take into account all path changes based on input. In those days, it was the norm for all applications to start out as a flowchart and then move forward from there although this has now changed as organizations move towards Rapid Application Development ("RAD") methodologies.
Even today's applications using today's techniques of object-oriented programming can have their execution logic represented using a flowchart. Now consider that the humble flowchart forms the basis of all processes in use today. Whether it's accounting, business, engineering, etc., the humble flowchart was the first, so to speak. All process models attribute their roots to the flowchart.
Taking the above into account, it was only a matter of time before technologists realized this gap and started to look for tooling to support the ongoing design and maintenance of these processes.
Process categories
In the context of process-driven applications, three categories of process exist:
Human-to-human process
Human-to-human processes, in this context, refer to processes involving humans only. The process is defined and managed by specific software and this software is responsible for, for example, task assignment, tracking and auditing. The process software is thus responsible for following the predefined process path and assigning tasks to humans for them to review and complete.
Human-to-system process
Human-to-system processes, in this context, refer to processes involving both humans and systems. The process is still defined and managed by relevant process-centric software except that in this scenario, underlying systems may be accessed to store data or initiate transactions on behalf of a human or as a result of choice or design.
System-to-system process
System-to-System processes, in this context, refer to processes involving systems only. The process in this context is usually referred to as an orchestration as it usually comprises data transformation and complex routing scenarios.
Relevance
Today's businesses are process driven, everything done in a business is a process, from making coffee to hiring an employee to auditing financial transactions. Thus it makes sense to extrapolate these processes to reusable definitions which can be controlled by software to ensure that actions are repeatable, auditable, monitored and predictable.
Separating processes into the above categories allows organizations to better understand their requirements and in turn to select software best suited to those requirements. Once the process engine is selected, applications are built around these processes to provide the organization with a solution which is in fact a process-driven application.
See also
Business process automation
Business process management
Business process modeling
Computer-supported collaboration
Document Automation
Enterprise content management
Human interaction management
Process architecture
Workflow
Workflow engine
Workflow management system
References
Information technology management
The Extensible Data Format (X) is an XML standard (specified as a DTD) developed by NASA, meant to be used throughout scientific disciplines. In many ways it is akin to XSIL, Extensible Scientific Interchange Language. NASA provides two XDF APIs, in Perl and in Java.
XDF is used to store high-dimensional data and information related to it in compact XML format. The purpose is to have interchangeable and high quality format that can be used as a main archive format for this kind of data.
The XDF project and related development have been halted (2002,2006). The existing information have been archived to the UMD Astronomy Information and Knowledge Group site as a reference.
References
XML-based standards
NASA spin-off technologies
The 2002–03 Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League season was the first season of Bosnia and Herzegovina's hockey league, and represents the return of competitive hockey in Bosnia after the dissolution of the Yugoslav Ice Hockey League.
League business
The 2002–03 season is the first season of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League. Four teams entered the season. HK Bosna which was formed in 1980 played in their first league competition since the 1987–88 Yugoslav Ice Hockey League season. The three other teams were formed in 2002. HK Ilidža 2010 was based in Ilidža, HK Jahorina in Pale, and HK Šampion in Sarajevo. Each team played 16 games before the top two teams entered into a three game playoff.
The formation of the four team league also allowed the Bosnia and Herzegovina Ice Hockey Federation to meet the prerequisite of entering the Ice Hockey World Championships.
Following the end of the season two of the newly formed clubs, HK Jahorina and HK Šampion, folded causing the 2003–04 season to be cancelled and the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League to go into a six year hiatus until the 2009–10 season.
Regular season standings
Playoffs
HK Bosna and HK Ilidža 2010 qualified for the playoffs after finishing first and second in the regular season standings respectively. HK Bosna won the best of three playoff series in two games.
References
Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League seasons
Bos
2002–03 in Bosnia and Herzegovina ice hockey
Oyster Point may refer to:
in Australia:
Oyster Point (Australia), an area near Cardwell
in the United States:
Oyster Point Marina/Park, an area in South San Francisco, California
Oyster Point, the peninsula upon which downtown Charleston, South Carolina, is located
City Point (New Haven), a neighborhood also known as Oyster Point in New Haven, Connecticut
Oyster Point Historic District, a historic district in City Point neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut
Oyster Point, a section of the city of Newport News, Virginia, which includes Oyster Point City Center
Oyster Point Hotel, a hotel in Red Bank, New Jersey
Martin Peter Voss (born 5 September 1967 in Aarhus) is a retired Danish athlete who specialised in the pole vault. They represented their country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, as well as five consecutive World Championships, starting in 1991. Their only major final came at the 1998 European Indoor Championships where they finished sixth.
Their personal bests in the event are 5.70 metres outdoors (Lyngby 1996) and 5.72 metres indoors (Malmö 1995). The latter is the still standing national record.
Competition record
References
1967 births
Living people
Danish male pole vaulters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Denmark
Sportspeople from Aarhus
Chris or Christopher Hicks may refer to:
Chris Hicks (rugby league) (born 1977), Australian professional rugby league footballer
Chris Hicks (record executive) (born 1970), American record industry executive
Christopher Hicks, a.k.a. Oly Hicks (born 1968), Canadian-Italian ice hockey coach
Chris Hicks, 37th District Attorney in Washoe County since January 2015 and son of US District Judge Larry R. Hicks
Sébastien Bisaillon (born December 8, 1986) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 2 games in the National Hockey League with the Edmonton Oilers during the 2006–07 season. The rest of their career, which lasted from 2007 to 2022, was mainly spent in the French Ligue Magnus.
Playing career
Bisaillon was born in Mont-Laurier, Quebec. As a youth, they played in the 2000 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Sélects-du-Nord minor ice hockey team.
Bisaillon was signed as a free agent by the Edmonton Oilers on September 27, 2006. Due to a rash of injuries, Bisaillon was recalled on an emergency basis from their Junior team Val-d'Or Foreurs, and played their first game for the Oilers on March 20, 2007 against the Vancouver Canucks.
In their first two professional seasons, Bisaillon spent time between the Oilers' two affiliates, the Springfield Falcons of the AHL, and the Stockton Thunder of the ECHL.
On September 3, 2009 Bisaillon signed as a free agent with the Kassel Huskies of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga for the 2009–10 season. Due to the Huskies folding at the end of the campaign Bisaillon secured a try-out with the Montreal Canadiens for the 2010–11 season. On September 27, 2010, Bisaillon was assigned to the Canadiens AHL affiliate the Hamilton Bulldogs before being reassigned again to the ECHL.
Bisaillon left Diables Rouges de Briançon in April 2014 to sign with the Ducs d'Angers. In 2015, they signed with Brûleurs de Loups.
Prior to the 2015–16 season, Bisaillon was named an alternate captain for Brûleurs de Loups. They re-signed with Brûleurs de Loups on April 30, 2018 for the 2018–19 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Brûleurs de Loups players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Diables Rouges de Briançon players
Ducs d'Angers players
Edmonton Oilers players
Graz 99ers players
Hamilton Bulldogs (AHL) players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Kassel Huskies players
People from Mont-Laurier
Springfield Falcons players
Stockton Thunder players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Val-d'Or Foreurs players
Wheeling Nailers players
The Afon Gwydderig is a tributary of the Afon Brân. It rises as the Nant Gwydderig on the southern slopes of Mynydd Bwlch-y-groes, about North of the small village of Llywel, Powys. The A40 runs next to the river from Llywel as far as Llandovery, Carmarthenshire.
The Gwydderig crosses the boundary between Powys and Carmarthenshire at the village of Halfway. It joins the Brân in Llandovery, Carmarthenshire, about upstream of the confluence of the Brân with the River Towy. The Gwydderig therefore forms part of the Towy's catchment basin and drains into the Bristol Channel at the Towy estuary.
Rivers of the Brecon Beacons National Park
Rivers of Carmarthenshire
Rivers of Powys
Leovan O'Garro (born 26 June 1987) is a Montserratian international footballer who plays for Irish club Foxfield United, as a midfielder.
Career
O'Garro made their international debut for Montserrat on 6 October 2010. They have seven caps to date, including in one FIFA World Cup qualifying match.
References
1987 births
Living people
Montserratian footballers
Montserrat international footballers
Association football midfielders
Expatriate association footballers in Ireland
Montserratian expatriate footballers
"Hate You" is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Ladies' Code. It was released as a digital single on August 6, 2013 by Polaris Entertainment and served as a pre-release track for their second mini-album Code#02 Pretty Pretty.
Track listing
Charts
Sales
Release history
References
External links
(channel: LadiesCode)
(channel: CJENMMUSIC)
2013 singles
2013 songs
Korean-language songs
Ladies' Code songs
The following lists events that happened during 1914 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Events
The relations between the government of India and the amir continued to be cordial.
Complaints were sent by Afghanis on the frontier to the amir against outlaws from British-held territory who have taken refuge in Khost. These representations were met by the amir and they issued stringent orders to their officers on the frontier to deal severely with offenders. It was reported that the Khost outlaws implicated in the complaints were arrested and sent to Kabul for trial.
In their reply to the viceroy's letter, announcing the outbreak of hostilities between the United Kingdom and Turkey, the amir expressed their deep regret at the step taken by the Turkish government, and declares their firm intention to maintain a strict neutrality, and added that they have issued a proclamation enjoining the same on all their subjects. They resisted pressures from Mahmud Beg Tarzi, Amānullāh (Habibullah's third son, who had married Soraya, a daughter of Tarzi), and others to enter World War I on the side of the Central Powers.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
1910s in Afghanistan
Ride on Stranger (1943) is a novel by Australian writer Kylie Tennant.
Plot summary
The novel follows the story of Shannon Hicks, a country girl who arrives in Sydney just before the outbreak of World War II and proceeds to make their way through city life.
Critical reception
The reviewer in The Advertiser found a lot to like but not much plot: "there is much that is genuinely interested in the book: a great deal of rather malicious humor. unmerciful debunking, racy descriptions of things that are completely and uniquely Australian, and a sincere appreciation of the Australian character."
The reviewer in The Sydney Morning Herald came to a similar conclusion: "In their latest novel. Miss Tennant displays all those qualities which placed her, in 1935, in the front rank of Australian writers of fiction. The reader will meet here an assortment of easily comprehensible and fantastic men and women, equal in colour and variety to those met in "Foveaux" and "The Battlers." The author is slowly but, surely crystallising their extraordinary flair for characterisation. As yet Miss Tennant's sense of form falls short of their exuberant sense of life and movement. Them novel is full of incident-full to the brim with happenings that jostle one another for pride of place. This gives the book a bright, kaleidoscopic atmosphere rather than the more rounded, mature outline of a finished work of art."
Notes
Epigraph: passage from Discourses of Epictetus, Book I, Chapter II.
In its essay on the author The Australian Dictionary of Biography notes that the novel was withdrawn from sale in 1943 when a Melbourne Communist read their surname being used by one of the novel's characters and threatened to sue for libel. The publishers settled out of court.
Television adaptation
The novel was adapted for Australian television in 1979. The mini-series was screened over 4 episodes and was directed by Carl Schultz, from a script by Peter Yeldham, and featured Liddy Clark, Noni Hazlehurst, and Henri Szeps.
See also
1943 in Australian literature
References
1943 Australian novels
Angus & Robertson books
Novels set in Sydney
Myopia is Tom Fogerty's fourth solo album. It was released by Fantasy Records in 1974. The cover painting is called "One Beat of Dove's Wing" by Paul Whitehead.
Track listing
All songs written by Tom Fogerty.
"Give Me Another Trojan Song" – 2:59
"What Did I Know" – 2:35
"Theme from Four-D" – 3:11
"Sweet Things to Come" – 2:11
"What About Tomorrow" – 4:23
"She La La La" – 3:01
"And I Love You" – 2:23
"Get Up" – 2:07
"There Was a Time" – 3:09
"Show Down" – 2:35
Personnel
Doug Clifford – percussion, drums
Stu Cook – bass
Russell DaShiell – guitar
Tom Fogerty – guitar, vocals
Russ Gary – guitar, vocals
Stephen Miller – keyboards
Tom Phillips – guitar
Stovall Sisters – vocals
References
1974 albums
Tom Fogerty albums
Fantasy Records albums
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle () is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Galle in 1893, the diocese is suffragan to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Colombo. In 1995, part of the diocese was split off to form the Diocese of Ratnapura
The current bishop is Raymond Kingsley Wickramasinghe, appointed in 2011.
History
The Southern and Sabaragamuwa Provinces were part of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Colombo (1887) and, before, of the “Southern Vicarate of Ceylon” (1847). The diocese was established in 1893 and entrusted to the Belgian Jesuits who, the same year, had opened the Pontifical Seminary of Kandy under the direction of Fr Sylvain Grosjean. Apostolically linked to the new diocese the seminary was founded at the explicit request of pope Leo XIII.
The original Diocese of Galle comprised the Southern and Sabaragamuwa civil Provinces of Sri Lanka. As such it extended from the foot hills of Utuwankanda to the coastal parish of Hambantota, covering an area of of the most varied aspect from the point of view of scenery, population and pastoral engagements.
However, right back into the time of Blessed Joseph Vaz and their Oratorian disciples and still earlier in Portuguese times (mid 16th Century) stations in its coastal fringe as well as in its Ratnapura reaches are on record for Evangelisation and advanced pastoral structure.
After the division of the Diocese in 1995 into Ratnapura, nearly 9000 Catholics are still spread unevenly across the hills and dales and beaches of the Galle Diocese. The present diocese of Galle has a geographical area, comprising the Southern Province embracing Galle, Matara and Hambantota civil districts having an area of . The membership of the Presbyterium counts 28 Priests of whom 24 diocesans and four Religious and serve in 12 parishes and other institutions of Diocesan Apostolates. Nearly 90 Religious Sisters extend their supportive hands in serving the people of God in Ruhunu Rata Diocese.
The first bishop of the diocese was the Belgian Jesuit Joseph Van Reeth, S. J., who guided the destinies of the infant diocese from 1893 to 1923. Dr. Gaston Robchez, the Bishop of Trincomalee and Apostolic Administrator of Galle for ten years (1923–1933). The last Jesuit bishop Msg. Nicholas Laudadio took up the responsibilities of the diocese in 1933 for 30 years.
Anthony De Saram, sent from Colombo, became the first diocesan bishop of the diocese in 1964 until 1982. With their demise, Sylvester Wewitavidanelage was installed in 1982 until 1993. In 1993 Elmo Noel Joseph Perera, a priest originating from the diocese, was installed the Bishop of Galle. They served the diocese till their retirement in 1995. Terrence Leanage took over the affairs of the diocese as Apostolic Administrator. Bishop Harold Anthony Perera, Bishop of Ratnapura, was installed on 8 March 2005.
Ordinaries
Joseph van Reeth, † (11 Jan 1895 Appointed - 1923 died)
Nicholas Laudadio, † (28 May 1934 Appointed - 26 May 1964 retired)
Anthony de Saram † (22 Mar 1965 Appointed - 28 Feb 1982 died)
Don Sylvester Wewitavidanelage † (15 Oct 1982 Appointed - 9 Nov 1995 died)
Elmo Noel Joseph Perera † (1 Jun 1995 Appointed - 11 Oct 2004 resigned)
Harold Anthony Perera (15 Feb 2005 Appointed - 14 May 2009, became Bishop of Kurunegala)
Raymond Kingsley Wickramasinghe (27 May 2011 Appointed – present)
See also
Catholic Church in Sri Lanka
References
External links
www.gallediocese.org, the official web site
www.codesep.org, Community Development Service for Plantations - Diocese of Galle
Galle
One human poll comprised the 1946 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 2, at the end of the 1946 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
, known professionally as , is a Japanese actor who works primarily in British films and television.
In recent years, they have had roles in major films such as Revolver, Memoirs of a Geisha and The Last Samurai. They have also appeared in the Israeli movie A Matter of Size and Hiro in Thomas & Friends movies Hero of the Rails and Misty Island Rescue in 2010.
Additionally, Igawa provides the voice for the character Professor Moshimo on the cartoon series Robotboy and the voice for the character Hiro, who first appeared in Hero of the Rails, in Thomas and Friends. They appear in 2011's Johnny English Reborn, the sequel to Johnny English, as English's Tibetan guru and is in the 2012 film Gambit playing business person Takagawa.
Their television roles have included appearances in Lovejoy, Yu-Gi-Oh, The IT Crowd, Torchwood, Thomas & Friends, Casualty, Archer, Doctor Who and The Crown.
Igawa voiced the main villain Colonel Lee in the video game Crysis Warhead and the Yakuza character Jiro in the 2013 video game Payday 2.
Personal life
Igawa lives in England with their wife Adrienne Baba. They became the first Japanese member of The Royal Shakespeare Company in 1986.
Filmography
Film
Kagirinaku toumei ni chikai blue (1979) as Okinawa
The Man Who Shot Christmas (1984) as Koji
Half Moon Street (1986) as Japanese Waiter
Just like a Woman (1992) as Akira Watanabe
Incognito (1998) as Agachi
Eyes Wide Shut (1999) as Japanese Man #1
The Nine Lives of Tomas Katz (1999) as Japanese Scuba Diver
The Last Samurai (2003) as General Hasegawa
Code 46 (2004) as a Driver
Revolver (2005) as Fred
Memoirs of a Geisha (2005) as Tanaka
Irish Jam (2006) as Mr. Suzuki
Speed Racer (2008) as Tetsuo Togokahn
The Hedgehog (2009) as Kakuro Ozu
Hero of the Rails (2009) as Hiro (voice)
A Matter of Size (2009) as Kitano
Ninja (2009) as Sensei Takeda
Misty Island Rescue (2010) as Hiro (voice)
Johnny English Reborn (2011) as Ting Wang
Gambit (2012) as Takagawa
King of the Railway (2013) as Hiro (voice)
47 Ronin (2013) as Tengu Lord (voice)
Hector and the Search for Happiness (2014) as Old Monk
Street Fighter: Assassin's Fist (2014) as Gotetsu
Everly (2014) as Sadist
The Confessions (2016) as Japanese minister
The Gentlemen (2019) as Wang Yong (Dry Eye's uncle)
The Host (2020)
Tetris (TBA) as Hiroshi Yamauchi
Television
Gems (1985–1986) as Mr. Horikoshi/Mr. Jima
Never the Twain (1988) as Japanese tourist
Small World (1988) as Prof. Motakazu Umeda
Forever Green (1989) as Mr. Okisawa
Screen Two (1989) as Hiroto
Lovejoy (1992) as Mr. Kashimoto
Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series anime) (2005) as Jafar Shin (voice)
Robotboy (2005–2008) as Professor Moshimo
The IT Crowd (2006, 2008) as Yamamoto
Torchwood (2006) as Dr. Tanizaki
Thomas & Friends (2010–2020) as Hiro (voice)
Casualty (2014) as Than Sein
Marco Polo (2014) as Chuluun
Archer (2015) as Kentaro Sato (voice)
Doctor Who (2017) as Secretary General
The Amazing World of Gumball (2017) as Mr Yoshida, Mystical Narrator (voice)
Doctors (2017) as Akio Tanaka
Origin (2018) as Eiichi Yagami
The Crown (2019) as Emperor Hirohito
Video games
Shogun: Total War (2001) as Narrator
Perfect Dark Zero (2005) as Zhang Li
Genji: Days of the Blade (2006) as Musashibo Benkei
Crysis Warhead (2008) as Colonel Lee
Payday 2 (2015) as Jiro
Total War: Shogun 2 (2010, cooperating with Sega and Creative Assembly) as game's narrator
Evil Genius 2: World Domination (2021) as Jubei
Wolfstride'' (2020) as Oyabun
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Male actors from Tokyo
Japanese male film actors
Japanese expatriates in the United Kingdom
21st-century Japanese male actors
Royal Shakespeare Company members
Japanese male stage actors
Japanese male television actors
Japanese male video game actors
Japanese male voice actors
1946 births
Qaleh Now Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Qaleh Now District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. The rural district has 11 villages. On 16 September 2012, 9 villages separated from the rural district, forming Chaleh Tarkhan Rural District. Qaleh Now and Chaleh Tarkhan Rural Districts formed Qaleh Now District on that day.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Ray County, Iran
Morten Tyldum (; born 19 May 1967) is a Norwegian film director.  They are best known in their native Norway for directing the thriller film Headhunters (2011), based on the novel by Jo Nesbø, and internationally for directing the historical drama The Imitation Game (2014), for which they were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, and the science fiction drama Passengers (2016).
Early life
Tyldum was born in Bergen, Norway. They were educated at the School of Visual Arts in New York. They originally wanted to be a musician, but abandoned the ambition when they entered film school.
Career
They had their feature film debut with Buddy in 2003, a film that won great popular and critical acclaim. Previously they had worked in television, music videos, commercials and short films. They had been named Film Talent of the Year by the newspaper Dagbladet in 1999.
Since Buddy, they have made the movie Fallen Angels in 2008 and Headhunters (Hodejegerne) in 2011. Headhunters are based on the 2008 novel by same name written by Jo Nesbø. It became the highest-grossing Norwegian film that year.
They made their English language debut with the historical drama The Imitation Game, about the life of mathematician Alan Turing, starring Benedict Cumberbatch. The Imitation Game immediately became an international success, and was nominated for eight Oscars at the 87th Academy Awards, including Best Picture and a Best Director nomination for Tyldum himself.
They have been attached to the adaptation of the novel Pattern Recognition by William Gibson.
Personal life
Tyldum lived in Beverly Hills with their wife Janne and their child. They also maintained a house in Norway. After they divorced their wife and their death by suicide, they moved back to Oslo, Norway, with their son.
Selected filmography
Buddy (2003)
Fallen Angels (2008)
Headhunters (2011)
The Imitation Game (2014)
Passengers (2016)
Television
Counterpart (2017)
Jack Ryan (2018)
Defending Jacob (2020)
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Norwegian film directors
School of Visual Arts alumni
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Home for Orphans is a compilation album by the Reigning Sound. It was released in 2005 on Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album features the original Reigning Sound lineup of Greg Cartwright on lead vocals and guitar; Alex Greene on organ, piano, guitar, and backing vocals; Jeremy Scott on bass, and backing vocals; and Greg Roberson on drums. . This album mainly consists of slower, moodier outtakes from the Too Much Guitar recording sessions, as well as a some covers, including "Without You," a Gene Clark cover. An alternate version of "If Christmas Can't Bring You Home" (originally released on a 45rpm by Norton Records), a Reigning Sound original holiday song, also appears.
Track listing
"Find Me Now" (Cartwright) - 2:14
"If You Can't Give Me Everything" (Cartwright) - 3:48
"Funny Thing" (Cartwright)- 3:07
"Medication Blues #1" (Cartwright)- 3:43
"Carol" (Cartwright)- 2:21
"What Could I Do?" (Cartwright)- 2:37
"If Christmas Can't Bring You Home" (Cartwright)- 2:28
"Pretty Girl" (Cartwright)- 2:51
"Without You" (Clark)- 2:43
"Don't Send Me Any Flowers, I Ain't Dead Yet" [live] (Weiss) - 2:29
Credits
Reigning Sound - Main performer
Greg Cartwright - Guitar, producer, vocals
Alex Greene - Organ, guitar, vocals (background)
Jeremy Scott - Bass, vocals (background), vocals
Greg Roberson - Drums
References
Evert. Reigning Sound. "www.grunnenrocks.com". Accessed Feb. 11, 2010.
Jeffries, Vincent. [ Home For Orphans]. "www.allmusic.com". 2005 All Media Guide, LLC. Accessed Feb. 11, 2010.
Deusner, Stephen. Home For Orphans review. "www.pitchfork.com". Accessed Feb. 11, 2010.
Reigning Sound albums
2005 compilation albums
Gaspard Wuta Mayi, commonly known as Wuta Mayi, is a Congolese rumba and soukous vocalist and composer from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). From 1974 to 1982, they were a member of the band TPOK Jazz, led by Franco (François Luambo Makiadi), which dominated the Congolese music scene from the 1960s through the 1980s. Since leaving TPOK Jazz they have recorded and performed as a solo artist, in addition to being one of the four members of the "supergroup" Les Quatre Etoiles (The Four Stars), and subsequently a member of Kékélé.
Background
Wuta Mayi was born on 9 August 1949 at Leopold General Hospital in then Leopoldville, now Kinshasa, the capital of, and largest city in, what was then the Belgian Congo, was later (among other names) Zaire, and is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
This singer has been known by a variety of names; one source notes that "Gaspard Wuta Mayi is also known as Gaspard Wuta, Paschal Gaspard Mayi, Wuta Mayandi Yundula and Blaise Pasco." They were given the name Gaspard soon after birth. Later as a child, the name "Pascal" was added, after their maternal grandfather Pascal Gaspard Mayandi. During 1967-68, while they were with Orchestre Jamel National, a member of their family who had studied in Europe nicknamed them "Blaise" to make them "Blaise Pascal," and from then on they were known as "Blaise-Pasco." Around 1974, at about the time they joined TPOK Jazz, under Zaire's "authenticité" campaign under President Mobutu, they changed their name to the more "authentic" Congolese name Wata Undula Mayanda (or Wuta Mayandi Yundula), known as Wuta Mayi. In any event, they have recorded and performed since the 1970s under the name Wuta Mayi, although sometimes that name is hyphenated and some of their solo album covers spell it as "Wuta May."
They went to school in Kinshasa, studying at Josephine Charlotte School for their elementary education, continuing on to the Saint Andre commercial technical school in the city's Limete commune, and doing part of their high school education at the Athenaeum of Ngiri-Ngiri.
In 1967, at the age of 18, while still a student, they joined the band Orchestre Jamel National, previously known as Jamel Jazz, based in the commune of Dendal. They became friends with another vocalist in the band, Aime Kiwakana, born Emmanuel Kiala, who would later join TPOK Jazz. Other musicians who made their start at Jamel included saxophonist Empompo Loway (also later with TPOK Jazz), guitarists Bavon "Marie-Marie" (the only brother of Franco Luambo), Makosso, and Dave Makondele, and vocalists Djo Mpoyi (later with TPOK Jazz), Marcel "Djeskain" Loko, Bumba Massa, and Jean-Papy Ramazani (the latter three of whom would join Wuta Mayi in Kékélé, decades later).
Musical career
Early professional career (1968-1974)
Wuta Mayi began their professional career in 1968, joining the band Orchestre Bamboula as a vocalist. The band was created in November of that year by guitarist Papa Noel (Antoine or Anthony Nedule). Another member was guitarist Paul Mansiamina Mfoko, or Bopol. Bopol was the same age as Wuta Mayi, having been born in Leopoldville on July 26, 1949, and both were then beginning their professional musical careers after high school. This was the start of a decades-long collaborative musical relationship between the two. Other band members included other vocalists Aime Kiwakana, Pires, and Tino Mwinkwa, Jeff Lunam on saxophone, and Mangenza on drums, as well as Madilu System, Pepe Kalle and Bozi Boziana. Orchestre Bamboula made its official debut in February 1969 in the town of Limete. That same year, Orchestre Bamboula was chosen, by winning a competition among the country's top bands, to represent the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the first Pan-African Festival of Culture in Algiers, Algeria. The band known as Bantous de la Capitale represented the Republic of the Congo (Congo-Brazzaville). Orchestre Bamboula broke up, however, shortly after its return from Algiers.
They were later a member of several other bands, including Rock'a Mambo and Orchestre Continentale. They formed the latter band in 1971 with Bopol and Tino Mwinkwa from Bamboula, as well as other musicians including Josky Kiambukuta and "Serpent" Kabamba.
With TPOK Jazz (1974-1982)
In 1974, Wuta Mayi left Orcheste Continental to join TPOK Jazz, after an invitation relayed through Josky Kiambukuta. Wuta Mayi played with TPOK Jazz until 1982, leaving before Franco's death in 1989.
Other vocalists in TPOK Jazz at that time included Josky Kiambukuta, Michel Boyibanda, Youlou Mabiala, Ndombe Opetum and Aime Kiwakana. Wuta Mayi is credited to have composed a number of songs for TPOK Jazz during their eight-year tenure there, including Melou (1975), Basala la vie (1978), Ayant Droit (1980), Moleka, Beyou (1980), and Tuti (1981).
As a solo artist, and with Les Quatre Etoiles and other groups (1982-present)
In 1982, Wuta Mayi needed to come to Paris for medical treatment. They decided to stay there after three friends from Kinshasa who had moved to Paris, Bopol, Nyboma, and Syran Mbenza, invited them to record with them. In 1982 they recorded, 4 Grandes Vedettes de la Musique Africaine, which was issued in 1983 and would later be seen as the first record of the group they formed, Les Quatre Etoiles (the Four Stars).
Between then and 1993, in addition to recording and performing with Les Quatre Etoiles, they released six solo albums, as well as one credited to them and Congolese guitarist Dino Vangu (listed as "Dino Vangou"). They also contributed to many other records.
In the mid 1990s, with Papa Noel, Bopol and others, they formed the band Odemba. However the band failed to fully launch due to lack of funds.
In the early 2000s, Wuta Mayi, Nyboma, Syran Mbenza, Djeskain Loko Massengo, Sammy Bumba Massa, Papa Noel, and Jean-Papy Ramazani formed a band called Kékélé that toured extensively in Europe and North America. Kékélé means "vines that are used in villages in Africa to make connections". The band plays entirely using acoustic guitars, drums and percussions.
In 2019, more than 25 years after their previous solo release and more than 50 years after beginning their professional musical career, Wuta Mayi issued a new solo album, La Face Cachee, which received positive reviews.
Discography
(his name is sometimes spelled "Wuta May", and sometimes hyphenated, on record and CD covers)
Le Beach (Eddy'Son 79419) (1982)
Dino Vangou et Wuta May – Cheque Sans Provision (or Kina-Rama Presente Dino Vangou a La Guitare et Wuta May Au Chant Dans Cheque sans Provision) (1982)
Wuta May (Kino-Rama KRLP 1003) (1983)
Zalaka Mayele (1983)
Ole La Vie (Eddy'Son 79427) (1983)
Tout Mal Se Paie Ici Bas (1984)
Blaise Pasco Chante Saka Mache (1993)
La Face Cachee (2019)
Notes
References
External links
Biography of Wuta Mayi: translation from French of José Nzolani and Serge Diantantu, "Wuta Mayi and Bopol: twin friends of Congolese music," at the Wayback Machine
Original French article: José Nzolani and Serge Diantantu, "Wuta Mayi et Bopol: les amis jumeaux de la musique congolaise," at the Wayback Machine
Context of original French article, with audio link
Democratic Republic of the Congo musicians
1949 births
Living people
TPOK Jazz members
People from Kinshasa
The 2007 South American Ski Mountaineering Championship () was the second edition of a South American continental championship of competition ski mountaineering,
The event was sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC) and organized by the Federación Chilena de Andinismo (FEACH). The event was held in Termas de Chillán from 22 to 23 September 2007. 62 racers participated in the event, 28 came from Argentina and two from Venezuela.
Results
Event was held on the Cerro Bayo on September 23, 2007.
The male youth class competitors had to run the same course as the senior racers. The results were added in the "International Open" ranking. (italic in the men's ranking list below)
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
References
2007
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Chile
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
Sport in Biobío Region
Skiing in Chile
Cerova is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 112 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Steinkjer-Avisa is a weekly, local newspaper published in Steinkjer, Norway. In 2007, it had a circulation of 3,917, and was published each Friday.
The newspaper was founded in 1984 by Lothar Viem. In 1999, the Viem family sold to the other Steinkjer newspaper, Trønder-Avisa, but retains its own editor, offices, employees and board of directors.
References
Weekly newspapers published in Norway
Publications established in 1984
Companies based in Steinkjer
Mass media in Trøndelag
1984 establishments in Norway
An oonjal is a swing that is typically anchored to the ceiling of a room - using iron link chains and the bottom is a wooden plank. This used to be a popular item of furniture in most southern Indian houses. They have been not as popular as houses give way to flats. There is a popular wedding ritual in which the bride and groom sit on an oonjal decorated with flowers and receive blessings. Particularly, it is prominent hanging in the houses of Indian Tamil families.
References
Swing rides
Abasse Ba (born 12 July 1976) is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a defender. Apart from a loan stint at Al Rayyan, they spent all of their professional in France, with Louhans-Cuiseaux FC, Dijon FCO, and Le Havre AC.
Career
Born in Pelelkindessa, Senegal, Ba began their career in France with Louhans-Cuiseaux. After three years with the club they moved to Dijon FC. At Dijon they played 152 games scoring four goals. After six years there they left and signed with Le Havre AC.
On 27 April 2009, Ba joined Al Rayyan on loan.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Senegalese footballers
Louhans-Cuiseaux FC players
Dijon FCO players
Le Havre AC players
Ligue 1 players
Association football defenders
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Al-Rayyan SC players
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
A Trip Down Memory Lane is a 1965 experimental collage film by Arthur Lipsett, created by editing together images and sound clips from over 50 years of newsreel footage.
Summary
The film was intended as an audiovisual tour of the post-war technocracy. In their notes for producer Donald Brittain about the film, Lipsett wrote that "as science grows, religious belief seems to have diminished... The new machines (of every description) are now invested with spiritual qualities. They have become ritualistic implements." Lipsett envisioned their film as a kind of cinematic time capsule for future generations, and sub-titled the film accordingly, as "Additional Material for a Time-Capsule."
A Trip Down Memory Lane combines footage from a beauty contest, religious procession, failed airflight, automotive and science experiments, animal experimentation, skyscraper construction, military paraphernalia, John D. Rockefeller and scenes of leisure, Richard Nixon and scenes of war, blimps and hot air balloons, and a sword swallower.
Production
To create the film, Lipsett travelled from Montreal to New York City to obtain stock footage in 35mm which they had reduced to 16mm. They then drew new edge code on it by hand. Finally, they had it blown up to 35mm for release.
See also
Technophobia
Modernist film
References
External links
Watch A Trip Down Memory Lane on NFB.ca (requires Adobe Flash)
1965 films
Films directed by Arthur Lipsett
Collage film
National Film Board of Canada short films
Canadian avant-garde and experimental short films
1960s Canadian films
Krueppel-like factor 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the KLF1 gene. The gene for KLF1 is on the human chromosome 19 and on mouse chromosome 8. Krueppel-like factor 1 is a transcription factor that is necessary for the proper maturation of erythroid (red blood) cells.
Structure
The molecule has two domains; the transactivation domain and the chromatin-remodeling domain. The carboxyl (C) terminal is composed of three C2H2 zinc fingers that binds to DNA, and the amino (N) terminus is proline rich and acidic.
Function
Studies in mice first demonstrated the critical function of KLF1 in hematopoietic development. KLF1 deficient (knockout) mouse embryos exhibit a lethal anemic phenotype, fail to promote the transcription of adult β-globin, and die by embryonic day 15.
Over-expression of KLF1 results in a reduction of the number of circulating platelets and hastens the onset of the β-globin gene.
KLF1 coordinates the regulation of six cellular pathways that are all essential to terminal erythroid differentiation:
Cell Membrane & Cytoskeleton
Apoptosis
Heme Synthesis & Transport
Cell Cycling
Iron Procurement
Globin Chain Production
It has also been linked to three main processes that are all essential to transcription of the β globin gene:
Chromatin remodeling
Modulation of the gamma to beta globin switch
Transcriptional activation
KLF1 binds specifically to the "CACCC" motif of the β-globin gene promoter. When natural mutations occur in the promoter, β+ thalassemia can arise in humans. Thalassemia's prevalence (2 million worldwide carry the trait) makes KLF1 clinically significant.
Clinical significance
Next-Generation sequencing efforts have revealed a surprisingly high prevalence of mutations in human KLF1. The chance of a KLF1 null child being conceived is approximately 1:24,000 in Southern China. With pre-natal blood transfusions and bone marrow transplant, it is possible to be born without KLF1. Most mutations in KLF1 lead to a recessive loss-of-function phenotype, however semi-dominant mutations have been identified in humans and mice as the cause of a rare inherited anemia CDA type IV. Additional family studies and clinical research unveiled the molecular genetics of the HPFH KLF1-related condition and established KLF1 as a novel quantitative trait locus for HbF (HBFQTL6). Permissive nature of the role of KLF1 on expression of several RBC antigens are evidenced by a series of known KLF1 mutations which are named after its modifier gene effect on Lutheral blood group In(Lu) ie "Inhibitor of Lutheran". Interestingly no homozygouse alive human examples are known, corroborating with the Embryonic lethality of KLF1 homozygous mice. So the In(Lu) mutatants are significantly heteroinsuffient for KLF1 function such that RBC are formed, but there is an apparent dominant negative effect on expression of Lutheran Antigen (Basal cell adhesion Molecule) after which it was named, but also significant but somewhat variable degree of inhibition of expression of Colton (Aquaporin1), Ok (CD147 ie EMMPRIN), Indian(CD44), Duffy (Duffy antigen/chemokine receptor or Fy), Scianna (ERMAP), MN (glycophorin A), Diego(band 3), P1, i, AnWj (CD44) etc. Antigens on RBC membrane, and some of which might overlap with KLF1 mutations causing the fraction of hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin with CDA type IV.
References
External links
Transcription factors
The A-E gas field natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 2010 and developed by Sterling Resources. It will begin production in 2018 and will produce natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the A-E gas field are around 43 billion cubic feet (1.2 km³), and production is slated to be around 11 million cubic feet/day (0.31×106m³) in 2018.
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Romania
TV Guide is a weekly New Zealand magazine that lists the country's television programs for each week.
History and profile
TV Guide was started in 1986 as a section in Truth magazine. Soon it became a separate publication. It is published by media business Stuff Ltd, from its Auckland office.
Regular features
Highlights – The best of the week's viewing
Soap Watch – The latest soap opera news
Hot Gossip – TV and movie gossip
TV Movies – more information on movies on television this week
Sport Plus – the sports news
Winners – winners of the magazine's competitions
Mr Telly – readers share their views about what is on television
At the Movies – movies on at cinemas
DVD Video – New DVDs are reviewed
Game On – Reviews of gadgets and games
Horoscopes – horoscope for the week
Puzzle Fun – puzzles
Kids' Club – Games, puzzles and prizes for children
Kids' Club Jokes – jokes sent in by young readers of TV Guide
Staff
Julie Eley - Editor
Chris Bush - Deputy Editor
Kristie Rogers - Art Director
Sarah Nealon - Journalist
Ellie Porter - Print Producer
Melenie Parkes - Journalist
References
External links
1986 establishments in New Zealand
Listings magazines
Magazines established in 1986
Mass media in Auckland
Magazines published in New Zealand
Weekly magazines published in New Zealand
Stuff (company)
Television in New Zealand
Television magazines
Cumminsville is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
The men's 200 metre backstroke competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 14 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Mike O'Brien of US.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, all in backstroke.
Rogério Romero won the gold medal, breaking a string of 5 U.S. titles in a row. Before him, only other non-American had won the race, the Canadian Ralph Hutton, in the first edition of the Games which this race was held, in 1967.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 14.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
Bunker, or Scientists Underground (Russian: Бункер, или учёные под землёй, translit. Bunker, ili uchyonye pod zemlyoy) is a science-fiction mystery television series with comic undertones that was first broadcast on the Russian television network TNT in May 2006.
Series premise
In the year 2012 (a future time when the film was made), an underground laboratory ten kilometres beneath the steppes of Western Siberia is the stage for the top-secret Project BUNKER. Distinguished scientists have been working on a mysterious scientific experiment for the last three years, with a strange, anonymous, and extremely popular erotic manuscript circulating through the complex serving as their only distraction. Now a new researcher has arrived — a veterinarian, despite the lack of animals at the facility — and the scientists already in place are wondering why.
Performers
Yevgeny Stychkin as Pogov
Aleksandra Kulikova as Masha
Tomas Motskus as Vasily
Aleksandr Anurov as Sergey
Vladimir Bolshov as Pyotr Petrovich
Galina Kashkovskaya as Tamara
Ivan Vyrypaev as Gvidon
References
External links
Programme site on Kino Russia
TNT (Russian TV channel) original programming
Russian science fiction television series
2006 Russian television series debuts
2006 Russian television series endings
2000s Russian television series
Russian television miniseries
Behrouz Pakniat (, ) is an Iranian professional footballer who last played for Khayr Vahdat FK.
Club career
Pakniat played for Bargh Shiraz F.C. from 2003 to 2006. They then played for Sanaye Arak F.C. from 2006. In 2010, they were playing for Payam Mashhad F.C.
External links
Behrouz Pakniat Official Blog
References
Living people
1977 births
People from Behbahan
Iranian footballers
Bargh Shiraz players
Payam Mashhad players
Expatriate footballers in Tajikistan
Iranian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Tajikistan Higher League players
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
Castle Forbes (foaled 1961) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racemare voted the American Co-Champion Two-Year-Old Filly of 1963. Sired by the Irish stallion Tulyar, winner of the 1952 Epsom Derby, their dam was Longford, a daughter of the very good American runner, Menow.
Bred and raced by the Phipps family's Wheatley Stable, Castle Forbes was trained by National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame trainer, Bill Winfrey. Among their most important wins at age two, they captured the Sorority Stakes at Monmouth Park and the Gardenia Stakes at Garden State Park in which they defeated the previously unbeaten Tosmah with whom they would share 1963 Championship honors. Castle Forbes was named champion by the Thoroughbred Racing Association, while Tosmah took the rival Daily Racing Form and Turf & Sports Digest awards.
Racing at age three, Castle Forbes won the Acorn Stakes at Belmont Park in New York.
References
1961 racehorse births
1977 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Thoroughbred family 8-c
Syed Faisal Ahmed is a British physician and academic who holds the Samson Gemmell Chair of Child Health at the University of Glasgow. Ahmed is an honorary consultant paediatric endocrinologist at the Royal Hospital for Children Glasgow and was appointed to this post in 2012, being the seventh clinical academic to hold this endowed professorship.
Research
Ahmed's research has received funding from several sources and has gained international attention in a wide range of research activities. Their pioneering work in skeletal development has provided deep insight into the role of the GH/IGF-1 system as well as led to innovative methods of assessing bone quality. Their research in sex development has had impact in several areas but, most importantly, they developed and continues to lead a highly successful international research consortium that started as the International DSD Registry (I-DSD). To improve the health of people in Scotland with DSD they founded the Scottish DSD Network in 2005, one of the first national clinical networks in Scotland; in the UK and internationally, they led the development of the UK DSD consensus guidelines and, was one of the members of the 2005 Chicago Consensus group.
In 2021, Ahmed was awarded the 2021 Research Award for their scientific contributions to the field of paediatric endocrinology.
References
Academics of the University of Glasgow
British paediatric endocrinologists
Human sex difference researchers
University of Edinburgh Medical School alumni
1964 births
Living people
Evolution is the tenth album by progressive rock band Nektar, released in 2004. It was the first Nektar album since 1977's Magic Is a Child to feature original drummer Ron Howden, who rejoined other founding members Roye Albrighton and Taff Freeman.
Track listing
Personnel
Roye Albrighton – Guitars, Lead Vocals
Allan "Taff " Freeman – Keyboards, Piano, Organ, Mellotron, Backing Vocals
Ron Howden – Drums, Backing Vocals
Randy Dembo – Bass Guitar, Bass Pedals, Backing Vocals
External links
Evolution at TheNektarProject.com
References
2004 albums
Nektar albums
Ewing E. Booth (February 28, 1870 - February 19, 1949) was a general in the United States Army who fought in the Spanish–American War and World War I. They received several decorations for their service, including the United States Army Distinguished Service Medal and the French Croix de Guerre.
Early life
Booth was born on February 28, 1870 to Nathaniel and Martha Bower Booth in Bowers Mill, Missouri. In 1892, they married Elizabeth "Lizzie" Williams; they were the parents of a daughter, Gladys.
Military career
In 1893, Booth enlisted in Colorado National Guard as a private. In 1896, they received their commission as a second lieutenant. They served as a captain in the 1st Colorado Volunteer Infantry during the Spanish–American War and was honorably discharged on July 14, 1899. They were then transferred to the 36th United States Volunteer Infantry, where they served until March 16, 1901. On February 2, 1901, they became a first lieutenant in the 7th Cavalry Regiment. They graduated from the Infantry and Cavalry School in 1903, and transferred to the 10th Cavalry Regiment on August 22, 1904, as a captain. On May 11, 1905 they returned to the 7th Cavalry, and they graduated from the Command and General Staff College in 1905. From 1912 to 1915 Booth served as an aide to Major General J. Franklin Bell. They were assigned to the 1st Cavalry on October 15, 1915, and was promoted to the rank of major on May 15, 1917. Booth served as Chief of Staff of the Army's Eastern Department from June to August 1917, and became a lieutenant colonel on August 5, 1917. They were then assigned to the newly-created 77th Infantry Division as Chief of Staff, becoming a colonel by February 3, 1918, and then a brigadier general on June 25, 1918.
During this period, Booth served as the commanding officer of the 8th Infantry Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division. They participated in the Second Battle of the Marne in July and August 1918, and the Battle of Saint-Mihiel in September. In September and October of that same year they led the 8th Infantry Brigade in the first phase of the Meuse-Argonne Offensive, for which they were later awarded the Army Distinguished Service Medal on July 9, 1919. After the armistice, Booth served with the American army of occupation in Germany until January 10, 1919. They then joined the Service of Supply as assistant Chief of Staff, and was promoted to Chief of Staff on June 20. The following day, Booth was given the additional title of Chief of Staff of all American Forces in France. On January 8, 1920, they were made deputy allied high commander in Armenia, and served in this capacity until June 30.
On July 1, 1920, Booth reverted to the rank of colonel of cavalry and returned to the United States to act as the assistant commandant of the Army's General Service School. They became the school's director in 1921, but left to become an instructor at the Army War College in 1923. After a year of teaching at the college Booth returned to active service, commanding the 4th Cavalry Brigade on the US-Mexico border, followed by the 1st Cavalry Brigade in Arizona. Booth was then commandant of the United States Cavalry School at Fort Riley, Kansas from July 1, 1925 to May 1, 1927, during which time they met and posed for a picture with Will Rogers. From 1927 to 1931 they served as assistant, then deputy Chief of Staff of the United States Department of War. Booth was given command of the 1st Cavalry Division on April 27, 1931, and was then assigned to the Philippines from January 31, 1932 to February 28, 1934.
Death and legacy
Booth retired from military service on February 28, 1934 and moved to Los Angeles, California. After the death of their wife in January 1943, they moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland to live near their daughter. They died in Chevy Chase on February 19, 1949, and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
References
Bibliography
External links
1870 births
1949 deaths
Military personnel from Missouri
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre (France)
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Caladenia callitrophila, commonly known as the Berrigan spider orchid is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to a small area in New South Wales. It has a single leaf and one or two pale greenish-yellow flowers with red markings and only occurs in three small populations.
Description
Caladenia callitrophila is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single leaf, long and wide. One or two flowers are borne on a stalk tall. The flowers are pale greenish-yellow with reddish marks and are wide. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and about wide while the lateral sepals are about the same length but twice as wide, spread widely and turn down below horizontal. The petals are long and about wide and also deflected downwards at an angle. The labellum is long and wide, yellowish with red lines and a maroon tip. The labellum curves forward and downwards and there are six to nine pairs of red teeth on its sides. The mid-line of the labellum has four or six rows of maroon calli up to long. Flowering occurs from September to October.
Taxonomy and naming
Caladenia callitrophila was first formally described by David L. Jones in 1999 and the description was published in The Orchadian from a specimen collected near Berrigan. The specific epithet (callitrophila) is derived from the name of cypress pines in the genus Callitris. This orchid grows in Callitris woodland.
Distribution and habitat
Berrigan orchid occurs in three small scattered populations near Berrigan where it grows in Callistris woodland.
References
callitrophila
Plants described in 1999
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Taxa named by David L. Jones (botanist)
Tochile-Răducani is a village in Leova District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Leova District
Slax is a LiveCD Linux distribution developed by Tomáš Matějíček and based on upstream customizable Linux distributions. Packages can be added by apt package manager or can be prepared as modules. The tagline for Slax refers to itself as "your pocket operating system".
Features
One of the main benefits of the Slax distribution is its ease of customization. Additional software can be added and removed, using Slax modules. A traditional package manager such as Debian's APT is not required to load additional software; Slax modules are completely self-contained. However, APT is fully supported. Users can also modify the default CD image or USB drive installation to customize the packages available in the distribution on boot. Slax also allows Debian packages to be converted into Slax modules.
Slax modules are compressed read-only SquashFS file system images that are compressed with a LZMA compressor. The various modules are stacked together to build the complete Slax root directory. A supplemental writable layer (a tmpfs file system) is put on the top of the stack to implement the write functionality.
The stackable file system of choice changed between Slax versions 5 (UnionFS) and 6 (aufs), as did the module file name extension (changed from to ).
Versions
Slackware-Live! 1
Slackware-Live! 1.8.0.1 was based on Slackware 8.0. Slackware-Live! 1.81.0.21 was based on Slackware 8.1.
Slackware-Live! 2
Slackware-Live! 2.9.0.1 was based on Slackware 9.0.
Slax 3
Slackware-Live! was renamed to SLAX in 3.0.24.
Slax 4
Slax 4.0.1 is based on 4.0.1 linux live scripts with Linux Kernel 2.4.25.
Slax 4.2.0 special is based on SLAX 4.2.0.
Slax 5
There were five editions of Slax 5:
Slax Standard was the standard edition for normal personal use, introduced in Slax 5.0.0.
Slax KillBill included Wine, DOSBox and QEMU to run DOS and Microsoft Windows applications, introduced with Slax 5.0.2.
Slax Server supplied additional Internet functionality and came with pre-configured DNS, DHCP, Samba, HTTP, FTP, MySQL, SMTP, POP3, IMAP and SSH servers and several other server applications, introduced with Slax 5.0.8.
Slax Popcorn was a minimalistic edition focused on browsing and multimedia playback, introduced with Slax 5.0.5. It featured Mozilla Firefox as the default web browser and the lightweight Xfce as a desktop environment instead of KDE.
Slax Frodo was a "bare bones" edition, providing only a full-featured text-only environment, particularly focused on computers with small amounts of RAM.
The Fluxbox Window Manager was an option in all editions except Frodo.
Slax 5.0.0 standard edition is based on Slackware-current and Linux Live 5 with UnionFS and SquashFS, Linux kernel 2.6.11.6.
Slax 6
Slax 6 is offered in a single version and completely relies on modules (additional packages) for extra features. From version 6, modules are based on LZMA compression, but some compatibility was initially provided between the obsolete .mo modules used by Slax version 5 and the more recent modules of version 6. As there have been some changes between Linux kernel versions during sub-version releases of Slax 6, however, the .mo modules of Slax 5 are now considered obsolete. Each module or package should be compiled for compatibility with the Linux kernel currently in use.
Slax 7
Slax version 7 was announced on the developer's blog (which has now been integrated into a newly refreshed Slax website). Slax 7 supports both 64-bit and 32-bit architectures, and according to its download page, "is available in more than 50 languages". It also features a stripped-down version of KDE 4, a new wallpaper, and a new module system.
Slax 9
In November 2017, the developer announced the release of version 9. This latest edition is heavily rewritten and is based on Debian, and relies on APT to add packages. The default builds (both 32-bit and 64-bit) contain Fluxbox window manager with a terminal, Chromium web browser, LeafPad text editor, calculator, file manager, and network manager.
Slax 11
Slax 11.2 is based on Debian Bullseye (version 11.2).. Slax 11.3 is based on Debian version 11.3.0. Slax 11.4 is based on Debian version 11.4.0.
Slax 15
Slax 15.0 is based on Slackware 15.
See also
Lightweight Linux distribution
List of Linux distributions that run from RAM
References
External links
Official website
Slax developer's blog
Slax in OpenSourceFeed gallery
Customizing Slax Configurations
Reviews:
Everyday Linux User Review of SLAX
Debian-based distributions
Light-weight Linux distributions
Linux distributions
Live CD
Live USB
Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media
Slackware
William Barry ( – ) was an American Congregationalist pastor and writer.
William Barry was born on in Boston, Massachusetts. They graduated from Brown University in 1822 and studied law, but entered Cambridge Divinity School in 1826, and after two years there spent two more in study in Gottingen and Paris. They were ordained pastor of the South Congregational Church, Lowell, Massachusetts, in 1830, and in 1835 took charge of the 1st church at Framingham. Failing health forced them to give up their charge in 1844, and they travelled in Europe and Asia until 1847, when they returned and took charge of another church in Lowell. In 1853 their health compelled them to cease work again, and they removed to Chicago, Illinois. Here they organized the Chicago Historical Society in 1856, and was its secretary and librarian until 1868. Barry was one of the most accomplished scholars and ablest writers in the west. It was in their office that President Abraham Lincoln obtained the data for their memorable address at the Cooper Institute in New York. Among their publications are Rights and Duties of Neighboring Churches; Thoughts on Christian Doctrine (Lowell, Mass., 1845); History of Framingham (Boston, 1847); Antiquities of Wisconsin (in Wisconsin Historical Collections, vol. iii.) ; and Letters from the East. William Barry died on 17 January 1885 in Chicago.
Created via preloaddraft
1805 births
1885 deaths
American Congregationalists
Fuse is a four-player cooperative third-person shooter video game developed by Insomniac Games and published by Electronic Arts for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The game was announced as Overstrike before it was rebranded in August 2012. It was released on May 28, 2013 in North America, May 30, 2013 in Australia and on May 31, 2013 in Europe. Fuse was both a critical and commercial failure for Electronic Arts.
Gameplay
Fuse is an action game, which features four-player co-op and a selection of weapons, akin to those which are prominently featured in Insomniac Games' PlayStation-exclusive Ratchet & Clank and Resistance series. Each character has its own powerful unique Fuse-powered weapon than can assist other players in gameplay. For example, Dalton's weapon is a mag shield that can absorb bullets, and its secondary fire can push the bullets back to the enemies, killing them. The first official released screenshots revealed that Fuse is a third-person action game with cover shooting mechanics. Characters also have a skill tree, which can be upgraded as a player increases their or their level. The game also includes a horde mode, titled Echelon, similar to that in Gears of War.
Plot
The game is set in the near future and follows a team of four misfit agents collectively known as Overstrike 9, whose mission is to stop the evil Raven Corporation from gaining an alien substance called Fuse. Using Fuse powered weapons and tech gadgets and lethal teamwork to gain the energy. The members of Overstrike 9 are Dalton Brooks (voiced by Brian Bloom), a reformed and sarcastic mercenary, equipped with a Mag Shield, which is an energy shield, Naya Deveraux (voiced by Jennifer Hale), worked for Raven with their dad, they are equipped with a cloak device and has a gun that creates tiny black holes called the Warp Rifle, Isabelle "Izzy" Sinclair (voiced by Ali Hillis), a gifted, but rebellious young scientist, equipped with a crystallization gun called the Shattergun, and Jacob Kimble (voiced by Khary Payton), a decorated detective with a bit of a temper, equipped with a fire crossbow called the Arcshot. Their government handler is Lyndon Burgess, codenamed Oculus (voiced by David Kaye). The antagonists include Dalton's ex-lover and boss, Meilin Mao (voiced by Gwendoline Yeo), Naya's estranged father working for Raven, Luther Deveraux (voiced by JB Blanc), Ivan Sovlenko (voiced by Steve Blum), who purposely injects themselves with Fuse to grant themselves superhuman abilities and Senator William Fable (voiced by David B. Mitchell), who plans to use Fuse to make their weaponry more powerful.
A top secret government weapons lab, called Hyperion Base, had mysteriously gone quiet some time after Senator William Fable arrived. In response to this, Lyndon Burgess sends in their black ops team, Overstrike 9, to investigate. Once inside, they learn of Fuse, an alien substance that radically bonds with anything it comes into contact with, used in development of advanced weapons. At the same time, Raven, a paramilitary corporation, breaks in. Overstrike 9 manages to reach the main Fuse lab. Though Dalton orders it destroyed, Izzy "accidentally" opens the main Fuse vault at the same time Raven captures the lab. Dalton's former lover and boss, Meilin Mao, appears, holding Fable hostage. Dalton threatened to kill Fable, suspecting that they allowed Raven into the base but their team reminds them that they are outnumbered, so they surrender.
Overstrike 9 is brought to Raven's underwater Triton Base, where it is revealed that Dalton's suspicions were correct, as Fable was in league with Raven. At the same time, Naya is reunited with their estranged father, Luther, who seeks to aid their escape. Overstrike 9 then goes to the base's Fuse core and prepare to detonate it but first had to deal with Ivan Sovlenko, who purposely injects themselves with Fuse to create illusions but they defeat him. Overstrike 9 then escapes the destruction of the base.
The team is later sent to Sheng Island, where Meilin was planning to launch a corrupted Fuse rocket at a populated area as a demonstration for interested buyers. They were able to lock the missile in place and Dalton kills Meilin, narrowly escaping as the corrupted Fuse ignites, destroying all life on the island.
Overstrike 9 is next sent to Karakoram in search of Luther and Fable. But at the same time, Fable betrays Raven, revealing to be in league with a mysterious organization only known as "the Order". They coerced half of Raven to defect and steal the corrupted Fuse. Overstrike 9 is unable to attempt pursuit. For their failure, the client that hired the team rescinded their contract. However, Naya convinces the team that their father might be able to help them locate the Fuse and reveals that they had located their safe house in Jodhpur. With Burgess' aid, Overstrike 9 storms Luther's compound at the same time Fable's loyalists assault it. Fighting their way through both way through both Raven factions, Overstrike 9 manages to locate Luther and enlist their aid against Fable.
Overstrike 9 goes into space, where Fable was deploying satellites to fire Fuse-powered missiles to create an extinction event and force the world into ending conflict, framing Raven as a scapegoat. As a demonstration, Fable wipes out Munich. Overstrike 9 manages to prevent Fable from firing any more by launched AI-controlled shuttles into destroying the satellites. They then arrive at the last vault of corrupted Fuse. They managed to destroy it at the same time Fable engages them in a powered exoskeleton. After a vigorous battle, Overstrike 9 is able to vaporize Fable before narrowly escaping the space station's destruction. Then suddenly, their shuttle collides with debris.
Burgess and their client presume Overstrike 9 dead and agree to cover up the destruction of Munich to have been perpetrated by Raven fanatics. Burgess also learns from the client that Fable's faction was known as the Order of Grigori, who may be searching for other stockpiles of Fuse.
Up in space, it is revealed that Overstrike 9 had survived and are merely unconscious. Dalton then opens their eyes, revealing that they are glowing, hinting that he, and presumably the rest of their team, have bonded with the Fuse.
Development
In May 2010, Ted Price said Insomniac Games were at work on a multiplatform game for both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. On June 6, 2011, during Electronic Arts' press conference at E3 2011, that game was revealed to be called Overstrike with a trailer and a short appearance and synopsis from Price. On August 31, 2012, the game was revealed to have been reworked and rebranded as Fuse. The game was developed at their main studio in Burbank, California, and was published as part of the EA Partners program for the asupervisorstioned platforms. This marks the first time the developer was to own its own IP, as well as the first time they released a game with a publisher other than Sony Computer Entertainment since Universal Interactive Studios.
Reception
Fuse received "mixed" reviews on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Most praised its Fuse weapons and co-op action, but criticized its team A.I. and confusing tone. Its change in art style and tone from Overstrike was criticized by some which called its new-look generic and uninspired. First week sales in the UK were low, with the game reaching number 37 on the all-format charts.
National Post gave the Xbox 360 version a score of eight out of ten and said it was "a strong foray for Insomniac. It's the Ratchet & Clank/Resistance developer's first game that isn't exclusive to Sony systems, and is a polished piece of software." The Escapist similarly gave it a score of four stars out of five and said, "Some of Fuses flaws, like the grindy boss fights and a storyline that takes itself a little too seriously at times, can harm the experience, but it's a well built third-person shooter that's fun to play solo or on a team." 411Mania gave the same console version a score of 6.3 out of 10 and called it "a bare-boned [sic] co-op shooter. If you need something to play with friends, it's not a bad game, just lacking a personality that other co-op shooters tend to have. The Xenotech weapons are worth a look, but the rest of the game is forgettable." GameZone gave it a score of six out of ten and said it was "exactly what we thought it'd be: a tired, worn-out shooter with very little to offer outside of a generic action shooter experience." The Globe and Mail gave it a similarly mixed review and said, "There's nothing remarkable about it – it feels like a game we've seen a hundred times before. At this point in the evolution of games and of this generation of consoles in particular, that sort of mere serviceability just isn't enough to impress."
The Digital Fix gave the PlayStation 3 version a score of six out of ten and said it was "so poor by Insomniac's usually high standards that it's hard to believe Insomniac actually made it." Slant Magazine gave the same console version two-and-a-half stars out of five and said that nothing "really excuses the banality of Fuse itself, which is missing the larger-than-life set pieces that might make the campaign pop, nor the redundancy of the gameplay, which gives you all these cool weapons only to have you do the same thing with them over and over again, regardless of whether you're on a space station or an underwater research facility." Metro gave the Xbox 360 version four out of ten and called it "An inexplicably bland shooter from the usually reliable Insomniac that has no personality and no sense of purpose beyond a few hours of empty co-op action."
References
External links
Official website
2013 video games
Action video games
Cooperative video games
Electronic Arts games
Insomniac Games games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation 3 games
Science fiction video games
Video games featuring female protagonists
Xbox 360 games
Video games using Havok
Video games developed in the United States
Chonioconarida is an extinct subclass of free living animals from the Tentaculita class,
which were common in the Silurian and Devonian oceans. Chonioconarids have a slim and long
needle-like larval parts. They are covered with sculpture throughout (Farsan 2005). Their affinity is unknown. Their fossils are known from Australia, Asia, Europe, Africa, North and South America.
References
Farsan, N.M. 2005. Description of the early ontogenetic part of the Tentaculitids, with implications for classification. Lethaia 38: 255-270.
Tentaculita
Silurian animals
Devonian animals
Late Devonian animals
Silurian first appearances
Devonian extinctions
Percy Kellick Hoskins (28 December 1904 – 5 February 1989) was the chief crime reporter for the British newspaper the Daily Express in the 1950s. They also provided stories for radio and television crime shows, such as Whitehall 1212.
Hoskins earned a mixture of notoriety and admiration within their profession due to the stance they took regarding suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams. Hoskins was the only reporter with a national paper to support Adams when arrested in 1956, while the rest of the press unanimously assumed Adams's guilt. Hoskins's stance was seen by their peers as career suicide, but, in the end, Adams was acquitted. Lord Beaverbrook, the paper's proprietor, phoned Hoskins after the verdict and told him, "Two people were acquitted today", meaning that Hoskins would keep their job and their reputation. This quote later became the title of a book Hoskins wrote about the case. During the trial, Hoskins befriended Adams, and when Adams died in 1983, they bequeathed Hoskins £1,000. Hoskins gave the money to charity.
Life
Hoskins was born in Bridport, Dorset, England. They joined the Evening Standard when they were 19 and then moved on to the Daily Express, where they worked for more than five decades in the crime department, eventually becoming its chief reporter. They were famed for the friendships they cultivated with police officers, who would often act as their sources. They "kept open house for senior police officers at their flat at 55 Park Lane". Hoskins was said to know where a great many skeletons were hidden in high places: "If you were in trouble with the police, you rang Percy before your lawyer".
They avoided having their own desk at the Express so that executives could not complain at the working hours they did or did not keep. Of Hoskins's approach to work, fellow journalist Michael Bywater recalled their advice: "Whenever you are interviewing somebody, always have this question in the back of your mind 'Why is this bugger lying to me?'"
They were seen by many as "amiable [and] rotund" and boasted a long friendship with their "lookalike" Alfred Hitchcock, with whom Hoskins once posed in Soho for a 'bookends picture'. They were also friends with J Edgar Hoover, director of the FBI.
They had a close friendship with the newspaper's proprietor, Lord Beaverbrook.
John Bodkin Adams case
In 1956 Scotland Yard opened an investigation into the deaths of the patients of Dr John Bodkin Adams, an Eastbourne general practitioner. Hoskins was the only reporter with a major paper to doubt the guilt of Adams during the investigation and subsequent trial. The case attracted worldwide attention, and, at the height of the press hysteria, figures of 400 victims were being mentioned. Hoskins lonely stance on Adams's innocence was, they later wrote, caused by conversations they had had with Adams during the police investigation: they noted Adams's apparent lack of concern and 'naive' inability to realise how in danger their life was when faced with the death penalty, then still in effect. Others have also cited their dislike of the officer in charge of the case, Herbert Hannam, as contributing to Hoskins's opposition to the investigation.
Hoskins's stance led Lord Beaverbrook, the owner of their paper, to question Hoskins's (and therefore the newspaper's) take on the story, since every other paper was convinced of Adams's guilt. When Adams was acquitted of one count of murder at the Old Bailey in 1957 (another charge was withdrawn via a nolle prosequi), Lord Beaverbrook phoned Hoskins and told him, "Two people were acquitted today", meaning that Hoskins was to retain their job and their reputation.
After the trial, Adams was whisked away to a safe house by Hoskins and interviewed for two weeks. The resulting articles appeared exclusively in the Express. Hoskins and Adams remained friends for the rest of Adams's life, and each year, on the anniversary of the acquittal, Adams would phone Hoskins to thank them for another year of their life.
When Adams died in 1983, they left Hoskins £1000, which "somewhat embarrassed" Hoskins. Hoskins gave it to charity. In 1984, Hoskins published a book about the case: "Two Men Were Acquitted: The trial and acquittal of Doctor John Bodkin Adams". They reiterated their belief that Adams was innocent but conceded that Adams had been naive in their behaviour and too avaricious in their chase of patients' bequests.
Scotland Yard's files on the case were opened in 2003 and show that police believed that 163 of Adams patients died in suspicious circumstances. Reporter Rodney Hallworth and historian Pamela Cullen also identify another patient, Annie Sharpe, as a possible victim who was not included in this number, and Cullen further identifies Edward Cavendish, 10th Duke of Devonshire as a probable victim.
Books
No Hiding Place ! the Full Authentic Story of Scotland Yard in Action, Daily Express, 1951
The Sound of Murder, John Long, 1973
Two Men Were Acquitted: The trial and acquittal of Doctor John Bodkin Adams, Secker & Warburg, 1984
Radio
Hoskins contributed storylines and research to the radio series Whitehall 1212, about Scotland Yard's Black Museum. It was written by Wyllis Cooper and ran for 44 episodes in the early 1950s.
Hoskins also helped produce the crime prevention programme It's Your Money They're After for the BBC in conjunction with the Metropolitan Police though it was judged to have had little effect on crime figures.
Cinema and television writing
Hoskins provided the stories for the following programmes and films.
The Blue Parrot (1953) (story "Gunman" (with John Le Mesurier))
Dangerous Cargo (1954) (with John Le Mesurier)
Burnt Evidence (1954)
Appearances
On 17 September 1957 Percy Hoskins appeared on Game 1 of the American TV Show, "To Tell the Truth" with panellists Polly Bergen, Ralph Bellamy, Kitty Carlisle, and Hy Gardner.
References
External links
Photo of Hoskins – 17 January 1963
1904 births
1989 deaths
People from Bridport
British male journalists
Oscar Isidro Parrilli (born 13 August 1951) is an Argentine lawyer and politician, member of the Justicialist Party.
Oscar Parrilli is a National Senator. They were born in San Martín de Los Andes, Neuquén province in 1951 and studied law at the University of Buenos Aires.
They obtained their law degree in 1976 from the University of Buenos Aires and specialized in Commercial Societies and business management at the Universidad del Comahue.  They are married and has four children.In 2003, President Néstor Kirchner designated them General Secretary of Presidency.
In 1982, at the end of the dictatorship that interrupted their activism, they founded the Arturo Jauretche Athenaeum. With the return to democracy, they were elected member of congress in the Legislature of the province of Neuquén in the period 1983-1987, they presided over the Justicialist bloc between 1986 and 1987. They were head of the Justicialist party of the province of Neuquén between 1988 and 1993 and in 1989 they were elected National Deputy for the same province. They were a candidate for the governorship of their province in 1991 and obtained 30% of the votes, behind the elected governor Jorge Sobisch.
References
1951 births
Living people
Members of the Argentine Senate for Neuquén
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Neuquén
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Argentine Secretaries of Intelligence
Fourmile Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is approximately in length. It has a drainage basin of and is a part of the Lake Erie Watershed.
Course
Fourmile Creek starts in Greene Township, immediately north of Pennsylvania Route 8. It flows northwest, with its valley getting deeper as it flows onwards. After several miles, it crosses under Interstate 90 and exits Greene Township, entering Harborcreek Township. At this point, the creek turns northwards and its valley continues to get deeper. After some distance, the valley gets shallower and the creek flows under Pennsylvania Route 290. It turns northwest and heads along the border between Harborcreek Township and Erie, eventually entering Erie. Upon entering Erie, it continues northwest, passing through the Lawrence Park Golf Club and entering Lake Erie.
Hydrology
The pH of Fourmile Creek ranges between 6 and 9. The salinity ranges from 0.1 parts per trillion to 0.3 parts per trillion. The total concentration of dissolved solids ranges from 180 to 500 parts per million. In 1982, the concentration of sodium in the creek ranged from 2.91 to 40.8 milligrams per liter at two sites. In the same year, the concentration of magnesium ranged from 2.9 to 14.2 milligrams per liter at two sites. The calcium concentration ranged from 29.3 to 134.5 milligrams per liter at two sites. The concentration of phosphates ranged from 0 to 0.55 milligrams per liter at two sites.
During times of flooding, the velocity of the waters of Fourmile Creek is per second. During droughts, the velocity is per second. The discharge ranges from 1400 cubic centimeters per second in times of drought to 91,000 cubic centimeters per second during floods. The conductivity of the creek ranges from 274 micro-siemens to 747 micro-siemens. Between late summer and spring, the water temperature ranges from to .
In a list of 22 tributaries of Lake Erie compiled in a Strategic Action Plan, Fourmile Creek was ranked as the fourth-lowest in water quality. There are few cases of nonpoint source pollution in the upper reaches of the creek.
There are two dams on Fourmile Creek. One is located in the Lawrence Park Golf Course and the other is located south of Station Road. There is also a block of concrete in the stream that functions as a third dam.
A stream in the watershed of Fourmile Creek received sewage discharges for at least 20 years in the 1900s.
Geology and Geography
There is one waterfall on Fourmile Creek. It is high and located between Cooper Road and Interstate 90.
There are granite formations along the upper reaches of Fourmile Creek. Sheets of porphyry are mixed in with the granite. The shale-containing Belt formation occupies parts of the creek's watershed. There is a large mass of rhyolite located near the creek. It is approximately thick and is the largest such mass in Pennsylvania. Another mass of rhyolite in the watershed is thick.
In its upper reaches, Fourmile Creek flows through a relatively narrow valley that is deep. There is slide rock in the valley.
Fourmile Creek has an elevation of above sea level.
History
Since 2007, improvements have been undertaken to improve steelhead spawning in Fourmile Creek and provide better fishing access. As of 2011, two aluminum fishways have been added to allow steelhead trout to bypass river obstacles and improve access to their spawning grounds. In 2012, a golf course adjacent to these improvements finalized legal easements granting public access to the fishways via their private property.
Biology
The pathogenic Aeromonas veronii bacteria has been observed in Fourmile Creek. Benthic macroinvertebrates live in the upper reaches of the creek. Six species of mayflies were observed on the creek in the late 1970s and early 1980s. They are Paraleptophlebia strigula, Paraleptophlebia debilis, Habrophlebiodes americana, Baetis tricaudatus, Baetus flavistriga, and Ameletus ludens.
Pine trees grow densely in the valley in the upper reaches of Fourmile Creek.
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
Twelvemile Creek
Twentymile Creek
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Lake Erie
Rivers of Erie County, Pennsylvania
Iconoclasts is a platform game by Swedish developer Joakim "Konjak" Sandberg and published by Bifrost Entertainment. The game was released on January 23, 2018 for Microsoft Windows, macOS, Linux, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita, and August 2, 2018 for the Nintendo Switch and it was also was released on January 23, 2020 for Xbox One.
Gameplay
Iconoclasts is a 2D platformer with metroidvania elements. Gameplay involves a mixture of exploring, fighting enemies, and solving environmental puzzles using Robin's tools. The game has a plot that plays out as the player completes levels. The game places a lot of emphasis on boss battles, and there are well over twenty different bosses in the game.
Robin gains several tools over the course of the game, each with both combat and puzzle-solving functions. The wrench is a melee weapon that is also used to turn bolts, grapple, and, later, electrify Robin or other tools and objects. The stun-gun can fire single shots and charge shots, and can destroy some obstacles. The roller bomb shot fires projectile timed explosives or charged missile shots, can destroy some obstacles, and can be electrified. The usurper shot fires piercing beams and a charge shot that causes Robin to exchange places with certain objects and enemies it hits.
The characters Mina, Royal, and Elro join Robin's party at certain times throughout the game; they may assist in boss fights or become controllable by the player.
By finding materials in treasure chests, Robin can craft Tweaks, which provide small gameplay bonuses such as increased melee damage, faster running speed, or unique abilities. Tweaks can only be equipped at save points; one Tweak becomes broken whenever Robin takes damage, and each Tweak must be repaired by refilling a gauge before becoming active again.
Plot
Setting
The main character is Robin, a naive and helpful mechanic. They live in a world where the sinister religious authority the One Concern, ruled by a being known as "Mother", has taken over the government, and allows only licensed mechanics to handle the power source called "Ivory" that drives its machines. Due to their attempts to help people in need despite being a self-taught mechanic, the soldiers of the One Concern track down Robin and label them a criminal and a heretic, which forces them to escape along with their allies and fight back against the One Concern.
Ivory, a white liquid said to exist in all matter on the planet, is venerated by the One Concern as a holy substance. In addition to powering machines, it can grant supernatural abilities to select few humans through fusion with their blood. Those who survive but become mutilated in the process become Agents, legal enforcers possessing extraordinary strength, long lifespans, and a range of superpowers; those who flawlessly survive the process, such as Mother and their successor Royal, are extolled as Mediums, destined leaders of the human race, possessing telekinetic power over all matter containing Ivory.
A conflicting religion is practiced by the Isi, a people who live underwater thanks to excavated technology, powered by harvesting Ivory from the ocean floor through different means than those of the surface dwellers. The One Concern engages in armed conflict against the Isi, labeling them "pirates."
During the course of the game, it is revealed that Ivory supplies are dwindling due to exploitation by both the One Concern and the Isi; not only has research into replacement power sources failed or been regarded as a regression, but the planet's structure has also destabilized due to deprivation of Ivory, causing intermittent earthquakes believed to indicate the impending death of the planet.
Synopsis
Robin is a unregistered mechanic in their community, following in their father's footsteps despite the threat of the One Concern; their brother Elro is a Concern chemist secretly carrying out subversive research while raising their family. One day, Concern agents Black and White surprise Robin while they are repairing Elro's house. As punishment, the house is destroyed, killing their family, and Robin is thrown in prison where they befriend and escapes with Mina, a member of an outcast religious group called the Isi. On the run, Robin encounters Royal, the heir to Mother, leader of the concern. Royal helps Robin evade General Chrome, chief of the Concern military, and Mina takes them both to the hidden settlement Isilugar. They fend off a Concern attack, killing agent White in the process, and Black retreats after taking Mina's partner Samba captive.
The search for Samba brings Robin, Elro, and Mina to a secret Concern structure where children are being brainwashed to form the foundation of a new, cult-like society. Although they rescue Samba, Agent Black rips Elro's arm off over an old wrong and prepares to kill him, but General Chrome intervenes and has them sent to a Concern hospital, much to Black's dismay. In the chaos, Robin is thrown into an underground facility, where they are reunited with Royal. They accidentally activate and defeat a massive alien machine, but it transmits a signal up into the sky as it is destroyed.
Royal offers to help Robin infiltrate the One Concern's headquarters to rescue Elro, but to their dismay finds themselves condemned for the signal transmission- they have accidentally summoned the Starworm, a spacefaring entity the Concern worships as a god, to destroy the planet. The Concern activates an emergency plan to evacuate its leadership to one of the moons on a rocket. General Chrome, learning of this, decides the Concern has lost its way and starts an insurrection. After rescuing Elro, Royal seeks an audience with Mother, who rejects and attacks him, forcing Robin to kill them As the One Concern collapses into civil war, Chrome corners the group and prepares to execute them to clear the field for their new regime, but is themselves killed by Elro.
Royal convinces everyone to help them hijack the escape rocket and confront the Starworm themselves on the moon. Agent Black resolves to stop them, but is killed after transforming into a monstrous creature. Upon arriving at the moon base, Royal gets the Starworm's attention, but it ignores their entreaties until they go too far and damages it with their powers, provoking it into breaching the base's hull. Royal sinks into despair and Robin is forced to leave them behind and return home in an escape capsule.
The Starworm burrows into the planet and everyone tries to make their peace with the seemingly imminent end of the world. Robin, optionally accompanied by Mina depending on dialog choices, goes to its landing site and exploits the damage Royal did to incapacitate it. The Starworm is revealed to be a vehicle piloted by a large birdlike alien, who had expected to drain the planet of its ivory to refuel. After the alien is defeated, the Starworm ruptures and discharges a vast amount of ivory, rejuvenating the ecosystem. Robin returns home and takes a well-deserved nap.
In the end credits scene we see what happens to some of the other people of the planet: doctor Gustavo and Teegan start studying their new surroundings post-crisis situation, the ChemiCo Contra rediscover a way to use electricity, Tolo mourns General Chrome's death as the rest of the soldiers recognize them as their new leader, Mina and Samba reunite and share a kiss, Mendeleev furiously cries as Nobel accompanies them and Ash looks at them in the distance before disappearing just as Nobel turns around, Emmet Darland lies in the peak of a snowy mountain alone and lost, their position of power and place in the world now gone, people of the Bastion suffer the consecuences of Chrome's insurrection, the isolated members of the tower struggle to find a new purpose in life and Samba and Mina look forward into the new future their friend has given to them.
Development
Iconoclasts are in development since 2010, totalling 8 years of development before its 2018 release. It was initially called Ivory Springs, then The Iconoclasts. The existence of the game was revealed in 2011. In 2015, it was announced that it would be released for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita with the assistance of Bifrost Entertainment. In 2017, the game's release date was announced as January 23, 2018. The game uses Construct Classic as its engine.
A demo has been released on the game's official website.
The soundtrack composed by Joakim Sandberg was released February 1, 2018.
Reception
Graham Smith of Rock, Paper, Shotgun called the action in the game's demo "spectacular and tactical". Andy Chalk of PC Gamer called the previews of the game "impressive".
Upon release, Iconoclasts received "generally favorable" reviews on Metacritic with a score of 86 on PC and 83 on PlayStation 4. the game was well received for its visuals, characters, story and subject matter while it also got criticism regarding the combat and linearity. The game was nominated for "Fan Favorite Indie Game" at the Gamers' Choice Awards.
References
External links
2018 video games
Dystopian video games
Linux games
MacOS games
Metroidvania games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Vita games
Science fiction video games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in Sweden
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games set on fictional planets
Windows games
Xbox One games
Lieutenant Colonel George de Grey, 8th Baron Walsingham (9 May 1884 – 29 November 1965) was a British soldier and peer.
Early life
Walsingham was born on 9 May 1884 at Westminster, London. They were the son of John Augustus de Grey, 7th Baron Walsingham and the former Elizabeth Henrietta Grant. Among their siblings were Hon. Elizabeth Helen de Grey (wife of Maj. Henry Wynter Blathwayt), Hon. Margaret Henrietta de Grey (wife of Bethel Godefroy Bouwens and Cyril Fabian Ratcliff Johnston), Hon. Alice Mary de Grey (wife of Philip Wade), and Hon. Richard Patrick de Grey (husband of Cynthia Estelle Myring and Dorothy Knight).
Their paternal grandparents were Thomas de Grey, 5th Baron Walsingham and the former Hon. Emily Elizabeth Julia Thellusson (a daughter and coheiress of John Thellusson, 2nd Baron Rendlesham). Their maternal grandfather, Patrick Grant, a Scottish merchant with the East India Company, was a son of James Grant, 11th of Glenmoriston.
They were educated at Eton College before attending the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Career
Walsingham fought in the World War I, where they were wounded three times and was mentioned in dispatches four times. They were awarded the Distinguished Service Order in 1915. They gained the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the Royal Norfolk Regiment. They were appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire and was appointed Officer of the Order of Saint John and, later, served in World War II.
Upon the death of their father on 21 March 1929, they succeeded as the 8th Baron Walsingham, of Walsingham, Norfolk and the following year became a Justice of the Peace for Norfolk in 1930 and was made Deputy Lieutenant of Norfolk in 1959.
Personal life
On 29 April 1919, Grey was married to Hyacinth Lambart Bouwens, a daughter of Lt.-Col. Lambart Henry Bouwens. Together, they were the parents of:
Hon. Lavender Hyacinth de Grey (1923–2010), who married Col. William d'Arcy Garnier, a son of Brigadier Alan Parry Garnier, in 1946.
John de Grey, 9th Baron Walsingham (b. 1925), a Lt.-Col. who married Wendy Elizabeth Hoare, a daughter of Edward Sidney Hoare, in 1963.
Hon. Margaret Isolda de Grey (b. 1926), who married the High Sheriff of Devon, Maj. Geoffrey Edward Ford North.
Hon. Katharine Odeyne de Grey (b. 1928), who married George Herbert, 7th Earl of Powis, son of Rt. Rev. Percy Mark Herbert, in 1949.
They died on 29 November 1965 at age 81.
Descendants
Through their eldest daughter Lavender, they were a grandfather of Edward Garnier (b. 1952), the former Solicitor General for England and Wales who was created a life peer as Baron Garnier in 2018.
References
External links
George de Grey, 8th Baron Walsingham at the National Portrait Gallery, London
1884 births
1965 deaths
People from Westminster
People from Walsingham
People educated at Eton College
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
George 8
Omniverse may refer to:
Omniverse .:. Frequency, a 2002 album by Rake
Omniverse, a 1970s-era fanzine produced by Mark Gruenwald
Ben 10: Omniverse, a series part of the Ben 10 franchise
Multiverse, the collection of all universes
Multiverse (DC Comics)
Multiverse (Marvel Comics)
Nvidia Omniverse, a graphics collaboration platform
See also
Megaverse (disambiguation)
Metaverse (disambiguation)
Multiverse (disambiguation)
Universe (disambiguation)
Batrachorhina affinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Axe Records is a Canadian record label founded by Greg Hambleton in 1972. After a number of years of inactivity, the label was revived in 2013. It is particularly notable as the original recording label of Canadian duo Gary and Dave.
History
Axe Records was founded by Greg Hambleton in 1972. The label was initially distributed by London Records of Canada. The first artists signed to the label included Canadian group Thundermug. In 1974 Axe moved into offices in the Toronto Sound Studio building on Overlea Boulevard.
By 1975, the label was distributed by GRT Records in Canada. The company had no consistent international distribution. The company's most successful artist duo, Gary and Dave, was distributed by London Records in the United States. Its principal rock band, Thundermug, was distributed by the Big Tree and the Epic labels and, as of 1975, at the initiative of Hambleton, by Mercury Records. International licensing arrangements were signed with EMI Electrola, Basart and Decca UK.
The label's major recording success was with Gary and Dave. The label also released records by Thundermug, Fergus, The Sattalites, Rain (with Charity Brown), Keith Hampshire, Major Hoople's Boarding House, Steel River, Tom Northcott and Walter Ostanek, among others.
In 2013, the label was revived by its founder and owner, Greg Hambleton, to re-issue and market the original recordings by its original artists, as well as to sign new artists.
References
External links
Record labels established in 1972
Mường Lát is a township () and capital of Mường Lát District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
Claire Feuerstein was the defending champion, however they chose not to participate.
Margarita Gasparyan won the title, defeating wildcard Mathilde Johansson in the final, 6–3, 6–4.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Open GDF Suez Seine-et-Marne - Singles
Gustave Henri De Bruyne was a Belgian athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Belgian male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Belgium
Place of birth missing
Back to God's Country is a 1919 Canadian drama film directed by David Hartford. It is one of the earliest Canadian feature films. The film starred and was co-written by Canadian actor Nell Shipman. With an estimated budget of over $67,000, it was the most successful silent film in Canadian history.
The film is noteworthy as it starred Shipman and was produced by their husband, Ernest. Shipman was one of the first women to do a nude scene on screen in the movie. In 1918, they created a production company, Shipman-Curwood Producing Company, to produce Back to God's Country. The film was the only film the company would produce, and was based on a short story, "Whapi, the Walrus", by James Oliver Curwood.
Curwood's story was adapted to the screen by Nell herself. They changed the protagonist of the film from a great dane to the female lead, Dolores. Shipman also shaped their character into a hero, who saves their husband. Curwood was infuriated with Shipman, but commercially the film was extremely successful, posting a 300 percent profit and grossing a million-and-a-half dollars.
Cast
Preservation status
The film has been re-made twice by Hollywood, but the original version was believed to have been lost. However, a print of the original film was found in Europe, restored in 1985, and re-released. A copy of the film is in the Library of Congress film archive, and it has been released on DVD by Milestone Films.
See also
List of rediscovered films
References
External links
Canadian silent feature films
Canadian black-and-white films
1919 films
1919 drama films
Canadian drama films
Films based on short fiction
Articles containing video clips
First National Pictures films
Northern (genre) films
1910s rediscovered films
Rediscovered Canadian films
Films based on works by James Oliver Curwood
1910s English-language films
1910s Canadian films
Silent drama films
On March 7, 1862, Confederate guerrillas under William C. Quantrill raided the small Kansas community of Aubry, southwest of Kansas City, Missouri, and just west of the Kansas-Missouri border. Three residents were killed in the raid and much property was carted away by the guerrillas.
Quantrill's raid resulted in Aubry being garrisoned by Company E of the 8th Regiment of Kansas Volunteers. Capt. John Greelish was the first garrison commander. Aubry was garrisoned by Union troops intermittently for the rest of the Civil War. Greelish's troops arrived about March 10 and two days later won a skirmish near Aubry with about thirty of Quantrill's men. After this an additional company of troops was sent to Aubry. Maj. E. F. Schneider then took command.
Later in 1862 Company D of the 11th Kansas Infantry, under command of Lt. Dick Rooks, manned the post at Aubry. Rooks was a Red leg and a Jayhawker. This company remained at Aubry through the winter of 1862–3.
Later in 1863 troops were again sent to Aubry. The post, under the command of Capt. Joshua A. Pike, had seventy-two men, composed of two companies of cavalry. Pike was very soon to discredit himself. On the evening of August 20 Quantrill passed within sight of the post with about 400 guerrillas and Confederate Army recruits. These men were on their way to raid Lawrence, Kansas.
Pike formed their men into a line of battle south of their post, but they took no action to determine the identity of Quantrill's men or to pursue them once they suspected they were guerrillas. They passed the information about the travelers to all the troops in the area, but they did not notify their superiors about them in a timely manner.
Capt. Charles F. Coleman, in command of the post at Little Santa Fe, Missouri, marched with eighty men to Aubry. About midnight Coleman and Pike took their forces in a very belated attempt to pursue Quantrill. By this time Quantrill was so far ahead of them that the pursuers could not possibly catch him.
Pike was not to remain at Aubry much longer, but from August 1863 to at least September 1864 a force of one company, and sometimes two companies, of the 11th Kansas Cavalry was on duty guarding Aubry. We do not know what buildings were erected at Aubry, other than a guardhouse.
Sometime after September 19, 1864, very possibly during the height of Price's Missouri Raid, the garrison at Aubry was removed. A result was a raid by about ten guerrillas under Dan Vaughn on January 31, 1865. Word of the impending raid reached authorities in Olathe and a squad of soldiers rushed into Aubry, arriving too late to prevent the killing of a traveler, the robbery of two residents and the burning of several houses.
Once again soldiers, around twenty, were stationed at Aubry. The post was active until at least May 1865.
References
Forts in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Johnson County, Kansas
1862 establishments in Kansas
In enzymology, a phosphoenolpyruvate mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
phosphoenolpyruvate 3-phosphonopyruvate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP), and one product, 3-phosphonopyruvate (PPR), which are structural isomers.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is phosphoenolpyruvate 2,3-phosphonomutase. Other names in common use include phosphoenolpyruvate-phosphonopyruvate phosphomutase, PEP phosphomutase, phosphoenolpyruvate phosphomutase, PEPPM, and PEP phosphomutase. This enzyme participates in aminophosphonate metabolism.
Phosphoenolpyruvate mutase was discovered in 1988.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 6 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, all by the Herzberg group at the University of Maryland using PEPPM from the blue mussel, Mytilus edulis. The first structure (PDB accession code ) was solved in 1999 and featured a magnesium oxalate inhibitor. This structure identified the enzyme as consisting of identical beta barrel subunits (exhibiting the TIM barrel fold, which consists of eight parallel beta strands). Dimerization was observed in which a helix from each subunit interacts with the other subunit's barrel; the authors called this feature "helix swapping." The dimers can dimerize as well to form a homotetrameric enzyme. A double phosphoryl transfer mechanism was proposed on the basis of this study: this would involve breakage of PEP's phosphorus-oxygen bond to form a phosphoenzyme intermediate, followed by transfer of the phosphoryl group from the enzyme to carbon-3, forming PPR.
However, more recently, a structure with a sulfopyruvate inhibitor, which is a closer substrate analogue, was solved (); this study supported instead a dissociative mechanism. A notable feature of these structures was the shielding of the active site from solvent; it was proposed that a significant conformational change takes place on binding to allow this, moving the protein from an "open" to a "closed" state, and this was supported by several crystal structures in the open state. Three of these were of the wild type: the apoenzyme in , the enzyme plus its magnesium ion cofactor in , and the enzyme at high ionic strength in . A mutant (D58A, in one of the active-site loops) was crystallized as an apoenzyme also (). From these structures, an active-site "gating" loop (residues 115-133) that shields the substrate from solvent in the closed conformation was identified.
The two conformations, taken from the crystal structures 1M1B (closed) and 1S2T (open), are docked into each other in the images below; they differ negligibly except in the gating loop, which is colored purple for the closed conformation and blue for the open conformation. In the active-site closeup (left), several sidechains (cyan) that have been identified as important in catalysis are included as well; the overview (right) illustrates the distinctive helix-swapping fold. The images are still shots from ribbon kinemages. Both of these structures were crystallized as dimers. In chain A (used for the active-site closeup), helices are red while loops (other than the gating loop) are white and beta strands are green; in chain B, helices are yellow, beta strands are olive, and loops are gray; these colors are the same for the closed and open structures. Magnesium ions are gray and the sulfopyruvate ligands are pink; both are from the closed structure (though the enzyme has also been crystallized with only magnesium bound, and it adopted an open conformation).
The structure of PEPPM is very similar to that of methylisocitrate lyase, an enzyme involved in propanoate metabolism whose substrate is also a low-molecular weight carboxylic acid—the beta-barrel structure as well as the active site layout and multimerization geometry are the same. Isocitrate lyase is also quite similar, though each subunit has a second, smaller beta domain in addition to the main beta barrel.
Mechanism
Phosphoenolpyruvate mutase is thought to exhibit a dissociative mechanism. A magnesium ion is involved as a cofactor. The phosphoryl/phosphate group also appears to interact ionically with Arg159 and His190, stabilizing the reactive intermediate. A phosphoenzyme intermediate is unlikely because the most feasible residues for the covalent adduct can be mutated with only partial loss of function. The reaction involves dissociation of phosphorus from oxygen 2 and then a nucleophilic attack by carbon 3 on phosphorus. Notably, the configuration is retained at phosphorus, i.e. carbon 3 of PPR adds to the same face of phosphorus from which oxygen 2 of PEP was removed; this would be unlikely for a non-enzyme-catalyzed dissociative mechanism, but since the reactive intermediate interacts strongly with the amino acids and magnesium ions of the active site, it is to be expected in the presence of enzyme catalysis.
Residues in the active-site gating loop, particularly Lys120, Asn122, and Leu124, also appear to interact with the substrate and reactive intermediate; these interactions explain why the loop moves into the closed conformation on substrate binding.
Biological function
Because phosphoenolpyruvate mutase has the unusual ability to form a new carbon-phosphorus bond, it is essential to the synthesis of phosphonates, such as phosphonolipids and the antibiotics fosfomycin and bialaphos. The formation of this bond is quite thermodynamically unfavorable; even though PEP is a very high-energy phosphate compound, the equilibrium in PEP-PPR interconversion still favors PEP. The enzyme phosphonopyruvate decarboxylase presents a solution to this problem: it catalyzes the very thermodynamically favorable decarboxylation of PPR, and the resulting 2-phosphonoacetaldehyde is then converted into biologically useful phosphonates. This allows phosphoneolpyruvate's reaction to proceed in the forward direction, due to Le Chatelier's principle. The decarboxylation removes product quickly, and thus the reaction moves forward even though there would be much more reactant than product if the system were allowed to reach equilibrium by itself.
The enzyme carboxyphosphoenolpyruvate phosphonomutase performs a similar reaction, converting P-carboxyphosphoenolpyruvate to phosphinopyruvate and carbon dioxide.
References
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of known structure
Sophie Kratzer (20 April 1989 – 13 January 2020) was a German ice hockey forward.
International career
Sophie Kratzer grew up in Velden (Vils) and started their hockey career in the youth teams of local clubs ESC Dorfen and ESV Gebensbach. From 2003 to 2017 they played in the Premier Division (1. Bundesliga) for the ESC Planegg, and won seven German icehockey championships with the team.
Kratzer was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They had two assists in five games.
Kratzer also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics.
As of 2014, Kratzer had also appeared for Germany at three IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2009.
Kratzer died of cancer aged 30 on 13 January 2020.
Career statistics
International career
References
External links
Sports-Reference Profile
1989 births
2020 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Sportspeople from Landshut
German women's ice hockey forwards
Deaths from cancer in Germany
, also known as D-Fragments, is a comedic manga series by Tomoya Haruno that began serialization in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive in July 2008. It has been collected in sixteen tankōbon volumes as of October 2021. A 12-episode anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired from January 6 to March 24, 2014.
Plot
The story focuses on a semi-connected series of sketches as delinquent student Kenji Kazama is forced into joining their school's struggling "Game Creation Club" (Game Development Club in the Seven Seas translation) by its members, a quartet of crazy women with their own eccentricities that drive them crazy. As they attempt to distance themselves from the club, the more they seem to run into not only their fellow club members, but others from their school who drive them insane to different degrees.
Characters
Most main characters' names are reference to railway stations in Tokyo, particularly Keiō Line. Some main character's first names, like Takao's and Funabori's, are not yet revealed.
Main characters
The leader of the "Kazama Party" and one of the head delinquents in school, they were forcibly recruited into the club after attempting to help them put out a fire.  They are actually quite capable of fighting, however because they can never hit a girl they "supposedly" is still no match for the other girls in the club. While not being able to hit a girl, they later starts using trickery and deception to outmatch them in competitions. Later, the club members refer them as "Wind" elemental, due to their name. At all times, they serve as the tsukkomi (comedic straight man) to the antics around him.
The President of the Game Creation Club (Provisional). They have blonde hair. Them element is "Fire", although they later states that their true element is actually "Darkness". Them main combat method is putting a bag over their opponents' head, rendering them blind, hence the darkness element. They carry a lot of spare bags so they can use them anytime. Despite having a small profile, they are referred as "Strongest Darkness" and is the strongest in school. They refer to Kenji as their "important person", and shows jealousy when other girls approach him.
A second-year and the President of the student council. Them authority is so great even the teachers fear them Them element is "Earth", and their main combat method includes punching their opponent, throwing dirt at them, or digging traps. They also have a habit of burying their victims up to the neck.
A first-year and a pink-haired tomboy. Them element is "Water", and is usually seen carrying a water bottle. Them combat method includes pouring water on their hands, or forcing water down an opponent's throat. They later starts referring to Kenji and Noe as their siblings, though both of them deny any relation.
The faculty advisor of the club. Them element is "Lightning" because they carry around a taser.  They are shown to be sleeping almost anytime, even in their own class. They also seem to have a fairly poor memory as shown when they cannot remember the name of a past student who lent them the tracksuit that they wear at all times.
President of the "real" Game Creation Club with no known first name. Friends with Roka, even though they left and started their own Game Creation Club on negative terms. They have a crush on Kazama. After losing a match with Game Creation Club (Provisional), they actually start to hang around with the club more often than their own club.
Secondary characters
Real Game Creation Club
A glasses-wearing girl with a perverted streak who often dresses up Oka in girly outfits. They act as Chitose's counterpart for the "real" Game Creation Club.
A boy with a very feminine appearance. Due to a misunderstanding during their first met, Kenji refers to them as a girl, which they never had a chance to correct.
A big, muscular club member.  They are described as looking as a brutish giant on the outside, but in reality they are a timid pacifist.
Kazama Gang
Student council Vice-President with a masochistic streak who both admires and fears Chitose.
A short but fat student who is a member of Kazama Gang. Despite their delinquent status, they are very intelligent, scoring second in the school placement test.
Tall member of the Kazama Gang.
Former student council
A junior student, Tama is the ex-Student Council President before Chitose. They have a grudge with Chitose since their childhood and secretly plots to have Game Creation Club (Provisional) disbanded. They specialize in using their twin-tails hairstyle in combat, in which they are renowned as the strongest in Fujou High, capable of fending off Roka, and known as "The Legendary" in other schools. They seem to have an interest in Kenji after losing to them during the competition between ex-student council members and Game Creation Club (Provisional), and starts to participate in the club activities despite not being a club member.
Ex-student council Vice President. Otaku.
Ex-student council treasurer, courteous but also quite capable of fighting.
Ex-student council secretary. They have an unstable stomach and often vomits to the point that friends and enemies alike call them "Barfie".  They are often shown working many different types of part-time jobs and often runs into the club activities.
Others
The club's other male member, they have an unrequited crush on Roka. They often use the gap between a bookshelf and the wall as theirs "seat". Other club members refer to them as a "Light" elemental due to the sparkles that seem to surround their appearance. Roka is quite harsh toward him, while most other club members simply ignore him. They later joined the Kazama Gang.
Kenji's classmate, they are good at housework and often shown doing various chores for the class. Has trouble being the center of attention, and is often blushing when they receive praise from anyone. They have a crush on Kenji.
Kenji's little sister who shares their brother's spiky hair and a penchant for being the comedic "straight man" in a world full of crazy punchlines.  They are often comforted by Kenji when they can't take the insanity of their daily life. Called an "ice" elemental by members of the Game Creation Club due to their love of ice cream, and has also been referred to as the "little sister" element.
A man who dresses in a tokusatsu outfit and plays a superhero.
Kenji's English Literature teacher. They saved the Kazama Gang (and RaGaiGar) from a flaming building when they were kids. They inspired Kenji to help those who are in need. A parody of real-life actor Sean Connery with elements of Indiana Jones, and supposedly wields the "Dandy" element.
Roka's sister who attends another high school, having worse grades. Has made elaborate lunchboxes for Roka and seeks to "protect" them from Kenji.
A third-year student at Fujou High who has a scary, smiling expression on their face all the time. Despite this, they are actually known throughout the school as a dependable person, and even offers their guidance to Kenji on occasion.  They are nicknamed .
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Tomoya Haruno, the manga began serialization in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive in July 2008. The chapters are being collected and released in the tankōbon format by Media Factory. As of October 21, 2021, sixteen volumes were released. Seven Seas Entertainment has licensed the manga.
Anime
An anime television series adaptation by Brain's Base aired from January 6 to March 24, 2014 on TV Tokyo. The series is directed by Seiki Sugawara, Makoto Uezu is in charge of series composition, while Nijine composed the music. Funimation has licensed the series.
References
External links
at Media Factory
Anime series based on manga
Brain's Base
Funimation
Harem anime and manga
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Media Factory manga
Romantic comedy anime and manga
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Television shows written by Makoto Uezu
TV Tokyo original programming
John Duff (1895–1958) was a Canadian race car driver.
John Duff may also refer to:
John Duff (counterfeiter) (1759–1799), American counterfeiter, hunter, and scout
John Duff (UP), president of Union Pacific Railroad (1873–1874)
John B. Duff (born 1931), former commissioner of The Chicago Public Library
John Finlay Duff (1799–1868), captain of ship Africaine and business person in South Australia
John Wight Duff (1866–1944), Scottish classicist and academic
Gulliver's Travels is a 1977 British-Belgian film based on the 1726 novel of the same name by Jonathan Swift. It mixed live action and animation, and starred Richard Harris in the title role.
Plot
The opening sequence in live action shows Gulliver announcing their intention to go to sea as a ship's surgeon, followed by scenes of a shipwreck. The remainder of the film has Harris on Lilliput and Blefuscu, with the tiny inhabitants created by animation.
The film ends with a cliffhanger: Having escaped by boat from Lilliput, Gulliver encounters one of the giant inhabitants of Brobdingnag, but there is nothing more about their adventures there or in the other lands mentioned in the novel.
Cast
Richard Harris as Gulliver
Catherine Schell as Mary
Norman Shelley as Father
Meredith Edwards as Uncle
Voice cast
Michael Bates
Denise Bryer
Julian Glover
Stephen Jack
Bessie Love
Murray Melvin
Nancy Nevinson
David Prowse (uncredited)
Robert Rietti
Norman Shelley
Vladek Sheybal
Roger Snowden
Bernard Spear
Graham Stark
Production
The film was not consistently funded during its production, which was noted by some reviewers who consider this production to be "low-budget".
Reception
In comparison to other adaptations of the source material, this film is not well-received. In the words of one reviewer, "the film falls flat."
References
External links
1977 films
1970s fantasy adventure films
1970s musical fantasy films
1970s science fiction films
Belgian animated films
British animated films
English-language Belgian films
Films based on Gulliver's Travels
Films directed by Peter R. Hunt
Films scored by Michel Legrand
Films with live action and animation
Films set in the 1690s
1970s English-language films
1970s British films
The 2019 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship Division III consisted of eight teams split into two groups of four. The team that won the Division was promoted to Division II B for 2020. It was held from 14 to 20 January 2019.
To be eligible as a junior, a player cannot be born earlier than 1999.
Bulgarian forward Miroslav Vasilev became the all-time leading scorer in Division III play with 42 points.
Participants
Preliminary round
All times are local (UTC±0).
Group A
Group B
Placement round
Bracket
5–8th place semifinals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Playoff round
Bracket
Semifinals
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Final ranking
Statistics
Top 10 scorers
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus-minus; PIM = Penalties In Minutes
Source: IIHF
Goaltending leaders
(minimum 40% team's total ice time)
TOI = Time on ice (minutes:seconds); GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; Sv% = Save percentage; SO = Shutouts
Source: IIHF
Awards
Best Players Selected by the Directorate
Goaltender: Hung Sheng-Chun
Defenceman: Zhang Dehan
Forward: Heidar Kristveigarson
External links
IIHF.com
III
World Junior Ice Hockey Championships – Division III
International ice hockey competitions hosted by Iceland
2019 in Icelandic sport
Sports competitions in Reykjavík
IIHF
"West of the Wall" is a 1962 song written by Wayne Shanklin, and was recorded as a single by Toni Fisher. It was recorded at Gold Star Recording Studio, Hollywood.
Background
The song tells of the sadness of lovers separated by the Berlin Wall which divided West Berlin from surrounding East Germany, including East Berlin at the time, and expresses the hope that the wall will soon fall. The Berlin Wall had been constructed in 1961, and in fact did not fall until 1989. Fisher's earlier 1961 single for the Signet record label, "You Never Told Me", had "Toot Toot Amore" on the B side, which was the same melody and arrangement as "West of the Wall" with different lyrics.
Chart performance
The song was a Top 40 hit for Toni Fisher in the United States, where it reached #37 on the Billboard Hot 100 in July 1962. It was issued on the Bigtop label. It enjoyed greater success in Australia, where it reached #1 on the Australian chart for two weeks beginning 21 July.
References
1962 singles
Number-one singles in Australia
Songs written by Wayne Shanklin
Berlin Wall in popular culture
1962 songs
Gonerilia seraphim is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Subspecies
G. s. seraphim
G. s. kimurai Koiwaya, 1996
G. s. mekong Yoshino, 1999
References
Butterflies described in 1886
Theclini
Taxa named by Charles Oberthür
Delfín Quishpe Apugllón (born December 4, 1977), artistically known as Delfin Hasta el Fin (lit: Dolphin until the end) is an Indigenous Quechua Ecuadorian singer-songwriter, celebrity, and politician, who gained famed performing a style they call "Andean techno-folklore". Their popularity largely comes from the comical nature of their music. Quishpe's song "Torres Gemelas" (Twin Towers) remains the song that has received most attention. They were the mayor of their hometown, Guamote, from May 2019 to December 2021, at which point they were sentenced by the Ecuadorian Attorney General's Office, to 5 years in prison for influence peddling and corruption.
Biography
Delfín Quishpe was born in a small town named San Antonio in Guamote, Ecuador.  They are son of the merchant Anselmo Quishpe and Mercedes Apugllón.
Career
In 2003, they recorded their second album, "El Gallito". It contained songs such as: "El Gallito Bandido", "El Delfincito", "Cuando Me Vaya", and "Cuaya Huay". A year later they created their first video, the asupervisorstioned that was posted on Internet.
In 2006, "Torres Gemelas" (Twin Towers) was released. While the song is tragic in nature, the subject matter being Delfin losing a loved one in the terrorist attack of 9/11, the whimsical and kitschy nature of the song as well as the poor acting in the music video has made this song an internet meme.
In April 2010 Defín Quishpe released the song "En tus Tierras Bailaré", featuring the two Peruvian "YouTube stars" Wendy Sulca and Tigresa del Oriente. The song received attention in Latin American media and rapidly got more than one million hits in a few weeks. The song was later called a "Youtube We are the World" by Calle 13 singer Residente.
Personal life
They have a wife, Rosario Urquiza Coro, and two children: Luis Rolando (2002–2018) and Alex Delfín (born 2004).
References
External links
Official Website (Spanish)
1977 births
Living people
People from Guamote Canton
Ecuadorian people of Quechua descent
21st-century Ecuadorian male singers
Andean music
Internet memes
Point Thomas () is a point marking the south side of the entrance to Ezcurra Inlet in Admiralty Bay, on King George Island in the South Shetland Islands. It lies less than 1 km northwest of Rakusa Point. Charted by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1908–10, under Charcot, and named by them for a member of the expedition.
Headlands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Total Drama Island (sometimes shortened to TDI) is the first season of Total Drama, a Canadian animated comedy television series created by Tom McGillis and Jennifer Pertsch. The series premiered in Canada on Teletoon on July 8, 2007, and ran for 26 episodes, each 22 minutes in duration with a special 44-minute season finale.
Plot
Total Drama Island is set in the fictional titular reality show, which follows the competition of 22 unsuspecting and unwitting teenagers at Camp Wawanakwa, the most rundown, insect-infested, disgusting island in an unspecified area in Muskoka, Ontario. The campers participate in competitions and challenges that get more insane and dangerous each week to avoid being voted off the island by their fellow campers and teammates. At the end of the series, the winning contestant will receive (US$80,119). The competition is hosted by Chris McLean, assisted by the camp's chef, Chef Hatchet, who is also Chris's best friend despite being mistreated at times. Egotistical and immoral, unless something affects them legally, Chris places the show's contestants in various life-threatening challenges.
At the beginning of the season, the campers are placed into two groups of eleven, the "Screaming Gophers" and the "Killer Bass". In each episode, the teams participate in a challenge, in which one or more campers can win invincibility for their team. The losing team is called to the campfire that night, where they vote one of their members off the island. The camper with the most votes is eliminated from the competition. At this campfire, McLean passes out marshmallows to the campers who have not been voted off, while the one who does not get a marshmallow must walk down the Dock of Shame to the Boat of Losers, which will take them away from the island and they will "never, never, never, ever, ever, ever, come back, ever" according to Chris (this was proved a lie in Episode 15, "No Pain, No Game", when they brought Eva and Izzy back into the game).
In Episode 14, the teams are disbanded, so it is every camper for themselves, after which the challenges continue; the winner of each challenge then only receives invincibility for them or herself, whereupon the rest of the campers vote one camper without invincibility off the island. This process of elimination continues until two players remain. They are then subject to a final contest. Total Drama Island is a parody of the reality show Survivor. McLean is very similar to Survivor host Jeff Probst. This is the first season in which the winner does not get to keep the money, due to it being eaten by a shark in the episode "Total Drama Drama Island".
Episodes
Total Drama Island premiered on July 8, 2007, on the Teletoon channel. This season has 26 episodes, each 22 minutes long, and two special episodes. It was the third Cartoon Network show outside of Adult Swim and Toonami to have the U.S. rating of either "TV-PG" or "TV-PG-D", and a parental-guidance warning after every commercial break and at the beginning of the show (the first two being Sunday Pants and IGPX). Its rating in Canada was initially "G"; current broadcasts are rated "PG".
Source for list:
Characters
Staff
Contestants
There are 22 original contestants who competed in Total Drama Island. They are Beth, Bridgette, Cody, Courtney, DJ, Duncan, Eva, Ezekiel, Geoff, Gwen, Harold, Heather, Izzy, Justin, Katie, Leshawna, Lindsay, Noah, Owen, Sadie, Trent, and Tyler. Many of the characters return in later seasons either as contestants or as guests.
Episode finale variations
For every season, the show's producers create two alternate endings for the final episode, such that the winner seen in one country's broadcasts is the runner-up in other countries (and vice versa) where the show airs. Owen is the original winner in Canada, but they are also shown as the winner in Australia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Denmark, France, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Latin America and Brazil (Cartoon Network), the Middle East, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the Philippines, Portugal, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, Spain, South Africa, Turkey, United Kingdom, and the United States. Gwen is the original runner-up in Canada, but they are also the winner in Finland, Japan, Latin America and Brazil (Boomerang and TBS) Norway, Poland, Romania and Sweden.
Elimination table
Color key
Final: This contestant competed in the finale.
Immune: This contestant was immune from elimination.
Reward: This contestant won reward.
Safe: This contestant received a marshmallow and, by result, was safe from elimination.
Low: This contestant was at risk of being eliminated but received the last marshmallow.
Eliminated: This contestant was eliminated.
Eliminated: This contestant was eliminated irregularly or quit.
Production
Total Drama Island was developed and produced by Fresh TV, starting in 2006, with an early name for the series being Camp TV. The season was animated at Elliott Animation and was directed by Todd Kauffman and Mark Thornton. It was primarily targeted at twelve-to-eighteen-year-olds, and the creators, Tom McGillis and Jennifer Pertsch, studied what tweens liked and disliked about reality television shows in the writing process. McGillis said that they used a "countrywide online research project" to determine this demographic's likes. Fresh TV Inc. partners McGillis, Pertsch, Elliott and Irving produced the series. The budget for the series was $8 million. It was animated in Flash, at Elliott Animation's studio in Toronto. Every cast and crew member on Total Drama Island had to sign a confidentiality agreement not to disclose who the winner was. All the characters were designed by Kauffman. Voice actors from the FreshTV series 6teen have lent their voices for Total Drama Island: Christian Potenza, who played the character Jude on 6teen, played the role of host Chris McLean. Potenza said that the best part of the job was that their character could not be voted off the show. Emilie-Claire Barlow plays a recurring role as Chrissy on 6teen and plays Courtney on Total Drama Island. Barlow stated that Courtney was their favorite character that they had ever played. Other voice actors from 6teen include Julia Chantrey as Eva; Drew Nelson (Kai) as Duncan; Megan Fahlenbock (Jen) as Gwen; Adam Reid (Wayne) as Justin; Stephanie Anne Mills (Kirsten) as Lindsay and Katie; Rachel Wilson (Melinda Wilson) as Heather; and Scott McCord (Stone) as Owen and Trent.
Reception
Ratings
Carole Bonneau, the Vice President of programming of Teletoon Canada stated that Total Drama Island, along with Fresh TV's 6teen were "consistently top performers" for audiences of ages 6–11, and also helped to bring in older viewers as well. When Total Drama Island aired on the American Cartoon Network, it performed very well; The Toronto Star reported that, "in some ages groups [Total Drama Island showed] a 500 per cent ratings increase in [its] time slot." On December 11, 2008, Total Drama Island garnered 3.5 million viewers. That year, the series was the top "regularly scheduled Thursday night program at 9 p.m. on all television throughout third quarter among boys 2-11, 6-11 and 9-14," according to the Animation World Network. On Memorial Day weekend of 2009, a marathon of Total Drama Island increased viewership in age groups 2–11, 6–11, and 9–14, each by 20% or more compared to the same week in 2008. As of 2011, Total Drama Island has aired in over 188 countries.
Critical reception
Total Drama Island has received generally positive reviews. The series was nominated for a Gemini Award for "Best Animated Program or Series", shared by Tom McGillis, Jennifer Pertsch, George Elliott and Brian Irving. Common Sense Media gave the show 4 out of 5 stars, deeming it an "enjoyable, smart show" and finding that it appealed to all demographics. Matthew Price of The Oklahoman gave a mixed review of the series, stating that it "starts unbelievably slowly", but deeming that the later episodes effectively spoofed reality shows. Debi Enker of The Age gave a negative review of the season's last episode, calling the art, design and writing "lamentable."
Public reaction
Total Drama Island received a score of 8.2 on Metacritic from users.
Media
DVD releases
A DVD was released by Warner Home Video on August 18, 2009, in the United States. It contains all of the 27 episodes (including TDI Rundown) of season one of this series in a 4 disc set, for a total of 594 minutes long. In addition, its bonus features (entitled as X-tras) are the audition tapes of twenty two campers, played after each of their respective eliminations, as well as Izzy's second audition tape and their exclusive interview with Chris (the latter of which is shown after Eva's second elimination). In Australia, Total Drama Island is on Region 4 DVD as separate volumes. This series of discs contains the widescreen version with uncut scenes and original dialogue, as seen on Teletoon and ABC3. In reviewing the DVD for season, Matthew Price of The Oklahoman wrote that while the show started out "unbelievably slowly," the series became more interesting as campers began getting voted off. Price also praised the parody of reality shows. In another review of the DVD, Jeffrey Kauffman of DVD Talk wrote that the character development was compelling and that the parody of reality shows were very funny. Mac McEntire of DVD Verdict praised the character development as well, but noted that the show sometimes sinks to "lowbrow gross-outs". Both Kauffman and McEntire recommended the series DVD.
Total Drama Island: Totally Interactive!
Total Drama Island: Totally Interactive! was an online game in Canada and the US marketed in conjunction with the television series. It was produced by Xenophile Media. By registering a free account, the player could play games using a customizable avatar to earn points for marshmallows. Marshmallows are used as money in the game so the player can buy in-game items. The player who earned the most points had their avatar make a cameo appearance in the season finale. The games were based on the challenges in the show. Total Drama Island: Totally Interactive! was nominated for an Interactive Emmy Award in 2007. However, the website is currently no longer available, as it has been replaced by Total Drama Online and by the Teletoon and Cartoon Network official sites.
See also
Mockumentary
Notes
References
External links
Official Total Drama Island blog
Total Drama Island Interactive
totaldramaisland.com
Fresh TV announces Total Drama: The Musical
Island
2007 Canadian television seasons
2008 Canadian television seasons
2000s Canadian animated television series
2000s Canadian satirical television series
Canadian adult animated comedy television series
Canadian children's animated comedy television series
Television shows set in Ontario
Television shows filmed in Toronto
Canadian flash animated television series
Canadian mockumentary television series
Riga Shipyard () is a Latvian shipyard as well as one of the largest shipyards in the Baltic region. The shipyard has 9 berths, 3 docks and 2 slipways on the banks of Daugava river channels. The yard is capable to accommodate Panamax size vessels for dry-docking and Aframax size vessels for afloat repairs. Riga Shipyard has repaired more than 100 seagoing vessels per year and has built more than 150 hulls, some partially outfitted, since 1997. Established in 1913, the enterprise was torn by both world wars, which was revived both times. Riga shipyard was privatized in 1995.
According to press, in 2013 suffered €1.6 mln losses in 2013 and €1.5 mln in 2014, almost going bankrupt in 2014. In 2020 Latvia's Financial and Capital Markets Commission (FKTK) fined the shipyard for violation of the Financial Instruments Market Law. According to the FKTK, the shipyard didn't provide audited financial statements for 2018 and interim financial statements for the first nine months of 2019. The shipyard was ordered to immediately provide all the necessary documents.
See also
Baltic Workboats
References
External links
Shipbuilding companies of Latvia
Manufacturing companies based in Riga
Military vehicle manufacturers
Defence companies of Latvia
Shipbuilding companies of the Soviet Union
Companies nationalised by the Soviet Union
Manufacturing companies established in 1913
1913 establishments in the Russian Empire
Companies listed on Nasdaq Riga
"Tell Your Heart to Beat Again" is a song written by Bernie Herms, Randy Phillips, and Matthew West and originally recorded by Contemporary Christian-Worship trio, Phillips, Craig and Dean for their twelfth studio album, Breathe In (2012). It was later recorded by American singer Danny Gokey for their second studio album, Hope in Front of Me (2014), with production by Herms. Gokey's rendition was released to Christian radio January 8, 2016 through BMG-Chrysalis as the album's third single. The song reached number two on the Billboard Christian Songs chart, earning Gokey their highest-charting single to date.
In May 2016, an extended play featuring a Spanish version of the song, titled "Que Tu Corazón Vuelva a Latir", was released in promotion of Gokey's fourth studio album, La Esperanza Frente a Mi (2016), a Spanish re-recording of Hope in Front of Me.
Composition
"Tell Your Heart to Beat Again" is a midtempo, piano-driven ballad written by Bernie Herms, Randy Phillips, and Matthew West. Initially composed in the style of Contemporary Christian music, Gokey's recording also includes influences of blue-eyed soul and country pop. According to the sheet music published by BMG Rights Management, "Tell Your Heart to Beat Again" is composed in the key of D Minor and set in common time () to a "flowing" tempo of approximately 67 BPM. The song follows a chord progression of E – Dm7 – B – F5 – C and includes a two octave vocal range spanning from C through C. Lyrically, the song tells a story of starting over and moving on after a tragedy, with the narrator's faith in God bolstering their resilience.
Music video
An accompanying video was directed by Kristin Barlowe and premiered June 1, 2016. It focuses on a woman who releases their sadness through dance and a man who takes up boxing to defend themselves after a mugging incident, both shown to have grown stronger through their struggles.
Response
The video received a nomination for Short Form Video of the Year at the 2016 GMA Dove Awards.
Reception
Accolades
The song was nominated for Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 2016 GMA Dove Awards.
Commercial
"Tell Your Heart to Beat Again" entered the Christian Songs chart dated August 8, 2015 as an album track. It re-entered at 32 on the chart dated January 2, 2016 following the announcement of its release as a single. The song reached its peak position of two on the chart dated April 16, 2016 and was the week's greatest gainer in digital sales. In reaching this position, the song surpassed 2014's "Hope in Front of Me" as Gokey's highest-charting entry. It peaked at number two on the Christian Digital Songs sales chart the same week.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 songs
2016 singles
Danny Gokey songs
Songs written by Bernie Herms
Songs written by Matthew West
BMG Rights Management singles
Herbert Hunt "Flash" Covington (October 16, 1902 – January 1, 1990), also called "The Mayfield Flash", was an American football, basketball, and baseball player for the Centre Praying Colonels of Centre College in Danville, Kentucky.
Early years
Covington spent a year at Mayfield High and two at Castle Heights Military Academy.
Centre College
Football
Covington was a prominent running back for coaches Charley Moran and Robert L. Myers's Centre Colonels from 1921 to 1924, chosen as a running back on Centre's all-time football team in 1935.
1921
Covington played at halfback during the 6–0 victory over Harvard. Bo McMillin threw a touchdown to Covington in the 1922 Dixie Classic which Centre lost to Texas A&M.
1922
Taking over for McMillin at quarterback the following season, Covington did not miss a minute of play over the next three years. They were selected All-Southern in 1922. That year Covington kicked a then record six straight drop-kicked field goals in the victory over Louisville. In a rematch with Harvard, a 24 to 10 loss, "Covington, the Centre quarterback, was responsible for most of the scoring in the game; they kicked Centre's goal from the field, and through Roberts's assistance, made Centre's touchdown; their errors led to the Harvard scores also." They were selected All-American in 1922 by Billy Evans and was on Norman E. Brown's second team. In 1924 they were selected as a third-team All-American by Davis J. Walsh of the International News Service. Athletic trainer Alfred Doneghy said Covington was the best runner Centre ever had.
An account of their six field goal record follows:
"Herb Covington, who has shattered records galore this season through their ground gaining ability, established a world record today for field goals by drop kicks in a single game. Six times they booted the oval over the crossbar, three of them from the 30 yard mark and one from the 41-yard line. The others were from between the 30 and 40 yard marks. The record previously was held by B. W. Tafford, Harvard, and W. H. Eckersall, University of Chicago, jointly with five in a single game. Robertson of Purdue made seven goals in a game with Rose Poly in 1900, but they were all from placement."
1924
Centre defeated Georgia 14 to 7 and Wallace Wade's Alabama and claims a Southern championship.
Marriage
They married Eleanor Blanche McCormick of Senatobia, Mississippi, and was a realtor in Florida.
Coaching career
Covington was coach of the Hillsborough High School Terriers in Tampa in 1925. Jimmy Steele was on the team.
References
American football quarterbacks
Centre College people
Centre Colonels baseball players
Centre Colonels football players
Sportspeople from Kentucky
Players of American football from Kentucky
People from Mayfield, Kentucky
1902 births
All-Southern college football players
American football halfbacks
American football drop kickers
1990 deaths
High school football coaches in Florida
20th-century American people
Baykal class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after Baikal.
Two-deck cargo-passenger ships were built by VEB Warnowwerft Warnemünde, at their shipyard in Warnemünde, in East Germany in 1953–1956.
River cruise ships of the project 646
See also
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Maksim Gorkiy-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Germany–Soviet Union relations
Pseudocapillaria is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Capillariidae.
The genus has almost cosmopolitan distribution.
Species:
Pseudocapillaria adriatica
Pseudocapillaria bainae
Pseudocapillaria bumpi
Pseudocapillaria carangi
Pseudocapillaria corvorum
Pseudocapillaria decapteri
Pseudocapillaria echenei
Pseudocapillaria gibsoni
Pseudocapillaria indica
Pseudocapillaria lepidocephali
Pseudocapillaria magalhaesi
Pseudocapillaria margolisi
Pseudocapillaria maricaensis
Pseudocapillaria mergi
Pseudocapillaria microspicula
Pseudocapillaria novaecaledoniensis
Pseudocapillaria ophisterni
Pseudocapillaria petit
Pseudocapillaria salvelini
Pseudocapillaria tomentosa
Pseudocapillaria tomentosa
Pseudocapillaria yucatanensis
References
Nematodes
Luxembourg Air Rescue (LAR) is a private, humanitarian air rescue organisation in Luxembourg, the Greater Region surrounding Luxembourg or worldwide through the operation of its helicopters and air ambulances.
Activities
Luxembourg and Greater Region
LAR operates a total of six MD Helicopters MD Explorer 902 rescue helicopters.
Worldwide
Findel airport is the base station for the ambulance aircraft of the Luxembourg Air Rescue. The aircraft are suitable for day and night operations for medium and long haul routes and are equipped for the transportation of intensive care patients between clinics as well as for the repatriation of ill and injured patients from abroad.
Currently the fleet consists of 6 ambulance aircraft of the type LearJet 45XR. The international branch for the commercialisation of these worldwide medical repatriations is “European Air Ambulance”.
Organ transports
In 2007 LAR won a European tender for the exclusive transport of organs in France. Since then, LAR transports organs with its fixed wing fleet. These missions are mainly performed during the night.
Humanitarian missions
Help in disaster relief operations in conjunction with the Luxembourg government, NATO and the United Nations.
Partner of Emergency.lu:
Emergency.lu is an agreement of the Luxembourg Government with a Joint Undertaking (JU) between HITEC Luxembourg S.A. and SES Techcom Services (formally SES Astra TechCom S.A.) - in partnership with Luxembourg Air Ambulance S.A. It supplies rapid response for disaster relief and humanitarian missions. The agreement includes the installation and operation of a global satellite based communications system. Luxembourg Air Ambulance will, in case of activation, ensure a smooth processing at the Findel Airport in Luxembourg along with the provision of the necessary air transportation.
Milestones of Luxembourg Air Rescue
18 April 1988
The official foundation of Luxembourg Air Rescue (LAR A.s.b.l.).
1 March 1989
LAR presents its first helicopter. On the same day, the Bell B 206 Long Ranger flies its first mission. Initially, LAR was only allowed to transport patients from hospital to hospital.
15 June 1989
Acknowledgment of the “Fondation Luxembourg Air Rescue” as a non-profit institution by Grand-Ducal decree.
9 July 1990
General vicar Mathias Schiltz is nominated President of the Fondation Luxembourg Air Rescue.
15 May 1991
Fleet change: The new two turbine BO 105 CBS replaces the one turbine Bell Long Ranger.
1 November 1991
Thanks to a convention with the Minister of Internal Affairs, LAR becomes a part of the Luxembourgish rescue service SAMU
April 1995
Hereditary Grand Duke Henri takes over the patronage of LAR.
April 1995
An additional helicopter of the type Ecureuil is added to the fleet. The Ecureuil is exclusively used for secondary transports (from hospital to hospital) and based at the Findel Airport.
May 1995
The LAR operations have successfully implemented the standards of the international flight regulations JAR OPS 3.
19 July 1996
An MD 900 Explorer helicopter replaces the Ecureuil. Thanks to its size, its inferior noise levels, and its NOTAR-System (the MD 900 Explorer has no rear rotor thus reducing the danger of accidents), this helicopter type is particularly suitable for rescue missions.
19 July 1996
Opening of a second air base in Ettelbrück, enabling the SAMU to reach every point in Luxembourg within 10 minutes.
September 1998
The first LAR-owned air ambulance, a Mitsubishi MU 2, is put into operation. From now on, member repatriation flights can be performed within Europe and North Africa.
March 1999
Fleet change: After 8 years of faithful services to LAR, the BO 105 is replaced by a second MD Explorer helicopter.
April 1999
In cooperation with Caritas International, LAR brings roughly a ton of urgently needed emergency medication to a refugee camp in Kosovo.
November 1999
Due to the numerous repatriations from far away countries, LAR puts the second air ambulance, type LearJet 35A (LX-ONE), into service.
March 2000
The LAR air ambulance fleet is modernised: The Mitsubishi MU 2 is replaced by a King Air B200 (LX-DUC).
1 January 2001
On behalf of the Luxembourgish Police, LAR puts an additional MD Explorer helicopter into operations. The expenses resulting from these missions are covered by the Police.
9 July 2002
As first air rescue organisation worldwide, LAR receives the ISO 9001:2000-Certification in all domains.
October 2002
Fleet extension: In order to guarantee continuous air operations during maintenance intervals, a third MD Explorer helicopter is purchased as spare helicopter.
July 2003
The second air ambulance, type LearJet 35A (LX-LAR), is put into operation for worldwide repatriation flights. The LX-LAR replaces the King Air B200 (LX-DUC).
26 December 2003
Following an earthquake killing more than 80.000 people and by request of the Luxembourgish Foreign Ministry / "Direction de la Coopération au Développement", LAR transfers both of its air ambulance jets to Bam, Iran. In collaboration with the canine rescue unit of the Luxembourgish Red Cross, LAR provides instantaneous disaster relief. From now on, humanitarian commitments are part of the mission spectrum of LAR. Two further humanitarian missions followed within one year.
An LAR air ambulance provides humanitarian relief efforts following an earthquake in Morocco.
27 May 2004
The ground-breaking ceremony for the construction of the LAR hangar in Ettelbrück is held.
January 2005
An LAR medical team provides help by means of the LearJet into the tsunami affected areas.
March 2005
The helicopter hangar of LAR in Ettelbrück is inaugurated. From now on, the helicopter „Air Rescue 2“ is stationed there, thus increasing the operational readiness in the Oesling, while saving expenses for the daily flights from and to the LAR basis at Findel as well as reducing the noise levels for local residents by approximately 40%.
March 2005
Cross border help - extension of the fleet by a fourth helicopter: An emergency knows no borders: By contract with the Ministers of Internal Affairs of Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland, LAR is integrated into the rescue system of both German Federal States. From now on, an additional LAR helicopter positioned at the Findel Airport and operates daily rescue missions in the nearby German border area. The costs of these interventions are covered by the German health insurance schemes.
October 2005
During a three months long commitment following an earthquake in the Pakistani Kashmir area, LAR executes 925 helicopter missions transporting 2.112 patients and 20 tons of aid supplies. This mission is the longest humanitarian disaster relief mission in the history of LAR.
July 2006
Extension of the LAR fleet with a Double-Stretcher LearJet 35A (LX-TWO), enabling the simultaneous transportation of two intensive care patients.
November 2006
LAR provides a rescue helicopter for the NATO summit in Riga. The expenses of this mission are covered by the Luxembourgish Government.
October 2007
Following a successful bid on a European tender, the Hôpitaux Universitaires de Strasbourg (HUS) appoint LAR as their exclusive organ transportation provider for the whole of France.
July 2008
In cooperation with France Transplant, LAR expands its organ transportation activities throughout the north-eastern region of France.
April 2009
An additional hangar on P5 at the Findel airport has been remitted by the Ministry of Transportation. This interim solution enables LAR to shelter its aircraft and technical equipment.
29 April 2009
The LAR fleet is expanded to include a Cessna Citation Mustang, an aircraft to be primarily used for the organ team transportation activities. The Mustang Citation has the advantage of only needing a very short landing runway, thus allowing it to fly into regional airports as well as smaller airfields.
December 2009
A European regulation elaborated by EASA has stipulated that all helicopters in service for air rescue purposes need to be upgraded by the end of 2009 to fulfil the highest performance class possible in aviation. After two years of considerable financial investments, all five LAR rescue helicopters are equipped with the needed performance driven engines as well as separated tanks as required by these European directives.
5 March 2010
The first mission of LAR's fifth helicopter. The MD902 helicopter with the registration number LX-HAR is the newest addition to the LAR fleet.
March/April 2010
LAR sends an MD902 helicopter to Austria as part of a 6-week training program. The LAR pilots will provide on-site training on the MD 902 helicopter for the helicopter pilots from the air rescue organisation Heli Austria.
18 July 2010
LAR, in cooperation with the Luxembourg Ministry of Home Affairs, is expanding its application area by including the Bambi Bucket®, an external water container used in fire-fighting.
February 2011
After a long preparation phase, Skyservice Air Ambulance and European Air Ambulance EAA (a GEIE between LAR and DRF Luftrettung) organizes a special reception to officially announce their collaboration. The new service accelerates the repatriation of patients from both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. No time will be lost on compulsory crew rest times since the wing-to-wing transfer will take place at the end of the duty time of one crew and include the handover of the patient to a fresh crew from the partner organization.
Critical patient transfers will take place in secure environments at the relevant service's home airfield - in Canada at the Skyservice Air Ambulance bases in Montreal or Goose Bay and in Europe at the EAA bases in Luxembourg or Baden/Karlsruhe. Such cooperation also exists with RMSI, who specializes in the patient evacuation in crisis regions. RMSI stabilizes the patient in that region and then flies them out to the next international and safe airport, where EAA takes over and continues the repatriation under optimal medical conditions.
1 May 2011
On May 1st, 2011, the first of two new aircraft lands at Findel airport. The LearJet 45XR is one of the most up-to-date jets of its category in terms of technology and can cover great distances while consuming only a minimum quantity of fuel. The LearJet 45XR also benefits from its short-landing capabilities as well as its speed.
17 November 2011
The two new ambulance aircraft are presented to the Luxembourgish public. The technical developments of the past 20 years made a restructuring of the fleet necessary in order to stay abreast of the changes in aviation and medical technology. With the new fleet, LAR journeys into a new era of air ambulance services.
5 June 2012
Due to the change and homogenisation of the LAR fleet, the Cessna Citation Mustang leaves the fleet.
1 January 2013
Luxembourg Air Ambulance, a 100% subsidiary of the Luxembourg Air Rescue, becomes, together with a French partner, the exclusive organ team transporter for France Transplant in entire France except Paris. In line with the centralisation of the organ team transport, the Luxembourg Air Ambulance has jointly with its French partner won the public tender for the provision of a central operations centre as well as the operating of the organ team transports.
Since the 1st of January 2013, all organ team transports for all French transplantation centres (except those in Paris) are coordinated and executed via the LAR Luxembourg Control Center. Approximately 1.300 missions are operated jointly over the year.
12 June 2014
In the presence of Minister Bausch, René Closter, CEO and President of Luxembourg Air Rescue, lays the symbolic foundation stone of the new LAR operational building at the Luxembourg Airport. Ending the temporary housing in containers and tents, the new functional LAR building will contain 2 hangars. Following a 15 month long construction period, the building will house the state of the art control center, as well as a new maintenance hangar, thus creating an ideal work environment for LAR internal maintenance operations. As MDHI Service Center, LAR will subsequently be able to perform the entire maintenance of its rescue helicopter fleet in-house, thus eliminating the costly transfer to England for major maintenance works.
8 December 2014
Luxembourg Air Rescue's recently purchased LearJet 45XR aircraft lands at the Findel Airport. This expansion of the fleet to a total of five air ambulances follows the continuing growth of LAR activities. Since the 22nd of January 2015, the new aircraft, with the registration LX-ONE, carries out patient repatriation flights after the aircraft has been coated in the LAR corporate colours and the authorisation procedures have been completed by the DAC (Direction de l'Aviation Civile).
See also
René Closter
MD Helicopters MD Explorer
Airline codes-L
References
External links
http://www.rth.info/stationen.db/station.php?id=99
http://home.drk-rengsdorf.de/RETTUNG/luxemburg.html
Airlines of Luxembourg
Airlines established in 1988
Rescue aviation
Luxembourgian companies established in 1988
Rosalind Harris (born December 22, 1946) is an American theater and film actor.  They are best known for their portrayal of Tzeitel, the eldest daughter of Tevye, in the 1971 film Fiddler on the Roof. They also starred as Tzeitel in the Broadway musical, having replaced Bette Midler. Nearly 20 years after the film, Harris played mother Golde in a touring stage revival of Fiddler on the Roof; Topol, the Israeli actor who played father Tevye in the film, reprised their role, now playing their husband.
Harris also had an extensive theatre career, having performed in leading roles in many musicals in Off Broadway, regional theater and stock. Them credits include: Elsie in Horatio (Arena Stage), Jenny Hill in Major Barbara (American Shakespeare Festival)/& understudy to Jane Alexander, Aldonza in Man of La Mancha, Mama Rose in Gypsy, Leona Samish in Do I Hear a Waltz? (Equity Library Theatre), 10 productions of Funny Girl, as Fanny Brice (her favorite production, at Chateau DeVille Dinner Theatre, was directed by Christopher Hewett, along with original Broadway Musical Director, Milton Rosenstock), and, Off Broadway, as Dora in The Rise of David Levinsky (American Jewish Theatre), Harris made many television commercials as well, and their spot as a "female doctor" in a Mogen David Wine commercial won a Clio Award. In 1993, they were nominated for a MAC Award for their work in the cabaret show, Hollywood Opera, at Don't Tell Mama, in New York City, written by and also starring Barry Keating.
They appeared as Fanny Brice in the 1984 film The Cotton Club, with Richard Gere and Diane Lane, and with Woody Allen in Zelig. After co-starring in 1996 opposite Angela Lansbury, as Mrs. Lowenstein, in the Hallmark Hall of Fame, made-for-television movie, Mrs. Santa Claus, Harris took time off to create their own vintage and estate jewelry business, “Rosalind's – As You Liked It”. They garnered excellent reviews in a comeback performance in 2012 as Sadie, in the new musical MisSpelled at the Cherry Lane Theatre, in 2014 performed at Town Hall in New York City, as part of the 50th Anniversary Gala of Fiddler on the Roof, with Sheldon Harnick, Chita Rivera and Chaim Topol. In summer of 2016, Harris sang at the Museum of Jewish Heritage, in New York, along with other cast members in another Fiddler tribute.
References
External links
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American film actores
American stage actores
1946 births
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
The 62nd Armored Battalion "M.O. Jero" () is an inactive armored battalion of the Italian Army based in Catania in Sicily. Originally the battalion, like all Italian tank units, was part of the infantry, but since 1 June 1999 it is part of the cavalry. Operationally the battalion was last assigned to the Motorized Brigade "Aosta".
History
The battalion was formed during the 1975 Italian army reform: on 1 October 1975 the LXII Armored Battalion of the Infantry Brigade "Aosta" was renamed 62nd Armored Battalion "M.O. Jero. The 62nd Jero was granted a new war flag on 12 November 1976 by decree 846 of the President of the Italian Republic Giovanni Leone. The battalion received the traditions of the LXII Tank Battalion "L", which had been formed by the XXI Tank Battalion "L" in Italian Libya in December 1939. Equipped with L3/35 tankettes the LXII battalion fought in the early stages of the Western Desert Campaign and was destroyed by the British XIII Corps in the Battle of Bardia on 5 January 1941.
After World War II the LXII battalion was reformed in Catania on 21 February 1961 as armored unit of the Infantry Brigade "Aosta".
Tank and armored battalions created during the 1975 army reform were all named for officers, soldiers and partisans, who were posthumously awarded Italy's highest military honor the Gold Medal of Military Valour for heroism during World War II. The 62nd Tank Battalion's name commemorated 32nd Tank Infantry Regiment Second Lieutenant Fulvio Jero, who had served in the LXII Tank Battalion "L" and was killed in action on 3 January 1941 during the Battle of Bardia. Equipped with M47 Patton tanks and M113 armored personnel carriers the battalion joined the Motorized Brigade "Aosta".
After the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began to draw down its forces and on 27 August 1992 the 62nd Armored Battalion "M.O. Jero" merged with the 62nd Mechanized Infantry Battalion "Sicilia" to form the 62nd Armored Infantry Regiment "Sicilia". Afterwards the flag of the 62nd Jero was transferred to the Shrine of the Flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
See also
Motorized Brigade "Aosta"
References
Tank Battalions of Italy
The Emperor (IV) is the fourth trump or Major Arcana card in traditional tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
The Emperor sits on a ram-adorned throne, a symbol of Mars. Another ram head can be seen on their cloak. Their long white beard bears the symbol of "wisdom". They hold an Ankh scepter in their right hand, and a globe, symbol of domination, in their left. The Emperor sits atop a stark, barren mountain, a sign of "sterility of regulation, and unyielding power." They symbolize the top of the secular hierarchy, the ultimate male ego. The Emperor is the absolute ruler of the world.
History
The essential features of the design for The Emperor card have changed very little through the centuries. The Emperor sometimes got caught up in the censorship placed on the Popess (The High Priestess) and the Pope (The Hierophant), as when the Bolognese card makers replaced the Popess (High Priestess), Pope (Hierophant), Empress, and Emperor with four Moors or Turks. In the Minchiate, the first of the two Emperors are assigned number III because of the removal of the Popess (High Priestess) from the deck.
Interpretation
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Emperor card carries several divinatory associations:
4. THE EMPEROR.--Stability, power, protection, logic, realization; a great person; aid, reason, conviction also authority and will. Reversed: Benevolence, compassion, credit; also confusion to enemies, obstruction, immaturity.
In astrology, the Emperor is associated with the planet Mars and Aries zodiac sign or the planet Saturn and Capricorn sun sign.
Alternative decks
Alternative decks include:
The parallel, fourth Major Arcana card in the Osho Zen Tarot deck is called The Rebel, and carries some similar connotations.
In the Vikings tarot Ullr depicts the Emperor.  They are shown with a bow, a pair of skis, a shield, and a sleigh.
In the X/1999 tarot version made by CLAMP, The Emperor is Kyougo Monou.
In The Legend of the Legendary Heroes tarot, The Emperor is Sion Astarl.
In the Mythic Tarot deck, the Emperor is depicted by Zeus.
In the Wildwood Tarot by Mark Ryan, this card is called "The Green Man".
In the Greenwood Tarot by Chesca Potter, this card is called "Greenman".
In the New Orleans Voodoo Tarot by Louis Martinie, this card is called "Loco"
In the Tarot Del Toro, a deck inspired by the works of Guillermo del Toro, the Emperor is Balor, the elfin king, from Hellboy II
References
Major Arcana
Me and the Drummer is the 47th studio album from American country music artist Willie Nelson. It was released June 6, 2000, by Luck Records. It features Nelson revisiting some of their classic songs from the sixties with their band the Offenders.
The album was re-released in Europe in 2001 under the longer title Tales Out of Luck (Me and the Drummer). The re-release omits "What a Way to Live".
Track listing
All songs by Willie Nelson, except as shown.
"Me and the Drummer" (Bill McDavid) - 5:09
"Home Motel" - 4:07
"Let My Mind Wander" - 5:04
"I'd Rather You Didn't Love Me" - 3:25
"Something to Think About" - 2:48
"No Tomorrow in Sight" - 3:11
"I'm So Ashamed" - 3:40
"A Moment Isn't Very Long" - 3:19
"Rainy Day Blues" - 3:34
"You Wouldn't Cross the Street to Say Goodbye" - 3:26
"I Guess I've Come to Live Here in Your Eyes" - 2:46
"Forgiving You Was Easy" - 2:59
"What a Way to Live" - 4:11
External links
Willie Nelson's Official Website
References
2000 albums
Willie Nelson albums
Ceracanthia eugenieae is a species of snout moth. It was described by Herbert H. Neunzig and Maria Alma Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 2002
Phycitinae
A seedbed or seedling bed is the local soil environment in which seeds are planted. Often it comprises not only the soil but also a specially prepared cold frame, hotbed or raised bed used to grow the seedlings in a controlled environment into larger young plants before transplanting them into a garden or field. A seedling bed is used to increase the number of seeds that germinate.
Soil type
The soil of a seedbed needs to be loose and smoothed, without large lumps. These traits are needed so that seeds can be planted easily, and at a specific depth for best germination. Large lumps and uneven surface would tend to make the planting depth random. Many types of seedlings also need loose soil with minimal rocky content for best conditions to grow their roots. (For example, carrots grown in rocky soil will tend not to grow straight.)
Seedbed preparation
Seedbed preparation in farm fields often involves secondary tillage via harrows and cultivators. This may follow primary tillage (if any) by moldboard plows or chisel plows. No-till farming methods avoid tillage for seedbed preparation as well as later weed control.
Seedbed preparation in gardens often involves secondary tillage via hand tools such as rakes and hoes. This may follow primary tillage (if any) by shovels, picks, or mattocks. Rotary tillers provide a powered alternative that takes care of both primary and secondary tillage.
The preparation of a seedbed may include:
The removal of debris. Insect eggs and disease spores are often found in plant debris and so this is removed from the plot. Stones and larger debris will also physically prevent the seedlings from growing.
Levelling. The site will have been levelled for even drainage.
Breaking up the soil. Compacted soil will be broken up by digging. This allows air and water to enter, and helps the seedling penetrate the soil. Smaller seeds require a finer soil structure. The surface the soil can be broken down into a fine granular structure using a tool such as a rake.
Soil improvement. The soil structure may be improved by the introduction of organic matter such as compost or peat.
Fertilizing. The nitrate and phosphate levels of the soil can be adjusted with fertilizer. If the soil is deficient in any micro nutrients, these too can be added.
The seedlings may be left to grow to adult plant.
See also
:Category:Horticulture
Open field
Seed drill
False seedbed
Sowing
Stale seed bed
Stratification (botany)
References
External links
Horticulture
Agriculture
Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968) was an American politician who is often referred to by their initials RFK.
RFK may also refer to:
RFK (film), a 2002 television movie about Robert F. Kennedy
RFK (2004), a television documentary directed by David Grubin
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (born 1954), lawyer, journalist, author, and son of Robert F. Kennedy
Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium, Washington DC
Triborough Bridge, known officially as the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge since 2008, and sometimes referred to as the RFK Triborough Bridge
Roush Fenway Keselowski Racing, or RFK Racing, a NASCAR team
Acronyms
Rīgas FK, a Latvian football club
robotfindskitten, a computer game
Fulk of Nevers (died 1066), known as Foulques l'Oison (meaning the Goose, the Fool, or the Idiot), was the count of Vendôme from 1028 until their expulsion in 1032 and again from 1056 to their death. They were the second son of Bodon of Nevers and Adela of Anjou.
In 1028, their elder brother, Bouchard II, died and their mother took up the regency for the young Fulk. Half of the county was entrusted to Fulk's care. Unsatisfied, Fulk sought to evict their mother from their half. Adela gave their share to Geoffrey Martel, Count of Anjou. Martel was not long in seizing the whole country. This state continued until 1056, when King Henry I ordered Martel to return the county of Vendôme to Fulk. Fulk was thereafter under the suzerainty of the counts of Anjou.
In their final decade as count, Fulk entered into war with Theobald III of Blois and with the Trinity Abbey, Vendôme.
They were married to Petronilla of Château-Gontier. They had a son and two daughters:
Bouchard III, succeeded in Vendôme
Euphrosine, married Geoffrey III of Preuilly
Agatha, married Ralph Payen, viscount of Vendôme
1066 deaths
Counts of Vendôme
Year of birth unknown
Zijlpoort is a city gate in Leiden, The Netherlands. The gate was built in 1667 in the classical style according to a design by the Leiden architect Willem van der Helm and with sculpture by Rombout Verhulst. Because the gates have to connect with the city wall as well as with a bridge, the building is in the form of a parallelogram. The Zijlpoort, together with the Morspoort (1669) and Doelenpoort (1645), are the only of the original eight gates that survived. The name refers to the nearby river, the Zijl. The predecessor of the Zijlpoort stood at the end of the Haarlemmerstraat that is now called the Havenplein.
In the course of time, the Zijlpoort has, together with the hall above the passage, fulfilled different purposes over time: for example, at the beginning of the 18th century, a society of amateur poets and playwrights (a so-called guild of "rederijkers") was based there, and from 1736 there was a school for poor children. Afterwards in the late 19th century, the city had a storage room above the gate.
In the last quarter of the 20th century, the Zijlpoort was renovated twice on a large scale. During the last renovation, in the 1990s, supporting constructions were put up on both sides of the gate. Since 1999, a catering shop has been established in one of them.
Gates in the Netherlands
Buildings and structures in Leiden
Buildings and structures completed in 1667
1667 establishments in the Dutch Republic
Aeshra Patel is an Indian supermodel, and an actor. They participated in Femina Miss India 2010 and was a 1st runner-up in the Ford Supermodel 2009 competition.
Early life, education and personal life
Aeshra Patel was born and brought up in village called Kavitha, Vadodara. Them parents are farmers. As they were born in a farmer family they grew up doing all the farming activities like working in the farm, milking cows, etc.
Aeshra won Miss Baroda competition while studying medicine. Then they decided to pursue their dreams and moved to Mumbai to establish their career in modelling. Aeshra wasn't well versed with English language before they moved to Mumbai. They learnt the language all by herself.
Career
Early career and Femina Miss India 2010
Aeshra moved to Mumbai in 2008. They did the number of television commercials & fashion shows. Some of their early notable work include commercials for Pantene, and Pizza Hut. Aeshra participated in Ford Supermodel 2009 competition and became the 1st runner-up. Aeshra also participated in Femina Miss India in 2010.
Lakme Fashion Week and India's International Jewellery Fashion Week
Aeshra has walked the ramp at Lakme Fashion Week in 2011-2012 for notable fashion designers like Tarun Tahiliani, Sabyasachi Mukherji, Rohit Bal, Neeta Lulla, Anita Dongre, Shyamal and Bhoomika, Babita Malkani, and many more. Aeshra has also walked the ramp at India's International Jewellery Fashion Week in 2012-2013.
Kingfisher Calendar Girl 2013
In 2013, Aeshra participated in Kingfisher Calendar Girl. They were awarded to be the new face of TRESemmé during the competition.
Other modelling and print work
Aeshra's other notable TV commercial work includes commercials for Puma, Emami Fair & Handsome, Provogue, Axe Deo, Spice Mobile, Star Cricket Promo, MTV Promo, Radical Rice, Reliance Mobile, Skoda, Intel, UTV Stars, and Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign which featured voiceover from Amitabh Bachchan.
Aeshra has also done a music video titled "Always on My Mind" with notable Pakistani pop icon Zohaib Hassan.
Aeshra's print work includes ads for Provogue, Raymond Suitings, Nature Valley Health Bars, Garden Vareli, Water Kingdom, Big Bazar, TBZ Jewellers, Economic Times, Kalanjali Sarees, Panache Jewellery, Skoda Calendar, Jai Hind Suitings, and Novotel Hotels.
References
1988 births
Living people
Nick Franklin may refer to:
Nick Franklin (executive), Disney executive
Nick Franklin (baseball), American baseball player
Nevade is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. At the 2011 census, the village had a population of 627 people.
Notable people
Hadži-Prodan Gligorijević, Serbian military commander from the 18th and 19th century
Čedomir Mirković, Serbian writer and editor
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Henri Pleger (25 October 1898 – 5 July 1982) was a Luxembourgian athlete. They competed in the men's long jump and the men's high jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
1898 births
1982 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Luxembourgian male long jumpers
Luxembourgian male high jumpers
Olympic athletes of Luxembourg
Place of birth missing
Barry Stevens (born 1952) is a Toronto-based writer and filmmaker.
In 1997 they co-wrote (with Steven Silver) the International Emmy Award-winning documentary Gerrie & Louise, about the South African Truth Commission. Since this time they have devoted themselves almost exclusively to documentary work, writing and directing several critically acclaimed documentaries including Offspring (2001) which won the Donald Brittain Award, the IDFA Audience Award, and was nominated for an Emmy and a Grierson, The Bomber's Dream (2006), Bio-Dad (2009) and Prosecutor (2010).
Through the making of Offspring and Bio-Dad, which chronicled the search for their own sperm-donor father, Stevens discovered they were one of 1000 potential offspring of Dr. Bertold P. Wiesner, who ran a London-based fertility clinic between 1943 and 1962.
Awards and nominations
For Diary of Evelyn Lau
1995: Gemini Award for "Best writing in a Dramatic Program or Mini-Series"
For Gerrie and Louise
1998: (with Steven Silver) Gemini Award for "Best Writing in a Documentary Program or Series"
1998: (with Steven Silver) Writers Guild of Canada Award
For Offspring
2001: Amsterdam International Film Festival Audience Award
2001: Nominated for Chicago International Film Festival Gold Hugo Award for "Best Documentary"
2002: Writers Guild of Canada Award
For The Bombers Dream
2007: Writers Guild of Canada Award for "Best Writing in a Documentary"
For War Story
2014: 2nd Canadian Screen Awards for "Best Direction in a Documentary Series" ("Ortona: The War Inside")
2017: 5th Canadian Screen Awards for "Best Direction in a Documentary Series" ("The Long Way Home")
References
External links
1952 births
Canadian documentary film directors
Canadian people of Austrian-Jewish descent
Canadian screenwriters
Living people
Canadian Screen Award winners
Donor conceived people
Made in zhopa () is the fourth album by the Russian ska punk group Leningrad. "Маде ин жопа" means 'Made in the Ass'. If it were to be in Russian, the album should be "Сделано в жопе", but the album name refers to the international expression "Made in..."
Track listing
"В клубе модном" - V klube modnom (In a Fashionable Club) – 2:47
"Полные карманы (У меня есть всё)" - Polnye karmany (U menya est' vsyo) (Full Pockets (I've Got Everything)) – 4:08
"Не со мной" - Ne so mnoy (Not With Me) – 2:45
"Хип-Хоп" - Khip-Khop (Hip-Hop) – 2:04
"Миллион алых роз" - Million alykh roz (A Million Red Roses) – 3:44
"Парнишка" - Parnishka (A Fellow) – 2:48
"Не слышны в саду" - Ne slyshny v sadu (Not Heard In the Garden) – 2:07
"Девушка с понятием" - Devushka s ponyatiyem (Girl With Concepts) – 2:08
"Злые пули" - Zlye puli (Evil Bullets) – 1:30
"Свободная" - Svobodnaya (She is Free) – 3:03
"Эх раз, ещё раз" - Ekh raz, eshchyo raz (One Time, One More Time) – 2:13
"Стоп-машина" - Stop-mashina (Stop the car) – 2:17
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
2001 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
Dando's Dogs also known as the Devil's Dandy Dogs, are mythical creatures in English folklore. They are hounds that take part in the Wild Hunt. They are associated with Black Dogs, as a generic term for canine apparitions.
The legend involves a sinful priest named Dando, who was a capable huntsman. After a Sunday hunt, Dando drinks all the alcohol that their companions give him. Dando calls for more. They exclaim that if the drink they want cannot be found on Earth, they should go to Hell to get it. A strange huntsman comes forward and offers Dando a drink, but seizes some of Dando's game from the hunt. A drunken Dando tries to stop the huntsman, shouting, "I'll go to Hell after them, but I'll get them from thee."
In another version, a strange huntsman offers Dando a flask. Dando drinks it, but wants more and says that "I'll gallop to Hell for more".
In both versions, the huntsman whisks Dando away to Hell, while Dando's dogs give futile chase. It is said that on early Sunday mornings, "Dando's Dogs" can be heard, either pursuing game or searching for Dando.
References
Mythological dogs
English legendary creatures
English ghosts
Dogs in the United Kingdom
Tolmomyias is a genus of Neotropical birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It is one of the two genera containing the "flatbills"; the other is Rhynchocyclus.
The genus was erected by the Austrian ornithologist Carl Eduard Hellmayr in 1927 with the yellow-olive flatbill (Tolmomyias sulphurescens) as the type species. The genus name Tolmomyias combines the Ancient Greek "courage" or "boldness" with the New Latin "flycatcher".
These species are notoriously difficult to identify, except by voice. Their taxonomy is complex and it is likely that some "species" actually include several species level taxa. They are relatively thickset birds with proportionally large heads and, as suggested by their name, flat bills. All have a primarily yellow-green plumage with distinct edging to the wings, and the crown is often grey. They are usually found in humid forests where they forage well above the forest floor and will join mixed flocks. Their bag-shaped nests are often placed near wasp nests.
Species
The genus contains seven species:
Notes
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dobšice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Dobšice (České Budějovice District), a municipality and village in the South Bohemian Region
Dobšice (Nymburk District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Dobšice (Znojmo District), a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
Institutiones Divinae (, ; The Divine Institutes) is the name of a theological work by the Christian Roman philosopher Lactantius, written between AD 303 and 311.
Contents
Arguably the most important of Lactantius's works, the Divinae institutionesthe title of which was meant to correspond to the institutiones that expressed the workings of civil lawis both a systematic and apologetic work that, as Patrick Healy argues, "point out the futility of pagan beliefs and to establish the reasonableness and truth of Christianity." The work was the first full attempt to defend Christian theology in Latin, and it was likely written to appeal to and convince educated pagans. While Lactantius focused much of Divinae institutiones on combating the claims of pagan writers (who at the time were aiding the persecutors of Christianity by writing specialized attack pamphlets), the author also sought to make their work "sufficiently broad" so that it might stem criticisms from all directions.
Sources
Book VII of the work indicates a familiarity with Jewish, Christian, Egyptian and Iranian apocalyptic material, and alludes to the (now-lost) Oracle of Hystaspes. The work also makes use of Sibylline sources as well as the Hermetica of Hermes Trismegistus. Included in this treatise is also a quote from the nineteenth of the Odes of Solomon, one of only two known texts of the Odes until the early twentieth century.
Reception
Patrick Healy notes, "The strengths and the weakness of Lactantius are nowhere better shown than in their work. The beauty of the style, the choice and aptness of the terminology, cannot hide the author's lack of grasp on Christian principles and their almost utter ignorance of Scripture." Lactantius's mockery of the idea of a round earth was criticized by Copernicus in the preface to their book De revolutionibus orbium coelestium, in which the author writes, "Lactantius, the writer celebrated in other ways but very little in mathematics, spoke somewhat childishly of the shape of the earth when they derided those who declared the earth had the shape of a ball" (Lactantium, celebrem alioqui scriptorem, sed Mathematicum parum, admodum pueriliter de forma terræ loqui, cum deridet eos, qui terram globi formam habere prodiderunt).
According to the World Digital Library, Divinae institutiones was one of the first books to be printed in Italy, as well as the first Italian imprint to be dated.
References
Bibliography
External links
Full text at New Advent
Incomplete text at Wikisource
Scanned full text images of a Latin incunable at World Digital Library
4th-century Christian texts
4th-century Latin books
Apocalypticism
Christian apologetic works
Christianity and paganism
Christian philosophy
Flat Earth
Italian manuscripts
Lootens or Looten is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charles L. Lootens (1900–1994), American sound engineer
Christophe Looten (born 1958), French composer
Jan Looten (1617/1618–c.1681), Dutch landscape painter
Julien Lootens (1876–1942), Belgian cyclist
Lena Lootens, Dutch soprano
Louis Aloysius Lootens (1827–1898), Belgian-born Canadian Catholic prelate
Mobjack is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. Mobjack is south-southwest of Mathews.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
This is an episode list for the BBC television sitcom It Ain't Half Hot Mum by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, broadcast between 3 January 1974, and 3 September 1981.
It Ain't Half Hot Mum episodes were filmed between 1973 and 1981 with a break in 1979.
Series 1 to 4 took place in Deolali, India, while series 5 to 8 took place in Tin Min, Burma.
All episodes are 30 minutes long.
The episodes "A Star is Born" and "It's a Wise Child" no longer exist in their complete form as their original master tapes were wiped by the BBC shortly after their repeat broadcasts. Australian off-air VHS copies of both episodes, cut for screening on a commercial channel, were discovered in 1988. They are not of broadcast quality, but were included as extras on the series 1 DVD.
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 (1974)
Series 2 (1975)
Series 3 (1976)
Series 4 (1976)
Series 5 (1977)
Series 6 (1978)
Series 7 (1980)
Series 8 (1981)
External links
Episode list using the default LineColor
It Ain't Half Hot Mum episodes
The Black Bloc () was a political organisation in Sudan which sought to defend the interests of Black Sudanese. The Black Bloc emerged in 1948 and was active throughout the colonial period. It was based in the Nuba Mountains. The Black Bloc faced resistance from other Sudanese political parties, who labelled it as a "racist" organisation. The British colonial authorities caved in to the pressure from these groups, and denied the Black Bloc the ability to register itself as a political party.
References
Black political parties
Defunct political parties in Sudan
Majs (; or , romanized: ) is a village in Baranya County, Hungary. Residents are Magyars, with a minority of Danube Swabians and Serbs.
Until the end of World War II, the majority of the inhabitants were Danube Swabians, also called locally as Stifolder, because their ancestors once came at the 17th century and 18th century from Fulda (district). Most of the former German settlers were expelled to allied-occupied Germany and allied-occupied Austria in 1945–1948, as a result of the Potsdam Agreement.
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They occupied the houses of the former Danube Swabians inhabitants.
Notablesights
Serbian Orthodox Church, that was built in the beginning of the 17th century. This church is unique in Hungary and Central Europe, as its iconostas was stone built, instead of the usual wooden material.
Natives
Béla Linder, military officer and politician
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Serb communities in Hungary
Helen Elizabeth Morgan (born 29 September 1952) is an England-born Welsh actor, model, TV Host and beauty queen who won the 1974 Miss Wales, Miss United Kingdom and Miss World pageants. Morgan became the first winner to resign, and the second (after Marjorie Wallace) not to finish their reign as Miss World.
Biography
Born in Walsall, Staffordshire, England they worked in a bank. Entering modelling competitions on a part-time basis, they won the Miss Wales (representing Barry in the competition for that titile) and Miss United Kingdom titles in 1974.
Miss Universe 1974
Morgan represented Wales in the Miss Universe 1974 pageant, where they finished first runner-up to Amparo Muñoz of Spain. When Muñoz resigned as Miss Universe before the end of their reign, the crown was not offered to Morgan or any other runner-up.
Miss World 1974
Winning Miss United Kingdom earned Morgan the right to represent the United Kingdom in Miss World. They had originally been reluctant to enter the Miss Wales competition, and was eventually paid £30 as a last-minute stand-in when another competitor dropped out. Morgan became the second Welsh woman and the fourth UK representative to win the competition in 1974.
However, they were forced to resign only four days after winning the pageant, upon the media creating extremely negative and lurid headlines as they were an unwed mother with an 18-month-old son. This had never been hidden from the time they were crowned Miss Wales, but the lurid headlines in the hours immediately following their win at Miss World, particularly interviews given by the wife of the child's father, created extreme pressure on Morgan and the Miss World organization. Although this did not violate any of the competition rules (which stipulated only that entrants must be unmarried), pressure was placed on them by the Miss World Organisation that they should resign to save them from further potential embarrassment.
The first runner-up, Anneline Kriel of South Africa, succeeded them Morgan became the first winner to resign, and the second Miss World titleholder not to finish their reign. The first case was that of Miss World 1973, Marjorie Wallace, who, according to pageant officials, was stripped of the crown for "failing to fulfill the basic requirements of the job" a few months into their reign.
After Miss World
Threatened with being a named party in a divorce – an action which was later dropped – Morgan was allowed to keep their other titles. They resigned from the bank, and undertook a career in modelling, TV and films.
After modelling
Morgan married and moved to Surrey in the 1980s, and had two more children, Poppy and Ben. They later left the UK, and now lives in Spain with their husband Ronny Lamb and family.
In 2004, Morgan agreed to judge the 2004 Miss Wales competition in Swansea, the 30th anniversary of their competition win, won by Amy Guy.
References
External links
Helen Morgan at Miss Wales
1952 births
Beauty pageant controversies
Living people
Miss United Kingdom winners
Miss Universe 1974 contestants
Miss World 1974 delegates
Miss World winners
People from Barry, Vale of Glamorgan
Welsh beauty pageant winners
Welsh female models
People from Walsall
Llano is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 773.
Features and demographics
Llano has of land area and no water area. In 2010, its population was 773 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Llano and Quebradas barrios was 977.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
The Fifth Empire (O Quinto Império – Ontem Como Hoje) is a 2004 Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
Cast
Ricardo Trêpa as King Sebastian I of Portugal
Luís Miguel Cintra as Simão, Sapateiro Santo
Glória de Matos as Rainha D. Catarina
Miguel Guilherme as Truões
David Almeida as Truões
See also
Cinema of Portugal
References
External links
2004 drama films
2004 films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Portuguese drama films
2000s Portuguese-language films
John William Merchant (May 3, 1899 – March 31, 1972) was an American athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the men's hammer throw at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
1899 births
1972 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
American male long jumpers
American male hammer throwers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
People from Coos Bay, Oregon
The Tbilisi Metro () is a rapid transit system in the Georgian capital Tbilisi. Opened on 11 January 1966, it was the fourth metro system in the former Soviet Union. Like other ex-Soviet metros, most of the stations are very deep and vividly decorated.
At present the system consists of two lines, in total length, serving 23 stations. In 2017, the Metro transported 113.827 million passengers. The Metro is operated by the Tbilisi Transport Company, which began operation the same year as the Tbilisi Metro, in 1966.
History
Tbilisi (officially known as Tiflis until 1936), capital of Georgia, was considered historically to be one of the most important cities of the Soviet Union, particularly in view of its political position as being the most significant city in the Caucasus and the capital of the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic which lasted until 1936. The city grew quite rapidly during the 19th and 20th centuries, and apart from being a cultural and political centre, it was also an important transport hub in Transcaucasia and an industrial center as well.
Features of the historically established development of Tbilisi, stretching for more than 25 km along the Mtkvari river, densely built-up city centre, narrow steep streets in some parts of the city, impede the development of land transport. All this contributed to the need for a rapid transit Metro system. Especially considering its geographic characteristic - Tbilisi is considerably long, which undoubtedly would simplify the coverage of most parts of the city by the underground.
Construction began in 1952. Tbilisi was the one of the only cities of the former USSR where the construction of the Metro system started before the resident population exceeded one million. A population over one million was one of the main criteria for building a metro system in Soviet cities.
On 11 January 1966, the Tbilisi Metro was opened: it was the first and only Metro system in Georgia and the fourth one in the former Soviet Union (after Moscow, Saint Petersburg, and Kyiv), when the first six stations were opened. Since then, the system has steadily grown to a two line, 23 station networks.
During the 1990s, most of the Soviet-era station names were changed, although financial difficulties after the breakup of the Soviet Union hit the Metro particularly hard in its infrastructure, operations, and extensions. In the early-mid 1990s the Tbilisi metro was usually not working due to the lack of electricity. Until recently, the Metro had been underfunded and operated in severe difficulties due to poor electrical supply. It had also become infamous for widespread petty crime, like pickpocketing and mugging. In addition, there have been several incidents at metro stations in recent years. On 9 October 1997, a former police officer blew themselves up at Didube station. On 14 February 2000, a teenager threw a homemade hand grenade into a metro station, injuring several people. In March 2004, several people were poisoned by an unidentified gas while using the Metro. However, the crime has reduced as a result of security and administration reforms in the system from 2004 to 2005. Other services have also significantly improved.
The Tbilisi Metro system is undergoing a major rehabilitation effort, including the reconstruction of the stations as well as the modernization of trains and other facilities. The city's 2006 budget allocated 16 million laris for this project. Former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili promised to make the Metro a most prestigious public transport system, and charged Director General of Tbilisi Metro, Zurab Kikalishvili, in late 2005, to bring the metro up to European standards by 2007. From 2005 began the renovation process of subway trains. As part of the modernization, the soviet-era rolling stock was overhauled, old parts were replaced with new ones, the interior of the car was changed and the exterior was given a different look. Additionally, the driver cab was equipped with a modern control panel.
In subsequent years, however, the upgrade process has slowed significantly, and as of July 2010, the Tbilisi metro rail was still far from its target standard. Some renovated metro stations had to be repaired again soon due to deficient planning and poor quality of renovation. The renovation process of the system continues unfortunately slowly and there are several stations under renovation. Tbilisi city hall plans to purchase 10 4-car trains for Tbilisi Metro, which will meet European standards.
The extension of Saburtalo Line to State University station began in 1985. In 1993 the construction was stopped and it went into conservation mode. In January 2012 construction was scheduled to start on a frozen extension of the Saburtalo Line from the Vazha-Pshavela station to the Sakhelmtsipo Universiteti (State University) station, of which 80% of the work was completed during the Soviet era. But it was only restarted in July 2015 with financial help from the Asian Development Bank and the station was finally opened to the public on 16 October 2017. The new State University station meets modern standards and is equipped with new technologies. Additionally, Delisi-Vazha-Pshavela tunnel was also opened.
In 2019, the complete rehabilitation of power lines and ventilation systems in the metro began. With the replacement of the 450-kilometer power cable, 32 new European-standard fans will be installed. The Asian Development Bank has allocated $ 15 million for this project.
The government of Tbilisi, through the partial funding from the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, will spend more than 75 million Euros on purchasing 40, new, modern metro cars or 10 train sets, bringing the system's outdated rolling stock up to date. Moreover, the depot and the connecting tunnel will be rehabilitated as a part of the project to support the new trains. This is the first major rolling stock update for the network since it began operation more than 50 years ago.
Network
Current lines
Timeline
Operation
, the system consists of two lines, serving 23 stations, operating on of route and of track. Of the 23 stations, 21 stations are below ground and two are surface level. Of the subterranean stations, 17 are deep level and 4 shallow. The former comprise 6 pylon stations, 5 columns and 6 single vaults (built to the Leningrad Technology). The shallow stations consist of three pillar-trispans and one single vault (Kharkov Technology). Due to Tbilisi's uneven landscape, the Metro, particularly the Akhmeteli-Varketili line, has one surface-level section.
An estimated total of 105.6 million people used the Metro annually as at 2005, though the actual figure by 2012 was closer to 94 million. Carrying them are a fleet of 170 Soviet-built rail cars, consisting of the 81–717/714 and Еzh3 models, which have been modernised since 2000 and operate from two depots. Station platforms are built to accommodate five-carriage trains, though four- car trains operate on both lines of the subway system.
Trains run from a little before 6:00 am (exact times vary depending on the station) until midnight, with intervals ranging between minutes at peak times and 12 minutes later in the night. Train speeds are 60–80 kilometres per hour, while the average trip speed is slightly over 33 kilometres per hour.
Fares
The Tbilisi Metro uses a flat-fare system of 1 lari per journey. Tokens are no longer used, and riders must purchase for 2 lari a Metromoney Card (a stored value card available at metro stations), onto which they can add fares. The card allows riders to re-enter the system for 90 minutes upon leaving it at no charge.
Future
The system had also an advanced extension plan, with a third line, amongst other locations, encompass the district of Vake. Forming a typical Soviet triangle with three-line six radii layout intersecting in the city centre. However, most of the construction sites remain frozen, some dating to Soviet times.
There are also plans to return a tram network in Tbilisi.
In October 2018, the Prime Minister of Georgia, Mamuka Bakhtadze announced during the Georgian Dream conference that 7 new stations will form a new line connecting central Tbilisi with outskirts of the city and Tbilisi Shota Rustaveli Airport. According to the plan, the new overground line will run from Samgori metro station to the Lilo market in east of the city. The mayor Kakha Kaladze added, that the line is planned to be extended to Rustavi, a major city 30 km away from the capital. Although, this still remains a plan up until the overground line is open.
See also
List of Tbilisi Metro stations
List of metro systems
Trams in Tbilisi
References
External links
Tbilisi Transport Company – official Metro website
Tbilisi at UrbanRail.net
Tbilisi at Metroworld
Tbilisi Metro at cityrailtransit.com
Metrosoyuza
Tbilisi Metro
Metasubway Tbilisi
Underground rapid transit in Georgia (country)
Transport in Tbilisi
The 2021 Pan American Taekwondo Championships, the 21st edition of the Pan American Taekwondo Championships, was held in Cancún, Mexico from 3 to 4 June 2021.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
References
External links
World Taekwondo
Pan American Taekwondo Championships
Pan American Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Mexico
Pan American Taekwondo Championships
Pan American Taekwondo Championships
Caroline A. Forell is a professor emerita at the University of Oregon School of Law. They retired in December 2019.
Forell grew up in Gold Coast, Queensland and is an dual American-Australian citizen. Initially, they wanted to work as a journalist, but turned to law when their application for a newspaper job was explicitly rejected in favor of a lesser qualified male candidate because they already had a woman reporter. After receiving a full scholarship from the University of Queensland, they attended the University of Iowa College of Law where they were an editor of the Iowa Law Review before joining the University of Oregon School of Law faculty in 1978. Them specialisms include legal issues affecting women, tort; comparative law between the United States, Canada, Australia and England, Australian legal history and provocation doctrine.
In addition, they were helped found the Lane County Domestic Violence Council and led the Board of Directors for Sexual Assault Support Services (SASS) and Breaking Free.
Forell is the coauthor (with Donna Matthews) of the book A Law of Them Own: The Reasonable Woman as a Measure of Man, published by NYU Press.
References
External links
20th-century births
Living people
American legal scholars
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
University of Oregon School of Law faculty
Federalist Society members
Australian emigrants to the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2nd Filmfare Awards were held in 1955.
Boot Polish and Parineeta won 2 awards each, thus becoming the most-awarded films at the ceremony, with the former winning Best Film and Best Supporting Actor (for David Abraham), and the latter winning Best Director (for Bimal Roy) and Best Actress (for Meena Kumari).
Main Awards
Best Film
Boot Polish
Best Director
Bimal Roy - Parineeta
Best Actor
Bharat Bhushan - Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu
Best Actress
Meena Kumari - Parineeta
Best Supporting Actor
David Abraham - Boot Polish
Best Supporting Actress
Usha Kiran - Baadbaan
Best Music
S.D. Burman - Taxi Driver for Jaaye To Jaaye Kahaan
Technical Awards
Best Sound
Ishaan Ghosh - Jeewan Jyoti''
References
External links
Winner and nomination of 1st Filmfare Awards at Internet Movie Database
Filmfare Awards
1955 in Indian cinema
1954 film awards
CCLA may refer to:
California Collegiate Lacrosse Association, a conference that participates in the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association
Canadian Civil Liberties Association, a non-governmental organization in Canada
Canadian Copyright Licensing Agency, a Canadian business corporation
Chimpanzee–human last common ancestor, also CHLCA or C/H LCA
Correspondence Chess League of America, the first American chess club to become an ICCF affiliate
Correspondence Chess League of Australia, the league that organizes the Australian Correspondence Chess Championship
Josiah Collins V (1864-1949) was an American attorney, civil servant and politician who was Seattle Fire Commissioner and a State Senator. They were Seattle's Fire Chief at the time of the Great Seattle Fire on June 6, 1889. On that date, they were in San Francisco, attending a regional conference of Fire Chiefs.
Biography
Josiah Collins was born in Hillsborough, North Carolina on June 17, 1864. They moved to Washington in 1883, where they became a lawyer.
They were chief of the volunteer fire department at the time of the Great Seattle Fire in 1889.
They were one of the cofounders of the first golf clubs in Seattle at Laurelhurst in 1895.
Initially a Democrat, they joined the Republican Party in 1896. They served as a member of the Washington State Senate from 1911 to 1915.
They married Caroline Wetherill in June 1907, and they had two sons.
They died in Seattle on July 1, 1949.
References
Geni: Josiah Collins V
HistoryLink: Seattle Fire Department
Seattle PI: Museum displays Seattle Fire Bell
HistoryLink: Daughter in Law Patsy Bullitt Collins
1864 births
1949 deaths
American fire chiefs
History of Seattle
Lawyers from Seattle
Washington (state) lawyers
Washington (state) Republicans
Washington (state) state senators
In Love is singer Cheryl Lynn's second studio album on Columbia Records in 1979.
Track listing
"I've Got Faith in You" - (Bobby Caldwell) 4:46
"Hide It Away" - (Greg Phillinganes, Michael Sembello, Nathan Watts, Raymond Pounds) 4:38
"Feel It" - (Brian Becvar) 5:09
"In Love" - (David Cohen, Leslie Ruchala) 5:56
"Keep It Hot" - (Cheryl Lynn, George Bryant) 5:24
"I've Got Just What You Need" - (John Footman, Judy Weider) 3:52
"Love Bomb" - (Barry Blue, Lynsey de Paul) 4:12
"Chances" - (Cheryl Lynn) 4:10
"Don't Let It Fade Away" - (Rod Bowkett) 5:12
Bonus Tracks (2013 UK Funkytown Grooves Re-issue)
10. "In Love" (single edit) 3:45
11. "Keep It Hot" (Special 12" Club Mix) 5:27
12. "Feel It" (single edit) 3:58
Personnel
Cheryl Lynn - lead and backing vocals
Bobby Caldwell, Cornell Dupree, Paul Jackson Jr., Jeff Lee, Michael McGlory - guitar
Greg Phillinganes, David Foster, Paul Griffin, Richard Tee, Brian Becvar, Jean Roussel, John Footman, John Cameron - keyboards
Bernard Purdie, Andy Newmark, James Gadson - Drums
Chuck Rainey, David Shields - bass guitar
Michael Brecker - saxophone
Bobbye Hall - congas
Delbert Langston, Sharon Jack - backing vocals
Charts
Singles
References
External links
Cheryl Lynn-In Love at Discogs
1979 albums
Cheryl Lynn albums
Columbia Records albums
Aurora Reservoir is a reservoir located in the far southeastern reach of Aurora, Colorado. Senac Creek and other minor streams flow into the reservoir's three coves, Senac, Marina and Lone Tree, each pointing to the south. The reservoir provides drinking water to the City of Aurora, and is also a recreation area.
History
Aurora Reservoir was built in 1989 at a cost of 41 million dollars and was filled in 1990. The reservoir is used for recreation and to provide water for Aurora, CO and surrounding communities. Miles of undeveloped prairie originally separated the reservoir from the city's neighborhoods, and its location has been referred to as "Aurora's Outback". However, over 3,500 new homes in the two new suburban communities, Beacon Point and Southshore are currently under construction immediately southwest of the reservoir, in addition to much other development in the area including the Southlands Lifestyle Center (approx west of the reservoir), Cherokee Trail High School and Fox Ridge Middle School (1/2 mile southwest) and thousands of other homes in the vicinity.
Recreation
The rapid Southeastern expansion of the Denver–Aurora Metropolitan Area has greatly increased attendance and awareness of the reservoir. Many recreational opportunities exist at Aurora Reservoir. There is a small swim beach open seasonally, boat dock, rental equipment shack, jogging/biking trail, designated SCUBA diving beach/area in water, and many opportunities for fishermen. In order to protect the purity of the water, only electric boats are allowed, thus limiting full recreational use of the reservoir. Surprisingly, the reservoir is also a relatively popular diving site, largely due to the separate SCUBA beach and designated area in the far Northeastern corner of the lake and also because of a Cessna 310, deliberately sunk in 1994 as a diving attraction, visible at only below the surface. Not surprisingly, it is a popular location for local SCUBA centers to take dive students for their open-water certification. More recently, the reservoir has also become a reputable fishing spot mainly for Trout, Walleye and Catfish, and has truly been in the limelight lately regarding the record for largest catfish caught in Colorado being set at the reservoir in October 2010. The reservoir also hosts a number of community events throughout the year including triathlons, sailing camps, and other local functions.
External links
Aurora Reservoir: Discover Aurora Reservoir
KMGH Denver - Man Catches Record Catfish at Aurora Reservoir
References
Reservoirs in Colorado
Geography of Aurora, Colorado
Protected areas of Arapahoe County, Colorado
Bodies of water of Arapahoe County, Colorado
