Barkly is a locality in Victoria, Australia, about northwest of Melbourne. It is near the intersection of the road from Landsborough to Redbank, and the road from Frenchmans to St Arnaud. It is close to the west boundary of the St Arnaud Range National Park. It is located in the Pyrenees Shire. At the 2016 census Barkly had a population of 43.
The area was first called the Navarre Diggings when gold was discovered there in June 1859 by a group led by James Law (1827-1910). It was about from the Navarre township. There was an immediate goldrush and there were soon about 700 people on the diggings. At the peak of the rush, there were over 6000 people in the area digging for gold.
James Law, who had come to Australia from Scotland, received a reward of 150 pounds for finding gold. Other members of their group, John Fewster, W.R. Marshall and George Mill also were rewarded.
The name was changed to Barkly on 1 November 1861, after the Governor of Victoria, Sir Henry Barkly. Navarre Rush Post Office opened on 1 June 1861, was renamed Barkly in November 1861 and closed in 1981.
A school was started, the Barkly Common School.
A cemetery, now called the Pioneer Cemetery was established close to the original diggings. The town of Barkly developed about two miles from this area, and a new cemetery was begun.
Barkly has a small Anglican church, a hall, and a few scattered houses. The school has been closed and the buildings removed. There is a rose and lavender farm which is open to the public at various times during the year. A headstone was placed on James Law's grave on 5 May 1985. In 1996 a memorial stone was placed at the site of the first gold discovery.
References
External links
Culture Victoria website with photo of the Barkly goldfield
Barkly Lavender and Rose Farm
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Mining towns in Victoria (Australia)
1859 establishments in Australia
Saarmund station () is a railway station in the municipality of Nuthetal in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1918
1918 establishments in Prussia
Buildings and structures in Potsdam-Mittelmark
Vélez Sársfield is a barrio or district in the western part of Buenos Aires, Argentina, located in the area defined by the streets Segurola Avenue, Juan Agustín García, Lope de Vega Avenue, Juan B. Justo Ave., Corro Ave., Medina, Juan Bautista Alberdi Ave. and Mariano Acosta.
Description and history
The barrio was named after Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield, the 19th century author of the Civil Code of Argentina, and a translator of Latin poems into Spanish. It is a typical low-rise housing area, that like many others was mainly populated during the urban explosion at the beginning of the 20th century.
It is currently a middle-class neighborhood, among whose largely low-rise housing there are some small factories and warehouses. The first division football (soccer) club CA Vélez Sársfield is in fact based in the nearby barrio of Liniers, in the José Amalfitani Stadium, and not in Vélez Sársfield itself.
The Maldonado Stream () runs through Vélez Sársfield, which in the early 20th century was culverted. The main avenue in the barrio, named after Juan B. Justo, runs over the stream. The Maldonado was at one point a natural boundary for the city limits of Buenos Aires, before the towns of Flores and Belgrano emerged (which are now also barrios).
External links
Barrio Velez Sarsfield
Neighbourhoods of Buenos Aires
Miss World Spain 2015 was the 3rd edition of the Miss World Spain pageant, held on October 25, 2015. The winner was Mireia Lalaguna Royo of Barcelona and they represented Spain in Miss World 2015.
Final results
Special Awards
Official Delegates
Notes
Returns
Last competed in 2011:
Castile and León
Lérida
Navarre
Last competed 2013:
Gerona
Granada
Withdrawals
Aragón
Cantabria
Galicia
Madrid
Did not compete
Almería
Araba
Ávila
Badajoz
Burgos
Cáceres
Ciudad Real
Cuenca
Ceuta
Guadalajara
Guipúzcoa
Huesca
La Coruña
La Rioja
León
Lugo
Navarre
Orense
Pontevedra
Salamanca
Soria
Teruel
Toledo
Valladolid
Vizcaya
Zamora
Zaragoza
References
External links
Miss Spain
2015 in Spain
World Spain
Acanthaspis petax is a species of assassin bug that preys primarily on ants, but also on a variety of small insects, such as flies, small grasshoppers and beetles. The nymphs of this species create a pile of ant carcasses on their backs for camouflage. The adults do not use camouflage and are coloured with a red and black pattern.
This insect lives in East Africa near Lake Victoria, in countries including Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania. also seen in west Asian countries
Habitat
Acanthaspis petax live in the savanna in hidden habitats such as cracks in the ground, cracks in mud walls, and deserted fungus-growing termite mounds.
Camouflage
Corpse Camouflage
Acanthaspis petax nymphs create a large mound on their backs consisting predominantly of ant carcasses, but other small insect corpses, and bits of plants are often included. This is called masking (when an animal applies materials from the environment to its body), more specifically this is a type of masking called corpse camouflage. The nymphs use this camouflage to hide from predators and aid in the capture of their prey.
To build its mask Acanthaspis petax must first capture its prey. Once captured Acanthaspis petax injects the prey with digestive enzymes and drinks the dissolved tissues, leaving an empty exoskeleton behind. This exoskeleton is fixed to the back of Acanthaspis petax using adhesive threads it secretes from secretory hairs on its abdomen.
How exactly this carcass mound camouflages Acanthaspis petax is still up for debate as little research has been done on the topic. One theory is camouflage by bizarre forms: the insect may attach so many items to its back that it is unrecognizable to predators. Not camouflaging as something else but simply disrupting its own image. Another idea is that Acanthaspis petax is camouflaging itself as a swarm of ants. Interestingly, ants are not the only organisms Acanthaspis petax preys on, but they are the main ones it builds its mask out of. This is possibly because salticid spiders are a major predator of Acanthaspis petax but not of ants. In fact, spiders may avoid a cluster of ants in fear of being swarmed by them. Finally, it has been suggested that this is a type of olfactory camouflage, meaning the smell of the ants would mask that of the insect, however this theory has not been studied.
What is known is that masked bugs get preyed upon much less than naked bugs by visually oriented predators, leading to the conclusion that the camouflage is at least partially visual.
Other Camouflage
The nymphs also cover themselves in sand or soil particles. This "dust coat" may be a form of olfactory camouflage, masking the smell of Acanthaspis petax allowing it to be undetected by its prey and capture it more easily.
The nymphs are active during the day and use camouflage heavily. The adults are active at night and therefore have less of a need for camouflage and do not use it.
Feeding
Acanthaspis petax stalks its prey, until it gets close enough to ambush the prey. It then pierces the prey with its syringe-like proboscis. Paralyzing saliva and digestive enzymes are sent down the proboscis into the prey. Once the prey is extra-corporeally digested Acanthaspis petax sucks the liquefied tissues up the proboscis leaving only the exoskeleton of the prey behind.
Behaviours
When grabbed by a predator Acanthaspis petax can release its body from its mask and run away or hide, leaving behind only a ball of ant carcasses. If a nymph is caught, it plays dead and will not move for many minutes even if it is released.
Acanthaspis petax generally move infrequently and in short bursts. This type of movement enhances the effectiveness of the camouflage.
Nymphs can go many days without food or water making them well adapted to their seemingly unattractive habitat.
References
Further reading
Odhiambo, Thomas R. (1958). "The camouflaging habits of Acanthaspis petax Stål (Hem., Reduviidae) in Uganda". Entomologist's Monthly Magazine. 94: 47.
External links
Ant-killing assassin bugs (Acanthaspis petax), Bukidnon, Philippines
Photo
Reduviidae
Insects described in 1865
Hemiptera of Africa
Humbert Ronald Boerleider (17 August 1935 - 19 August 2016), known as Boelie, was a Surinamese football manager and player who played as a midfielder in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse for S.V. Transvaal. They also played one season in the SVB Derde Klasse for V.V. Ajax before returning to Transvaal. They were an assistant coach for Fortuna Sittard in the Netherlands, and managed S.V. Transvaal and the Suriname national team for the nations 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
They later moved into radio broadcasting, hosting 'de ochtendsport' weekday mornings, and 'Sportrevue' on Sundays on RadioApintie. Boerleider died on 19 August 2016 in Paramaribo, aged 81.
Career
Boerleider began their playing career on the 'Plein van 12 mei' at age 10, before moving to the Mr. Bronsplein where they played for Klein Maar Dapper together with future S.V. Transvaal teammate Puck Eliazer. They received their first lessons in football from Frederik Purperhart, the father of Frits Purperhart. At age 15 they were discovered by famed Transvaal scout Baas Mack who urged the young player to transfer to Hopper before joining the youth ranks of Transvaal. At age 17 Boerleider made their debut in the first team of Transvaal in 1950. They later joined V.V. Ajax playing in the Derde Klasse, the third tier of football in Suriname, before returning to S.V. Transvaal after one season. Manager of Transvaal Jim White was rejuvenating the first team selection and players such as Vossie Belgrave, Andre Watson, Liesdek, Woerdings, Edam Zwakke, Kartaram, Ferdinand Sai and Ferdinand Sleur, were replaced with the likes of Boerleider, Burzer, Karel Zeefuik, Tjiko Bijnoe, Blinker, Charley Marbach and Mauke Pool.
They were given their first pair of football boots from their brother who was playing for PVV at the time. They also travelled outside the country for the first time with S.V. Transvaal, traveling to Cayenne for a football tournament. They played for S.V. Transvaal for the remainder of their playing career, and helped the team to win four national titles in 1950, 1951, 1962, 1965.
International career
Boerleider played for the Suriname national football team. They made their debut in 1957 against the British Guiana national team (now known as Guyana). They played their best match in 1959 on the island of Curaçao in a 2–2 draw with the Netherlands Antilles for the 1960 CCCF Championship qualification. The match marked the first time that Suriname were able to draw against the Netherlands Antilles playing on their home ground. In 1965 they played their only FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Costa Rica ahead of the 1966 tournament hosted in England.
Managerial career
In 1965, Boerleider relocated to the Netherlands to earn a degree in sports. While attending their cios-education in Zeist, they served as an assistant coach for Fortuna Sittard. They returned to Suriname upon completion of their studies, taking over the managerial position at S.V. Transvaal helping the team to a national title in 1970, while finishing as the league's runner-up twice. In 1973, they became the manager for the Suriname national football team for the country's 1974 FIFA World Cup qualification process, finishing in second place to Trinidad and Tobago in the 1973 CONCACAF Championship qualification.
Honours
Player
S.V. Transvaal
Hoofdklasse (4): 1950, 1951, 1962, 1965
Manager
S.V. Transvaal
Hoofdklasse (1): 1970
CONCACAF Champions Cup (2): 1973, 1981
References
2016 deaths
1933 births
Association football midfielders
Fortuna Sittard non-playing staff
People from Para District
Radio and television announcers
Suriname international footballers
Suriname national football team managers
Surinamese expatriates in the Netherlands
Surinamese footballers
Surinamese football managers
S.V. Transvaal managers
S.V. Transvaal players
SVB Eerste Divisie managers
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Surinamese radio journalists
The Cross of the Angels (, ) is a pre-romanesque Asturian reliquary donated by Alfonso II of Asturias in the year 808 to the Church of San Salvador in Oviedo, Asturias (Spain). The Cross of the Angels is the symbol of the city of Oviedo.
The cross is the first example of jewelry made in the Kingdom of Asturias that has reached our days. Its current appearance is the result of careful reconstruction carried out after the damages the cross underwent in August 1977 after the robbery of the Camara Santa.
Its squared dimensions (, wide and thick) are typical from Greek crosses. The cross is formed by two pieces of cedar wood with, at the center, a round disc.
History
The donation is usually interpreted as a sign of gratitude of the monarch after being restored to the throne, after the years of their incarceration in the monastery of Abelania.
Veneration of the True Cross in the Kingdom of Asturias
Reliquary
The lateral arms have kept the rings from which hang chains with pearls and precious stones, also known as pendilia, comparable to votive crosses and crowns of the Visigothic treasure of Guarrazar.
Symbol of the City of Oviedo
The Cross of the Angels became the symbol of the city of Oviedo around the 15th century, although it is said that even earlier, in 1262, it was used as a seal of the city. This is reflected in an engraving in the old city walls where the cross, with the Greek letters alpha and omega hanging of their arms, is used as a sign of consecration. Nowadays, the cross is present in the coat of arms of both the city of Oviedo and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oviedo.
Notes
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20090329231625/http://www.arqweb.com/lucusaugusti/sello.asp
http://el.tesorodeoviedo.es/index.php?title=Cruz_de_los_%C3%81ngeles
See also
Treasure of Guarrazar
External links
The Art of medieval Spain, A.D. 500-1200, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Cross of the Angels (no. 72)º
9th-century sculptures
Asturian culture
Crux gemmata
Reliquary crosses
Religion in Asturias
Spanish art
The Journal was an independent, fortnightly, local newspaper originally produced by students at seven major higher and further education institutes in Edinburgh. It was distributed at a number of locations across the city's universities and colleges, as well as at bars and cafés throughout the Scottish capital.
A lawyer from Grant Thornton LLP was appointed Interim Liquidator of The Edinburgh Journal Ltd by interlocutor of the Sheriff of Lothian and Borders at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on 23 July 2015 and a creditors meeting was held on 18 August 2015. According to The Herald (Glasgow), The Journal ceased to trade in the first half of 2015, a winding up petition was lodged following non-payment of debts and the liquidator hopes to achieve the best outcome for 'creditors and other stakeholders'.
Background
The Journal was inaugurated in November 2007 as an independent newspaper aimed primarily at students attending seven higher education institutes in the city: the University of Edinburgh, Napier University, Heriot-Watt University, Queen Margaret University, Edinburgh College of Art, Telford College and Stevenson College. The publication covered a variety of topics including local news and events, academic developments, national student news, and national politics, as well as university and professional sport across Edinburgh. It also included sections of commentary and feature writing, alongside reviews of local arts events. The publication was independent of all its target institutions, and was not affiliated with their associated students' unions. The publication was funded through advertising sales and subscriptions.
The Journal printed and distributed around 10,000 copies each fortnight throughout the academic year. Latterly it was printed by Mortons of Horncastle in tabloid format, the publication was originally produced as a Berliner, making it the first and only UK student newspaper to have published issues in this size.
Organisation
The paper was managed by a board of directors comprising three former staff members of the University of Edinburgh's newspaper, Student. A non-sabbatical editor oversaw production, while a general manager administered advertising and arranged additional sources of funding. Five deputy editors were responsible for the various sections of the publication, while content was submitted by students attending institutions in Edinburgh as well as prominent local and national journalists, politicians and commentators. Past contributors included Scottish First Minister, Alex Salmond, two-time journalist of the year, Phillip Knightley, and UN special investigator, Richard A. Falk. The staff also included a number of award-winning student journalists.
Website
Alongside the printed issue, The Journal provided a website to which content—including news updates, match reports and arts reviews— was added regularly. The website was relaunched in October 2008 with an improved design and additional features including an archive of the newspaper's past issues. It has now been closed down.
Awards
Since its inception in November 2007, The Journal had won two national awards and had received nominations for a total of eight honours.
NUS Scotland Awards
Winner: Best Student Media Award 2012
Winner: Student Journalist of the Year 2012 - Olivia Pires
Winner: Student Journalist of the Year 2013 - Gareth Llewellyn
Winner: Student Journalist of the Year 2014 - John Hewitt Jones
Scottish Student Journalism Awards 2012
Winner: Student Publication of the Year
Winner: Multimedia Publication of the Year
Winner: News Story of the Year - Alan Robertson
Winner: Scoop of the Year - Alan Robertson
Winner: Journalist of the Year - Alan Robertson
The Herald Student Press Awards
Winner: Best New Media
Highly Commended: Best Newspaper
The Guardian Student Media Awards
Winner: Publication Design of the Year
Nominated: Student Newspaper of the Year
Nominated: Student Publication Design of the Year
Nominated: Student Reporter of the Year - Miles Johnson
Scottish Magazine Awards
Periodical Publishers Association, Scotland
Nominated: Best Magazine, Small Publishing Company
Nominated: Editor of the Year, Consumer Magazine - Ben Judge
Competition
The Journal was distributed alongside two existing student newspapers, both of which are distributed to single institutions: the University of Edinburgh's The Student and Napier University's Veritas.
At the University of Edinburgh, the publication was initially refused permission to distribute inside university buildings by the Edinburgh University Students' Association, which cited concerns that the new publication may overlap editorially with the existing newspaper, The Student. However, following a large majority vote by students at the union's general meeting, February 2008, this decision was overturned. The Journal currently enjoys full distribution rights across the University of Edinburgh, as well as at the four further target institutions.
References
External links
The Journal
Clubs and societies of the University of Edinburgh
Edinburgh Napier University
Heriot-Watt University
Queen Margaret University
Edinburgh College of Art
Student newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Publications established in 2007
Mass media in Edinburgh
Newspapers published in Scotland
Andrew William Hayward is an English former footballer who played as either a midfielder or a striker.
Hayward started their career in non-league football, and their prolific goalscoring record soon attracted attention from bigger clubs. They turned professional at the age of 24, joining Rotherham United from Frickley Athletic in 1994. They played 120 league games in four seasons before leaving the club in 1998. Whilst at Rotherham they were a part of the team that won the 1996 Football League Trophy Final. They have since played for numerous teams in non-league football.
They signed for Hednesford Town, and had a brief loan spell with Doncaster Rovers. They then moved on to Barrow in February 1999, and helped the club secure survival in the Football Conference league when they scored the opening goal in a 2–1 win against Kidderminster Harriers on the last day of the season. They returned to their old club Frickley Athletic, before being signed by Bradford Park Avenue in September 2000 for a club record fee. They stayed there for several seasons before moving on to Stalybridge Celtic in March 2004. They stayed there until the summer of 2005, scoring 16 goals in 46 appearances.
They went on to play for Ossett Town, playing 53 times and scoring 32 goals, and North Ferriby United. They returned for a third spell at Frickley Athletic, this time as a player-assistant manager before joining Garforth Town.
They last played for Royston Railway in the Barnsley Sunday league football and currently works as a PE instructor at a school in Wakefield.
References
External links
Profile at doncasterrovers.co.uk
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Barnsley
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Woking F.C. players
Hednesford Town F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Stalybridge Celtic F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Ossett Town F.C. players
North Ferriby United A.F.C. players
Garforth Town A.F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Rita Aciro is a Ugandan human rights defender and executive director for Uganda Women's Network (UWONET). They were the recipient of the 2021 European Union Human Rights Defenders Award.
Background and Education
Aciro started their school life at Reparatrix Boarding school in Bugonge Entebbe, they thereafter joined Kololo secondary school for their secondary school education.
They entered Uganda women's network (UWONET) as an intern in 1997.
Career
Aciro has worked with communities and governments in East Africa on issues concerning girls and women leadership, women land rights, combating gender based violence, women peace building, civic and voter education plus election observation.
They have over 20 years of experience being at the forefront of advocacy and campaigning on the rights of women and girls.
In 2021 the European Union Human Rights Defenders Award, awarded annually to a Ugandan human rights defender, recognized their contribution to the rights of women and girls in Uganda and promotion of human rights and democratic values.
References
Living people
Ugandan human rights activists
Date of birth missing (living people)
Ugandan women activists
Gomirje is a settlement in north-western Croatia, situated at the far east of the mountainous region of Gorski kotar in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. It is part of the Vrbovsko municipality. The population is 343 (as of the 2011 census).
Demographics
Sights
Gomirje Monastery - the westernmost Serb Orthodox monastery
Notable natives and residents
Lazar Mamula (1795-1878) - baron, general in the general in Austro-Hungarian army and governor of Dalmatia
Bogdan Mamula (1918-2002) - antifascist, partisan and People's Hero of Yugoslavia
Desanka Đorđević (1927-2011) - dancer and folk dance choreographer in the National Ensemble of Folk Dances and Songs of Serbia, Ensemble "Kolo"
References
Populated places in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County
Serb communities in Croatia
Brenda Mwika Tambatamba is a Zambian politician.
Tambatamba was born on .
Tambatamba is a member of the National Assembly of Zambia for Kasempa.  They are a member of the United Party for National Development.
References
1961 births
Living people
Zambian politicians
United Party for National Development politicians
21st-century Zambian women politicians
21st-century Zambian politicians
Thermosyntropha is an anaerobic, thermophilic, and heterotrophic bacterial genus from the family of Syntrophomonadaceae.
References
Further reading
Eubacteriales
Bacteria genera
Thermophiles
Harold Phipps (15 January 1916 – 2000) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.
Career
Born in Dartford, Phipps started their professional career during the Second World War, with Charlton Athletic. During the war they also made guest appearances for Chelsea and Fulham. Following the resumption of the Football League in 1946, Phipps made 185 league appearances for Charlton, scoring twice.  They are perhaps better known for their appearances in the FA Cup; they were a losing finalist with Charlton in 1946, and was part of their cup-winning team in the following year's final. Phipps joined Watford in 1952, and went on to make 47 appearances in the Third Division South, scoring twice. They later player-managed non-league side Bexleyheath & Welling.
References
1916 births
2000 deaths
English footballers
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Bexley United F.C. players
English Football League players
Chelsea F.C. wartime guest players
Fulham F.C. wartime guest players
Association football defenders
FA Cup Final players
William R. Schreiber (born November 11, 1941) was a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. Schreiber was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Their wife Lona Minne also served in the Minnesota Legislature.
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Politicians from Minneapolis
Minnesota Republicans
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Tarnished Angel is a 1938 American drama film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Jo Pagano, based on a story by Saul Elkins. Starring Sally Eilers, Lee Bowman, Ann Miller, and Alma Kruger, the film was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released on October 28, 1938.
Plot
Cast
Sally Eilers as Carol Vinson
Lee Bowman as Paul Montgomery
Ann Miller as Violet 'Vi' McMaster
Alma Kruger as Mrs. Harry Stockton
Paul Guilfoyle as Edward 'Eddie' Fox
Jonathan Hale as Detective Sgt. Edward Cramer
Vinton Hayworth as Dan 'Dandy' Bennett
Cecil Kellaway as Reginald 'Reggie' Roland
References
External links
1938 drama films
1938 films
American drama films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
1930s American films
Bosun Ayeni (born 8 November 1978) is a retired Nigerian professional football midfielder.
On 2008-03-28 they were fired from SønderjyskE after headbutting teammate Kenneth Fabricius twice.
External links
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
Boldklubben Frem profile
Player Profile
1978 births
Living people
Yoruba sportspeople
Sportspeople from Lagos
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Lyngby Boldklub players
Boldklubben Frem players
FC Nordsjælland players
AC Horsens players
Danish Superliga players
Liga I players
Shooting Stars S.C. players
Brønshøj Boldklub players
Association football midfielders
SønderjyskE Fodbold players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Adler-32 is a checksum algorithm written by Mark Adler in 1995, modifying Fletcher's checksum. Compared to a cyclic redundancy check of the same length, it trades reliability for speed (preferring the latter). Adler-32 is more reliable than Fletcher-16, and slightly less reliable than Fletcher-32.
History
The Adler-32 checksum is part of the widely used zlib compression library, as both were developed by Mark Adler.
A "rolling checksum" version of Adler-32 is used in the rsync utility.
Calculation
An Adler-32 checksum is obtained by calculating two 16-bit checksums A and B and concatenating their bits into a 32-bit integer. A is the sum of all bytes in the stream plus one, and B is the sum of the individual values of A from each step.
At the beginning of an Adler-32 run, A is initialized to 1, B to 0. The sums are done modulo 65521 (the largest prime number smaller than 216). The bytes are stored in network order (big endian), B occupying the two most significant bytes.
The function may be expressed as
A = 1 + D1 + D2 + ... + Dn (mod 65521)
B = (1 + D1) + (1 + D1 + D2) + ... + (1 + D1 + D2 + ... + Dn) (mod 65521)
= n×D1 + (n−1)×D2 + (n−2)×D3 + ... + Dn + n (mod 65521)
Adler-32(D) = B × 65536 + A
where D is the string of bytes for which the checksum is to be calculated, and n is the length of D.
Example
The Adler-32 sum of the ASCII string "Wikipedia" would be calculated as follows:
A = 920 = 0x398 (base 16)
B = 4582 = 0x11E6
Output = 0x11E6 << 16 + 0x398 = 0x11E60398 = 300286872
The modulo operation had no effect in this example, since none of the values reached 65521.
Comparison with the Fletcher checksum
The first difference between the two algorithms is that Adler-32 sums are calculated modulo a prime number, whereas Fletcher sums are calculated modulo 24−1, 28−1, or 216−1 (depending on the number of bits used), which are all composite numbers. Using a prime number makes it possible for Adler-32 to catch differences in certain combinations of bytes that Fletcher is unable to detect.
The second difference, which has the largest effect on the speed of the algorithm, is that the Adler sums are computed over 8-bit bytes rather than 16-bit words, resulting in twice the number of loop iterations. This results in the Adler-32 checksum taking between one-and-a-half to two times as long as Fletcher's checksum for 16-bit word aligned data. For byte-aligned data, Adler-32 is faster than a properly implemented Fletcher's checksum (e.g., one found in the Hierarchical Data Format).
Example implementation
In C, an inefficient but straightforward implementation is :
const uint32_t MOD_ADLER = 65521;
uint32_t adler32(unsigned char *data, size_t len)
/*
where data is the location of the data in physical memory and
len is the length of the data in bytes
*/
{
uint32_t a = 1, b = 0;
size_t index;
// Process each byte of the data in order
for (index = 0; index < len; ++index)
{
a = (a + data[index]) % MOD_ADLER;
b = (b + a) % MOD_ADLER;
}
return (b << 16) | a;
}
See the zlib source code for a more efficient implementation that requires a fetch and two additions per byte, with the modulo operations deferred with two remainders computed every several thousand bytes, a technique first discovered for Fletcher checksums in 1988. provides a similar optimization, with the addition of a trick that delays computing the "15" in 65536 - 65521 so that modulos become faster: it can be shown that is equivalent to the naive accumulation.
Advantages and disadvantages
Like the standard CRC-32, the Adler-32 checksum can be forged easily and is therefore unsafe for protecting against intentional modification.
It's faster than CRC-32 on many platforms.
Adler-32 has a weakness for short messages with a few hundred bytes, because the checksums for these messages have a poor coverage of the 32 available bits.
Weakness
Adler-32 is weak for short messages because the sum A does not wrap. The maximum sum of a 128-byte message is 32640, which is below the value 65521 used by the modulo operation, meaning that roughly half of the output space is unused, and the distribution within the used part is nonuniform. An extended explanation can be found in , which mandates the use of
CRC32C instead of Adler-32 for SCTP, the Stream Control Transmission Protocol. Adler-32 has also been shown to be weak for small incremental changes, and also weak for strings generated from a common prefix and consecutive numbers (like auto-generated label names by typical code generators).
See also
List of hash functions
Notes
External links
– specification, contains example C code
ZLib – implements the Adler-32 checksum in adler32.c
Chrome – uses an SIMD implementation of Adler-32 adler32_simd.c
– information about the short message weakness and related change to SCTP
Checksum algorithms
In mathematics, in triangle geometry, Neuberg cubic is a special cubic plane curve in the plane of the reference triangle having several remarkable properties. It is a triangle cubic in that it is associated with the reference triangle. It is named after Joseph Jean Baptiste Neuberg (30 October 1840 – 22 March 1926), a Luxembourger mathematician, who first introduced the curve in a paper published in 1884. The curve appears as the first item, with identification number K001, in Bernard Gilbert's Catalogue of Triangle Cubics which is a compilation of extensive information about more than 1200 triangle cubics.
Definitions
The Neuberg cubic can be defined as a locus in many different ways. One way is to define it as a locus of a point P in the plane of the reference triangle ABC such that, if the reflections of P in the sidelines of triangle ABC are P_a, P_b, P_c, then the lines AP_a, BP_b and CP_c are concurrent. However, it needs to be proved that the locus so defined is indeed a cubic curve. A second way is to define it as the locus of point P such that if Oa, Ob, Oc are the circumcenters of triangles BPC, CPA and APB, then the lines AOa, BOb and Oc are concurrent. Yet another way is to define it as the locus of P satisfying the following property known as the quadrangles involutifs (this was the way in which Neuberg introduced the curve):
Equation
Let a, b, c be the side lengths of the reference triangle ABC. Then the equation of the Neuberg cubic of ABC in barycentric coordinates x : y : z is
Other terminology: 21-point curve, 37-point curve
In the older literature the Neuberg curve commonly referred to as the 21-point curve. The terminology refers to the property of the curve discovered by Neuberg themselves that it passes through certain special 21 points associated with the reference triangle. Assuming that the reference triangle is ABC, the 21 points are as listed below.
The vertices A, B, C
The reflections A_a, B_b, C_c of the vertices A, B, C in the opposite sidelines
The orthocentre H
The circumcenter O
The three points D_a, D_b, D_c where D_a is the reflection of A in the line joining Qbc and Qcb where Qbc is the intersection of the perpendicular bisector of AC with AB and Qcb is the intersection of the perpendicular bisector of AB with AC; D_b and D_c are defined similarly
The six vertices A', B', C', A' ', B' ' and C' ' of the equilateral triangles constructed on the sides of triangle ABC
The two isogonic centers (the points X(13) and X(14) in the Encyclopedia of Triangle Centers)
The two isodynamic points (the points X(15) and X(16) in the Encyclopedia of Triangle Centers)
The attached figure shows the Neuberg cubic of triangle ABC with all the above mentioned 21 special points on it.
In a paper published in 1925, B. H. Brown reported their discovery of 16 additional special points on the Neuberg cubic making the total number of then known special points on the cubic 37. Because of this, the Neuberg cubic is also sometimes referred to as the 37-point cubic. Currently, a huge number of special points are known to lie on the Neuberg cubic. Gilbert's Catalogue has a special page dedicated to a listing of such special points which are also triangle centers.
Some properties of the Neuberg cubic
Neuberg cubic as a circular cubic
The equation in trilinear coordinates of the line at infinity in the plane of the reference triangle is
There are two special points on this line called the circular points at infinity. Every circle in the plane of the triangle passes through these two points and every conic which passes through these points is a circle. The trilinear coordinates of these points are
where . Any cubic curve which passes through the two circular points at infinity is called a circular cubic. The Neuberg cubic is a circular cubic.
Neuberg cubic as a pivotal isogonal cubic
The isogonal conjugate of a point P with respect to a triangle ABC is the point of concurrence of the reflections of the lines PA, PB, and PC about the angle bisectors of A, B, and C respectively. The isogonal conjugate of P is sometimes denoted by P*. The isogonal conjugate of P* is P. A self-isogonal cubic is a triangle cubic that is invariant under isogonal conjugation. A pivotal isogonal cubic is a cubic in which points P lying on the cubic and their isogonal conjugates are collinear with a fixed point Q known as the pivot point of the cubic. The Neuberg cubic is a pivotal isogonal cubic having its pivot at the intersection of the Euler line with the line at infinity. In Kimberling's Encyclopedia of Triangle Centers, this point is denoted by X(30).
Neuberg cubic as a pivotol orthocubic
Let P be a point in the plane of triangle ABC. The perpendicular lines at P to AP, BP, CP intersect BC, CA, AB respectively at P_a, P_b, P_c and these points lie on a line L_P. Let the trilinear pole of L_P be P. An isopivotal cubic is a triangle cubic having the property that there is a fixed point P such that, for any point M on the cubic, the points P, M, M are collinear. The fixed point P is called the orthopivot of the cubic. The Neuberg cubic is an orthopivotal cubic with orthopivot at the triangle's circumcenter.
Additional reading
Abdikadir Altintas, On Some Properties Of Neuberg Cubic
References
Triangle geometry
Elsie Randolph (9 December 1904 – 15 October 1982) was an English actor, singer and dancer. Randolph was born and died in London.
 They are best remembered for their partnership with Jack Buchanan in several stage and film musicals. They also appeared in two of Alfred Hitchcock's British films, made 40 years apart.
One of their final roles was a guest part in the 1981 television series Funny Man set in the music halls of the late 1920s.
Them papers are in the collection of the University of Birmingham that also has performance details in its collection.
Theatre credits (all London productions)
1919 The Girl for the Boy
1920 The Naughty Princess
1921 My Nieces
1922 Their Girl
1923 Battling Buttler
1924
Toni
Madame Pompadour
1925 Boodle
1926 Sunny
1927 Peggy-Ann
1928 That's a Good Girl
1929 Follow Through
1930
The Co-Optimists
The Wonder Bar
1931 Stand Up and Sing''''
1934 Mr. Whittington1935 Charlot's Char-a-Bang1936 This'll Make You Whistle1942 The Maid of the Mountains 1943 It's Time To Dance 1945 Great DayFilm credits
Rich and Strange (1931) as The Old Maid
Life Goes On (1932) as Phoebe Selsey
Brother Alfred (1932) as Mamie
Yes, Mr Brown (1933) as Anne Weber
That's a Good Girl (1933) as Joy Dean
Night of the Garter (1933) as Jenny Warwick
This'll Make You Whistle (1936) as Bobbie Rivers
Smash and Grab (1937) as Alice Thornby / Alice Forrest
Cheer the Brave (1951) as Doris Wilson
Riders in the Sky (1968) as Nurse Henderson
Frenzy (1972) as Gladys
Television appearances
Harpers West One (1962)
The Jimmy Logan Show (1969)
Fraud Squad (1970)
ITV Sunday Night Theatre (1971)
Beryl's Lot (1973)
Father Brown (1974)
Within These Walls (1974–1978)
Thriller (1975)
Z Cars (1976)
Seven Faces of Woman (1977)
Edward & Mrs. Simpson (1978)
Quatermass (1979)
Company and Co (1980)
ITV Playhouse (1981)
Funny Man (1981)
BBC2 Playhouse (1981)
Bibliography
Stanley Green Encyclopedia of the Musical Theatre, Dodd, Mead, 1976
Peter Gammond The Oxford Companion To Popular Music'', Oxford University Press, 1991
References
External links
Elsie Randolph performances in University of Bristol Theatre Archive
Elsie Randolph Collection, University of Birmingham
1904 births
1982 deaths
English stage actores
English film actores
Actresses from London
20th-century English actores
Mandollia is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae, found in Africa. Two of its species were originally placed in Rhembastus.
Species
Mandollia affinis (Jacoby, 1900)
Mandollia isoensis Selman, 1972
Mandollia semibrunneus (Jacoby, 1901)
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Africa
Biz's Baddest Beats is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released on July 1, 1994, on Cold Chillin' Records.
Track listing
"One Two"- 2:20
"Make the Music With Your Mouth, Biz"- 4:56
"Biz Dance, Pt. 1"- 3:38
"Nobody Beats the Biz"- 5:42
"Just Rhymin' With Biz"- 4:01
"Pickin' Boogers"- 4:42
"Biz Is Goin' Off"- 4:50
"Vapors"- 4:33
"This Is Something for the Radio"- 5:14
"Just a Friend"- 4:00
"Spring Again"- 4:03
"What Comes Around Goes"- 4:05
"Let Me Turn You On"- 5:33
"Young Girl Bluez"- 4:07
"The Doo Doo"- 2:23
References
Biz Markie albums
1994 compilation albums
Gustav Waldemar Sjölander Johnson (January 6, 1908 – March 18, 1988) was a Swedish painter, printmaker and sculptor, who developed most of their career in Mexico. They immigrated to the country just after World War II, after establishing themselves as an artist in their native Sweden. Their career included individual exhibitions in venues such as the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico and the Konstakademin in Sweden, with their works held by museums in Mexico and Europe.
Life
Sjölander was born on January 6, 1908 in Gothenburg, Sweden, the son of an engineer and inventor of locks for safes. As a child, they studied at the Free School of Fine Arts with Albert Edh and at the Valand Art School with Tor Bjurstrom. They also traveled with their father on business, which allowed them to study in other parts of Europe such as Denmark, Norway and France. In the 1920s, as a teenager, they were traveling as a sailor, traditional for young men of the country. During this decade they visited Veracruz and other Gulf ports of Mexico various times.
Their visits to Mexico impressed them and by the end of the 1930s they decided to immigrate to the country, but World War II delayed their plans. During this war, they became an officer in a cavalry regiment along Sweden's border with Finland, studying Spanish from an old grammar book in their free time.
Sjölander became one of many fine artists that immigrated to Mexico in the 20th century. After they left their country at the end of the war, they first went to Cuba, where they stayed for a year. In 1947, they arrived again to Veracruz. They were attracted to Mexico as a kind of "tropical paradise" relatively unaffected by the vices of civilization and also free from the long winters of Sweden. Eager to explore their new home, the traveled the country, to Mexico City, Guadalajara, Tehuantepec, Juchitán and San Blas for two years, creating more than 200 paintings and many more drawings. They were particularly impressed with the landscapes in Oaxaca, but eventually settled in Mexico City.
Sjölander died in Mexico City on March 18, 1988 at the age of 80.
Career
Sjölander began their artistic career in Sweden. They began creating prints, especially lithography in the mid 1940s, and to survive often had to paint cafes and other commercial establishments. In 1944, they had an individual exhibition at the Olsen Art Gallery, then at the Modern Art Gallery in 1945 and 1946. These exhibitions made them an established artist in their home country.
After arriving in Mexico, Diego Rivera and José Clemente Orozco helped the artist get their first individual exhibition in Mexico with the then Museo Nacional de Artes Plásticas of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1948, followed by another in 1950, where their work received favorable reviews. Other important individual exhibitions include another at the same museum in 1960, the Palacio de Bellas Artes in 1965 and 1969, the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana in 1957, 1958 and 1967, the Mer-Kup Gallery in Mexico City in 1966 and 1968 and the Konstakademie in Sweden in 1961. They also participated in numerous collective exhibitions in Mexico and countries such as Japan, France, Hungary and Cuba. Many of these were biennale events such as the Salón Annual de Pintura y Grabado in Mexico City in 1958, the International Biennale of Painting, Sculpture and Engraving in 1960, various biennales of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes for sculpture in the 1960s, the International Printing Biennale in Tokyo in 1960 and 1972 and the São Paulo Biennale in 1961 and 1972. In 1982 they were elected to the selection committee for the Triennial of Sculpture.
Sjölander's works can be found in the collection of the National Museum of Sweden, the Modern Art Museum of Stockholm, the Tessin Museum in Paris, the Gothenburg Museum, the Museo de Arte Moderno, the Palacio de Bellas Artes, the National Museum of Rhodesia and the Casa de las Américas in Cuba.
In addition to producing art for which they never accepted the help of a patron, Sjölander also taught at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda" (1971-1985) and at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas (1977-1985). In 1985 they joined the Centro de Investigación y Experimentación Plástica.
Sjölander's work was recognized with various distinctions during their lifetime, including Knight's Decoration First Class from their home country of Sweden in 1959, membership in the Order of Saint Michael in France in the 1960s along with membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. They received the Xipe-Totec award at the First National Sculpture Biennale in 1962 and the first sculpture prize from the Salon de la Plástica Mexicana in 1971. Retrospectives of their work include one at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in 1985, one from the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes in 1991 and at the Museo Dolores Olmedo in 1998.
Artistry
Sjölander painted, sculpted and did printmaking during their career, designing over 500 of the tools they used. In painting they worked in oils and in printing they worked in etching, dry point, lithography and monotype . They sculpted three-dimensional works along with reliefs (his specialty) in plaster, bronze and wood, with wood their most expressive medium. They often obtained their materials on their travels in Mexico, such as mahogany from Veracruz.
The artist's work, especially their painting, is noted for its use of color. In Sweden theirs was a member of a group called the "Colorists of Gothenburg" as an art movement in that country, which experimented with colors not before used there. When they arrived to Mexico, nature and the colors common in Mexico were very different from their home country and changes to their art began almost immediately, although in both places nature played a dominant role. Their earlier work used bolder colors than later work, which became more subtle and delicate. Fernando Gamboa wrote that "His autonomy lies in their color, in the rich hues that never shatter the surface of the painting; the balance and originality of their sculptures reveal a unique resolution of form and style.
A large number of their paintings, reliefs and engraving relate to man and landscape, with only a few portraits such as one of their wife, Aurora, in 1952. Their early work was more figurative, showing influence from Edvard Munch (who they met in Oslo), Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse and Pierre Bonnard and northern European Expressionism, due to their formal training. Although they were of the age of the Mexican Muralists, in Mexico they became part of the following Generación de la Ruptura. Their work gradually became less figurative. By the end of the 1950s and early 1960s, the human figure began to divide and by the 1970s and early 1980s they work was more of an abstract analysis of form with silhouettes.
External links
References
20th-century Swedish painters
Swedish male painters
Swedish printmakers
Swedish male sculptors
20th-century Mexican painters
Mexican male painters
Mexican printmakers
Mexican sculptors
Male sculptors
Artists from Mexico City
People from Gothenburg
National Autonomous University of Mexico faculty
1908 births
1988 deaths
Swedish emigrants to Mexico
Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda" faculty
20th-century sculptors
20th-century printmakers
20th-century Mexican male artists
20th-century Swedish male artists
The following lists events that happened during 1903 in Afghanistan.
The year passes quietly, without any internal disturbances, and nothing more is heard, or at least made public, about the attempt of Russia to establish direct intercourse between its own and the Afghan frontier officials for commercial purposes. The amir appoints their brother, Sardar Nasrullah Khan, commander-in-chief, and they order the construction of a line of fortified serais from Dacca to Kabul, from Kabul to Kotal Manjan, in Badakhshan, from Kabul to the Oxus, and from Balkh to Bala Murghab, on the Russian frontier.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
February 4, 1903
Maj. Henry McMahon, the British officer appointed to settle the boundary dispute between Persia and Afghanistan, reaches the Helmand, and is joined by the Afghan commissioner on February 12. The work is said to proceed satisfactorily. A joint Afghan and British commission was appointed to demarcate the boundary between the two countries, from Nawa Kila, where Richard Udny left off in 1895, to the Peiwar, where Mr. Donald began on the Kurram side.
Early 1903
The amir is compelled to abandon their project of forming a bodyguard of Afridis owing to the jealousy which it excited, and those who were enlisted are disbanded and sent back to their homes, and their rifles are taken back from them.
September 1903
There is a severe outbreak of cholera at Kabul, which proves fatal to more than one of the amirs leading officials. The amir themselves remains in Kabul throughout the outbreak, doing their utmost to allay the alarm, and personally superintending sanitary reforms.
October 1903
Thirty-six sepoys are tried by court-martial at Kabul on charges of inciting to rebellion, and are put to death in the presence of all the troops.
October 16, 1903
The amir holds a great durbar in honour of their accession, and speaks in praise of the mullahs, whom they are said to greatly favour generally.
Late 1903
It is reported that the amirs half-brother, Mohammad Omar, is suspected of intriguing against him, and that there is a serious dispute between the amir and Mohammad Omar's mother about family jewels.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The Edward Snowden revelation that the Communications Security Establishment (CSE), without a warrant, used free airport Wi-Fi service to gather the communications of all travellers using the service and to track them after they had left the airport sparked an ongoing concern about mass surveillance in Canada. The number of Canadians affected by this surveillance is unknown apparently even to the Canadian Security Intelligence Service.
Key Government Bodies
Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSE)
The Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSE) is Canada's signals intelligence agency. The agency is responsible for foreign signals intelligence and for protecting the Canadian government's electronic information and communication networks. It reports to the Minister of National Defence, who is in turn accountable to Cabinet and Parliament. CSE is part of the Five Eyes, or the alliance of spying agencies of the United States, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and Canada.
CSE originated in World War II, as a military signals corps meant to collect foreign intelligence signals. The agency only came into public awareness, however, with the 1974 CBC TV documentary The Fifth Estate: The Espionage Establishment. Since the events of 9/11 and Canada's subsequent 2001 Anti-Terrorism Act, the CSE's capacities have expanded significantly, in terms of legal mandate, available technology, and financial resources. Today, it employs roughly 2000 people and its estimated 2015-2016 budget was $1.075 billion. The agency expects a net increase of $59.5 million in federal funding in the coming year
The 2001 Anti-Terrorism Act amended the National Defence Act to establish the CSE's mandate as follows:
To acquire and use information from the global information infrastructure for the purpose of providing foreign intelligence, in accordance with Government of Canada intelligence priorities.
To provide advice, guidance and services to help ensure the protection of electronic information and of information infrastructures of importance to the Government of Canada.
To provide technical and operational assistance to federal law enforcement and security agencies in the performance of their lawful duties.
CSE is bound by the Canadian Criminal Code, the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the Privacy Act, and all Canadian laws. The agency cannot legally intercept the private communications of Canadians, except for foreign communications that originate or end in Canada. Ministerial authority for such interception is given on a case-by-case basis. Additionally, for reasons of national security, the Security of Information Act permanently binds CSE employees to secrecy, meaning they cannot legally disclose certain information without special authorization.
Per CSE's own description, all of the agency's activities must be necessary to fulfill their relevant mandate; proportionate to the risk being mitigated or the foreign intelligence of interest; effective at protecting the privacy of Canadians; and as minimally intrusive as possible.
The agency is overseen by the CSE Commissioner's Office, which conducts an annual review of CSE activities and their compliance with the law and ministerial authority. The CSE Commissioner can issue recommendations as to the CSE's conduct, which are then, in theory, implemented by the Minister of Defence. To date, the Commissioner has yet to find any CSE activities to be in violation of Canadian law.
Metadata surveillance
CSE is responsible for the Canadian government's metadata surveillance program. Even though metadata does not include the content of the communication itself, it yields a substantial amount of information about its source devices, users and transmissions.
A national security measure to track patterns of suspicious activity, the Canadian metadata surveillance program was first implemented in 2005 by secret decree. It was then suspended for a year in 2008, amid concerns that the program could amount to unwarranted surveillance of innocent Canadians. However, the program was renewed in 2011 via ministerial directive from then-Defence Minister Peter MacKay. The program was broadly approved by the CSE Commissioner at the time.
CSE claims that it does not collect or use metadata to target Canadians without a warrant, as doing so would violate the National Defence Act. The agency holds that only uses metadata to identify foreign intelligence targets and their social networks, and possible cyber threats. However, CSE acknowledges that the subsets of metadata that it legitimately collects may inadvertently include metadata on the private communications of Canadians. To reduce this allegedly inevitable incursion of privacy, the agency takes measures such as limiting the length of time that metadata can be stored, restricting access to metadata to authorized CSE personnel, redacting any identifying information about Canadians when sharing intelligence with allies, and cooperating with the CSE commissioner's review of activities.
Snowden Revelations
NSA spying at G20 and G8
Wireless device tracking of Canadian airline passengers
Project Levitation
Canadian email monitoring
The Canadian government actively collects and retains all e-mail traffic sent or received in the country. (Edward Snowden revelations)
Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS)
Oversight
Communications Security Establishment Commissioner
Security Intelligence Review Committee
Legal Framework
CSIS Act
National Defence Act
2001 Anti-Terrorism Act
2015 Anti-Terrorism Act (Bill C-51)
Privacy Act
References
Canada
Law enforcement in Canada
Human rights abuses in Canada
Cameraria caryaefoliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada, and the United States (including Georgia, Illinois, Florida, Kentucky, New York, Texas, Vermont, Wisconsin, Connecticut and Pennsylvania).
The wingspan is 6–7 mm. Adults are small and have reddish-orange forewings with three silvery-white bands. There are three generations per year.
The larvae feed on Carya species (including Carya cordiformis, Carya glabra, Carya illinoinensis, Carya ovata and Carya tomentosa) and Juglans species (including Juglans cinerea and Juglans nigra). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an irregular, white blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. Some are as large as 12–13 mm in diameter. The young larva is a sap feeder (on juices from the underlying cells that contain chlorophyll) during the first instar and forms a flat, epidermal, linear, pale green mine that is hardly noticeable. This linear mine gradually widens into a blotch mine and becomes more noticeable as the larvae change from sap feeders to tissue feeders. At this time, mines may appear as light-to-dark brown blisters on leaflets. Fresh mines are sometimes whitish and very noticeable. They are often referred to as frog eye. Blotch mines near the leaf edge are often a little drawn or puckered and thus tent-like in appearance.
Larvae pupate in flat, oval cocoons of densely woven silk within the upper blotch mine. The pupa wriggles free of the cocoon and breaks through the upper leaf surface.
References
External links
Cameraria at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1859
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Boarhills is a hamlet close to Kingsbarns in the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland. It is located off the A917 road, from St Andrews and from Crail, close to the mouth of Kenly Water with the North Sea.
History
Boarhills Church, built in 1866–67, stands apart from the village, with a large bellcote at its western end. Boarhills had a primary school, built in 1815 and which closed in the 1990s.
Boarhills had a railway station on the North British Railway line from Thornton Junction to St Andrews via Crail. The station closed to passengers on 22 September 1930 and to goods on 5 October 1964. The line was closed completely on 6 September 1965. This station was sited to the south of the A917.
Buddo Rock is a sandstone sea stack on a raised beach close to Boarhills, from Buddo Ness, accessible by the Fife Coastal Path. Nearby is a former lifeboat station, built between 1860 and 1890.
Notable residents
Boarhills has been home to three directors of the Gatty Marine Laboratory: James Munro Dodd, Adrian Horridge and Prof Michael Laverack (1960–85).
References
Villages in Fife
Money Island or Ngwe Kyun () is an island in the Mergui Archipelago of Taninthayi Region, Myanmar.
Geography
Money Island lies between Letsok-aw Island to the south and Sabi (Trotter) Island to the north. The passage between Sabi and Money Island is quite shallow. The principal village on the island is Kyauk Lait, on the southeast coast. The other large village is on the northeast coast. The island is heavily forested and has small bays with sandy beaches on the west side.
References
Mergui Archipelago
Tanintharyi Region
Diaphoroplax biramosus is a rare species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.
Distribution
New Zealand
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Mopaliidae
Chitons described in 1835
Eddy Gragus (born February 15 1968 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a former professional cyclist. In 1994 they won the Tour of Yugoslavia as an amateur. In 1996 they won the USPRO National Road Race Championships, and a stage on the Tour of China. In 1999 they won the USPRO Saturn Tour. They raced professionally for the Montgomery Bell Professional Cycling Team and U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team among others.
Amateur Cycling career
Eddy began racing bicycles during their senior year in high school in Tampa, Florida. In 1991, aged 22, they moved to France and raced as an elite amateur throughout Europe. In 1994 they won the Tour of Yugoslavia.
Professional career
Eddy turned professional in 1995 with the Montgomery Bell Professional Cycling Team under their formative coach, Eddie Borysewicz. In their first year as a professional they won the second stage of the Tour of Poland, holding the leaders jersey until the penultimate stage when a crash left them 10th on the GC. In 1996 the team changed title sponsors and became the U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, which subsequently became known as the Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team. In their second year as a professional Eddy won the biggest one-day event on the US Professional calendar, the USPRO National Road Race Championships in Philadelphia, PA. They also won a stage on the Tour of China. Outside Magazine Online ran daily journal entries from Eddy's first grand tour, the 1997 Vuelta a España - (See below).
Eddy raced for US Postal for 1997 and went on to race for several other Professional teams such as Oil-Me, Ikon-Lexus, Jelly Belly and Sierra Nevada. In 1999 they won the USPRO Saturn Tour.
In 2003 they won the Descente Boulder Criterium with the Trek-VW team.
Major results
1995
1st TT Stage Tour of Poland
KOM CoreState USPRO Road Championship (100 mile solo breakaways)
10th Tour of Poland (held leaders jersey for six stages)
1996
1st CoreState US Pro Championship
KOM Thrift Drug Classic
4th CoreState Trenton Classic
1997
KOM Circuit de la Sarthe (France)
1st Stage Redlands Classic
1998
4th(x2) Stage Tour de Lankawi
1999
1st Saturn USPRO Tour
1st Stage Fitchburg Longjo Stage Race
2nd GC Fitchburg Longjo Stage Race
2nd First Union Trenton CLassic
Member of US World Championship National Team (Verona, Italy)
2000
2nd GC Sea Otter Classic Stage Race
Personal life
Since retirement Eddy has married, has two kids and become a Corporate Tax Manager (with focus on transfer pricing) and resides in Colorado.
References
External links
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 1
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 2
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 3
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 4
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 5
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 6
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 7
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 8
Outside Online Magazine - 1997 Vuelta a España, The diary of Eddy Gragus, stage 9
American male cyclists
American cycling road race champions
Sportspeople from Tampa, Florida
Sportspeople from Cleveland
1968 births
Living people
Gilles Rampillon (born 28 July 1953 in Aubiers) is a French former professional footballer.  They are a historic player of FC Nantes.
External links
Profile
1953 births
Living people
French footballers
France international footballers
FC Nantes players
AS Cannes players
Ligue 1 players
Association football forwards
A deck prism is a prism inserted into the deck of a ship to provide light down below.
For centuries, sailing ships used deck prisms to provide a safe source of natural sunlight to illuminate areas below decks. Before electricity, light below a vessel's deck was provided by candles, oil and kerosene lamps—all dangerous aboard a wooden ship. The deck prism laid flush into the deck, the glass prism refracted and dispersed natural light into the space below from a small deck opening without weakening the planks or becoming a fire hazard.
In normal usage, the prism hangs below the overhead and disperses the light sideways; the top is flat and installed flush with the deck, becoming part of the deck. The lens shapes were naturally derived from the process of handmaking the glass on an 'iron' and would have predated the ability to manufacture flat glass. (A plain flat glass window would just form a single bright spot below—not very useful for general illumination—hence the prismatic shape.)
To maximize light output, the glass used was originally made colorless with the addition of manganese dioxide; the purple hue of some specimens is caused by decades of exposure to UV.
Aboard colliers (coal ships), prisms were also used to keep check on the cargo hold: light from a fire would be collected by the prism and be made visible on the deck even in daylight.
The names "deck light", "dead light" or "deadlight" are sometimes used, though the latter is uncommon as a reference to prisms, as more often refers to non-opening plain-glass panels. Deadlights were commonplace for lighting underground vaults in the 19th century, in which application they were also called "pavement lights" (UK) or "vault lights" (US).
See also
Prism lighting
Prism glass
Porthole
Daylighting
Liter of Light
References
Prism
Prisms (optics)
Energy-saving lighting
Isidore-Alexandre-Augustin Pils (1815–1875) was a French academic painter of religious and military subjects.
Biography
Pils was born in Paris as the son of a soldier François Pils. At the age of twelve, they studied with Guillaume Guillon-Lethière for four years.
In 1831 they became a student at the École des Beaux-Arts and studied under François-Édouard Picot. They competed for the Prix de Rome, which they won in 1838 for a history painting, St. Peter Healing a Lame Man at the Door of the Temple. Although in poor health, Pils then spent the customary three years at the French Academy in Rome at the Villa Medici, which then had Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres as its director. While in Italy they visited Naples, Venice, and Florence.
Pils's earlier paintings have religious themes. In 1849 they completed their most famous work, Rouget de L'Isle Singing La Marseillaise, which now resides at the Musée historique de Strasbourg. After experiences travelling with French troops through the Crimea, their themes took on military and nationalistic subjects. They later produced many military scenes during the siege of Paris during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870.
Pils was appointed professor of painting at the École des Beaux-Arts in 1863 but left the same year for two years in Algeria. In 1868 they were elected to seat #14 of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. Among their students were Adrien Moreau, Paul Adolphe Rajon, Julien Dupré, Luc-Olivier Merson, Ludovic Piette, Édouard Joseph Dantan and László Mednyánszky Henry-Lionel Brioux.
Among their other work, Pils painted part of the ceiling of the grand staircase of the Palais Garnier, in four panels titled The Gods of Olympus, Apollo in Their Chariot, Triumph of Harmony, and Apotheosis of the Opera, completed the year of their death. The following year they were the subject of a biography by Louis Becq de Fouquières.
Pils died in Douarnenez and is buried in section 54 of Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Gallery
Notes
Some content on this page is translated from its French equivalent. Accessed 3/11/2010
1815 births
1875 deaths
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
École des Beaux-Arts faculty
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
19th-century French painters
French male painters
Prix de Rome for painting
19th-century French male artists
The Seth Low was a fireboat built for the Brooklyn Fire Department in Brooklyn, New York, which operated from 1885 to 1917. Prior to their commissioning the Brooklyn Fire Department had relied on fireboats from neighboring municipality New York City. Unlike their opposite number of the New York City Fire Department (FDNY), which had hulls of iron, or steel, the Seth Low was a wooden-hulled vessel.
Them namesake Seth Low was the 23rd mayor of Brooklyn from 1882 to 1885 and later served as the 92nd mayor of New York City from 1902 to 1903.
The Seth Low had a small lounge for their officers in the bows, and a small bunkroom, with four bunks, for off-duty sailors in the stern.
See also
Fireboats in New York City
References
External links
Fireboats of New York City
Khan Abdul Ghani Khan (; – 15 March 1996) was a Pashtun philosopher, poet, artist, writer and politician. They were a son of Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a prominent British Raj-era Indian independence activist. Throughout their life as a poet in both British India and Afghanistan, Khan was known by the titles Lewanay Pālsapay () and Da īlam Samander ().
Life
Khan was born in Hashtnagar, in the Frontier Tribal Areas of British India—roughly located in the modern-day village of Utmanzai in Charsadda District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. They were a son of Abdul Ghaffar Khan, a prominent Indian independence activist, and was the elder brother of Abdul Wali Khan. Khan's wife, Roshan, was from a Parsi family and was the daughter of Nawab Rustam Jang a prince of Hyderabad. They went to study at the art academy at Rabindranath Tagore's University in Shantiniketan, where they developed a liking for painting and sculpture. They visited England and studied sugar technology in the United States, after which they returned to British India and started working at the Takht Bhai Sugar Mills in Takht Bhai in 1933. Largely owing to their father's influence, Khan was also involved in politics, supporting the cause of the Pashtuns of British India. Due to their activism, Khan was arrested by the Government of Pakistan in 1948—although they had given up politics by then—and remained in prison till 1954, in various jails all over the country. It was during these years that they wrote their poem collection, Da Panjray Chaghaar, which they considered to be the best work of their life. Their contribution to literature (often unpublished) was ignored by the Pakistani government for much of their life; although near the end of their life, their works did receive much praise and as well as an award—for their contributions to Pashto literature and painting, the then-President of Pakistan, Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, conferred on them the Sitara-i-Imtiaz on 23 March 1980.
Political Life and Imprisonment
During a part of Ghani Khan's life, modern-day Pakistan did not exist. India was under British rule (hence called British India) and was fighting for its independence from the British. On 15 August 1947, India finally gained its independence. And a day before, on 14 August 1947, Pakistan had been born, becoming independent of British India. Hence, before all this independence, the Pashtuns who are now in Pakistan (all except the Swati Pashtuns, since Swat was an independent, princely state until 1964) were under the rule of British India before the partition of India and Pakistan. This is where and why Bacha Khan's work was significant.
As for Ghani Khan, they were initially influenced by their father's political struggles and thus worked for the independence of the Pashtuns ruled by British India. However, they later came to disagree with their father's ideologies (he stopped supporting the idea of nonviolent resistance, seeing that it was not beneficial to the Pashtuns). They say, in an interview, that they left their father's political movement of non-violence, called "Khudai Khidmatgar" ("God's Soldiers") because of some of the movement's motives that they disagreed with.
Although they were no longer involved in politics by the time of Pakistan's independence (1947), the government of Pakistan imprisoned them several times, sending them to jails from all over the country. Their father spent close to half of their lifetime in jail (44 years out of their 99 years). Ghani Khan used their time in jail to write poetry; their main work in jail is called Da Panjrey Chaghar ("The Chirping of the Cage").
Works
Aside from a few poems of their youth and early manhood, Ghani Khan's poetry, like their temperament, is anti-political. Their poem collections include Panoos, Palwashay, De Panjray Chaghar, Kullyat and Latoon. They also wrote in English; their first book was The Pathans (1947). Their only published work in Urdu was their book titled Khan Sahib (1994).
The singular distinction of their poetry – aside from their obvious poetic genius – is a profound blend of knowledge about their native and foreign cultures, and the psychological, sensual, and religious aspects of life.
A translation (Pashto to English) of selected 141 poems of Ghani Khan, called The Pilgrim of Beauty, has been authored by Imtiaz Ahmad Sahibzada, a friend and admirer of the poet. The book was printed in 2014 in Islamabad, Pakistan. It is a joint initiative by individual donors in Pakistan and the Aga Khan Trust for Culture, Afghanistan. The book also contains paintings of Ghani Khan. The Pakistan launch of the book took place in the Afghanistan-Pakistan Pukhtun Festival, in March 2015. The Afghanistan launch took place on 22 February 2016 by the Ministry of Information and Culture.In 1982, At Edwards College Peshawar, Quaid Muhammad Khan(President Of Pushto Literature) familiarized Ghani Khan with Sardar Ali Takkar so that they could be able to read Ghani Khan ghazals with some music at the background (Modern Day Tappy).
Quotes and prose
Ghani Khan's love for nature and the local habitat of the Pashtun people is visible in their work. They wrote
"Pashtun is not merely a race but, in fact, a state of mind; there is a Pashtun lying inside every man, who at times wakes up and overpowers him."
"The Pashtuns are rain-sown wheat: they all came up on the same day; they are all the same. But the chief reason why I love a Pashtun is that they will wash their face and oil their beard and perfume their locks and put on their best pair of clothes when they go out to fight and die."
As a progressive and intellectual writer, they wrote, "I want to see my people educated and enlightened. A people with a vision and a strong sense of justice, who can carve out a future for themselves in harmony with nature."
Ghani khan poetry
څوک دې ماته وُوائي
څه رنګې شیدا شي څوک؟
څوک چې چاته وُخاندي
ولې پۀ خندا شي څوک؟
ستوري د غره څوکې تۀ
غلي شان بېګا وُوې
مینې پۀ ژړا وُوې
حسن پۀ خندا وُوې
Tribute
Abdul Ghani Khan died on 15 March 1996 and was buried in Utmanzai, Charsadda.
After their death, in recognition of their outstanding achievements, the Government of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province built a public library and park as a memorial to them on about of land, naming it "Ghani Derai" (the mound of Ghani). The site is a historical mound very near their home, Dar- ul-Aman, and within the confines of their ancestral village, Utmanzai, on the main highway from Razzar to Takht-i-Bhai.
See also
Abdul Ali Khan
Khan Abdul Bahram Khan
Abdul Ghaffar Khan
Abdul Wali Khan
Family of Bahram Khan
Utmanzai (Sarbani tribe)
References
Sources
Mohammad Arif Khattak: Ghani Khan – A Poet of Social Reality,
External links
Ghani Khan – interviews, images, and poems
Harappa – Audio and video interviews
Ghani Khan – Poetry
Life & Works of Ghani Khan
Interview of Author of The Pilgrim of Beauty – an English translation of Ghani Khan's 141 poems, by Deewa radio, Voice of America
1910s births
1996 deaths
Pashtun people
Pashtun nationalists
Pashto-language poets
Pakistani poets
Recipients of Sitara-i-Imtiaz
Ghani
People of British India
20th-century poets
Eulogio Aranguren Labairu (27 July 1892 – 19 October 1972) was an Argentine footballer who spent their youth in Basque Country. They were a midfielder and played most of their career for Real Madrid CF. They were the elder brother of Sotero Aranguren who was also their teammate at Real Madrid.
Biography
They played for Real Madrid for 10 years, between 1911 and 1921. In this period they made 20 appearances but failed to score in official games, as they played mostly as defender.
Three years after the premature death of their brother, Eulogio (together with King Alfonso XIII and a sister of Machimbarrena, the captain of Real Madrid who also died in the same period) inaugurated a statue to the two players at the entrance of the first team's locker room. This statue is seen as a talisman for club's next generations of footballers.
In 1925 they founded the Real Madrid rugby team, they were also a referee and after that became president of the Castile Referee Federation.
They also are vice-president of the Spanish Football Federation, and on several occasions joined the Spain national football team as an official. They studied to become a lawyer. They had 5 children, Jose Eulogio (Josechu), Maruchi, Fernando, Sotero (died in infancy) and Ignacio.
Together with their brother, the Arangurens were the inaugural Argentine born footballers to play for Real Madrid.
Honours
Real Madrid CF
Copa del Rey: 1917
Campeonato Regional Centro: 1912-13, 1915–16, 1916–17
External links
Eulogio's biography at Real Madrid official website (Spanish)
References
1892 births
1973 deaths
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Spanish footballers
Real Madrid CF players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Argentine people of Basque descent
Eetu Rissanen (born 15 October 2002) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a forward.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2002 births
Living people
Finnish footballers
Finland youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Pallo-Kerho 37 players
Kuopion Palloseura players
SC Kuopio Futis-98 players
Vaasan Palloseura players
Kokkolan Palloveikot players
Veikkausliiga players
Kakkonen players
Ykkönen players
"Dame Un Beso" (English translation: "Give Me a Kiss") is a 1986 song by Mexican-American singer Selena, from their third album, Alpha. It was recorded when they were 14 years old. The song was written by A. B. Quintanilla and Ricky Vela, who were both in their band at the time. A. B. Quintanilla, Selena's brother, had grown tired of the more old-fashioned songs that their father would choose and write, and decided to take over and write almost all of their songs.
Soon after its release, Selena, then 15, won the awards for both "Female Vocalist of the Year" and "Performer of the Year" at the Tejano Music Awards.. For that success "Dame Un Beso" was released as a vinyl, LP, and EP in 1986. "Dame Un Beso" has since been released on various of Selena's posthumous greatest-hits compilation albums.
Albums released
These albums have included the song "Dame Un Beso":
Alpha 1986
Mis Primeros Éxitos, 1990
Selena Y Sus Inicios Vol. 1, 2001
Classic Series, Vol. 1 2007
Inolvidable, 2009
References
Songs about kissing
1986 songs
Selena songs
Songs written by A. B. Quintanilla
Songs written by Ricky Vela
The action of 28 September 1644 was a battle that took place on 28 September 1644 about from Rhodes, when six Maltese galleys under Gabrielle Chambres de Boisbaudran attacked an Ottoman convoy of sailing ships.
The battle
The Maltese San Lorenzo, Santa Maria and Vittoria overhauled and attacked a Turkish galleon, while San Giuseppe and San Giovanni captured a smaller sailing ship and the "capitana" chased a vessel which turned out to be Greek, before returning to fight the galleon. After 7 hours, they were captured, with 220 of the 600 or more on board dead. Boisbaudran was killed, and the senior captain, Cotoner, of the San Lorenzo, took over command. Maltese casualties were 82 killed and 170 wounded, apart from their rowers. On the voyage home, there were several storms, and eventually the galleon was abandoned near Malta, and ended up wrecked on the Calabrian coast.
Repercussions
The Turkish convoy had been heading from Constantinople to Alexandria, and carried a number of pilgrims bound for Mecca, the exiled former Chief Black Eunuch, Sünbül Agha, as well as a woman, originally considered by their captors to be one of the wives of the Ottoman Sultan Ibrahim, and their young son, who was therefore thought to be an heir to the Ottoman throne. This was eventually disputed, and many historians believe that they were a wife and/or a slave of Sünbül Agha and a former nurse of Mehmed IV. Some history books say that their name was Zafira, and that their son, named Osman, was born on January 2, 1642 - almost three months earlier than Mehmed IV (making Osman the eldest son of Ibrahim I and the true heir to the throne). Citizens of Manfredonia, Italy, believe that they were in fact a sultana – originally a girl by the name of Giacometta Beccarino, who was kidnapped from Manfredonia by Turks in 1620. (This practice was quite common among Ottoman rulers of the era; for example, the mother, the grandmother, the great-grandmother, and the first three wives of Ibrahim were all of non-Turkish origin and were all sold to the harems of their respective husbands as slaves. However, unlike Giacometta Beccarino, they were typically sold to the harem at the age of 12 to 16 and would give birth to their first child by 17.)
On the voyage home, the Maltese vessel carrying the loot stopped at Crete, then a Venetian dominion, where it took on board supplies and unloaded part of the treasure there. The Ottomans, already enraged at the loss of the ships, considered this act a breach of Venetian neutrality, and soon declared war on the Republic.
The capture of "Sultan's wife and son" was widely publicized throughout Europe. Sünbül Agha was killed in the battle, and the woman reportedly died of stress or fright during the battle or soon thereafter (some sources give their date of death as January 6, 1646). The boy was raised on Malta for several years and eventually sent to a monastery, where they became known as "Father Ottoman" or "Padre Ottomano".
Ships involved
Knights of Malta
"Capitana" of Boisbaudran.
San Lorenzo.
Santa Maria.
Vittoria.
San Giuseppe.
San Giovanni.
Ottomans
A galleon – captured, and later wrecked.
A smaller ship – captured.
Several other ships.
References
Sources
Conflicts in 1644
1640s in Greece
1640s in the Ottoman Empire
1644 in Europe
1644
1644
Birdo, known in Japanese as , is a fictional character in the Mario franchise. Them first appearance was as an enemy in Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic, which was localized for English-language audiences as Super Mario Bros. 2. Since then, Birdo has been a recurring character in various franchise spin-offs. Initially, they were depicted as an antagonist, but has since been depicted as an ally. Birdo has also made several cameos, particularly in the Mario Kart series and the Japan-only Wii video game Captain Rainbow.
The English manual for Super Mario Bros. 2 refers to Birdo as male, "who thinks they are a girl" and would prefer to be called "Birdetta." Some interpret that as a Birdo being transgender, which would make them the first transgender video game character. Later releases of Super Mario Bros. 2 removed all mentions of their favored nickname. Starting with Mario Tennis, Nintendo has treated Birdo as a female gender without any more mention of their perceived transgender roots. Birdo is also depicted as being romantically involved with Yoshi.
The character has received mostly positive reception in the Mario series, although their appearance and perceived gender identity have received mixed reception. They have made several appearances in other media, including the Super Mario Bros. Super Show!, as well as promotional material such as figurines and plush toys.
Concept and creation
Birdo is a pink, anthropomorphic dinosaur creature who wears a red hairbow and has a round mouth that can fire eggs as projectiles. Birdo also wears a large diamond ring. In the early version of Birdo, the character had an orange tone. Birdo's name was mistakenly switched with another Super Mario Bros. 2 enemy, Ostro, both in the manual and in the end credits. The mistake persisted in the version of Super Mario Bros. 2 included in the Super Mario All-Stars compilation, but was corrected in the Game Boy Advance re-release titled Super Mario Advance.
Since the character's North American introduction, Birdo's gender identity has been an issue of discussion and speculation. The Japanese manual for Doki Doki Panic, when translated into English, states their name to be Catherine and is a male who thinks of themselves as female, adding that they like to wear a bow and would rather be called "Cathy." However, in the first edition manual for the North American release of Super Mario Bros. 2, Birdo is referred to by a text block that states "he thinks they are a girl" and would "rather be called 'Birdetta.'" In later printings, mention of Birdo being male was omitted. Mention of this fact is further not included in most later games featuring the character and seems to have been retconned to Birdo always being a female to begin with. In the Japanese version of Super Smash Bros. Melee, Birdo, called Catherine, is described similarly to the original manual, though wanting to be called "Cathy." In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, it is said that Birdo is of "indeterminate gender." Birdo appears in the Wii Japan-only video game Captain Rainbow, which delves into Birdo's gender identity. It specifically depicts them being imprisoned for entering the women's bathroom, and the player is asked to locate proof of their femininity (her vibrator) to get them out. Birdo is often lauded as the first transgender video game character. The character was given a female voice actor in Super Mario Advance, a remake of Super Mario Bros. 2. The Spanish language website for Mario Smash Football while describing Birdo suggests that the character's gender is indeterminate. The European website for Mario Strikers Charged Football refers to Birdo as a male character.
In Mario Tennis and Super Mario Advance (a remake of Super Mario Bros. 2), the character was given a high pitched female voice provided by Jessica Chisum and Jen Taylor, respectively. However, in Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour, Birdo uses muttering noises that has been used in subsequent games provided by Kazumi Totaka.
Appearances
In video games
Birdo first appeared in the Family Computer Disk System video game Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic and its Western Nintendo Entertainment System conversion Super Mario Bros. 2 as a boss. The Super Mario Advance remake of Super Mario Bros. 2 features a large robotic version of Birdo called "Robirdo." Birdo/Catherine was prominently featured in the cut-scenes for the Japan-only, Satellaview pseudo-sequel of Super Mario USA (Japanese title for the Western version of Super Mario Bros. 2), known as BS Super Mario USA. In this version, three "Super Catherines" were voice-acted by Jun Donna (Pink, described as "slightly mischievous"), Rika (Red, "whose finances are always in the red"), and Akemi (Green, described as "cultured and affluent"). The voices were those of gay men or transgender women. A Japanese advertisement for Super Mario USA also showed a Catherine puppet lounging on a bed, with a low masculine voice.
Since the character's appearance in Super Mario Bros. 2, Birdo has made several cameo appearances, including an early one teaching players the rules of the video game Wario's Woods. Throughout Wario's Woods, Birdo's main role consisted of being the helper to Toad as Birdo provided encouragement to them as Toad attempted to save the Mushroom Kingdom from Wario's clutches. Aside from this brief appearance in Wario's Woods, Birdo has not entered any other Mario mainstream game since Super Mario Bros. 2.
Birdo has made frequent appearances in later Mario spin-off games, including Mario Tennis and Mario Golf Toadstool Tour, first appearing in the Mario sports games with the Nintendo 64 Mario Tennis. However, Birdo was originally going to be included in the Virtual Boy video game Mario's Tennis. Birdo returned again in Mario Golf: World Tour as an unlockable character. Birdo also made their first appearance in the Mario Kart series with Mario Kart: Double Dash!!, where Yoshi acts as their partner. The European version of the game's manual discusses Birdo's gender in relation to Yoshi. They later reappeared in Mario Kart Wii and Mario Kart Tour. Birdo has also made appearances in the Mario Party series, first appearing in Mario Party 7 then later in Mario Party 8, Mario Party 9, and Mario Party Superstars. Birdo also makes appearances in multiple Mario role-playing games, including Super Mario RPG as a minor boss in Valentina's castle and Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga as a decoy for Princess Peach, and later Popple's rookie partner. Paper Birdo appear in Paper Mario: Sticker Star, Color Splash, and The Origami King. Birdo appeared in the Wii video game Captain Rainbow, which makes reference to their gender status. Birdo appeared in Super Smash Bros. Melee, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, and Super Smash Bros. for Wii U in the form of collectible items (known as trophies). Birdo has also appeared in Mario Superstar Baseball for Nintendo GameCube and Mario Super Sluggers and Mario Strikers Charged for Wii. They also appear in the Nintendo 3DS version of Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games as a rival, and returns in Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games, once again as a rival. However, they are featured as a playable character in Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, alongside other newcomers like Diddy Kong and Rosalina. Birdo also appears in Super Mario Maker as a mystery mushroom costume for Mario to wear in the Super Mario Bros. art style.
Other appearances
Birdo has appeared several times in promotional items, including figurines, plush toys, and other collectibles such as a chess set. A mother Birdo was featured in the episode "The Bird! The Bird!" of The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!, kidnapping Toad due to being nearsighted, and believing Toad to be their lost son Cheepy. "Birdo," the first track of Horse the Band's album The Mechanical Hand, heavily references the character.
Reception
Birdo has received mostly positive reception. 1UP.com editor Jeremy Parish described them as a favourite among fans. Official Nintendo Magazine listed them as one of the "unsung heroes" amongst the Mario series, stating that "Birdo does get more exposure than the other characters in this section (she's showed up in a few Mario spin-offs), but she/he's still not as popular as we'd like." In a poll by Official Nintendo Magazine on its users, Birdo tied for eighth-best female character on a Nintendo platform along with Tetra and Kazooie. GamePro editor "The D-Pad Destroyer" called Birdo "everyone's favorite." In Prima's Official Strategy Guide for Super Mario Advance, author Bryan Stratton describes Birdo as the hardest-working boss in video games, due to them appearing more than a dozen times as a boss in Super Mario Bros. 2. N-Sider editor Anthony JC commented that Birdo was a "pushover" compared to the other bosses in Super Mario Bros. 2. In an article on MTV Multiplayer discussing the best birds in video games, Birdo tied for second place with the chickens from Chicken Run. IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas felt that Birdo was nearly as recognized as Yoshi in the Mario sports and racing games. GamePro editor "The Watcher" praised the roster of Mario Superstar Baseball, commenting that while "well-known" characters like Princess Peach and Yoshi make appearances, so do "lesser-known" characters such as Birdo and Dry Bones. In the book Life on the screen: identity in the age of the Internet, author Sherry Turkle uses the pattern Birdo uses in boss battles as an example of something that, while complex, sustains the sense of a reassuring, rule-based world. GameDaily editor Chris Buffa listed them as one of the most unappreciated Nintendo characters, commenting that Birdo had appeared across web sites "in less-than-flattering articles."
However, UGO Networks listed Birdo as the 20th "unsexiest sexy video game characters." Birdo was ranked the ninth ugliest female video game character by ScrewAttack, who described them as resembling a "retarded anteater." ScrewAttack also listed Birdo as one of 15 reasons why they "hate" Super Mario Bros. 2, claiming that they still have no idea exactly what Birdo is. Games.net placed Birdo at No. 8 of their "Top Ten Disturbingly Sexual Game Characters" list. GameDaily listed Birdo as one of the 10 worst Mario characters. MTV Multiplayer editor Jason Cipriano questioned why Birdo and fellow Super Mario Bros. 2 enemy Shy Guy have been included in so many spin-off titles in the Mario series, commenting that they both "kinda suck," but enemies such as Wart and Mouser do not.
Wired editor Chris Kohler described them as well as other characters from Captain Rainbow as "forgettable." IGN editor John Tanaka found Birdo to be one of the more enjoyable guest characters in Captain Rainbow, associating their enjoyment with developer Skip's plot, which involves crossdressing and toilet humour.
Gender identity
Birdo has been the subject of discussion relating to their gender identity and has been perceived as transgender. They have become a trans icon due to their perceived gender identity. They have been credited as an early transgender character in video games. The manual excerpt from Super Mario Bros. 2 about Birdo's gender did not receive attention until some time after the game's release. Writer Lorenzo Fantoni suggested that this was because few people read the manual or because no one cared about Birdo's gender at the time. Fantoni also compared the Captain Rainbow scene to the later bathroom debates regarding trans people. Fantoni also suggests that Nintendo does not know what to do with Birdo and that changes to Birdo's character are made to match present-day morals. Author Sam Greer was critical of Birdo's portrayal, stating that their gender had become a "running joke" and was the "subject of much derision and stereotyping." Paste Magazine's Jennifer Unkle criticized Birdo as a caricatured trans person and as an example of Nintendo's poor handling of gender identity in general.
It is speculated by Wireds Chris Kohlerd that the gender issue was retconned to make them a cisgender female, while video game developer Jennifer Diane Reitz suggests that they may have undergone gender reassignment surgery. Writer Andrew Webster of The Escapist used the history of Birdo in the lead-in to their article, commenting on the changes Nintendo has made to hide Birdo's gender status.
References
External links
Birdo at Super Mario Wiki
Anthropomorphic characters in video games
Anthropomorphic dinosaurs
Female characters in video games
Mario (franchise) characters
Nintendo antagonists
Nintendo protagonists
Video game bosses
Video game characters introduced in 1987
Video game species and races
pl:Postacie ze świata Mario#Birdo
pt:Anexo:Lista de personagens da série Mario#Birdo
fi:Luettelo Mario-pelisarjan hahmoista#Birdo
sv:Lista över rollfigurer i Mario-serien#Birdo
Charles William Tate (February 20, 1919 – June 10, 1996) was an American football player and coach. Tate served as the head coach of the University of Miami for six seasons during the 1960s and two games during the 1970 season.
Early life
Charlie Tate was born in the small town of Tracy City, Tennessee, and later attended Julia E. Landon High School in Jacksonville, Florida.
Career
Tate attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where they were a starting fullback for coach Josh Cody and coach Tom Lieb's Florida Gators football teams from 1939 to 1941. Memorably, they scored the Gators' only touchdown in their 7–7 tie of the Auburn Tigers in the first varsity game ever played in the Tigers' new Auburn Stadium. Tate graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in education in 1942.
Tate was the head football coach of the Miami Hurricanes football team of the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida, from 1964 to 1970. In six seasons and part of a seventh, they compiled an overall win–loss record of 34–27–3. Their best season with the Hurricanes came in 1966, when their team went 8–2–1 and won the Liberty Bowl against Virginia Tech. Tate's departure from Miami was surrounded by controversy and attracted national media attention when they abruptly resigned as the Hurricanes' athletic director and head football coach after the second game of the 1970 football season.
Chuck Foreman was Tate's most famous recruit in the late 1960s. When interviewed at the ESPN Club in Orlando, Florida, Foreman, who went on to have a great career in the National Football League for the Minnesota Vikings, said of Tate, "He had faith in me, as a black athlete in the South during that tumultuous time, and I will never forget him. They were a great, generous man."
Tate also served as the head coach of two professional football teams, the Jacksonville Sharks and Jacksonville Express in the short lived World Football League in the mid-1970s. They were inducted into the Florida Sports Hall of Fame in 1988.
Death
Tate died in 1996 from complications related to pneumonia and Alzheimer's disease.
Head coaching record
College
See also
Florida Gators
Miami Hurricanes
List of University of Florida alumni
References
External links
1919 births
1996 deaths
American football fullbacks
Florida Gators baseball players
Florida Gators football coaches
Florida Gators football players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football coaches
Miami Hurricanes athletic directors
Miami Hurricanes football coaches
New Orleans Saints coaches
Toronto Argonauts coaches
Jacksonville Sharks (WFL) coaches
Jacksonville Express coaches
High school football coaches in Florida
People from Tracy City, Tennessee
Gareth Thomas may refer to:
* Gareth Thomas (actor) (1945–2016), Welsh actor
Gareth Thomas (Welsh politician) (born 1954), former Member of Parliament for the Clwyd West constituency
Gareth Thomas (English politician) (born 1967), Member of Parliament for Harrow West
Gareth Thomas (rugby) (born 1974), Welsh rugby union and rugby league footballer
Gareth Thomas (rugby union, born 1993), Welsh rugby union footballer for the Ospreys
See also
Gary Thomas (disambiguation)
Nirmal Kumar Mukarji (9 January 1921 – 29 August 2002) was an Indian administrator and the last member of the Indian Civil Service to serve. In the course of a long career they were Home Secretary, Cabinet Secretary, and eventually Governor of Punjab. They died in 2002.
Born in Delhi to Satyanand Mukarji, Principal of St. Stephen's College, Delhi, Mukarji was educated at St. Stephen's and subsequently entered the ICS at the top of the last intake, in 1943.
In the ICS
Assigned to the Punjab cadre, they were assigned as the confidential secretary of the Governor of Punjab, a post that they held till Independence in 1947. As part of the assignment, they were privy to most discussions involving the Partition of the Punjab between India and Pakistan, and part of the team that divided government resources between the two new Punjabs. Choosing to join India in 1947, they were appointed District Collector in a number of sensitive border districts, particularly Ferozepur.
After serving their time in the districts, they were moved to Delhi where they were put in charge of the Ministry for Irrigation, which at the time was planning the Bhakra-Nangal Dam, a project dear to Jawaharlal Nehru's heart. After the commissioning of the dam, they were moved back to Punjab and then to Jammu and Kashmir as Chief Secretary of those two states, after spending two years at Harvard's Weatherhead Centre for International Affairs
It was as Chief Secretary of Jammu and Kashmir that they had to organise the defence of the state during the Bangladesh War of 1971.
Following the 1971 war, they were assigned to the Home Ministry as its senior bureaucrat. Their time as Union Home Secretary was marked with clashes with the then Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, and their 'kitchen cabinet', including their son Sanjay Gandhi. On the morning that the Emergency was declared in 1975, they were transferred out of the Home Ministry and its control over the Police force to the Ministry of Civil Aviation.
Their reputation for independence and the fact that they were the only senior bureaucrat of the time visibly seen to be unconnected with the excesses of the Emergency meant that when the Janata government of 1977 took office, they were their choice for Cabinet Secretary. In that position, they helped draft the Constitutional Amendments that removed the alterations made by Mrs. Gandhi to the Constitution during the Emergency that impacted on Fundamental Rights. After Morarji Desai was removed from office, they saw an increase in the responsibilities of the Cabinet Secretary's post as Charan Singh found themselves unable or unwilling to chair Cabinet meetings.
Following Indira Gandhi's re-election in 1980, they continued to serve as Cabinet Secretary, Mrs. Gandhi making a point of not asking for their resignation, until they retired, the last ICS officer to do so.
Recommendation to end the IAS
They came to the view that the IAS is inappropriate for India. They wrote in 1994: "Bureaucratic arrangements must fall in line with the multi-layered character of the polity. The central, state and local government bureaucracies must, therefore, be placed squarely under the control of the elected rulers at each level. A suitable way needs to be found to close the IAS shop." They were supported in this by B.D. Pande, ICS (1938), also a former Cabinet Secretary.
After retirement
Following their retirement, they wrote occasionally for The Statesman, The Hindu, Mainstream, Seminar, and Frontline magazine. They continued to take considerable interest in issues of bureaucratic reform, administrative devolution, and the affairs of Punjab (India). Soon after they retired, they joined the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi, where they worked on Panchayati Raj and issues of federalisms for some years in the mid-1980s, as Rajiv Gandhi put into motion plans for increasing the degree of administrative power assigned to those village-level organisations. They also contributed to the Oral History Project at Teen Murti Library, Delhi.
Governor of Punjab
When the Khalistan movement burst into prominence in Punjab, the government at first sent law-and-order hardliners to the troubled state; Arjun Singh and then Siddhartha Shankar Ray both served as Governors of that state while it was under President's Rule. When the V.P. Singh government came into power in 1989, it chose to change the approach to the insurgency that the state government should take, and so appointed Mukarji as the head of the state administration and the Governor of the state.
Mukarji quickly reduced the intensity of counter-insurgency operations and put into place a timetable that would see the end of President's Rule and fresh elections. This approach paid off within a few years.
After Punjab
After leaving the Raj Bhavan in Chandigarh, Mukarji continued to write on issues related to Punjab; their last major public appearance was as the keynote speaker and chief guest at the Indian Administrative Service's 50th Anniversary celebrations in Mussourie in 1997, where they shocked the assembly by calling, in their speech, for an end to the all-India tenured services, and their replacement by specialised professionals.
They also founded and was the Chairman of the Pakistan-India People's Forum for Peace and Democracy, one of the first organisations to argue for people-to-people or 'third-track' diplomacy as a method of reducing tensions between the two countries.
They died in August 2002 in Delhi.
References
External links
Obituary, Independent (London), 7 September 2002 – Nirmal Mukarji: Principled Indian Civil Service officer
Addendum to obituary, Independent (London), 7 October 2002
Indian civil servants
Harvard University staff
Governors of Punjab, India
Indian Civil Service (British India) officers
V. P. Singh administration
1921 births
2002 deaths
Cabinet Secretaries of India
Indian Home Secretaries
An Introduction to Latin Syntax was a Latin grammar by John Mair published in 1750 in Edinburgh, printed by T. and W. Ruddimans. It saw many subsequent editions, the 8th printed in 1813.
Appended to Mair's Introduction proper was Ancient history epitomized, subtitled
a short view of the principal transactions and events ... from the creation of the world, to the birth of Christ. Digested chronologically, and adapted to the method of the Introduction to Latin syntax, the English being in one column, and the Latin words in another. ...
This text was also reprinted in James Davidson easy and practical introduction to the knowledge of the Latin tongue in 1798.
Mair's Introduction was cited by John Stuart Mill as evidence for their observation that "The only tolerable Latin grammars for school purposes that I know of, which had been produced in these islands until very lately, were written by Scotchmen" made in their Inaugural Address Delivered to the University of St. Andrews.
Editions
revised and corrected by R. A. Carson, extended by D. Patterson, New York, 1830 (google books copy)
References
Latin textbooks
1750 books
18th-century Latin books
In enzymology, a D-lyxose ketol-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-lyxose D-xylulose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-lyxose, and one product, D-xylulose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-lyxose aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include D-lyxose isomerase, and D-lyxose ketol-isomerase. This enzyme participates in pentose and glucuronate interconversions.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes and .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
Erigeron nivalis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, called the northern daisy. It is widespread across much of western North America from Alaska east to Northwest Territories and south as far as California and New Mexico.
Erigeron nivalis is a biennial or perennial herb up to 35 centimeters (14 inches) tall. The plant generally produces 1-8 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 70 white or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows in rocky sites and meadows in open woods and subalpine areas.
References
Flora of North America
nivalis
Plants described in 1841
Porin Pesäkarhut are a pesäpallo club based in Pori, Finland. They currently only have a women's team which competes in the Superpesis. The club was established in 1985. They play in the Erku-Areena. They have won the Finnish Championship twice, in 2002 and in 2021.
Honours
Etenijäkuningatar:
Carita Toiviainen (2007)
Kaisa Kärkkäinen (2010)
Milla Lindström (2013, 2017)
Emilia Itävalo (2021)
Lyöjäkuningatar:
Heidi Kuusisto (2010)
Hanna Itävalo (2013)
Susanna Puisto (2020, 2021)
Kärkilyöntikuningatar:
Hanna Itävalo (2009, 2010)
Kaisa Kärkkäinen (2011)
Carita Toiviainen (2013, 2015)
Playoffs' most valuable player:
Tiia Peltonen (2021)
"Jokeri" of the year:
Johanna Nieminen (2002)
Tanja Vehniäinen (2005)
Heidi Kuusisto (2007, 2008, 2010)
"Lukkari" of the year:
Kaisa Salmela (2012)
Baseballer of the year:
Jonna Äijälä (2002)
Kaisa Kärkkäinen (2010)
Carita Toiviainen (2013)
Susanne Ojaniemi (2017)
Emilia Itävalo (2019)
Kultainen maila- award:
Hanna Itävalo (2009)
Susanne Ojaniemi (2017)
Kultainen räpylä- award:
Susanne Ojaniemi (2017)
Emilia Itävalo (2019)
Notes
References
Pesäpallo
Sport in Pori
1985 establishments in Finland
Women's sports teams in Finland
Guillermo Valencia Castillo (October 29, 1873 in Popayán, Colombia – July 8, 1943 in Popayán) was a Colombian poet, translator, and politician. Valencia was a pioneer of Modernism in Colombia and a member of the Colombian Conservative Party. They were the father of five children, including Guillermo León Valencia (1909–1971), Colombian president during 1962–1966, and Josefina Valencia Muñoz, Governor of Cauca.
Biography
Valencia was the son of Joaquín Valencia Quijano and Adelaida Castillo Silva. They became an orphan at eight years old. They studied in Medellín.
Literary career
Their first volume of poetry, Ritos (1899, rev. ed. 1914; “Rites”), containing original poems and free translations from French, Italian, and Portuguese, established their literary reputation at home and abroad as a leader of the experimental Modernist movement with its exotic imagery.
They had the poetry magazine Paginas de Anarkos, considered a major journal associated with many Colombian literary figures of the time. It had illustrations by masters like Santiago Martinez Delgado.
They were never a prolific poet; in later years, they abandoned original poetry almost entirely, concentrating on translations. One of these was Catay (1928; “Cathay”), which they translated from Franz Toussaint's La Flute de Jade (“The Jade Flute”), a French translation of an anthology of Chinese poems. They translated La balada de la cárcel de Reading (1932; “The Ballad of Reading Gaol”) from the English poem by the 19th-century writer Oscar Wilde. They also turned more frequently to writing essays, many of which are collected in Panegíricos, discursos y artículos (1933; “Panegyrics, Speeches, and Articles”).
Political career
They led an active career as a statesman and a diplomat and was twice a candidate for the presidency of Colombia, in 1918 and 1930. In 1918, they lost to Marco Fidel Suárez. In 1930, they lost the presidential election to liberal Enrique Olaya Herrera.
Personal life
Valencia married Josefina Muñoz Muñoz in 1908. Together, they had five children.
They were the grandfather of Pedro Felipe Valencia López, a Colombian politician.
Honors and awards
The house where they lived and died was turned into a museum. A municipal theater in Popayán, Colombia was also named after him. The national poetry prize in Colombia is named in their honor.
Bibliography
Poetry
Poesías (1898)
Ritos (1899)
Sus mejores poemas (1926)
Catay (1929)
See also
José Asunción Silva
References
1873 births
1943 deaths
Guillermo
Colombian poets
Candidates for President of Colombia
People from Popayán
Kerry or Kerri is both a masculine and feminine English language given name of Gaelic (Irish) origin.
In its original form Ciarraighe (Ciarraí), it denoted the kingdom of Ciar (ciar raighe), Ciar being the son of Fergus mac Róich, who gave their name to County Kerry. Ciarraighe was thus the name of the pre-Gaelic tribe who lived in the area of what is now County Kerry. However, branches of the Ciarraighe were all over Ireland:
Ciarraige Luachra - in what is now north County Kerry and Sliabh Luachra, both named after them.
Ciarraige Cuirche - due south of what is now Cork City, in Munster.
Ciarraige Áei - on the plains of central County Roscommon, in Connacht.
Ciarraighe Locha na nÁirne - in eastern County Mayo in Connacht.
Ciarraige Airtech - on Magh nAirtig (plain of Airtig, northwest County Roscommon, parish of Tibohine.
Ciarraige Broengair - location uncertain. The Múscraige Breogain were found south-west of Cashel, Munster.
Ciarraige Choinnend - location uncertain.
Ciarraige Trimaige - location uncertain.
Ciarraige Aidhne - in Aidhne, now south County Galway, Connacht.
Notable people with the name
Acting, presenting, and radio
Kerry Bishé, actor
Kerry Fox (born 1966), New Zealand actor
Kerri Green, American actor
Kerri Kasem, an American radio and television host
Kerri Kendall, an American model and actor
Kerri Kenney-Silver, an American comedian, actor, singer and writer
Kerri-Anne Kennerley, an Australian television presenter
Kerry LaiFatt, Canadian actor
Kerry Rossall, American stuntman and actor
Kerry Shale, Canadian actor, voice artist and writer
Kerry Washington, American actor
Politics
Kerry J. Donley (1956-2022), American politician
Kerry Healey (born 1960), American politician, former Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts
Music
Kerry Alexander, lead singer of the Minnesota-based band Bad Bad Hats
Kerri Chandler, producer of house music
Kerry Ellis, an English singer and stage actor
Kerry Katona, pop singer
Kerry King, Guitarist for thrash metal band Slayer
Kerry Livgren, a founding member of the progressive rock band Kansas
Kerry McGregor (1974–2012), Scottish singer-songwriter and actor
Sport
Kerry Blackshear Jr. (born 1997), American basketball player in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Kerry Brown (wrestler), Canadian professional wrestler
Kerri Buchberger, Canadian volleyball player
Kerry Collins, American football player
Kerri Gallagher (born 1989), American middle-distance runner
Kerry Joyce, South African gymnast, All Africa champion
Kerry Kittles, American basketball player
Kerry Ligtenberg, American baseball player
Kerry O'Brien (athlete), Australian middle-distance runner
Kerri Pottharst, Australian beach volleyball player
Kerry Reid, Australian tennis player
Kerri Strug, American gymnast
Kerry Von Erich, American professional wrestler
Kerri Walsh, American beach volleyball player
Kerry Wood, American baseball player
Other fields
Kerry Gammill, American comic book artist
Kerri Greenidge, American historian and academic
Kerri Hoskins, former glamour model
Kerrie Hughes, New Zealand fashion designer
Kerry G. Johnson, graphic designer, caricature artist
Kerry Joyce, American interior designer and product designer
Kerry McCluggage, owner and president of Craftsman Films
Kerry Packer, Australian media magnate
Kerri Sakamoto, Canadian novelist
Kerry Mitchell, American artist
Surname
Richard John Kerry (1915–2000), American Foreign Service officer and lawyer, son of Frederick A. "Fred" Kerry (born Fritz Kohn, 1873– 1921)
Rosemary Forbes Kerry, one of 11 children of James Grant Forbes of the Protestant Forbes family of China and Boston, wife of Richard John Kerry
John Kerry, John Forbes Kerry (born December 11, 1943), United States politician and 2004 presidential candidate, son of Richard John Kerry
Cameron Kerry, Cameron Forbes Kerry (born September 6, 1950), son of Richard John Kerry, American politician
Charles Kerry, Charles Henry Kerry (3 April 1857 – 26 May 1928), photographer
Alexandra Kerry, Alexandra Forbes Kerry (born September 5, 1973) is an American filmmaker.
Richard Kerry, Richard John Kerry (July 28, 1915 – July 29, 2000)
Vanessa Kerry, Vanessa Bradford Kerry (born December 31, 1976), American physician and health care administrator
References
English unisex given names
English-language unisex given names
Irish unisex given names
Irish-language unisex given names
Miroslav Miller (born 19 August 1980) is a retired Czech goalkeeper lastly played for AC Sparta Prague.
References
Guardian Football
1980 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Czech First League players
AC Sparta Prague players
People from Beroun
FK Mladá Boleslav players
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Keel ja Kirjandus ('Language and Literature') is journal published in Estonia by Kultuurileht SA. Journal is compiled by Estonian Academy of Sciences and Estonian Writers' Union.
First number was published in 1958.
Journal is issued once per month.
Further reading
Rein Kruus. "Keel ja Kirjandus – 25". – Looming 1983, 3, pp 416–419
Kalle Kurg. "Ühisvaratundest". (Keel ja Kirjandus 25) – Looming 1983, 3, pp 420–421
Rudolf Põldmäe. "Keele ja Kirjanduse veerandsada aastat". – In book: "Kirjanduse jaosmaa '83". Compiled by Endel Mallene. Tallinn, Eesti Raamat 1985, pp 48–52
References
External links
Magazines published in Estonia
Estonian literature
Lake Rerewhakaaitu is a small, shallow lake in northern New Zealand, located 30 kilometres to the east of Rotorua. It is immediately south of the active volcano Mount Tarawera, and the geography was substantially altered by a major eruption in 1886.
At above sea level the lake is highest and southernmost of the Rotorua Te Arawa lakes. Occupying a shallow basin, it is mostly surrounded by farming pasture; although over the past few decades, exotic and indigenous forest cover has begun to appear. The lake is classified as mesotrophic, with moderate productivity and water quality.
The lake is feed by the Awaroa and Mangakino Streams. The lake has no permanent outflow. However, when the lake is high, water flows down the Mangaharakeke Stream. It is believed that the springs at the head of Te Kauae Stream are sourced from the lake and that groundwater may also flow southeast of the lake into the Rangitaiki River catchment.
The shores of the lake are often the scene of dog shows, like those from Rotorua, Agility during Easter, and the obedience show in January.
Education
Lake Rerewhakaaitu School is a co-educational state primary school for Year 1 to 8 students, with a roll of as of .
References
Rotorua Lakes District
Rerewhakaaitu, Lake
Populated places in the Bay of Plenty Region
William Adams Dawson (November 5, 1903 – November 7, 1981) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Born in Layton, Utah, Dawson attended the public schools.
They graduated from the law department of the University of Utah in 1926.
They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Salt Lake City, and was County attorney of Davis County from 1926 to 1934, and mayor of Layton 1935–1939.
They served as member of the Utah State Senate from 1940 to 1944.
Dawson was elected as a Republican to the Eightieth Congress (January 3, 1947 – January 3, 1949).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1948 to the Eighty-first Congress.
Dawson was elected to the Eighty-third, Eighty-fourth, and Eighty-fifth Congresses (January 3, 1953 – January 3, 1959).
Dawson voted in favor of the Civil Rights Act of 1957.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1958 to the Eighty-sixth Congress.
They served as vice president of Zions First National Bank from 1959 to 1969.
They were a resident of Salt Lake City, Utah, until their death on November 7, 1981.
They were interred in Kaysville Cemetery, Kaysville, Utah.
References
External links
1903 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Mayors of places in Utah
People from Layton, Utah
Politicians from Salt Lake City
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
University of Utah alumni
Utah lawyers
Utah state senators
20th-century American lawyers
S.J. Quinney College of Law alumni
Harriet Newell Haskell (January 14, 1835 – May 6, 1907) was an American educator and administrator from the U.S. state of Maine. They taught from 1855 to 1860 in Waldoboro, Maine and Boston, Massachusetts. From 1860 to 1868, they were a teacher and principal at Castleton Collegiate Seminary, Vermont. Thereafter, for 39 years, they served as principal at Monticello Seminary in Godfrey, Illinois.
Early years and education
Harriet Newell Haskell was born in Waldoboro, Maine, January 14, 1835. Them father was Bela B. Haskell, a banker and shipbuilder, and a citizen of Lincoln County, Maine. They served two terms in the Maine Legislature and was collector of customs of their district under President Zachary Taylor.
Haskell completed their normal school education in 1850. They attended Castleton Collegiate Seminary, Vermont, (now Castleton University) where they prepared themselves in English, mathematics, and classics. Them first-year student and sophomore college courses were completed at Middlebury College, in Vermont. From Mount Holyoke Seminary (now Mount Holyoke College), Massachusetts, they were graduated with honor in 1855. In 1905, they attended the 50 year anniversary of their graduation from Mount Holyoke, and was honored at that time with a Litt.d. degree.
Career
Haskell's first experience in teaching was in Boston, in the Franklin school. Afterwards, they were principal of the high school in their own town, and later at Castleton Collegiate School (1862–67). It was while in that school the Rev. Truman Marcellus Post, D. D., president of the board of trustees of Monticello Seminary wrote to a friend in Maine, asking them if they could recommend to them a woman to take the then-vacant place of principal of Monticello. They were seeking a woman who was a scholar, a Christian, of good business capacity, and a good educator as well. The friend replied that there was only one such woman in the world, and that was Haskell, of Castleton College, but that they could not be removed from the State of Vermont.
After three years of solicitation, Haskell became principal of Monticello, in 1868. A portrait of Haskell, painted by J. J. Collins of Boston, was given to Monticello in 1882. The last years of their father's life were passed with them in the seminary; they died in 1887. The Monticello Seminary was destroyed by fire in November, 1888, just as the institution was beginning its second half-century. Through Haskell's energetic efforts a temporary building was put up, and the school was reopened with 89 of the 130 young women who were in the institution when the fire came. In less than two years, the buildings were erected with the cornerstone of the new building laid on 10 June 1889. The left side of Haskell's face was burned at Christmas time one year when their fake Santa Claus beard caught on fire; thereafter, they favored their right profile. Haskell advocated sports for women.
A white marble Ruckstuhl statue of Haskell, a commissioned work by sculptor Hillis Arnold, was unveiled during the commencement exercises in June 1900, and placed in the Monticello library. The unveiling and presentation of the portrait of Haskell occurred during the same commencement exercises in 1900. On June 9, 1902, the Harriet Newell Haskell Scholarship of , was founded by Emeline Frisbie Rea, of St. Louis, in honor of Haskell.
Personal life and legacy
While attending Mount Holyoke, Haskell made the acquaintance of Emily Gilmore Alden, and the two became constant companions and had a common home for 55 years. Alden served as Haskell's assistant at Monticello. Though Haskell did not have children of their own, they raised two nieces. One was Lila ("Kitty") Haskell Burdick, and the other, Elizabeth Porter Haskell, was a member of Monticello's faculty during the period of 1898 to 1907.
Haskell died May 6, 1907, at Monticello, of heart disease. They had been ill for several weeks in their apartment at Monticello. Burial was at the family plot in Waldoboro.
After Haskell's death, in 1908, Alden published Haskell's biography. A memorial stone wall in front of the grounds at Monticello Seminary was finished in December 1910. The wall, in length, with an elaborate arch and gateway, was erected to the memory of Haskell by the alumnae of the institution. Haskell House, a girls' dormitory at Monticello college, was dedicated on May 29, 1938. The Harriet Newell Haskell Society was established in 1963 at Monticello.
Notes
References
Attribution
Bibliography
1835 births
1907 deaths
Educators from Maine
19th-century American educators
American school administrators
People from Waldoboro, Maine
Mount Holyoke College alumni
People from Godfrey, Illinois
Educators from Illinois
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
19th-century American women educators
In the mythology of Fiji, Samulayo is a god or spirit of war and those dead souls who died in battle.
They live in underworld.
References
Fijian deities
War gods
is a railway station operated by the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad in Ayagawa, Kagawa, Japan. It is on the Kotohira Line.
Takinomiya is the terminus for some services from Takamatsu-Chikkō Station.
Ridership
Gallery
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Railway stations in Kagawa Prefecture
Kfar HaMaccabi (, lit. Village of the Maccabis) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Kiryat Ata, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1936 by members of Maccabi youth movement from Czechoslovakia and Germany who immigrated with the help of Menachem Ussishkin for the first Maccabiah Games in 1932. The kibbutz was named for the youth movement.
Economy
The kibbutz is now one of Israel's largest animal feed manufacturers.
This branch of income has been sold as have other branches. The new owners pay rent and the salary of the members that work in the branches.
Notable people
Theodore Bikel
Nachum Heiman
References
1936 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Kibbutzim
Kibbutz Movement
Populated places established in 1936
Populated places in Haifa District
Czech-Jewish culture in Israel
German-Jewish culture in Israel
Slovak-Jewish culture in Israel
Sporting TV is the television channel of Sporting Clube de Portugal. In open signal, the channel is present in the operators MEO, NOS, Vodafone and Nowo. The channel broadcasts live Sporting games at home in the Academia Sporting and in Pavilhão João Rocha.
Programs
Information Programs
Discussion / Information Programs
Culture / Entertainment Programs
References
External links
Official Sporting CP website
Sporting CP
Relay is a chain of newspaper, magazine, book, and convenience stores, mostly based in train stations and airports. It is owned by Lagardère Travel Retail, a subsidiary of Lagardère Group.
Its heaviest concentration is in France, but it also operates in other countries. In 2010, the network had 1,100 shops on 4 continents.
History
Relay started under the name Relais H''', when in 1852 Louis Hachette acquired the "trainstations' libraries". The sales of newspapers quickly overperformed the sales of books. To keep books' sales up, Relais H innovated by creating book series and asking specific authors to write those series.
In January 2000, the stores Relais H became Relay''. At that time, Relay owns 1,000 stores in 10 countries in Europe and North America.
In October 2012, Lagardere TR created a joint-venture with Indian Travel Food Services to develop Relay in India.
In February 2016, Lagardere sold its Travel Retail operations in Belgium to the Bpost group for $491 million.
See also
Relay (disambiguation)
References
External links
www.relay.com Official website
Lagardère Group
Retail companies established in 1852
Retail companies of France
1852 establishments in France
Mursley is a small village in and also a civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located about three miles east of Winslow and about seven miles south west of Central Milton Keynes.
The village name is Old English in origin, and is thought to mean 'Myrsa's woodland clearing'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Muselai, with the form Murselai being attested from the thirteenth century.
The village was at one time a more important place; it was once a market town, by virtue of a royal charter granted in 1230, and the centre of the local deanery. "The prosperity of the town continued until well into the 17th century" but around the middle of the 18th century, Mursley was described as having "dwindled into a neglected village', being 'small and depopulated', the parish having about 66 families and 258 souls."
There was at one time a manor in the locality called "Salden", within which stood a manor house built by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir John Fortescue (d. 1629), which was visited by King James I and Anne of Denmark in 1603. This house has since disappeared.
Actor David Tomlinson, who played George Banks in Mary Poppins and Mr. Emelius Browne in Bedknobs and Broomsticks, lived and raised their children in Mursley until their death on 24 June 2000. Tomlinson became notorious around the village for flying very low in their Tiger Moth and on one occasion they crash landed in a field near their house and was tried for, but acquitted of, reckless flying.
The Beechams estate in the village draws its name from Sir Thomas Beecham who resided in Mursley Hall which used to exist on the site of this estate.
Mursley's Church of England School is a Victorian, Church of England primary school. It is a voluntary controlled infant school, which has approximately 45 pupils from the age of four through to the age of seven.
Sport & Leisure
Mursley has a non-League football team Mursley United F.C. who play at the Playing Field in Station Road.
Notes
References
External links
Mursley Parish Website (www.Mursley.net)
Mursley Village History
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Jack Daniel Randall (born 7 July 1992) is a professional footballer who is currently a free agent after being released by Aldershot Town.
Career
Randall started their career as a trainee with Crystal Palace, before signing for Aldershot Town. Their debut was delayed after they fractured a bone in their ankle during a pre-season friendly. Randall made their debut on 2 November 2010, for Aldershot in their 2–2 away draw with Hereford United in League Two, replacing Glen Little in the 85th minute.
References
External links
Aldershot Town profile
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Bromley
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Aldershot Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Rani Kamalesvaran (born 1971), who performs as Rani is an Australian singer. Them debut single "Always on My Mind" reached No. 33 on the ARIA singles chart, was on high rotation nationally on Triple J and was nominated for 1997 ARIA Awards for Best New Talent and Best Pop Release.
Career
Rani is the daughter of Australian-based singer, Kamahl, and their wife, Sahodra. They first came to notice by providing the vocals on "I Have a Dream" by Hatman and as a result signed with Virgin. Them first single "Always On My Mind" was released in mid 1997 and they followed up with "Trust in Me" later that year. In 1998 they issued "Living in Shadows", which was followed by their debut album, The Infinite Blue, released in August 1998.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music.
|-
| rowspan="2"| 1997
| rowspan="2"| "Always On My Mind"
| Best Pop Release
|
|-
| Best New Talent
|
|-
References
1971 births
Australian musicians
Living people
NOASS Okeanos Explorer Gulf of Mexico 2017 Expedition was the first of three expeditions on the NOAAS Okeanos Explorer intended to increase the understanding of the deep-sea environment in the Gulf of Mexico. Gulf of Mexico 2017 was a 23-day telepresence-enabled expedition focused on acquiring data on priority exploration areas identified by ocean management and scientific communities. The goal of the expedition was to use remotely operated vehicle (ROV) dives and seafloor mapping operations to increase the understanding of the deep-sea ecosystems in these areas to support management decisions. Many of the areas had no (or low quality) sonar data, these areas were top priority for high-resolution bathymetry collection. The expedition established a baseline of information in the region to catalyze further exploration, research, and management activities. The expedition lasted from 29 November 2017 to 21 December 2017.
Through discussions and information stemming from NOAA and other stakeholders, priority areas of exploration had been identified. The expedition explored deep coral and sponge communities, bottom fish habitats, seamounts, undersea canyons, shipwrecks, and a variety of chemosynthetic habitats including cold seeps, mud volcanoes and brine pools. Using NOAA Ship Okeanos Explorer's unique capabilities, scientists and other audiences onshore were provided with real-time video footage from deep-water areas in important, yet largely unknown, U.S. waters.
ROV Dives
17 ROV dives were conducted from 300 to 2,321 meters of depth to explore the diversity and distribution of deep-sea habitats and associated marine communities in the Gulf of Mexico basin. There were also four midwater exploration dives conducted at depths of 300 to 900 meters to investigate the diversity and abundance of the largely unknown pelagic fauna. During these dives hundreds of different species of animals were observed including several potential new species. Several significant range extensions were observed and several organisms were seen alive for the first time. 105 biological samples (32 primary and 73 associated and commensal taxa) were collected several of which came from unknown species. As well as biological samples eight rock samples and one sediment sample were collected for use in geochemical composition analysis and age dating. Several dives gathered geological data to better understand the geological composition and origin of the Florida Escarpment.
At least 20 previously unknown chemosynthetic habitats were discovered including methane seeps (some with visible methane hydrate), asphalt seeps, and brine rivers. Most of these had associated chemosynthetic communities that included large siboglinid tubeworm bushes and extensive mussel beds. There were also many areas of reduced sediments and bacterial mats. Asphaltic and authigenic carbonate outcrops hosting large filter-feeding communities were also observed in geologically active areas.
A number of the ROV dives surveyed Habitat Areas of Particular Concern (HAPCs) proposed by the Gulf of Mexico Fishery Management Council. These surveys collected baseline information for management of the area. Six proposed expansions zones to the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary were explored and surveyed to gather information on future expansion of the sanctuary. Many high-diversity and density coral and sponge communities were discovered in these areas including a Madrepora oculata-dominated coral garden.
The wreck of an early 19th-century copper-clad merchant vessel carrying artifacts including glass bottles, ceramic and porcelain vessels, remnants of a suction bilge pump with cast-iron flywheels, an anchor, and a cast-iron stove was surveyed and explored. Based on initial observations, archaeologists believe the shipwreck likely post-dates 1830 and may have been a merchant ship built for distance over speed.
During one of the dives Enypniastes eximia was spotted on the ocean floor.
Gas Hydrate
During dive 17 the ROV Deep Discoverer encountered large gas hydrate mounds and active gas seeps on the sea floor on the northwestern edge of a salt-cored Horn Dome, 87 kilometers from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana. The low relief seafloor mounds discovered mantled gas hydrate deposits interspersed with carbonates. Gas hydrate forms when low molecular weight gas (usually methane) combines with water and freezes to form "methane ice" under low temperature and moderate pressure conditions. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the ample supply of gas, coupled with appropriate pressure and temperature conditions, cause gas hydrate to form on or just beneath the seafloor. The blue curve on the graph shows the ocean temperatures measured by the conductivity-temperature-depth (CTD) sensor on the Deep Discoverer ROV during Dive 17 at Horn Dome. The sediment temperatures are estimated based on a study that examined nearby well data. Gas hydrate is stable at the seafloor, in the shallow sediments, and from the seafloor to ~600 meters depth in the water column. Such conditions are typical for the deep ocean, but the Gulf of Mexico leaks such large volumes of gas that near-seafloor gas hydrate is more common there than in most locations.
Scientists observed dense orange-stained gas hydrate exposed in several mounds. In some places, the same outcrop had both massive gas hydrate that had probably formed below the seafloor and clear, porous gas hydrate made up of hydrate-encased bubbles. Video recording of methane emissions adjacent to one of the massive hydrate deposits provided insights into seafloor gas dynamics. For example, rapid gas emissions produced bubbles, with some bubbles emerging from clear tubes formed from gas hydrate. Slow gas emissions led to the formation of hydrate-coated gas droplets that initially blocked the gas conduit until the pressure inside the droplet increased, causing the droplet to detach. Similar phenomena were filmed on bare seafloor in the Gulf of Mexico during a 2014 Okeanos Explorer expedition.
The only macrofauna spotted living directly on methane hydrate outcrops were ice worms, Hesiocaeca methanicola. The ice worms had burrowed into the hydrate, creating small depressions. The worms graze on bacteria growing on the hydrate. Ice worms were also seen in some of the burrows in the surrounding gas hydrate, which appears orange due to impurities. In the image to the right active methane emissions occur from beneath the ledge, through conduits at the base of the inverted droplets attached to the sediment and through a bubble tube at the right of the image. Both the bubble tubes and the inverted droplets are encased in clear gas hydrate.
Outreach
The live video feeds of the expedition were shared publicly worldwide with the live video receiving more than 280,000 views via the NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration and Research (OER) YouTube channel. The expedition also conducted six live telepresence interactions with various groups including the Aquarium of the Pacific, Shedd Aquarium, NOAA Gulf Regional Council, University of New Hampshire's Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping, The Exploratorium, and members of the MIT Media Lab.
References
See also
NOAAS Okeanos Explorer
NOAAS Okeanos Explorer Gulf of Mexico 2018 Expedition
Oceanographic expeditions
2017 in science
The Zona Austral (Southernmost Zone) is one of the five natural regions into which CORFO divided continental Chile in 1950 corresponding to the Chilean portion of Patagonia. It is surrounded by the Zona Sur and the Chacao Channel to the north, the Pacific Ocean and Drake's Passage to the south and west, and the Andean mountains and Argentina to the east. If excluding Chiloé Archipelago Zona Austral covers all of Chilean Patagonia.
Geography
Physical geography
In the far south (Chile Austral), which extends from Valdivia through the Chacao Channel to Cape Horn, the Andes and the South Pacific meet. This district of the country is mountainous, heavily forested and inhospitable. The deeply indented coastline is filled with islands which preserve the general outline of the continent southward to the Fuegian archipelago, the outside groups forming a continuation of the Chilean Coast Range. The heavy and continuous rainfall throughout this region, especially in the latitude of Chiloé, gives rise to a large number of rivers and lakes. Farther south this excessive precipitation is in the form of snow in the Andes, forming glaciers at a comparatively low level which in places discharge into the inlets and bays of the sea. The extreme southern part of this region extends eastward to the Atlantic entrance to the Strait of Magellan, and includes the greater part of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego with all the islands lying south and west of it. There are some comparatively level stretches of country immediately north of the Strait, partly forested and partly grassy plains, where sheep farming has been established with some degree of success, but the greater part of this extreme southern territory is mountainous, cold, wet and inhospitable. The perpetual snow-line here descends to 1,000 to 1,200 m (3,500 to 4,000 ft) above sea-level, and the forest growth does not rise above an altitude of 300 to 450 m (1,000 to 1,500 ft).
Mountains
From the latitude of Michinmahuida volcano southwards a well-defined western longitudinal valley, occupied by the Carretera Austral, divides the Andes into two chains, the eastern being the main chain, to which belong mounts Ventisquero Sur, Barros Arana and Alto Nevado, while the western chain, broken into imposing blocks, contains several high volcanic peaks such as Corcovado, Yanteles and Melimoyu.
An important transverse mountain range of the Andes separates the valleys of the rivers Simpson and Ibañez. This section is dominated by the active Hudson volcano and the jagged Cerro Castillo.
Southward from General Carrera lake is found a wide oblique opening in the range, through which flows the river Baker. The main chain of the Andes in the west is an enormous rugged mass of ice and snow of an average height of 2700 m (9000 ft.), sending glaciers to all the western fjords. Monte San Valentin (4,058 m [13,314 ft.]) is the culminating point of the Andes in the region extending from 49° to 46° S latitude Monte San Lorenzo, detached from the main chain of the Andes, is 3,706 m (12,156 ft.) high.
The section from 48° to 52° S latitude is a continuous ice-capped mountain range, and some of the glaciers extend from the eastern lakes to the western channels, where they reach the sea-level. The highest mountain in the section is Lautaro volcano, but the most famous compose the Cordillera del Paine in the south and the Fitz Roy group in the north. The southernmost part of this zone is formed by two small parallel ranges called Cordillera Sarmiento and Cordillera Riesco, which are separated by the Fjord of the Mountains.
From the 52 deg. S. lat. up to Strait of Magellan, the western slope of the Cordillera does not, properly speaking, exist. Abrupt walls overlook the Pacific, and great longitudinal and transversal channels and fjords run right through the heart of the range, cutting it generally in a direction more or less oblique to its axis, the result of movements of the Earth's crust. This region is not fully explored, and all that is known of it is that it is principally composed of the same rocks as the Fuegian Andes, and that the greater part of its upper valleys is occupied by glaciers that reach down to the sea amid dense forest.
The Cordillera of the Andes in Tierra del Fuego is formed of crystalline schists, and culminates in the snow-capped peaks of Mount Darwin and Monte Sarmiento in the Cordillera Darwin, which contains glaciers of greater extent than those of Mont Blanc. The extent of the glaciers is considerable in this region, which, geographically, is more complex than was formerly supposed. Although, in the explored portion of the Fuegian chain, the volcanoes which have been mentioned from time to time have not been met with, there seem to have existed to the south, on the islands, many neo-volcanic rocks, some of which appear to be contemporaneous with the basaltic sheet that covers a part of eastern Patagonia.
Farther south the Andes terminates in Cape Horn. In this section the mountains are composed principally of crystalline rocks, and their heights are inconsiderable when compared with those of the northern Andes.
Coasts
The continental coastline features numerous inlets and fjords, from which the mountains seem to rise straight up to great elevations; this is, for example, the case with the Cerro Macá (2,300 meters) near Puerto Aisén. The rest of the land consists of literally thousands of islands forming numerous archipelagos interwoven with sometimes-narrow channels, which provide the main routes of navigation. The grouping of such islands shows that they are in part the summits of a submerged mountain chain, a continuation southward of the Chilean Coast Range. Three groups of these, called Chiloé, Guaitecas and Chonos archipelagoes, lie North of the Taitao Peninsula.
The largest island of this portion of Austral Chile is Chiloé, which is inhabited. Some of the smaller islands of these groups are also inhabited, though the excessive rainfall of these latitudes and the violent westerly storms render them highly unfavourable for human occupation. Some of the smallest islands are barren rocks, but the majority of them are covered with forests. These archipelagoes are separated from the mainland in the north by the gulfs of Ancud and Corcovado, 30 to 35 mi wide, which appear to be a submerged part of the great Chilean Central Valley, and farther south by the narrower Moraleda Channel, which terminates southward in a confusing network of passages between the mainland and the islands of the Chonos group.
Below the Taitao peninsula is the broad open Gulf of Penas, which carries the coast-line eastward fully 100 mi and is noticeably free from islands, with some exceptions. The northern entrance to Messier Channel is through this gulf. Messier, Pitt, Sarmiento and Smyth's Channels, which form a comparatively safe and remarkably picturesque inside route for ships, about 338 mi in length, separate another series of archipelagoes from the mainland. These channels are in places narrow and tortuous. Among the islands which thickly fringe this part of the coast, the largest are Merino Jarpa (lying within Baker Channel), Prat, Campana (part of Guayaneco Archipelago), Little Wellington, Wellington and Mornington (of the Wellington Archipelago), Madre de Dios, Duke of York, Chatham, Hanover, Cambridge, Contreras, Rennell and the Queen Adelaide Archipelago, a group of small barren rocks and islands lying immediately north of the Pacific entrance to the Strait of Magellan. The large number of English names on this coast is due to the fact that the earliest detailed survey of this region was made by English naval officers; the charts prepared from their surveys are still in use and form the basis of all subsequent maps.
Belonging to the Tierra del Fuego archipelago south of the Strait of Magellan are Desolación, Santa Inés, Clarence, Capitán Aracena, Dawson, Londonderry, Hoste, Navarino and Wollaston Islands, with innumerable smaller islands and rocks fringing their shores and filling the channels between them.
The far south contains large expanses of pastures that are best suited for raising sheep, mainly on Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. The area's other main economic activity is oil and natural gas extraction from the areas around the Strait of Magellan. This strait is one of the world's important sea-lanes because it unites the Atlantic and Pacific oceans through a channel that avoids the rough open waters off Cape Horn. The channel is perilous, however, and Chilean pilots guide all vessels through it.
Hydrography
Rivers
The Comau Fjord and Vodudahue River traverse the densely wooded country in a north-westerly direction from the Andes to the north-eastern shore of the Gulf of Chacao. This area is home to Pumalín Park. Continuing southward, the Yelcho is the next important river to traverse this region. Forming part of its basin is the Futaleufú River, which drains a large area of Argentine territory. Yelcho flows north-west from Yelcho Lake to the Gulf of Corcovado. The Palena is another river of the same character, having its source in a large frontier lake, which is called General Paz or General Vintter in Argentina and Palena in Chile. It flows for some distance through Argentine territory before crossing into Chile. It receives one large tributary from the south, the Pico River, and enters an estuary of the Gulf of Corcovado a little north of the 44th parallel.
The Cisnes is wholly a Chilean river, draining an extensive Andean region between the 44th and 45th parallels and discharging into the Puyuhuapi Channel, which separates Magdalena Island from the mainland. The Aisén River also has its source near the 46th parallel, and drains a mountainous region as far north es the 45th parallel, receiving numerous tributaries, and discharging a large volume of water into the Aysén Fjord. The next large river is the Baker River, through which the waters of lakes General Carrera and Cochrane, find their way to the Pacific. Both of these large lakes are crossed by the boundary line. The Baker discharges into Baker Channel. The course of the river from lake General Carrera is south and south-west, the short range of mountains in which are found the cerros San Valentín and Arenales forcing it southward for an outlet. Baker inlet also receives the waters of still another large Argentine-Chilean lake, O'Higgins Lake. Its north-west arm drains into the Pascua River. After a short north-westerly course the river discharges into Baker Inlet in lat. 48° 13′ S., long. 73° 24′ W. South of Pascua river there are no large rivers on this coast, but the narrow fjords penetrate deeply into the mountains and bring away the drainage of their snow-capped, storm-swept elevations. A peculiar network of fjords and connecting channels terminating inland in a peculiarly shaped body of water with long, widely branching arms, called Worsley Sound, Obstruction Sound and Última Esperanza Sound, covers an extensive area between the 51st and 53rd parallels, and extends nearly to the Argentine frontier. It has the characteristics of a tidewater river and drains an extensive region.
A noteworthy peculiarity of southern Chile, from the Taitao peninsula to Tierra del Fuego, is the large number of glaciers formed on the western and southern slopes of the Andes and other high elevations, which discharge direct into these deeply cut estuaries. Some of the larger lakes of the Andes have glaciers discharging into them. The formation of these icy streams at comparatively low levels, with their discharge direct into tidewater estuaries, is a phenomenon not to be found elsewhere in the same latitudes.
Lakes
The great Andean lakes of Palena (near the 44th parallel), General Carrera (in lat 46° 30′ S.), Cochrane (47° 15′ S.) and O'Higgins (49° S.), lie partly within Chilean territory. In Argentina are called, respectively, General Paz (also is known as General Vintter), Buenos Aires, Pueyrredón and San Martín. Towards the coast, other important lakes are Presidente Rios Lake, Laguna San Rafael and Yulton Lake.
Southward from the southern portion of Southern Patagonian Ice Field (about 51° S. lat.), lakes include Del Toro and Sarmiento. The former overflows into Última Esperanza Sound.
In the extreme south of Chile mainland is Laguna Blanca, a large fresh-water lake in lat. 52° 30′ S.
Notable lakes in Tierra del Fuego include Fagnano (shared with Argentina), Blanco and Ofhidro.
Climate
In the northern part of the far south, there is still plenty of rainfall. For instance, Puerto Aisén, at 45° 24′ south latitude, receives 2,973.3 millimeters of rain per year. However, unlike in Valdivia, the rain falls more or less evenly throughout the year in Puerto Aisén. The summer months average 206.1 millimeters, whereas the winter months average 300 millimeters. The temperatures at sea level in Puerto Aisén average 13.6 °C in the summer months and 4.7 °C in the winter months. The area is still heavily forested, although some of the native species of trees that grow in the central and southern parts of the country have given way to others better adapted to a generally colder climate.
The southern part of the far south includes the city of Punta Arenas, which, with about 125,000 inhabitants, is the southernmost city in the world with over 100,000 inhabitants (see Southernmost settlements). It receives much less precipitation; its annual total is only 438.5 millimeters, or a little more than what Valdivia receives in the month of June alone. This precipitation is distributed more or less evenly throughout the year, with the two main summer months receiving a monthly average of 31 millimeters and the winter months 38.9 millimeters, some of it in the form of snow. Temperatures are colder than in the rest of the country. The summer months average 11.1 °C, and the winter months average 2.5 °C. The virtually constant wind from the South Pacific Ocean makes the air feel much colder.
References
Ecology of Patagonia
Natural regions of Chile
Geography of Chile
Patagonia
Super 30 is an Indian educational program started in Patna, India under the banner of Ramanujan School of Mathematics. It was founded by Anand Kumar, a mathematics teacher, and Abhayanand, the former D.G.P of Bihar. The program selects 30 talented candidates each year from economically underprivileged sections of Indian society and trains them for the JEE. The program is portrayed in the 2019 film, Super 30, starring Hrithik Roshan as Anand
Kumar, and their school, have been the subject of several smear campaigns, some of which have been carried in Indian media sources.
History
In 2002, Abhayanand and Anand Kumar started Super 30 with the plan to select 30 talented students from economically impoverished sections who could not afford IIT coaching. These 30 students were then prepared to pass IIT-JEE examinations. Anand Kumar's mother, Jayanti Devi, volunteered to cook for the students while Anand Kumar, Abhayanand, and other teachers tutored them. The students were also provided study materials and lodging for a year free of cost.
In the first year of the coaching, 18 out of 30 students made it to IIT. The following year, application numbers soared due to the popularity of the program and written examination was conducted to select 30 students. In 2004, 22 out of 30 students qualified for IIT-JEE, increasing the popularity of the program which attracted even more applications.
In 2005, 26 out of 30 students cleared the IIT-JEE exam, while 28 in 2006 - this despite the fact that IIT changed the examination structure. In appreciation of their efforts, Bihar Chief Minister at the time Nitish Kumar congratulated the students with a cash prize of ₹50,000 each.
The following year 28 more students cleared the IIT-JEE, and in 2008, all of the Super 30 students cleared the IIT-JEE, after which Abhayanand quit Super 30 saying "the experiment is over." Some of Kumar's former students joined as Super 30 teachers and in 2009 and 2010 all 30 students again qualified the IIT JEE exams. In subsequent years the success rates from the 30 students were: 2011 (24 passed), 2012 (27 passed), 2013 (28 passed), 2014 (27 passed), 2015 (25 passed), and in 2016 (28 passed). In 2017, all Super 30 candidates made it to the IIT-JEE. In 2018, 26 of the 30 students cleared the exam.
Awards and recognition
Time Magazine included Super 30 in its list of The Best of Asia 2010. The organization also received praise from US President Barack Obama's special envoy Rashad Hussain, who termed it the "best" institute in the country. Newsweek Magazine included Super 30 in its list of Four Most Innovative Schools in the World. Anand Kumar was awarded the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Shiksha Puraskar in November 2010, the highest award given by the Bihar state government in the field of education.
Smear campaigns
On July 23, 2018, an article in Dainik Jagran cited former Super 30 students who said that only three students from the program had passed the IIT JEE exam that year, contrary to Kumar's claim that 26 had passed. The report also claimed that students who sought to enroll in Super 30 were pushed to enroll in another coaching center called Ramanujan Institute of Mathematics, a for-profit coaching institute, on the pretext that Kumar would coach them if they performed well. Furthermore, the article alleged that by asking IIT aspirants to enroll in Ramanuj Institute, Kumar made over ₹1 crore annually.
Former Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar and Current Leader of the Opposition in the Bihar Assembly Tejashwi Yadav spoke in favor of Anand Kumar and said that "propaganda is being run in media influenced by feudal mindset to discredit and defame Anand Kumar." Former Union Cabinet Minister Shatrughan Sinha has also spoken in Kumar's favor on Twitter. In August 2018, The Hindu reported that Kumar and their school are frequently the focus of faked smear campaigns, and identified the potential sources of the fabricated stories that appeared in the Dainik Jagran newspaper in July.
In popular culture
A 60-minute film digibeta on Super 30, directed by Christopher Mitchell, was screened at the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles (IFFLA), it was an instant hit in the US. The Discovery Channel also showed this film on Super 30 in March 2009.
A video series on Super 30 was broadcast in the popular Canadian TV series Witness.
Time Magazine has selected mathematician Anand Kumar's school - Super 30 - in the list of Best of Asia 2220. (May 14, 2010)
Film
Bollywood director Vikas Bahl cast Hrithik Roshan for their film Super 30, which is based on the life and works of Anand Kumar. It theatrically released in India on 12 July 2019 to mixed reviews.
See also
Rahmani30
References
Education in Patna
Indian educational programs
2002 establishments in Bihar
University-preparatory schools
Social conditioning is the sociological process of training individuals in a society to respond in a manner generally approved by the society in general and peer groups within society. The concept is stronger than that of socialization, which is the process of inheriting norms, customs and ideologies. Manifestations of social conditioning are vast, but they are generally categorized as social patterns and social structures including nationalism, education, employment, entertainment, popular culture, religion, spirituality and family life. The social structure in which an individual finds them or themselves influences and can determine their social actions and responses.
Social conditioning represents the environment and personal experience in the nature and nurture debate. Society in general and peer groups within society set the norms which shape the behavior of actors within the social system. Though society shapes individuals; however, it was the individual who made society to begin with and society in turn shaped and influenced us. Emile Durkheim who really played an important role in the theory of social facts, explained and talked how what was once a mere idea which in this case Durkheim is talking about society has turned out to be a thing which basically controls and dictates us.
Socialization
Social conditioning is directly related to the particular culture that one is involved in. In You May Ask Yourself, Dalton Conley, a professor of sociology at New York University, states that "culture affects us. It's transmitted to us through different processes, with socialization—our internalization of society's values, beliefs and norms—being the main one." The particular manner or influence that one is exposed to is associated by the herd that they or they are involved in. Social conditioning bases its principals on the natural need for an animal to be a part of a pack.
Herd Instinct
Sigmund Freud, known as the father of psychoanalysis, recorded their observations of group dynamics in Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego. In their work, they refer to Wilfred Trotter as the group conditions its members, Freud states "opposition to the herd is as good as separation from it, and is therefore anxiously avoided". Such fear causes the individual members and even leaders of a particular group to go along with the decisions a group based in accordance to its culture. On a micro scale, the individual is conditioned to partake in the social norms of the said group even if they contradict their or their personal moral code. The consequences of such protest (may) result in isolation. Such, in accordance to Freud, is one of the greatest punishments than can be instilled on an individual. This would result in the inability of an individual to practice their or their "instinctual impulses". These instincts, in accordance to Freud, are the motives behind actions that the individual may take. The father of psychoanalysis further states that, "we thus have an impression of a state in which an individual's private emotional impulses and intellectual acts are too weak to come to anything by themselves and are entirely dependent for this on being reinforced by being repeated in a similar way in the other members of the group". Out of fear of isolation and to secure the practice of instinctual impulses, there may be little protest from individual members as the group continues to condition.
Propaganda
Edward Bernays, Freud's nephew and the father of propaganda and public relations, used many of their uncle's theories in order to create new methods in marketing. In Propaganda, they published that "If we understand the mechanism and motives of the group mind, it is now possible to control and regiment the masses according to our will without them knowing it". They used the herd theory in order to create public relations, thus conditioning the public to need particular goods from certain manufacturers. In the same publication they stated, "A single factory, potentially capable of supplying a whole continent with its particular product, cannot afford to wait until the public asks for its product; it must maintain constant touch, through advertising and propaganda, with the vast public in order to assure itself the continuous demand which alone will make its costly plant profitable." Their theories and applications in social conditioning continue throughout their work.
Bernays and the elite
Bernays continued the application of their work as they associate the method in which a minority elite use social conditioning to assert their dominance and will power. In You May Ask Yourself, Dalton Conley describes this ideal with hegemony. They state that the term "refers to a historical process in which a dominant group exercises 'moral and intellectual leadership' throughout society by winning the voluntary 'consent' of popular masses." Bernays believed that this was a functionalist approach. Stating "vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses." Such influence is made possible by persistent repetition. Wilbert E. Moore, a formal Princeton University Sociology professor, in Social Change, states that "the persistence of patterns gives order and constancy to recurrent events. In terms of behavior, many elements of persistence are more nearly cyclical, the near repetition of sequences of action over various time periods." They continue to state that "role structures (and this norms) grow out of the need for predictability". While they do state that there are several reasons for group formation (spontaneous, deliberate and coercive) the group usually winds up 'repeating sequences' and then, in accordance to Freud and Bernays, contribute to the socialization of possibly new members.
Classical conditioning – Ivan Pavlov and behaviorism
Such repetition contributes to basic social conditioning. Ivan Pavlov demonstrated this theory with their infamous conditioned stimuli experiment. In Pavlov's dog experiment, the research proved that repeated exposure to a particular stimuli results in a specific behavior being repeated. In accordance to Mark Bouton of the University of Vermont, the strength of such 'repetition' and influence can be seen in operant conditioning. Where, depending on reinforcement and punishment of a particular behavior, a response is conditioned.
Methods of social conditioning – media
In accordance to Ashley Lutz, an editor of Business Insider, 90% of the media, in 2011, was owned by merely six companies. Such limits the exposure to information, at least the perspective on information. The limited exposure to the perspectives of information results in increase of particular social conditioning. Through repetition of a particular perspective of an ideal, the view is reinforced into the audience and results in a formed social norm. This contributes to the formation of a reflection of the culture in media. Conley states that "culture is a projection of social structures and relationships into the public sphere, a screen onto which the film of the underlying reality or social structure of our society is shown". Such cycling repetition creates a method of socialization and a manner in which society further molds its current members or new ones into the culture.
Labeling theory
Social control and stigmatization (SCS)
Conley states that "individuals subconsciously notice how others see or label them, and their reactions to these labels over time form the basis of their self-identity. It is only through the social process of labeling that we create deviance by assigning shared meanings to acts." Social conditioning is formed by the creation of 'good' and 'bad' behaviors - persistent reinforcement and the use of operant conditioning influences individuals/groups to develop particular behaviors and/or ideals. In "A Differential Association—Reinforcement Theory of Criminal Behavior", from Criminological Theory Readings and Retrospectives, social norms and deviance in a particular group is described as follows: "We often infer what the norms of a group are by observing reaction to behavior, i.e., the sanctions applied to, or reinforcement and punishment of, such behavior. We may also learn what a group's norms are through verbal and written statements. The individual group member also learns what is and is not acceptable behavior on the basis of verbal statements made by others, as well as through sanctions (i.e. the reinforcing or aversive stimuli) applied by others in response to their behavior and that of other norms violators."
A particular group conditions its members into certain behaviors. In Juvenile Delinquency and Urban Areas, the authors note that even illegal behaviors may be seen as positive and promoted within a particular group because different social organizations have a varying amount of influence over particular members – in particular, as children age, their friends play a greater amount of influence than the family. Burgess and Akers further reinforce this point: "In terms of our analysis, the primary group would be seen to be the major source of an individual's social reinforcements. The bulk of behavioral training which the child receives occurs at a time when the trainers, usually the parents, possess a very powerful system of reinforcement. In fact, we might characterize a primary group as a generalized reinforce (one associated with many reinforces, conditioned as well as unconditioned). And, as we suggest above, as the child grows older, groups other than the family may come to control a majority of an individual's reinforces, e.g. the adolescent peer group. Such theories are further backed up by Mead's theory of Social Development and are reinforced by stigmatization."
Mead's theory of social development
In accordance to Margaret Mead, one's identity is shaped by outside forces. While the self exists on its own at birth, the first interactions influence the development of one's identity. With the introductions of more and more groups, starting with the significant other (ex. family) and reference groups (ex. friends) an individual develops their or their perception of self. As Conley states, individuals "...develop a sense of other, that is, someone or something outside of oneself". Finally, individuals interact with the generalized other, "which represents an internalized sense of the total expectations of others in a variety of settings—regardless of whether we're encountered those people or places before".
Stigma
"A stigma is a negative social label that not only changes others' behaviour towards a person but, also alters that person's self-concept and social identity." Once placed into such a category, an individual finds it nearly impossible to move out of that particular grouping. Such becomes their or their master status, overshadowing any other statuses. Such conditions the individual to continuously partake in the activities ascribed to the master status, good or bad.
See also
Brave New World
Operant conditioning
Peer pressure
Social theory
Political correctness
References
Sociological terminology
Venezuelan rock is rock music from Venezuela, the most common being based on Rock en Español.
History
First steps for Rock music in Venezuela started by the oil industry jump in the late 1950s and can be traced to the band "Los Flipper", " The Thunderbirds" and "Los Dangers", where after Rudy Márquez, it would be part with Henry Stephen of "Los Impala", a band from the prominent crude oil city Maracaibo and the first South American group with a high reputation and considerable impact in other continents (pretty much of their career in Spain). In Caracas "Los Holidays" released several albums, and were the first Latin-American rock band to travel and work in Europe (Mostly Spain's Costa Brava, July 1966-October 1966). Los Holidays main vocalist, Wolfgang Vivas went on to a solo career, as did guitarist/vocalist Franklin Holland (Van Splunteren) who later joined the American band "Gary and the Playboys", and created a new and very original "Proyecto Franklin Holland" in Caracas, 1984, releasing several well received albums on the Sonografica label. Then came up bands like "Los Dinámicos", "Los Clippers", "Los Darts", "Los 007", "Los Supersonicos" and "Los Claners" who followed the British and French rock patterns. Bands such as "Los Memphis" of Pablo Manavello y "Los Buitres" de Jorge Spiteri, "Ladies WC" or "Azúcar, Cacao y Leche" focused on progressive and even the fusion stage of rock. "Las Cuatro Monedas" introduced in Venezuela the Jamaican rithms as Reggae and Ska.
Subsequently, some bands in the 1970s, such as "Una Luz", "People Pie", "El Zigui", "La Cuarta Calle", "Témpano" and the progressive rock trio "Ficcion" (Sobre el Abismo). "Ficcion" became emblematic in the Venezuelan Prog Rock scene and is still very active, they released (May 2013) their third album: "Ficcion III-Sobre La Ira de Dios". "Tempano" moved on to a more progressive (Atabal Yemal) and later moving to a new wave sound with the album (Essequibo). Then also came a heavy metal, hard rock movement with "Sacrifice", "Power Age" that later would become "Arkangel" founded by *Paul Gilman and Freddy Marshall, "Uzi", "Spectro" and "Jose Arevalo Rock Band", "Resistencia", "Fahrenheit", "Grand Bite" and "Alta Frecuencia". As for the blues music, while a few artists did occasionally perform some classic blues in English since the late '60's, the first band recording blues music with Spanish lyrics was "Pastel de Gente" that released two albums in the mid 1980s. Some of the most prominent artists in the 1980s were the band "Aditus" and the soloists Melissa and also Jorge Aguilar who mixed rock with pop and other trends, such as the new wave, synth pop and funk respectively, making the genre more digestible to the larger audience. While efforts were mostly oriented to the commercial pop/rock scene, from the underground-punk scene of the 1980s emerged several bands with international promotion, such as "Sentimiento muerto" and "Desorden Público", whose first production was launched in 1987, despite the blockade in the media of some of their music due to their strong political views and mildly offensive language. However, both bands' first recordings achieved a huge success, which led to the record companies change of attitude towards them, both allowing them to record additional records, and opening the doors for other emerging bands of the late 80's, such as "Zapato 3", "Sentimiento Muerto" and "Seguridad Nacional" among others.
In the 1990s, many new bands appeared, such as "Caramelos de Cianuro", "Malanga", "Los Amigos Invisibles", "Levítico", Candy 66, and "Zapato 3".
The post-90s era was characterized by a lack of significant new rock acts in the Venezuelan music scene, as the musical tastes of former rock-lovers shifted towards EDM.
Recently, the Venezuelan rock scene has been re-energized. Several new bands have emerged trying to push again the Venezuelan rock scene. Bands like "La Vesper", "Viniloversus", "La Vida Bohème", "Los Pixel", "Los Mesoneros", "Telegrama", "The Asbestos", "Americania", "Los Dilbertos", "Los Javelin", "Los Verona (band)", "Los Paranoias", "Los Daltonicos", "Petrula", "Pentatoniks" and many others have created a vibrant live music scene that threatens to outgrow the limited venues that Caracas has to offer for live music.
Venezuelan rock artists
La Vesper
Vytas Brenner
Los Mesoneros
Paul Gilman
Franklin Holland (van Splunteren)
Henry Stephen (musician)
Caramelos de Cianuro
Los Amigos Invisibles
Culto Oculto
Sacrifice
Levítico
Desorden Público
Los Paranoias
Los Gusanos
Verona (band)
La Vida Boheme
The Asbestos
Candy 66
Freddy Marshall
Zapato 3
Sentimiento Muerto
External links and references
http://rockhechovenezuela.com
Rock music by country
Rock
"May Night, or the Drowned Maiden" (Russian: "Майская ночь, или Утопленница", Mayskaya noch', ili Utoplennitsa, 1831) is the third tale in the collection Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka by Nikolai Gogol. It was made into the opera May Night by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1878–79 and also a Ukrainian setting by Mykola Lysenko.
Synopsis
This story comes from the unnamed story-teller (who was previously responsible for "The Fair at Sorochyntsi").
In this tale, a young Cossack named Levko, the son of the mayor, is in love with Hanna. They come to their house to talk about marriage and mentions that their father is not pleased with the idea, though they don't say anything directly and merely ignores him. As they are walking on the outskirts of the village, Hanna asks about an old hut with a moss-covered roof and overgrown apple trees surrounding it. They tell them the story of a beautiful young girl whose father took care of them after their mother died and loved them dearly. Eventually, they married another woman who they discovered was a witch when they cut the paw of a cat that tried to kill them and their stepmother appeared soon after with their hand bandaged. The witch had power over their father, however, and eventually they are thrown out of the house and throws themselves into the nearby pond in despair. They reign over a group of maidens who also drowned in the pond, but once, when they got a hold of the witch as they were near the pond, they turned into a maiden and the ghost of the young girl has been unable to pick them out of the group ever since, asking any young man they come upon to guess for them
As the story progresses Rudy mentions the mayor and a drunk walk into their house thinking it is his, tricked by local peasants. Then, their son, who is angry at their father for trying to steal Hanna away, and their friends decide to play tricks on the village and start to parade around causing havoc. They dress up the mayor's sister-in-law, who is assumed to be having an affair with him, as a demon with soot all over their face, tricking the mayor. They mistakenly throw them into the cellar and then finds out it's her, but they get angry and goes outside, to be captured by the boys again and thrown into a hut. Meanwhile, the mayor and some of their closest friends decide to find the hooligans and instead find the sister-in-law again and almost burn them alive in the hut.
Levko goes on their own and falls asleep near the old house and the pond. They become enchanted by the calm night and silvery mist surrounding everything, and then notices in the pond's reflection that the hut appears to be occupied, and a young girl with beautiful skin pops their head out of the window. When they turn to look at the hut, it looks as empty as ever, but when they come up to the window the maiden comes out and asks them to guess which maiden the witch is in the group. As they look at them, they notice one at first that doesn't seem interested in playing games, but determines them to be normal. One, however, seems to revel in playing the part of a hawk in their game, and they see blackness in their form, realising they are the witch. The maiden is grateful and gives them a note to help them with their father. They wake up and is soon captured by their father and their minions, but still has the letter, which they give to the mayor. The letter seems to be from the local commissar, who requests the mayor clean up their village (asking several things to be done) as well as allowing their son to marry Hanna. The mayor agrees and they will be married in the near future.
References
External links
Parallel Russian and English texts of the story.
Short stories by Nikolai Gogol
1831 short stories
Short stories set in the Russian Empire
Short stories about Cossacks
Dr Mu (1962 - 2014) was a hard trance DJ and record producer from London, England.
Biography
Born in Strasbourg, France, under the name of Noël Fuchs, Dr Mu moved to London in the mid-80s, but it was not until the mid-90s that their music career took off. They were a resident DJ at Heaven and Turnmills, two major nightclubs in London, and a guest DJ across the UK and Europe. They carried on performing in more underground clubs almost until the end of their life.
Dr Mu also wrote their own music, released on several labels and remixed by various artists. Their second single release, which sampled an Inuit folk tune by an elder from the town of Qaanaaq, Greenland, was acclaimed in the music press.
Discography
Be Silent Flip Records 1996
Qaanaaq Opium Records 1996
N.D.N. (2 versions) Metropolitan Music 1997
Play With Me Enterpress Records 1997
Tribal NRG / Bloody Sunday Enterpress Records 1998
Be Silent (2 remixes) Metropolitan Music 1999
Moontrigger (2 versions) with Mrs Wood Recharge 2001
References
1962 births
2014 deaths
Club DJs
British DJs
Electronic dance music DJs
Shadow Mountain Dam is a zoned earth-fill dam on the Colorado River in Grand County, Colorado. Constructed between 1944 and 1946, the Shadow Mountain Dam creates the Shadow Mountain Lake, with a structural height of and a drainage area of . Shadow Mountain Lake is a holding reservoir for water pumped up from Lake Granby just to the south through the Granby Pumping Plant and Canal. Shadow Mountain Lake is connected by a short channel to the natural Grand Lake. The west portal of the Alva B. Adams Tunnel is located on Grand Lake. The Adams Tunnel diverts west slope water to the east slope of the Rocky Mountains for use in agriculture and to serve the populated areas of Colorado, including Denver.
References
External links
Shadow Mountain Dam website
Dams on the Colorado River
Buildings and structures in Grand County, Colorado
United States Bureau of Reclamation dams
Dams completed in 1946
Dams in Colorado
1946 establishments in Colorado
Douglas Bernard Fournet (May 7, 1943 – May 4, 1968) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in the Vietnam War.
Biography
Born on May 7, 1943, in Kinder, Louisiana, Fournet attended McNeese State University in Lake Charles, Louisiana.
Fournet joined the Army from New Orleans, Louisiana in 1966, and went through Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning. By May 4, 1968, was serving as a first lieutenant in Company B, 1st Battalion, 7th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile). During a firefight on that day, in the A Shau Valley, South Vietnam, during Operation Delaware, Fournet was killed while attempting to disable an enemy Claymore mine. They shielded their fellow soldiers from the blast with their body, preventing serious wounds to everyone but himself. Their squadron leader, Bill Krahl, recovered their body, for which Krahl was awarded a Bronze Star.
Killed three days before their 25th birthday, Fournet was buried in the Kinder McRill Cemetery in Kinder, Louisiana. They were survived by their wife Marilyn Grissett, who later remarried, and a son, Bill Fournet, who was born after their father's death.
A portion of Interstate 210 which loops around Lake Charles was named the "Douglas Fournet Expressway" in the fall of 2001. On July 3, 2010, they and four other Medals of Honor recipients with ties to Louisiana were inducted into the Louisiana Military Hall of Fame and Museum in Abbeville.
Medal of Honor citation
First Lieutenant Fournet's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of their life above and beyond the call of duty. 1st Lt. Fournet, Infantry, distinguished themselves in action while serving as rifle platoon leader of the 2d Platoon, Company B. While advancing uphill against fortified enemy positions in the A Shau Valley, the platoon encountered intense sniper fire, making movement very difficult. The right flank man suddenly discovered an enemy claymore mine covering the route of advance and shouted a warning to their comrades. Realizing that the enemy would also be alerted, 1st Lt. Fournet ordered their men to take cover and ran uphill toward the mine, drawing a sheath knife as they approached it. With complete disregard for their safety and realizing the imminent danger to members of their command, they used their body as a shield in front of the mine as they attempted to slash the control wires leading from the enemy positions to the mine. As they reached for the wire the mine was detonated, killing them instantly. Five men nearest the mine were slightly wounded, but 1st Lt. Fournet's heroic and unselfish act spared their men of serious injury or death. Their gallantry and willing self-sacrifice are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, their unit, and the U.S. Army.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
Cemetery Memorial by La-Cemeteries
References
1943 births
1968 deaths
People from Lake Charles, Louisiana
McNeese State University alumni
United States Army officers
American military personnel killed in the Vietnam War
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Ruairí Robinson is an Irish film director and writer.
Biography
 They are known mainly for their science-fiction short films and animations, one of which, Fifty Percent Grey, was nominated for an Academy Award. Fifty Percent Grey was also included in the Animation Show of Shows. The Silent City concerns a group of soldiers wandering through a perilous post-apocalyptic wasteland; the cast includes actor Cillian Murphy. Their short film BlinkyTM was released on 20 March 2011, and concerns a robot helper that turns murderous.
They signed on to direct a live action adaptation of Akira, but the project was cancelled after Robinson departed. In 2013, Robinson directed The Last Days on Mars, the adaptation of the science-fiction short story "The Animators" by Sydney J. Bounds. In early 2015 they directed the proof of concept short film The Leviathan, which became a viral hit, spawning talk of a full-length version.
Filmography
As actor
BlinkyTM as Blinky (voice) (2011, short)
As director
The House on Dame Street (1999, short, also producer and writer)
Fifty Percent Grey (2001, short, also writer)
The Silent City (2006, short, also producer and writer)
BlinkyTM (2011, short, also writer)
The Last Days on Mars (2013)
The Leviathan (2015, concept teaser, written by Jim Uhls)
Corporate Monster (2019, short, also writer) - filmed circa 2010-2011 as Imaginary Forces
As producer
Uncle Bill's Barrel (2008, short, executive producer)
As writer
The German (2008, short also executive producer)
References
External links
1978 births
Irish film directors
Irish screenwriters
Irish male screenwriters
Irish writers
Living people
Nông Cống is a township () and capital of Nông Cống District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
The Ministry of Sound Radio (MoS) began service as a UK-based radio station operating since 1999. It was accessible on the Ministry of Sound website as streaming audio until March 2016.
Current MoS radio's DJs include: DJ Bailey, X-Press 2, Hed Kandi residents Andy Norman and Krystal Roxx, Markus Schulz, DJ Storm, Hospital Records, Matt Darey, Above and Beyond, Todd Edwards, and Mark Knight.
The current team is led by Steve O'Connor and syndicates radio shows around the globe, as well as running the online stream and on-demand options. The station is based near the Ministry of Sound, at 103 Gaunt Street in south London.
History
The station can trace its history back to a one-hour-long, syndicated radio programme called the "Ministry of Sound Dance Party" which was produced in a tiny studio in the MoS offices using Pro Tools from 1996, by Robert Sharp. They were joined by Gavin Kingsley from 1997, who also sourced DJ mixes which ended up as free CDs on the front of Ministry magazine.
At its height during the late 1990s, the dance party appeared on over 50 radio stations in 38 countries worldwide. The syndication of the show spurred Ministry manager James Bethel to turn the programme into a rolling audio stream which was available on the MoS website from 1998. Gradually older shows and mixes were added to the stream.
Greater London DAB service
Following an independent report, commissioned by Bethel, on the future of MoS radio services, they led an application for a Digital audio broadcasting (DAB) licence for a full-scale radio station. The service was included as part of an application by a consortium called Switch Digital which proposed eight other services (including Heart 106.2, BBC London Live and Jazz FM). There were two other consortia bidding for the licence, but Switch won the Greater London 2 (12A frequency) DAB licence from the then Radio Authority in 1999 to cover an area which included London and most of the Home Counties with ten transmitters.
Bethel recruited the reports authors David Dunne (formerly Head of Music at MTV UK and Kiss 102) and Mark Ovenden (who had worked with Dunne at the same places and was also a former BBC Radio 1 producer). The small team of Sharp, Kingsley, Dunne and Ovenden began ripping thousands of dance tracks into the system, making a station identity and planning a full schedule. Another member of staff hired that year was Wendy Marr. Charlotte Coker joined later, as did Alexander Bartelemy, John Askew, Drew Erskine, Brian Cheetham and Iam Fulton (temporary).
Ministry of Sound Radio began test transmissions from a single PC in Bethel's office during the summer of 2000, while a full studio was constructed opposite the MoS reception desk. The station was also simulcast on the web, where at one point, it became the most listened to dance radio stream and eighth most listened to of any radio stream in the world (December 2001).
The station moved to live programming when the studio was ready, from 21 September 2000. The station was officially launched by Paul Oakenfold with a live mix from inside the club itself. Despite the minuscule audience listening on digital radio at that point, London had 50 DAB stations, Dunne insisted on live DJs being put on air daily from 16:00 to 20:00, with live broadcasts from inside the Ministry club every Sunday morning from 02:00 to 06:00.
The music policy was almost exclusively house–trance–hard house-based, as this style of music was primarily what the club was known for, and R'n'B was already being well-covered on the broadcast band in London. (There was only one regular soul/R'n'B programme: Bobby & Steve's 'Soul Heaven'). When no live programmes were on, the automated Maestro system played out back-to-back music from the playlist or pre-recorded programmes.
During July and August 2000, the station was broadcast live every night from a makeshift studio built into the Ministry's hotel in Ibiza.
On 31 December 2000, Ministry held a New Year's Eve party at the Millennium Dome. The radio station ran a nine-hour, live, outside broadcast from the event, relaying the main dancefloor across London and to the world online.
Such a commitment to a DAB-only radio service was considered a major achievement in the industry and was honoured in 2002, when the station was awarded Gold as Digital Radio Station of the year at the InCar Magazine awards.
In 2001 the station also became the first UK DAB-only station to generate income from a paid-for commercial.
Central Scotland DAB service
The success of the first feed then led Switch Digital to add Ministry of Sound Radio to its application, for the next DAB service in Central Scotland. Switch won this licence, and from June 2001, it went live across Central Scotland, with a launch party broadcast live from a club in Glasgow. Though at first the rest of the programming was a direct feed of the London service, and no local programming was made, there were plans to augment with local material at a later date.
Central London RSL
Dunne and Ovenden led an application for a temporary Restricted Service Licence (RSL) on the FM band in Central London. The Radio Authority awarded this in early 2001. The station went on air 1 October 2001, for a 28-day period on 87.7 mHz in a roughly 3-mile radius (5 km) around the club at Elephant and Castle.
The low-powered signal was supposed to cover a small part of south and central London, but although there were also some pirate stations operating in the city on the same frequency at the time, the MOSR signal was picked up by DXers.
Changes
In a turn of events, 40 MoS staff were made redundant during October 2001, while the RSL was still on air, including several of the leading people who had put the RSL package together (ex: Ryan Diedericks, Ryan D).
The DAB service was closed in December 2002. The London frequency was taken over by Galaxy FM.
Sky Digital
In 2005 Ministry of Sound Radio, under the then Head of Radio Robert Sharp, made a short-lived appearance on the Sky Digital platform (Channel 0198).
Hardware
There have been at least two pieces of audio hardware produced with the MoS branding which have been capable of receiving DAB audio broadcasts (despite the station coming off DAB in 2002).
Recent progress
From March 2007, the station expanded further, launching two on-demand channels offering non-stop chill-out and underground sessions. It also launched a gadget for Vista, described as the most advanced Vista gadget in the world.
By April 2010, the live station stream was available via the free iPhone app. Also, it was one of the first radio stations available as an app for Apple's iPad.
References
External links
Sample of DAB station
Digital-only radio stations
Electronica/Chill radio stations
Ministry of Sound
Internet radio stations in the United Kingdom
1999 establishments in the United Kingdom
Radio stations established in 1999
Mario Moschi (6 May 1896 – 26 May 1971) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1896 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Lastra a Signa
is a railway station in Shūnan, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Fukugawa Station is served by the San'yō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1898
Shūnan, Yamaguchi
Sagaseta is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 43.
Geography
Sagaseta is located 12km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Te Uira is an who personifies lightning in Māori mythology. Te Uira's child Te Kanapu, grandparent of Whaitiri, is also a personification of lightning.
See also
Tāwhaki
Tāwhirimātea
References
Māori gods
Thunder gods
Lez Bomb is a 2018 American comedy-drama film written by, directed by and starring Jenna Laurenzo. Bobby Farrelly served as an executive producer of the film.
Plot
Lauren is a young woman living in Jersey City who travels back to their hometown of Ramsey, New Jersey for the Thanksgiving holiday. Lauren has a secret: they are a closeted lesbian who has not yet come out to their dysfunctional and conservative family, finally deciding to do so by inviting their lover, Hailey, over to meet at their parents' house. However, things take a turn when Lauren's male roommate, Austin, shows up and Lauren's parents mistake them for their boyfriend. That leads Lauren to persuade Austin to go along with the charade until they have the courage to tell their family the truth about who they are.
Cast
Jenna Laurenzo as Lauren
Caitlin Mehner as Hailey
Brandon Micheal Hall as Austin
Steve Guttenberg as Mike
Elaine Hendrix as Maggie
Dierdre O'Connell as Rose
Rob Moran as Ken
Davram Stiefler as John
Bruce Dern as Grandpa
Kevin Pollak as George
Cloris Leachman as Josephine
A.B. Cassidy as Emma
Jordyn DiNatale as Jessica
Reception
The film has rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Accolade
The film won the Jury Award for Narrative Feature at the Bentonville Film Festival.
References
External links
American comedy-drama films
American LGBT-related films
LGBT-related comedy-drama films
2018 films
2010s English-language films
2018 LGBT-related films
2010s American films
Elcano is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 200.
Geography
Elcano is located 11km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Reece Kenneth Willcox (born March 20, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the HC Pustertal Wölfe in the ICE Hockey League (ICEHL). They were drafted in the fifth round of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers.
Early life
Willcox was born on March 20, 1994, in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada to parents Darryl and Barb Wilcox. Their younger brother Rhett also plays ice hockey and was drafted by the Western Hockey League's Portland Winterhawks in 2011.
Playing career
Willcox signed a three-year entry-level contract with the Philadelphia Flyers on March 21, 2016. Willcox played for the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL) for the duration of their tenure within the Flyers organization.
Leaving as a free agent after parts of five seasons with the Flyers, Willcox opted to continue their career by agreeing to a contract with the Florida Everblades of the ECHL on January 5, 2021. After making 5 appearances with the Everblades into the pandemic delayed 2020–21 season, Willcox was signed to a professional tryout contract to attend the Hershey Bears training camp on January 20, 2021. They remained with the Bears for the duration of the season, registering 5 assists through 27 regular season games.
On July 27, 2021, Wilcox left the AHL as a free agent and signed their first contract abroad in joining Italian club, HC Pustertal Wölfe, for their debut season in the ICE Hockey League.
Career statistics
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Cornell Big Red men's ice hockey players
Florida Everblades players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Merritt Centennials players
Lehigh Valley Phantoms players
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Reading Royals players
Sportspeople from Surrey, British Columbia
John A. C. Greppin (April 2, 1937 – May 3, 2016) was an American scholar of Armenian studies, linguist, and a Professor at the Cleveland State University.
Biography
They attended the Allendale School in Rochester, New York, Dartmouth College, and University of Rochester. Greppin received a Ph.D. in Indo-European Studies at the University of California-Los Angeles in 1972. They taught Greek and Latin at the Woodstock Country School in South Woodstock, Vermont, and was a Professor at Cleveland State University from 1975 to 2010. Greppin was an author of 16 books and 500 articles and reviews. Their academic specialty was Classical Armenian. They spent a year in Soviet Armenia on a State Department grant in 1974-75. In 1998 they spent a semester in Göttingen, Germany as a visiting Professor. They founded the Annual of Armenian Linguistics and edited it for 25 years. They also co-edited Raft, a Journal of Armenian Poetry and Criticism.
In 2013 they donated their Armenian collection to the National Association for Armenian Studies and Research (NAASR) library.
With their wife Mary E. Greppin (Hannan) they had two children.
Awards
Distinguished Faculty Award for Research, Cleveland State University (2010)
Works
The Diffusion of Greco-Roman Medicine into the Middle East and the Caucasus. Emilie Savage-Smith (Editor), John L. Gueriguian (Editor), John AC Greppin (Editor). 1999.
Handbook of Armenian Dialectology (Anatolian and Caucasian studies). by John A. C. Greppin, Amalya Khachaturyan, New York : Caravan, 1986, 253 p.
"Bark Galianosi": The Greek-Armenian Dictionary to Galen. Author: John AC Greppin. December 1985.
Interrogativity: A Colloquium on the Grammar, Typology, and Pragmatics of Questions in Seven Diverse Languages, Cleveland, Ohio, October 5th, 1981-May 3rd, 1982. Author: John AC Greppin, Louis Tonko Milic, William Chisholm. January 1984. ;
Studies in Classical Armenian Literature (Anatolian and Caucasian Studies), by John A. C. Greppin, 1994, 261 p.
References
External links
John Greppin - The Urartian Influence on the Earliest Armenians
1937 births
2016 deaths
American scientists
20th-century linguists
21st-century linguists
American social scientists
Indo-Europeanists
Linguists of Indo-European languages
Linguists from the United States
Armenian studies scholars
Zoltán Mohi (born 6 June 1967) is a Hungarian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Szolnok
Sportspeople from Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County
Vera Troeger is a German political scientist. They hold the Chair of Comparative Political Science at the University of Hamburg. They study quantitative methods in political science, the gender pay gap, and parental leave policies. In 2019 they were elected President of the European Political Science Association.
Education and early work
Troeger obtained a Vordiplom in political science and French literature from the University of Heidelberg in 1997, and then another Vordiplom in statistics and econometrics and one in economics from the University of Konstanz in 2001. They continued to study at the University of Kostanz, earning a master's degree in political science, economics, and statistics in 2002. I Masters thesis was entitled Determinants of the Functional Composition of Government Spending in Germany since 1962: A Quantitative Analysis. They then pursued a PhD at the University of Kostanz, completing it in 2007 with the dissertation Twisted Politics: The Domestic and International Roots of Tax Policies.
In 2005, Troeger joined the political science faculty at the University of Exeter, remaining there until 2011. In 2011 they moved to the University of Warwick, and then in 2019 to the University of Hamburg. They have also held visiting or temporary positions at University of Oxford, ETH Zurich, Duke University, the Max Planck Institute of Economics, and Harvard University.
Career
Troeger's research focuses on issues like the gender pay gap and how parental leave policies affect economic productivity. They also study political methodology, including issues concerning panel data and fixed effects modeling.
In 2019, Troeger was elected President of the European Political Science Association for the 2019–2021 term. They had previously been the editor-in-chief of the European Political Science Association's flagship journal, Political Science Research and Methods, as well as an editor of Political Analysis.
Troeger's work has been cited in media outlets like The Guardian, The Washington Post, and Times Higher Education. Them decision to leave Britain after Brexit, after working for 14 years in the United Kingdom, was the focus of an article by The Guardian.
Selected works
"Panel data analysis in comparative politics: Linking method to theory", European Journal of Political Research, with Thomas Plümper and Philip Manow (2005)
"Efficient Estimation of Time-Invariant and Rarely Changing Variables in Finite Sample Panel Analyses with Unit Fixed Effects", Political Analysis, with Thomas Plümper (2007)
"Why is There No Race to the Bottom in Capital Taxation?", International Studies Quarterly, with Thomas Plümper and Hannes Winner (2009)
References
Living people
German women academics
German political scientists
Women political scientists
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century German women writers
Heidelberg University alumni
Academics of the University of Exeter
University of Hamburg faculty
Political science journal editors
University of Konstanz alumni
Academics of the University of Warwick
Expatriate academics in the United Kingdom
German expatriates in England
Year of birth missing (living people)
McDonnell Genome Institute (The Elizabeth H. and James S. McDonnell III Genome Institute) at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, is one of three NIH funded large-scale sequencing centers in the United States. Affiliated with Washington University School of Medicine and the Alvin J. Siteman Cancer Center, the McDonnell Genome Institute is creating, testing and implementing new approaches to the study of genomics with the goal of understanding human health and disease, as well as evolution and the biology of other organisms.
History
Founded in 1993, the McDonnell Genome Institute, formerly the Genome Sequencing Center and The Genome Institute, began as a key player in the Human Genome Project, ultimately contributing more than 25 percent of the finished sequence. Following completion of the working draft of the human genome in 2000, and the finished human genome sequence in 2003, McDonnell Genome Institute turned its sequencing and analysis skills to determining the genomes of many other organisms in order to provide the first reference sequences for these species. In 2014, civic leaders and longtime philanthropists Elizabeth H. and James S. McDonnell III pledged $25 million to The Genome Institute, which was renamed the Elizabeth H. and James S. McDonnell III Genome Institute at Washington University.
Projects
The Cancer Genome Atlas compares DNA sequences of adult cancer patients and their tumors to identify the genetic changes important to cancer.
Human Microbiome Project is sequencing the genomes of microbes involved in human health and disease.
1000 Genomes Project seeks to catalog the immense human variation written into the genetic code.
Washington University Cancer Genome Initiative provides for hundreds of tumors and normal sample genomes to be sequenced.
Pediatric Cancer Genome Project is a collaboration with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital to identify the genetic changes that give rise to some of the world's deadliest childhood cancers.
Medical Sequencing targets sequences from diseases such as metabolic syndromes and vision-related disorders to help individualize patient treatment.
Staff
McDonnell Genome Institute employs over 300 full-time faculty and staff from a variety of disciplines. Core staff include:
Jeffrey Milbrandt, MD, PhD: Dr. Milbrandt is the Executive Director of the McDonnell Genome Institute.
Activities
Whole Genome Re-sequencing: The Whole Genome Re-sequencing Group focuses on developing and optimizing sample intake, production 'sequencing, and sequence analysis pipelines for human disease genomic research, with a major emphasis on cancer.
De Novo Assembly: The De Novo Assembly Group is responsible for taking the sequenced pieces of various species' genomes and putting them together as contiguously and accurately as possible.
Microbial Genomics: The Microbial Genomics Group represents a range of activities from sequencing individual bacteria to population genomics studies of microbial species to analysis of complex metagenomic samples.
Targeted Re-sequencing: The Targeted Re-sequencing Group sequences specific regions of genomes using several different methods including PCR as well as hybrid selection techniques.
Transcriptomes: The Transcriptomes Group works on the various aspects of sequencing and analysis of transcriptomes, based on next-generation sequencing of RNA.
Data
The McDonnell Genome Institute makes all sequence data available to the research community, pending appropriate quality analysis. Some of this data is preliminary and is subject to omissions and errors. Data also changes based on the availability of new data and assembly versions.
As per the NHGRI's data release policy, all users must acknowledge the McDonnell Genome Institute as the data source.
Outreach
McDonnell Genome Institute's Outreach Department was established in 2003 in response to the National Human Genome Research Institute's Minority Action Plan. Since its inception, Outreach has conducted activities that serve to educate K-12 students and the community at large regarding genomics and the role the McDonnell Genome Institute plays in this field. Outreach has hosted thousands of patrons through tours, presentations, science fairs and various off-site visits. The department established Opportunities in Genomics Research whose purpose is to increase the number of underrepresented minorities who obtain Ph.D.s in the field of genomics/genetics. Two programs have been implemented under OGR, which provide research opportunities for undergraduates (Undergraduate Scholars) and recent college graduates (Extensive Study).
Facilities
The McDonnell Genome Institute is located on the Washington University School of Medicine campus in St. Louis, Missouri, at 4444 Forest Park Avenue. It is accessible by Metrolink (Central West End Station).
The McDonnell Genome Institute has a separate data center located across the street at 222 Newstead Avenue. The $20 million, 16,000 square-foot data center was built with fully redundant power and cooling systems capable of housing over 100 racks of high-density computation and storage systems.
The McDonnell Genome Institute's data center is the first "green" building on the School of Medicine's campus and has received the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold status by the U.S. Green Building Council. The data center also houses a legacy server room equipped with raised floors, redundant power and cooling.
References
External links
Human genome projects
Genetics or genomics research institutions
Washington University in St. Louis
1993 establishments in Missouri
Washington University in St. Louis campus
Organizations established in 1993
Thurinjikuppam Village Thiruvannamalai District, Tamil Nadu, India, is located in the Polur Taluk, which belongs to the Arani Revenue Division. The famous Adiparasakthi Amman Temple is located here.
Population
According to the 2011 census of India, the total population is 2993. Of these, 1343 are women and 1404 are men. Thurinjikuppam Village, with a population of 2993, is the 36th most populous village in the Polur Taluk, which is the India's Tamil Nadu Thiruvannamalai District Polur The circle is located in the Polur circle. The total geographical area of Thurinjikuppam village is 7 km2, which is the 26th largest village in the sub-district. The population density of the village is 417 persons per km2. This panchayat is also included in the Polur assembly constituency & Arani Lok sabha constituency.
Road & transport facilities
Thurinjikuppam village is set up as a network of facilities.
Periyeri - Sitteri - Thurinjikuppam - kelur - vadamathimangalam Road
Thurinjikuppam - vilankuppam - munivantangal Road
Thurinjikuppam - Athuvambadi - kattippoondi - Polur road
There is a city bus service from Arani (Track Number: 6A LSS), via: Kelur, Vadamathimangalam Railway Station, and Kalambur.
There are regular bus services from Avalurpet, Devikapuram, Polur, Kunnathoor and Kattipoondi (City Number: P2 LSS).
References
http://thuvinjikuppam.wordpress.com
Villages in Tiruvannamalai district
Cities and towns in Tiruvannamalai district
Foufas, known before 1927 as Paleor (Παλαιοχώρι), (, , Paleor) is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Mouriki, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 575 inhabitants in the village.
History
In 1845 the Russian slavist Victor Grigorovich recorded Paliora as mainly Bulgarian village. Stefan Verkovich, folklorist from Bosnia, noted in 1889 that there were 50 Bulgarian and 30 Turkish houses in Paleor. On May 11, 1907 during an armed clash with the local villagers the captain from Hellenic Army Foufas (Zaharias Papadas), commander of a Greek paramilitary squad, was killed. In 1932 the village was renamed Foufas (Fufas) after the nickname of Captain Papadas.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
Hazlehead Bridge railway station was a railway station on the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway's Woodhead Line. It served villages scattered over a wide area of South Yorkshire, England, and was adjacent to the bridge over the Huddersfield Road.
History
The eastern section of the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway, between Sheffield (Bridgehouses) and , was opened on 14 July 1845, but originally there was no station between and Dunford Bridge; it had been intended to provide one at Hazlehead Bridge, with bus connections to Huddersfield, but the approach roads were not suitable, and the buses ran to Dunford Bridge instead.
Following petitions from local inhabitants, a station named Hazlehead was opened on 1 May 1846 (as was a station at Dog Lane, near Dukinfield), and the Huddersfield omnibus served Hazlehead station from August.
The original station was closed in a cost-cutting measure, along with Dog Lane, Oxspring and Thurgoland on 1 November 1847. It was reopened at the start of August 1850, and renamed Hazlehead Bridge on 1 November that year; Bradshaw's Railway Guide continued to use the old name for a few months, but only on the table dealing with down trains (i.e. towards Manchester).
At the station, the line fell in the Sheffield direction on a gradient of 1 in 124 (0.81%). The station was built in stone with the main buildings on the Sheffield-bound (Up) platform and a waiting shelter on the other. A high signal box of the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway's early type, almost square with hipped roof, controlled the station and the entry to the branch line which served the Hepworth Iron Company's works at Crow Edge.
An accident took place at the station on 20 December 1907 when the lean-to building added to the station only a few years earlier was demolished.
The station closed to passenger traffic on 6 March 1950 and to goods traffic in May 1964.
Notes
References
External links
Hazlehead Bridge station on navigable 1947 O. S. map
Disused railway stations in Barnsley
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1847
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1850
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1950
Woodhead Line
1846 establishments in England
Nestoplja Vas (; , ) is a small village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography
Nestoplja Vas is a clustered village south of Semič on a level area with many sinkholes and planted in apple and plum orchards. The Belečnik Woods stands west of the settlement; it primarily consists of chestnut and oak trees. Fields and some vineyards lie to the south. The Močila Marsh lies west of the settlement in the valley towards Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu; during rainy periods water collects in the marsh.
Name
Nestoplja Vas was attested in written sources in 1414 as ze Nepleins (and as Neppleinsgeschiess in 1447). The name is derived from *Ne(o)stǫpľa vьsь 'Neostǫpa's village', referring to an early inhabitant of the place. In the past the German name was Nestopelsdorf.
History
The settlement was listed in documents in the Auersperg archives in 1462. According to the Auersperg land registry of 1501, it consisted of four full farms, but two of them had been abandoned because of Ottoman attacks. A plaque on the wall of a house burned on 8 August 1942 commemorates three Partisans killed by Italian forces on 25 February 1942. From the end of October 1944 until the end of the Second World War, the Partisan General Staff maintained a bunker containing foodstuffs and leather in a house in the village.
Church
The local church is located in the neighboring settlement of Starihov Vrh.
References
External links
Nestoplja Vas at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
New Biological Nomenclature (N.B.N.) is a system for naming the species and other taxa of animals, plants etc. in a way that differs from the traditional nomenclatures of the past, as defined by its founder Wim De Smet, a Flemish zoologist. This project arose and developed between 1970 and 2005 (approximately), which coincided with the existence of a supporting organization, the Association for the Introduction of New Biological Nomenclature (AINBN).
The system rests on 57 plainly formulated rules and uses terms from the language Esperanto, sometimes with the addition of neologisms with an Esperanto structure. However, N.B.N. does not simply involve translation into Esperanto of names of animals and plants. It is an entirely new scientific system, intended to give rational names to all taxa of the biota.
After 1994 a formula consisting of letters and numerals was added to each N.B.N. name. This improves the possibilities for efficient (computer) use of the system.
Even though the project has stalled for several years, 3000 N.B.N. names, which are approved by the AINBN, are available and it would be possible to continue the project. The sample contains many of the higher taxa of zoology. So far, only a small effort has been made for botany. This is due to the fact that most of the participants were zoologists.
For comparison, in the famous Systema naturae of 1758, only 4238 species of animals were described.
Advantages
According to the initiator, the following advantages are linked to N.B.N.:
A posteriori system: N.B.N. draws from the experiences of more than 200 years of scientific nomenclature, conserves from it the good sides and avoids the bad ones; N.B.N. makes use of modern views in biology and of the large knowledge of species and taxonomy.
Well defined system: the rules of the game were firm before any names were given.
Reliable system: the names do not originate only from one person; they are systematically criticized and (dis)approved by three other biologists.
Memorizable system: the names consist of understandable common words (in accordance with the case, one, two or three words).
Regular system: fixed endings for taxa of the same level.
Orienting system: each N.B.N. name has a link (by way of a key word) with the name of the corresponding order to which it belongs. (In the Kingdom of Animalia there are roughly 375 orders, of which about 200 may be known to a specialized biologist, but only about 100 by an average biologist or interested nature hobbyist; thus, a number of terms that is under control of memory).
Unifying system: the same rules apply for taxa of animals, plants, bacteria, among others.
Simple pronunciation, as in Esperanto.
Limitation of the number of words used by frequent reuse (for example, familitipa, ordotipa...)
New and rational selection of the type for taxa, where the best known species are chosen again and again.
New perspectives for musea, if they wish to conserve N.B.N. specimens for all species of definite families or higher taxa.
A N.B.N. name is easily recognizable in a text: for that purpose asterisks are used, or other means as necessary.
Handy for computer applications, among others, because of the limited vocabulary used.
Continuation of tradition
N.B.N. keeps features that are considered to be excellent, for example:
N.B.N. names consist of one, two or three words: (a) for indication of species two words are used; the first refers to a higher taxon; the second to the species itself; (b) when a name consists of three words then it relates to a subspecies; names of one word indicate taxa of levels higher than species.
Nothing is changed as to the traditionally admitted taxonomical structure (with the exception of the omission of the genus). N.B.N. assumes that the purpose of nomenclature is to give suitable and correct names to taxa, and not to establish phylogenetic links. "It was felt useful to classify the existing N.B.N.-names logically, independent of the phylogenetic classification of present biology, but in conformity with Linnaeus' original method, which generally began with the best known taxa and passed on the lesser known ones.".
Specific N.B.N. arrangements
All arrangements are the same for plants and for animals, and in the future for other Kingdoms too. The first word of the name of a species always ends with "o" (in Esperanto a substantive). The second word always ends with "a" (in Esperanto an adjective). This first word is always the same for all species that belong to a family. The name of the N.B.N family is obtained by adding "j" (which is a plural in Esperanto) to the named substantive. For subspecies a third adjective is added. Where possible, the adjectives that define species and subspecies should render an informative, correct and exclusive characteristic. If not, it should be clear from the given name. There are five possibilities for the adjective that defines the species: (a) a word ending with "tipa" (typical for) for only one species of the family; (b) a word that expresses a characteristic of the species; (c) a word ending with "noma" (with name...), which refers to the scientific name; (d) an expression of the geographical range of the species, so far as the area is unique and possible to correctly describe; (e) a word without sense, ending with "ea" and originating from a definite list. This last possibility is only applied when no other solution is found.
N.B.N. names consisting of one word have fixed endings corresponding to the taxa. For kingdoms (regno), phyla (filumo), classes (klaso), orders (ordo) and suborders (subordo), families (familio) the endings are respectively "-regnanoj", "-filumanoj", "-klasanoj", "-ordanoj" and simply "-oj". The insertion "an" means "member of" and derives from the Esperanto ano, member.
In N.B.N. the name of the genus does not appear. All members of a family have a same "family name". This, properly speaking, means a return to the situation from the time of Linnaeus, where the genus played a role that is currently filled by the family designation. Family is a taxon that was inserted in the 19th century. The possible loss of information is counterbalanced by the adding of a numerical code that is linked to each species name and easily found with help of the today's usual technical means. The elimination of the genus name means an enormous saving in the number of nomenclature terms since nowadays more than 300,000 genera exist, only considering the animal kingdom.
Every taxon from the family is linked to a type species that determines the name of this taxon, together with the ending mentioned above.
The perhaps most characteristic quality of N.B.N. consists in the central place of the order and in the use of a key word that is found in each taxon that belongs to a definite order. For example, in the order of *Fokordanoj* (Pinnipedia) there is the key word "foko", which is present in all names of all families and all species of the order.
In contrast with traditional nomenclature there is no use in N.B.N. names of the names of authors, nor of the year of publication. The Principle of Priority does not exist with N.B.N. The N.B.N. names and rules are not unchangeable, but adaptations on personal initiative are not admitted; suggestions for changes have to be thoroughly motivated and submitted to the organizing body. If necessary adaptations occur, these are to be published without delay.
Notes
References
De Smet, W.M.A. 1973 : Initiation à la Nomenclature Biologique Nouvelle (N.B.N.), Association pour l'Introduction de la Nomenclature Biologique Nouvelle, Kalmthout, 44 p.
De Smet, W.M.A. 1991a : Meeting User Needs by an Alternative Nomenclature. In : Improving the Stability of Names: needs and options (D.L. Hawksworth, ed.). [Regnum Vegetabile No. 123.] Königstein: Koeltz Scientific Books, 179–181.
De Smet, W.M.A. 1991b : La Sistemo N.B.N. (Nova Biologia Nomenklaturo), Asocio por la Enkonduko de Nova Biologia Nomenklaturo, Kalmthout, 94 p.
De Smet, W.M.A. 1991c : A guide to New Biological Nomenclature (N.B.N.), Association for the Introduction of New Biological Nomenclature, Kalmthout, 64 p.
De Smet, W.M.A. 1991d : Kennismaking met Nieuwe Biologische Nomenklatuur (N.B.N.), Vereniging voor het Invoeren van Nieuwe Biologische Nomenklatuur (N.B.N.), Kalmthout, 87 p.
De Smet, Wim M.A. 2001 : Nova Biologia Nomenklaturo (N.B.N.) en la jaro 2000 kaj la problemoj pri nomoj de bestoj kaj plantoj, in : Fakaj Aplikoj de Esperanto, KAVA-PECH, Czech Republic, 77–86,
De Smet, W.M.A. 2005 : An analysis of New Biological Nomenclature-Analizo de Nova Biologia Nomenklaturo, SAIS, Nitra, 264 p.
Malécot, Valéry : Les règles de nomenclature. Histoire et fonctionnement, Biosystema 25, Angers, France, 41-76
Knockaert, Cyreen 2013 : Heeft Goliath voorgoed David verslagen? Raakt Nieuwe Biologische Nomenclatuur in de vergetelheid? Horizon-Taal, 45(260), 8–9.
Knockaert, Cyreen 2013 : Nomenklaturo : ĉu kroma esperanta "finvenko"? Monato. Internacia Magazino Sendependa, 34(5) 22–23.
Biological nomenclature
Karacaören is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Tara may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Film and television
Tara (1992 film), an Indian film directed by Bijaya Jena
Tara (2001 film), an American film, also known as Hood Rat, directed by Leslie Small
Tara (2010 film), a Bengali film directed by Bratyo Basu
Tara (2013 film), an Indian film directed by Kumar Raj
Tara (TV series), soap opera that aired on Zee TV
TARA, acronym for The Amazing Race Asia, a reality game show on the AXN network
Music
T-ara, a South Korean girl music group
Tara Music, a label featuring traditional Irish music
Tara (Absu album)
"Tara" (song), a song on Moya Brennan's 2003 album Two Horizons
Tara (Yano album)
"Tara", a song by Roxy Music on the 1982 album Avalon (Roxy Music album)
Fictional settings
Tara (plantation), fictional home of Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind
Tara, a planet, setting of the Doctor Who is a serial The Androids of Tara
Tara, a fictional town, the setting for the 1970 film The Spider's Stratagem
Biology
Tara (plant), a genus of legumes
Tara (spider), a genus of jumping spiders
Tara tree (Caesalpitarania spinosa), native to Peru
Tara, a Malagasy name for the shrub Lemuropisum edule
Tara, a theoretical founding ancestor of Haplogroup T
A Vitis rotundifolia grape variety
Tara, Māori for the White-fronted tern (Sterna striata)
Tara, a Chinese name for Calamus erectus
Companies and media
Țara, a newspaper from the Republic of Moldova
Tara Air, a Nepalese airline
Tara International, Indian marketer for Tara Green Auto
Tara Labs, a manufacturer of high-end audio products
Tara Muzik, a defunct Indian Bengali music channel
Tara Newz, a defunct Indian Bengali news channel
Tara Television (or Tara TV), an Irish cable and satellite channel
People
Şarık Tara (born 1930), Turkish billionaire and former captain of industry
Tara (given name), including a list of people and fictional characters
Tara (Kannada actor), stage name of Indian actor and politician Anuradha
Tara (wrestler), ring name of professional wrestler Lisa Marie Varon
Tara the Southern Belle, a member of the Southern Belles tag-team from the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling
Places
Natural features
Tara (river), in Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina (in Republic Srpska)
Tara (Irtysh), river in Russia (in Novosibirsk and Omsk Oblasts), a tributary of the Irtysh
Tara, an older name for the river Tragus, in Greece (in Arcadia)
Tara, Saga, town, mountain and mountain range in Japan (in Saga Prefecture)
Tara Mountain, Serbia
Tara National Park, Serbia
Tara Island, Sulu Archipelago, Philippines
Tara Hill, County Wexford, Ireland, a hill and a village
Hill of Tara, County Meath, Ireland, a ritual site of ancient high kings of Ireland
Salar de Tara, a salt pan in Chile
5863 Tara, an asteroid
Populated places
Africa
"Tara", Cairo, a squatted villa on Gezira Island, Cairo, Egypt, made notorious by its SOE occupants during World War II
Tara, Zambia, a village in the Southern Province of Zambia
Tara Subcounty, a region in Maracha District, Uganda
Asia
Tara, Iran, a village in Mazandaran Province
Tara, Nepal, a village in Baglung District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of central Nepal
Tara, Russia, several inhabited localities
Tara, Saga, a town, mountain, and mountain range in Saga Prefecture, Japan
Australia
Tara, Northern Territory, a locality in the Barkly Region
Tara, Queensland, a town
Tara County, New South Wales
Shire of Tara, Queensland
Europe
Hill of Tara, an ancient site in County Meath, Republic of Ireland
Tara, County Down, a townland in the civil parish of Witter, County Down, Northern Ireland
Tara, County Offaly, a townland in the civil parish of Durrow, barony of Ballycowan, Republic of Ireland
North America
Tara, Florida, United States, an unincorporated area
Tara, Ontario, village in Canada
Tara Township, Minnesota (disambiguation), several places in the United States
Religion
In Hinduism:
Tara (Mahavidya), a Tantric goddess
Tara (Ramayana), the wife of the monkey king Vali
Tara (Hindu goddess), the wife of Brihaspati
Tara (Buddhism), a tantric meditation deity in Tibetan Buddhism
Tara, a sea goddess in Polynesian mythology
Schools
Tara Anglican School for Girls, North Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia
Tara High School, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States
Tara Institute, a Tibetan Buddhist center in Melbourne, Australia
Titles
Baron Brabazon of Tara, a UK title
Baron Tara, an Irish title
Kingship of Tara, a title in ancient Ireland
Viscount Tara, an Irish title
Transportation
Tara Air, a Nepalese airline
Tara Field, an airport in Georgia, United States
Tara Station, a railway station in Saga Prefecture, Japan
Tara Street, a major traffic route in Dublin, Ireland
Tara Street railway station in Dublin, Ireland
Other uses
Đurđevića Tara Bridge, a bridge over the Tara River in northern Montenegro
Tārā, Tahitian slang for 5 CFP francs
Tara (cat), a family cat who saved a four-year-old boy from a dog attack
Tara (Northern Ireland), a loyalist group
Tara, Chertsey, a house in Surrey, UK, previously the home of drummer Keith Moon
Tara Brooch, an artifact from Ireland
Tara Foundation, a charity for transgender people
Tara Hurdle, a horse race in Ireland
Tara Mine, a zinc and lead mine near Navan, County Meath, Ireland
Tara Theatre, an art house movie theater in Atlanta named after the plantation in Gone With the Wind
Timed antagonistic response alethiometer, a type of lie detection technique
Tāra, Māori language name for New Zealand dollar
Yugoslav submarine Nebojša, or Tara, a submarine of the Yugoslav Navy
See also
Battle of Tara (disambiguation), a number of battles
Golden Tara, a Majapahit period (Indonesia) gold image of a Hindu goddess
Hurricane Tara (disambiguation), three tropical cyclones in the Eastern Pacific Ocean
Taras (disambiguation)
Taara or Tharapita, a god in Estonian mythology
Terah, a biblical figure
Tera (disambiguation)
Terra (disambiguation)
Saint Cadfan (), sometimes Anglicized as Gideon, was the 6th century founder-abbot of Tywyn (whose church is dedicated to him) and Bardsey, both in Gwynedd, Wales. They were said to have received the island of Bardsey from Saint Einion Frenin, king of Llŷn, around 516 and to have served as its abbot until 542.
Life and legacy
Most of the information we have about Cadfan is from the awdl by Llywelyn the Bard in the 12th century. According to this they sailed from Brittany to Tywyn with 12 other saints, although some suggest that they came instead from Llanilltud Fawr.
A Breton nobleman, they were said to be the son of Eneas Ledewig (Aeneas of Brittany) and Gwen Teirbron (Gwen Three Breasts), daughter of Budic II of Brittany. They journeyed to Britain accompanied by the children of Ithel Hael o Lydaw (of Brittany): Baglan, Flewyn, Gredifael, Tanwg, Twrog, Tegai, Trillo, Tecwyn and Llechid. Other reputed followers include Maël and Ilar. Wade-Evans thought Kentinlau, who accompanied Cadfan to Ceredigion, should be identified with Cynllo. They may have fled the Franks.
At Llangadfan in northern Powys they founded a church before moving on to Bardsey. They also established a clas at Tywyn (traditionally the first such clas in Wales) which became a wealthy site, served by an abbot and clerics from 1147 to 1291, mother church of the cantref of Meirionnydd south of the River Dysynni.
Their feast day is 1 November.
References
Sources
Biography from the Dictionary of Welsh Biography
The Welsh Academy Encyclopaedia of Wales, University of Wales Press, 2008,
External links
St. Cadfan - Saints & Angels
Medieval Breton saints
Medieval Welsh saints
Companions of Cadfan
Roman Catholic monks
Welsh Roman Catholic saints
Year of birth unknown
Year of death missing
Frankford Stadium, also known as Yellow Jacket Field, was a football field in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that was the home of the Frankford Yellow Jackets football team of the National Football League, which predated the Philadelphia Eagles.
The stadium, located at Frankford Avenue & Devereaux Avenue, was the Yellow Jackets' home from 1923 through 1930. On July 27, 1931, a fire caused major damage to the structure, forcing the Yellow Jackets to play their remaining home games at the Baker Bowl and Municipal Stadium, before disbanding during the 1931 season. The site was purchased in 1933 by the Franklin Legion Athletic Association, who demolished the structure to build the Franklin Legion Athletic Field. When the Frankford Legion AA reorganized as the Northeast Philadelphia AA later that year, the stadium's name was changed to Yellow Trojan Field. , a Dollar Tree store and rowhouses occupy the site.
References
Frankford Yellow Jackets
Defunct sports venues in Philadelphia
Defunct National Football League venues
Demolished sports venues in Pennsylvania
1923 establishments in Pennsylvania
1931 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
History of Philadelphia
Frankford, Philadelphia
Radioactive Sago Project is a Filipino jazz rock band formed in 1999 in Quezon City, Philippines. The band's sound is a fusion of spoken-word poetry, bebop jazz, and punk. Subjects in their material range from politics, drugs, alcohol, random musings and current issues.
Fronted by award-winning poet Lourd de Veyra, the band has released four albums. The first, a self-titled album, was released under Viva Records in 2000. This was followed by Urban Gulaman in 2004 and Tangina Mo Andaming Nagugutom sa Mundo Fashionista Ka Pa Rin in 2007 and Ang Itlog at ang Demonyo in 2014, all under Terno recordings.
Career
In 2000, the band released its first single, "Gusto Ko Ng Baboy", about a young man's fascination with pigs since their childhood. As the song progresses, it becomes a political tirade against corruption.
In 2004, they released the single "Astro", from Urban Gulaman, depicting a person's addiction to cigarette smoking. This was titled after Astro, a now-defunct, cheap brand of cigarettes sold in impoverished areas. The song was used in the Pinoy/Blonde soundtrack the following year. A second single entitled "Alaala ni Batman" was also released. It tells the story of a man's idolization of Batman since their childhood. The song progresses into ruminations on politics and society, and how these factors contribute to the demise of Philippine economy and society. At the end of the song, the persona jumps off the top of a building believing they could fly, only to realize that Batman cannot fly.
In 2005, the band received three nominations at the MTV Pilipinas Video Music Awards for Favorite Group, Best Video, and Best Director (R.A. Rivera). The band won Best Video, and Best Director (R.A. Rivera).
Discography
Studio albums
The Radioactive Sago Project - Viva Records, 2000
Urban Gulaman - Terno Recordings, 2004
Tangina Mo Andaming Nagugutom sa Mundo Fashionista Ka Pa Rin - Terno Recordings, 2007
Ang Itlog at ang Demonyo - Terno Recordings, 2014
Compilation albums
Supersize Rock (Warner Music Philippines, 2004)
Ultraelectromagneticjam!: The Music Of The Eraserheads (Sony BMG Music Philippines, 2005)
The Best Of Manila Sound: Hopia Mani Popcorn (Viva Records, 2006)
Environmentally Sound: A Select Anthology of Songs Inspired by the Earth (World Wildlife Fund, Ayala Land, 2006)
Kami nAPO Muna Ulit (Universal Records, 2007)
Huling Balita: Songs for the Disappeared (Free Jonas Burgos Movement, 2008)
Members
Lourd de Veyra - vocals
Francis De Veyra - bass
Jay Gapasin - drums
Junji Lerma - guitar
Wowie Ansano - trumpet
Pards Tupas - trombone
Roxy Modesto - saxophone
Rastem Eugenio - saxophone
Arwin Nava - percussion
B-Boy Garcia - turntables
Past members
EJ Delgado - guitars
Josefa Alovera - saxophone
Ryan Zapanta - saxophone
Jed Punongbayan - Piano
Julie J. Julie- Synth
Singles and music videos
"Gusto ko ng Baboy (Jovelyn Laborte)"
"Astro" (TEN: The Evening News, Theme song of the TV5 News program from 2008–2010)
"Gin Pomelo"
"Panic Buying Sa Duljo"
"Hello Hello"
"Wasak na Wasak"
"Kapalaran" (original by Rico J. Puno)
"Alaala ni Batman"
"Alkohol" (original by Eraserheads)
"Syotang Pa-Class" (original by APO Hiking Society)
"Alak, Sugal, Kape, Babae, Kabaong"
"Trip" ("Recorded from Tower Sessions")
"Super Hatdog"
"Bosnots & Friends"
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Radioactive Sago Project website
Filipino jazz ensembles
Filipino rock music groups
Musical groups from Quezon City
Musical groups established in 1999
Satirists
1999 establishments in the Philippines
Helcystogramma gypsaspis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found on Java in Indonesia.
The wingspan is 8–10 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a pale blue-metallic oblique fasciate streak from the costa near the base, nearly meeting the apex of an erect mark from the dorsum at one-third, with beyond them a pale blue-metallic rather oblique transverse linear mark in the disc and rather short oblique wedge-shaped pale blue-metallic streaks from the costa before and beyond the middle, silvery white on the costal edge. There is a pale blue-metallic spot in the disc beyond the middle, connected with the dorsum by some irregular strigulation. A quadrate ochreous-white spot occupies the tornal angle, edged anteriorly by a bluish-silvery streak and the apical area above this is bronzy, with a bluish-silvery dot near the apex of the preceding streak, and a pale blue-metallic spot on the costa towards the apex. There is sometimes a white mark along the apical part of the costa, as well as a fine black marginal line around the apex and termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter and thinly scaled in the disc.
References
Moths described in 1921
gypsaspis
Moths of Indonesia
Rossiya class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. "Rossiya" means "Russia" in Russian.
A two-deck luxury passenger ship manufactured in Soviet Union in 1973 to service higher state management. Currently belongs to the Administration of President of Russian Federation.
River passenger ships of the project 1877
Overview
References
External links
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Ships built at Severnaya Verf
Hindustan Motors is an Indian automotive manufacturer based in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It is a part of the Birla Technical Services conglomerate. The company was the largest car manufacturer in India before the rise of Maruti Udyog.
Hindustan Motors manufactured the Ambassador and Landmaster motorcars (based on 1956 Morris Oxford series III), both immensely popular Indian automobiles, from 1957–2014.
One of the original three car manufacturers in India, founded in 1942 by Mr. B.M. Birla, it was a leader in car sales until the 1980s, when the industry was opened up from protection. All through its history, the company has depended on government patronage for its sales and for survival by eliminating competition. Manoj Jha was the Managing Director who stepped down from the post on 21 February 2012.
On 11 February 2017, Hindustan Motors executed an agreement with Peugeot SA for the sale of the Ambassador brand, including the trademarks, for a consideration of ₹80 crore. The tie-up entails two joint venture agreements between the companies of the two groups.
History
Hindustan Motors Limited (HML) was India's pioneering automobile manufacturing company. It was established just before the Indian Independence Act 1947, in 1942 by B. M. Birla of the industrialist Birla family in collaboration with Lord Nuffield of Morris Motors, who were already selling their cars in India. Commencing operations in a small assembly plant in Port Okha near Gujarat, the manufacturing facilities later moved to Uttarpara, West Bengal in 1948, where it began the production of the Morris-designed Hindustan Ambassador. The HM-Mitsubishi Motors Plant is in Tiruvallur near Chennai in Tamil Nadu.
In 1948, after independence, vehicle production was shifted to a new greenfield plant spread over a large area in Uttarpara, West Bengal. The first car to roll out from the Uttarpara plant was the Hindustan 10, based on the Morris 10. Later the Hindustan 14, based on the Morris Oxford MO, and baby Hindustan, based on the Morris minor, were produced. In 1954 Hindustan launched the Morris Oxford series II-derived Hindustan Landmaster, and in 1957 the Hindustan Ambassador, based on the Morris Oxford series III, was launched. This first model, later known as Mark-1, whose basic design remained unchanged was manufactured until 2014 with various model changes on facelifts, engines and later with power steering, disc brakes, etc.
General Motors joint venture
Hindustan and General Motors have had several tie-ups in the post independence era to produce Bedford Trucks, Vauxhall Motors (1980 to 1990), Allison Transmissions and off-road equipment. In 1994, GM and Hindustan (C K Birla) formed a 50-50 joint venture, General Motors India to manufacture Opel Astra cars in the newly created mid-segment category. The production of the Astra was phased out and later replaced by the then successful Opel Corsa family of vehicles. In early 1999 General Motors India bought out the Halol, Gujarat, plant from Hindustan Motors thus ending a long partnership.
On 21 February 2012, Mr. Manoj Jha, the Managing Director stepped down from their post. The decision was unanimously accepted by the board of directors.
Earthmoving Equipment Division (HMEED)
Hindustan motors used to make earthmovers, initially in collaboration with Terex, USA and Fermac UK; and beginning in 1984 with Caterpillar Inc. at the HMEED plants in Thiruvallur, near Chennai and Puducherry. The operation was sold to Caterpillar in 2000 and HM quit the earthmover business. HML continue to be a joint venture partner with Caterpillar in Hindustan Power Plus, which manufactures diesel engines and generator sets.
Hindustan Tractors
The company began in 1959 as Tractors and Bulldozers Private Ltd and imported tractors. Manufacturing of tractors began in 1963, in collaboration Motokov-Praha (Zetor) of Czechoslovakia, and was known as Hindustan Tractors & Bulldozers Ltd. In 1967, it became Hindustan Tractors Ltd. The tractors were based on the Zetor tractor design and sold under the Hindustan brand. In 1978, the Gujarat, Indian government formed Gujarat Tractors from the ailing company. In 1999, Mahindra Tractors purchased 60% of the company, and in 2001, completed purchasing the rest of the company, renaming it Mahindra Gujarat Tractors Ltd.
Isuzu Joint Venture
In 1982 Hindustan formed a collaboration with Isuzu to assemble and sell the Isuzu F series - JCS trucks in India. These trucks came from the factory with a fully built modern metal cabin which was not common with Tata and Ashok Leyland trucks at the time. They were well known for their reliability and fuel consumption, but were discontinued mainly due to falling sales, poor service facilities, and HML not being able to sell them for an affordable price.
Hindustan Motors also entered into a technical collaboration to manufacture engines and transmissions for the Contessa in the late 1980s at a newly constructed state of the art engine plant at Pithampur near Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The petrol engine commonly known as Isuzu 1.8 Petrol would later serve in the Hindustan Ambassador with Multi Point Fuel Injection until 2015. Initially the joint venture produced 4-cylinder G180Z 1.8L petrol engines and 5-speed transmissions. Later, an 2.0L Isuzu diesel engine was added to the production line to power the Contessa and the Ambassador. The technical collaboration lasted from 1983 to 1993. The Indore plant has since expanded to manufacture engines for a number of other manufacturers like Opel, Ford and Mahindra.
Mitsubishi Joint Venture
Hindustan has a joint venture with Mitsubishi that began in 1998. The plant is located in Thiruvallur, Tamil Nadu. In India, Mitsubishi offered the Pajero, Lancer and Outlander with mild refreshes till early 2010s, but as time went by, their sales trended down.
Mitsubishi launched Pajero Sport in 2012 with a 2.5l DI-D Variable Geometrical Turbo Diesel engine mated to a 5-speed AT (in 2WD only) or MT (in 4X4 only). Montero was also offered for a brief duration. Mitsubishi also launched the latest generation Outlander in 2018. The Lancer Evolution X was launched in India in 2013 as a CBU import, but it did not sell well in India due to the high price of ₹50 lakh.
Gallery
Hindustan models
Discontinued models
Passenger vehicles
Hindustan 10 - based on 1947 Morris 10, replaced by Hindustan 122.
Hindustan 122 and Hindustan 14 -based on 1948 Morris Oxford MO Series - replaced with Landmaster.
Baby Hindustan based on Morris Minor.
Hindustan Deluxe - based on 1948 Chevrolet Deluxe.
Hindustan Landmaster - based on Morris Oxford series II - 1954 to 1957. Made way of Ambassador range.
Hindustan Ambassador - ceased production in May 2014. It was one of the longest running models in the world for 56 years.
Hindustan Contessa - based on the British Vauxhall Victor FE with Isuzu diesel or petrol engines.
Other Hindustan Ambassador derived models - Pushpak, Trekker and Porter - ceased production since April 2008 Multiutility Vehicles based on Ambassador chassis and engines (Half Ton Driveaway Chassis).
Commercial vehicles
Lavender - a small truck with 1.8L petrol engine or 1.5L Diesel engine
MASCOT T-480 FC - commercial truck.
RTV Ranger - truck
Former/idle plants
Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh (near Indore) - Built in the 1980s it was a state of art robotic engine assembly plant as well as commercial truck assembly line for then launched Isuzu F Series trucks. Later RTV & Winner were assembled here.
Hosur, Tamil Nadu - Built for Off-Highway vehicles.
Hind Motor, Uttarpara, Hooghly District, Bengal (near Kolkata) - Closed since 2015. Oldest plant built in 1948, all Hindustan Ambassador badged vehicles were manufactured here.
Tiruvallur, Tamil Nadu (near Chennai) - Built in the late 1990s for Mitsubishi range, later in 2015 started assembly for ISUZU vehicles till January 2016 when Isuzu moved to its new plant at Sricity in Andhra Pradesh.
References
External links
Manufacturing companies based in Kolkata
Car manufacturers of India
Indian brands
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1942
Car brands
Luxury motor vehicle manufacturers
Indian companies established in 1942
CK Birla Group
Portsmouth was a borough constituency based upon the borough of Portsmouth in Hampshire. It returned two members of parliament (MPs) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the bloc vote system.
History
The constituency first elected MPs in 1295. It was abolished at the 1918 general election, when the Representation of the People Act 1918 divided it into three new constituencies; Portsmouth North, Portsmouth South and Portsmouth Central.
According to Namier and Brooke in The House of Commons 1754–1790, the right of election was in the freemen of the borough who numbered about 100. The town was known as an Admiralty borough and at least one MP was usually an Admiral.
The Earl of Sandwich was First Lord of the Admiralty from 1771 to 1782. They imposed tighter Admiralty control over the borough. This change of policy led to an independent element of the local Council supporting challengers to the Admiralty candidates between 1774 and 1780.
When party politics re-emerged in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, Portsmouth was a predominantly Whig constituency. It only once elected a Tory Member of Parliament between 1790 and 1832.
The Reform Act 1832 considerably expanded the electorate of the borough. The freemen retained their ancient right franchise, but were outnumbered by the new occupier voters amongst the 1,295 electors registered in 1832. As a result of the expanded electorate the borough became more competitive. Contested elections became the norm rather than the exception, as they had been before the Reform Act.
Candidates with naval connections continued to be frequent in Portsmouth, after the Reform Act. The borough developed into a marginal constituency, particularly in the last half century of its existence.
Boundaries
The parliamentary borough of Portsmouth was (as the area remains in the 21st century) a major seaport and naval base on the south coast of England. It is situated in the county of Hampshire.
From the 1885 general election until the dissolution before the 1918 election the constituency was surrounded (on the landward side) by the Fareham seat.
Members of Parliament
1295–1640
1640–1918
Notes
Election notes
The bloc vote electoral system was used in two seat elections and first past the post for single member by-elections. Each voter had up to as many votes as there were seats to be filled. Votes had to be cast by a spoken declaration, in public, at the hustings (until the secret ballot was introduced in 1872).
Note on percentage change calculations: Where there was only one candidate of a party in successive elections, for the same number of seats, change is calculated on the party percentage vote. Where there was more than one candidate, in one or both successive elections for the same number of seats, then change is calculated on the individual percentage vote.
Note on sources: The information for the election results given below is taken from Sedgwick 1715–1754, Namier and Brooke 1754–1790, Stooks Smith 1790–1832 and from Craig thereafter. Where Stooks Smith gives additional information or differs from the other sources this is indicated in a note after the result.
Election results 1715–1800
Elections in the 1710s
Seat vacated when Wager was appointed to an office
Seat vacated when Wager was appointed to an office
Elections in the 1720s
Elections in the 1730s
Death of Lewis
Elections in the 1740s
Death of Stewart
Seat vacated when Cavendish was appointed to an office
Death of Cavendish
Death of Hardy
Death of Bladen
Gore chose to sit for Bedford
Election declared void on 19 December 1747 as, unknown to anyone in England on 15 December, Legge had died on 19 September 1747.
Elections in the 1750s
Seat vacated when Rowley was appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty
Elections in the 1760s
Seat vacated when Hawke was appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty
Death of Fetherstonhaugh
Elections in the 1770s
Creation of Hawke as a peer
Death of Taylor
Death of Suckling
Elections in the 1780s
Death of Monckton
Seat vacated on the grant of a pension, at the pleasure of the Crown, to Gordon
Source for party: Stooks Smith
Elections in the 1790s
Seymour is referred to as Hugh Seymour-Conway in the above list of members of parliament
Election results 1801–1918
Elections in the 1800s
Death of Seymour
The above list of members of parliament includes David Montagu Erskine as an MP in 1806, in succession to their father Thomas Erskine (who became Lord Chancellor and was elevated to the peerage as the 1st Baron Erskine in 1806). Stooks Smith does not record this election
Elections in the 1810s
Death of Miller
Elections in the 1820s
Elections in the 1830s
Seat vacated on the appointment of Baring as a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury
Note (1837): Stooks Smith gives a registered electorate figure of 1,517; but Craig's figure is used to calculate turnout.
Death of Carter
Note (1838): Daniel Quarrier (Conservative) was a candidate for this by-election, but retired before the poll.
Seat vacated on the appointment of Baring as Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Elections in the 1840s
Seat vacated on the appointment of Baring as First Lord of the Admiralty..
Elections in the 1850s
Note (1852): Monck was a peer in the peerage of Ireland.
Seat vacated on the appointment of Monck as a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury.
Note (1857): Number of voters unknown. The turnout is estimated by dividing the number of votes by two. To the extent that electors did not use both their votes, the figure given will be an underestimate of actual turnout.
Note (1859): Estimated turnout, see the 1857 note.
Elections in the 1860s
Note (1865): Estimated turnout, see the 1857 note.
Expansion of the electorate provided for by the Reform Act 1867
Note (1868): Estimated turnout, see the 1857 note.
Elections in the 1870s
Note (1874): Estimated turnout, see the 1857 note.
Seat vacated on the appointment of Elphinstone as a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury
Elections in the 1880s
Note (1880): Estimated turnout, see the 1857 note.
Electorate expanded by the Representation of the People Act 1884
Elections in the 1890s
Elections in the 1900s
Elections in the 1910s
References
Boundaries of Parliamentary Constituencies 1885–1972, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (Parliamentary Reference Publications 1972)
British Parliamentary Election Results 1832–1885, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (Macmillan Press 1977)
British Parliamentary Election Results 1885–1918, compiled and edited by F.W.S. Craig (Macmillan Press 1974)
The House of Commons 1715–1754, by Romney Sedgwick (HMSO 1970)
The House of Commons 1754–1790, by Sir Lewis Namier and John Brooke (HMSO 1964)
The Parliaments of England by Henry Stooks Smith (1st edition published in three volumes 1844–50), second edition edited (in one volume) by F.W.S. Craig (Political Reference Publications 1973))
Who's Who of British members of parliament: Volume I 1832–1885, edited by M. Stenton (The Harvester Press 1976)
Who's Who of British members of parliament, Volume II 1886–1918, edited by M. Stenton and S. Lees (Harvester Press 1978)
Who's Who of British members of parliament, Volume III 1919–1945, edited by M. Stenton and S. Lees (Harvester Press 1979)
Robert Beatson, A Chronological Register of Both Houses of Parliament (London: Longman, Hurst, Res & Orme, 1807)
D Brunton & D H Pennington, Members of the Long Parliament (London: George Allen & Unwin, 1954)
Cobbett's Parliamentary history of England, from the Norman Conquest in 1066 to the year 1803 (London: Thomas Hansard, 1808)
External links
The Representation Of Portsmouth In Parliament
Parliamentary constituencies in Hampshire (historic)
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1295
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom disestablished in 1918
Politics of Portsmouth
Pierce, North Dakota may refer to:
Pierce County, North Dakota
Pierce Township, Barnes County, North Dakota
Pyxis（ピクシス）is a Japanese idol unit consisting of voice actores Miku Itō and Moe Toyota.
Biography
The unit was formed in May 2015, and they performed their first live concert in February 2016 titled "Pyxis Party 2016 〜Happy Valentine's Day〜".
After that, they continued their activities as an indie unit, working in magazines and radio shows. In May 2016, in the units' first anniversary concert, they announced a major label debut under Teichiku Records' new label "Rockin' Music".
Discography
Single
Albums
Tie-ups
See also
StylipS
References
External links
テイチクエンタテインメントによるオフィシャルサイト
Japanese musical duos
Anime singers
Japanese pop music groups
Chatarius "Tutu" Atwell (born October 7, 1999) is an American football wide receiver for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Louisville, and was drafted by the Rams in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft.
Early years
Atwell attended Miami Northwestern High School in Miami, Florida. They played quarterback in high school and was a four-year starter. As a senior, they were the Miami-Dade County Player of the Year. Atwell committed to the University of Louisville to play college football.
College career
Atwell was switched to wide receiver at Louisville. As a first-year student in 2018, they played in 12 games, recording 24 receptions for 406 yards and two touchdowns. As a sophomore in 2019, they started 11 of 13 games, finishing with 70 receptions for 1,276 yards and 12 touchdowns. The 1,276 yards led the ACC and broke Harry Douglas' school record. On December 8, 2020, Atwell announced that they would opt out for the remainder of the 2020 season due to an undisclosed injury. In addition, they decided to forgo their senior year and enter the 2021 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Atwell was selected by the Los Angeles Rams in the second round (57th overall) of the 2021 NFL Draft. On May 14, Atwell signed their four-year rookie contract with the Rams. They played in eight games before being placed on injured reserve on November 2, 2021. They finished their rookie year with zero catches and was mainly used as a return specialist. In 2021, Atwell won Super Bowl LVI when the Rams defeated the Cincinnati Bengals 23-20.
.
References
External links
Louisville Cardinals bio
1999 births
Living people
Miami Northwestern Senior High School alumni
Players of American football from Miami
American football wide receivers
Louisville Cardinals football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Ypsolopha sylvella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in most of Europe.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Quercus species, but also on other deciduous trees such as Corylus, Carpinus betulus, Betula and Myrica gale. They live in a slight silken spinning (a shelter like the web of a spider). Pupation takes place in a pale brown boat-shaped cocoon under a leaf, in a crevice in bark or among plant debris on the ground.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1767
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Ablogamé is a neighborhood of Lomé, Togo. A downtown area, it forms a district around the Port of Lomé.
Economy
The neighborhood contains the Eglise des Assemblées de Dieu temple and Marché et Ambiance, a thriving market. Several hotels are also located here, including Hotel Mercure Sarakawa and Veronica Guesthouse.
In the mid 1980s, the DRDR organized vegetable growers meeting groups in the port area for the locals. In 1987, about 4,000 plots between 200 and 250 hectares, in the neighborhoods of Ablogamé and Akodessewa had a market value of 800 million CF.
References
Neighborhoods of Lomé
Polynesia sunandava is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Sri Lanka and India, as well as on Peninsular Malaysia, Sumbawa, Larat (part of the Tanimbar Islands) and in New Guinea.
Description
Its wingspan is about 26 mm. Forewings with non-truncate apex. Body bright yellow. Head marked with rufous. Shaft of antennae whitish. Tegulae with rufous patches irrorated with silvery scales. Wings with rufous-edged silver spots in very ill-defined series, those below the costa of forewings forming a very ill-defined fascia.
References
External links
Australian moths
Moths described in 1861
Asthenini
Indios is a rural barrio in the municipality of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,647.
Features and demographics
Indios has of land area and of water area. In 2010, its population was 2,647 with a population density of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Indios barrio and Boca barrio was 782.
2019-2020 earthquakes
A series of earthquakes began occurring near Indios on December 28, 2019 and continued through January 2020, with 11 earthquakes over a 5 magnitude (and a 6.4) and 300 over a 3 magnitude in strength.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Guayanilla, Puerto Rico
The Rowe House is a historic home located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built in 1828, and is a two-story, four-bay, double-pile, side-passage-plan Federal style brick dwelling. It has an English basement, molded brick cornice, deep gable roof, and two-story front porch. Attached to the house is a one-story,
brick, two-room addition, also with a raised basement, and a one-story, late 19th century frame wing. The interior features Greek Revival-style pattern mouldings. Also on the property is a garden storage building built in about 1950, that was designed to resemble a 19th-century smokehouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Houses completed in 1859
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Get It Right is the twenty-ninth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, released on July 14, 1983 by Arista Records. It was produced by Luther Vandross, following their successful teaming with the singer for the Gold-certified album, Jump to It, in 1982. Get It Right was not as commercially successful, and Franklin did not have Vandross produce any further albums.
The disc's title song became a number 1 hit on Billboards R&B singles chart, but it stalled at only number 61 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album was a critical and commercial failure, selling about 200,000 copies in the US. It was re-issued on compact disc in the late 1990s.
Track listing
All tracks written by Luther Vandross and Marcus Miller; except where noted.
"Get It Right" – 6:22
"Pretender" – 4:17
"Every Girl (Wants My Guy)" – 6:29
"When You Love Me Like That" – 3:47
"I Wish It Would Rain" (Barrett Strong, Norman Whitfield, Roger Penzabene) – 4:40
"Better Friends Than Lovers" (Michael Lovesmith) – 4:10
"I Got Your Love" (Luther Vandross) – 5:30
"Giving In" (Clarence Franklin) – 4:38
Personnel
Performers
Aretha Franklin – lead vocals, backing vocals (3), vocal arrangements (3, 6)
Nat Adderley Jr. – keyboards (1-8), rhythm arrangements (5-8)
Marcus Miller – synthesizers (1-4), bass guitar (1-8), rhythm arrangements (1-4)
Doc Powell – guitar (1-8)
Georg Wadenius – guitar (1-7)
Teddy F. White – guitar (8)
Yogi Horton – drums (1-8)
Paulinho da Costa – percussion (1-5, 8), congas (5), bongos (8)
Steve Kroon – congas (1, 2, 3, 7), triangle (1)
Dave Friedman – vibraphone (1, 3)
David Carey – timpani (5)
Rob Mounsey – string arrangements (2, 4), horn arrangements (4)
Paul Riser – string and horn arrangements (5-8)
George Young – soprano saxophone (8)
Luther Vandross – vocal arrangements (1-4, 7, 8), backing vocals (1, 2, 4, 7, 8)
Brenda White – backing vocals (1)
Fonzi Thornton – backing vocals (1, 2)
Michelle Cobbs – backing vocals (1, 2)
Phillip Ballou – backing vocals (1, 2)
Tawatha Agee – backing vocals (1, 2)
Yvonne Lewis – backing vocals (1, 2)
Cissy Houston – backing vocals (4, 7, 8)
Darlene Love – backing vocals (4, 7)
Paulette McWilliams – backing vocals (4, 7, 8)
Brenda Corbett – backing vocals (5)
Margaret Branch – backing vocals (5)
Sandra Richardson – backing vocals (5)
Michael Love Smith – vocal arrangements (6), backing vocals (6)
Aaron T. Smith – backing vocals (6)
Danny Dedusual Smith – backing vocals (6)
Myrna Smith – backing vocals (7, 8)
Alan Rubin, George Young, Gregory Williams, Jim Pugh, John Clark, Jon Faddis, Lew Soloff, Lou Marini, Peter Gordon, Ronnie Cuber, Tom Malone – horns (4-8)
Alfred Brown, Barry Finclair, Elena Barere, Emanuel Vardi, Guy Lumia, Harold Kohon, Harry Zaratzian, Homer Mensch, Jan Mullen, Jean R. Dane, Jesse Levy, John Beal, John Pintavalle, Jonathan Abramowitz, Joseph Rabushka, Judy Geist, Julien Barber, Kathryn Kienke, Kermit Moore, Lamar Alsop, Lewis Eley, Margaret Ross, Marilyn Wright, Regis Iandiorio, Richard Sortomme, Richard Young, Sanford Allen, Sue Pray, Winterton Garvey – strings (2-8)
Production
Producer – Luther Vandross
Production Coordination – Sephra Herman
Engineer – Don Cuminale
Additional Engineering – Paul Brocek and Michael Christopher
Assistant Engineers – Paul Brocek, Michael Christopher and Mark Cobrin
Mixed by Michael H. Brauer
Art Direction – Donn Davenport
Design – Howard Fritzson
Photography – Francisco Scavullo
Hairstylists – Andre Douglas and Carlton B. Northern
Make-up – Way Bandy
Wardrobe – Rachel Crespin
References
1983 albums
Aretha Franklin albums
Albums produced by Luther Vandross
Albums arranged by Paul Riser
Arista Records albums
Renato Renner (born 11 December 1974) is a Swiss professor for Theoretical Physics at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich, where they are head of the Research Group for Quantum Information Theory. Their research interests include Quantum Information and Computation, the Foundations of Quantum Physics and Quantum thermodynamics.
Education and career
Renner was born 11 December, 1974 in Lucerne, Switzerland, where they received their high school degree in 1994 from Kantonsschule. They then went to study physics at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL) and continued their education at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich, where they graduated in theoretical physics. Renner then joined ETH's department of Computer Science as a Ph.D. student, where they worked in the field of Quantum Cryptography and specialized in the Security of Quantum Key Distribution, which became the title of their doctoral thesis in 2005. They continued their scientific career with a two-year postdoctoral researcher position at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics of the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom.
At their return to Switzerland in 2007, Renner started as Assistant Professor at ETH Zurich and then continued to work from 2012 as Associate Professor in the Department of Theoretical Physics, where they were promoted to a Full Professor in 2015. They and their team are especially active in the field of Cybersecurity.
Awards
2018, ALEA Award of the AVETH
2017 and 2011, Teaching Award (Golden Owl) from the ETH Zurich Physics Student Association
2016, TCC Test of Time Award from the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR)
2015, Fellowship at the Stellenbosch Institute for Advanced Study
2011, CRM Aisenstadt Chair
2010 - 2015, ERC Starting Independent Researcher Grant
Best Dissertation Award by the German Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
2005, ETH Medal for their PhD thesis
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Lucerne
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne alumni
ETH Zurich alumni
ETH Zurich faculty
Theoretical physicists
The symphonic organ is a style of pipe organ that flourished during the first three decades of the 20th century in town halls and other secular public venues, particularly in the United States and the United Kingdom. It has roots in 19th-century Europe, and is a variation of the classical pipe organ. It features expanded capabilities, with many pipes imitative of orchestral instruments (e.g., strings, woodwinds, brass), and with multiple expressive divisions and organ console controls for seamlessly adjusting volume and tone, generally with electric organ actions and winding. These expansions let the organist approximate a conductor's power to shape the tonal textures of Romantic music and orchestral transcriptions. (These are classical orchestral works re-scored for a solo organist, a practice particularly popular before technology allowed orchestras to be widely recorded and broadcast.) These organs are generally concert instruments as opposed to church organs. The symphonic organ has seen a revival in the US, Europe and Japan, particularly since the 1980s.
The leading builders of symphonic organs were Henry Willis & Sons in the UK and Ernest M. Skinner in the US, following the pioneering 19th-century work of Eberhard Friedrich Walcker in Germany and Aristide Cavaillé-Coll in France, and inspiring the organ music of such figures as Edward Elgar, Edwin Lemare, Franz Liszt, and César Franck, respectively. The largest example is the Wanamaker Organ, designed by George Ashdown Audsley for the 1904 St. Louis World's Fair, re-installed in a Philadelphia department store in 1911, and then greatly expanded over two decades. It currently has six manuals, eleven divisions, 464 ranks, and 28,750 pipes, all powered by 36 regulators and fans totaling 173 hp. Other important examples around Philadelphia are the Skinner organ at Girard College Chapel (1931), the Curtis Organ at Irvine Auditorium (University of Pennsylvania, 1926), and the Aeolian Company organ at nearby Longwood Gardens (1929). In New Haven, Connecticut, three organbuilders assembled one of the world's largest and finest symphonic organs for Yale University in Woolsey Hall (Newberry Memorial Organ, 1902/1915/1928).
Another excellent example of a symphonic organ can be seen and heard at the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Auditorium in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The magnificent Opus 1206 by Austin Organs, with 81 ranks and 5,261 pipes, was first played on February 12, 1925. Its first Civic Organist was the world-renowned Edwin Lemare. Led by the Chattanooga Music Club, the citizens of Chattanooga began the organ's restoration in 1987, and 20 years later, on July 2, 2007, it was re-dedicated at a concert performed by Wanamaker organist Peter Richard Conte. Municipal symphonic organs are still in prominent use in San Diego, California (Spreckels Organ Pavilion, 1914) and in Portland, Maine (Kotzschmar Memorial Organ, 1912), and in 1999 a large 1920s-vintage Skinner organ was inaugurated in the Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal.
References
Pipe organ
19th century in music
20th century in music
In Māori tradition, the Maero (or Mohoao) are an iwi-atua or supernatural people from New Zealand. They are sometimes described as giants or wild men of the woods, and inhabit mountains and forest, particularly in the South Island and Tararua Range. Maero are characterised as wild, malevolent and often violent, carrying stone clubs as weapons. They are covered in dark body hair and have long, bony fingers with sharp fingernails. They kill and eat humans and other animals.
The Maero are said to harbour anger towards the Māori, who arrived from Hawaiki, and are thought to have displaced them and ruined the tapu (sacredness) of their homes, forcing them to dwell in inhospitable alpine regions.
In traditional Māori stories
In a story from the Whanganui area told by Tuao, chief of Upper Whanganui, Tukoio, a mortal man, once found a maero, a mohoao (wild man), and attacked it, cutting off its arms, legs and head. They brought the head back, but it was still alive and called for help. Tukoio did not want to fight a whole clan of maero, so they dropped it and came back later with reinforcements, only to find the maero had put itself back together and returned to the forest.
See also
Moehau
Patupaiarehe
References
Māori legendary creatures
Forest spirits
Giants
The Potager du roi (), near the Palace of Versailles, produced fresh vegetables and fruits for the table of the court of Louis XIV. It was created between 1678 and 1683 by Jean-Baptiste de La Quintinie, the director of the royal fruit and vegetable gardens. Today it is run by the , the grande école for landscape architects. It is officially recognized as a Remarkable Garden of France.
Creation of the Potager du roi
The Potager du roi was conceived as part of the Palace of Versailles, a showcase for the grandeur of France and its king. To design this complex, Louis XIV engaged the designers of Vaux-le-Vicomte, Nicolas Fouquet's chateau. Jean-Baptiste de La Quintinie had participated in creating the gardens at Vaux-le-Vicomte, and was hired to design and build the Potager and to supply the Court with fruits and vegetables, soon after Louis had arrested Fouquet.
The Potager was installed next to the Pièce d'eau des Suisses so that the King could easily take walks there. However, the location was not suitable for gardening; indeed, it was so swamp-like that it was referred to as the "stinking pond". Therefore, La Quintinie started by installing drains for the excess water and carting in better soil from the hills of Satory.
After this preparatory work, construction continued according to La Quintinie's plans, with François Mansart designing the walls and terraces. The Potager took five years to build (1678–1683) and cost over a million livres.
The Potager under Louis XIV
The finished garden in Louis XIV's time was the model for the modern restoration. It covered twenty-five acres (nine hectares), with a circular pond and fountain in the center which was surrounded by a Grand Carré, a large square, containing sixteen smaller squares for vegetables. Around this was a raised terrace from which the King could watch the gardeners work. A high wall surrounded the Grand Carré, and behind the wall were twenty-nine enclosed gardens with fruit trees and vegetables. The different chambers of the gardens created individual microclimates, which allowed La Quintinie to grow fruits and vegetables out of season.
In their Instruction pour les jardins fruitiers et potagers, on the results obtained by their use of different types of manure, they wrote:
la chaleur, tant dans la terre que dans l'air ne peut régulièrement venir que des rayons du soleil. J'ose dire pourtant que j'ai été assez heureux pour l'imiter en petit à l'égard de quelques petits fruits : j'en ai fait mûrir cinq et six semaines devant le temps, par exemple des fraises à la fin mars, des précoces, et des pois en avril, des figues en juin, des asperges et des laitues pommées en décembre, janvier ...
heat, in the earth as well as in the air, can come regularly only from the rays of the sun.
I daresay, however, that I was lucky enough to imitate it a little in regards to some small fruits: I succeeded in making some ripen five or six weeks early, for instance, strawberries at the end of March, early vegetables and peas in April, figs in June, asparagus and lettuces in December, January …
Since Louis XIV was fond of figs, La Quintinie created a special figuerie, a hollowed-out garden, sheltered from the elements in winter, which enabled them to grow figs in mid-June. They also had special gardens for melons; three gardens for "herbs, cucumbers and other green leaves"; and gardens reserved for strawberries and cherries. They raised fifty varieties of pears and twenty varieties of apples for the King's table, and sixteen varieties of lettuce.
During the time of Louis XIV, the potager was an enormous enterprise; it required thirty experienced gardeners to tend to the garden plots, greenhouses, and the twelve thousand trees. Louis XIV brought important visitors, such as the Ambassador of Siam and Doge of Venice, to see the wonders of the garden. They also sent samples of their favorite pear variety, Bon Chrétien, as gifts to other heads of state. The varieties of vegetables served in the garden were an obligatory topic of discussion at the dinner at Versailles. As Madame de Sévigné wrote, "The craze for peas continues; the impatience waiting to eat them, to have eaten them, and the pleasure of eating them are the three subjects our princes have been discussing for the past four days now."
La Quintinie supervised the gardens until their death in 1688. Their post was occupied briefly by their colleague, Nicolas Besnard, and then was taken over by François Le Normand in 1690. Le Normand's two sons and their descendants ran the Potager du roi for the next ninety years. They created a new garden for raising asparagus, and had to make major repairs to the garden after the extreme cold spell of 1709.
The Potager du roi from Louis XV to the French Revolution
After the death of Louis XIV in 1715, the court left Versailles, and the budget of the garden was greatly reduced. François II Le Normand made a lawn on the Grand Carré, and experimented with new varieties of plants. A coffee plant had been given to Louis XIV by the Lord mayor of Amsterdam; Le Normand succeeded in growing twelve coffee plants four meters high in the greenhouse of the garden, so Louis XV could serve coffee grown in their own garden.
The Court of Louis XV returned to Versailles in 1723, and Louis Le Normand, who became director of the Potager du roi after the death of their brother François, replanted the Grand Carré with herbs and lettuces. They also built a Dutch greenhouse, a low greenhouse with a rounded roof, where, starting in 1735, they were able to raise pineapples. By the time of the French Revolution, there were eight hundred pineapple plants in the greenhouses.
Jacques-Louis Le Normand succeeded Louis as the head of the Potager in 1750. They built three new heated greenhouses, and expanded the scientific work of the garden. The garden no longer provided ordinary vegetables and fruits to the Court at Versailles, but only rare and special fruits. Le Normand experimented with rare varieties of plants, such as Euphorbia, jasmine, Latania palms, and bananas brought back by French explorers.
Jacques-Louis Le Normand, the last member of the family to direct the Potager du roi, died in 1782, and the garden came under the direction of Alexandre Brown, of English origin, who was the gardener at the royal garden at Choisy. Brown renovated the garden, reducing the size of the pond in the center, and tearing down the walls between eleven gardens on the north terrace to create five.
In 1785, the Count of Provence, brother of Louis XVI and future Louis XVIII, bought for themselves and their mistress, Anne de Caumont La Force, the Countess of Balbi, a property adjoining the Potager du roi. They then commissioned their architect, Jean-François-Thérèse Chalgrin, to design and build a country house (known as Le pavillon de la pièce d'eau des Suisses) and an English garden, the Parc Balbi on the estate. The new garden had a winding stream, islands, and a belvedere atop an artificial grotto, in the picturesque style of the time. In 1798, the pavillon and garden features were demolished, but traces of the alleys and the lake are still visible.
The Potager du roi from the French Revolution to today
In 1793, during the French Revolution, the garden plots were rented out and the tools and plants, including the eight hundred pineapple plants, were auctioned off. In 1795, the Convention, the revolutionary government, declared the Potager to be a national institute, the tenant farmers were ejected, and the garden became a school and scientific center.
When the monarchy was restored after the fall of Napoleon I, much of the garden was overgrown, and many of the trees had died. The new director, Count Lelieur, replanted the orchards and resumed the growing of early vegetables. New greenhouses heated with hot water were installed in 1829, which allowed growing of more exotic tropical fruits and vegetables, and, in 1840, bananas were successfully grown in the Large Greenhouse.
In 1848, the potager became part of the new Institut national agronomique at Versailles, and, the following year, was put under the direction of Auguste Hardy, an agronomist. Hardy directed the school under the Second Republic, the Second Empire, and the Third Republic. In 1874, the school became the École nationale d'horticulture (ENH). Under Hardy, the garden grew nine thousand species of vegetables, 309 varieties of apples, 557 varieties of pears, and 94 varieties of peaches.
Hardy died in 1891, and Jules Nanot became director. The school began to teach landscape architecture as well as horticulture; between 1892 and 1905, this course was taught by the famed landscape gardener Édouard André, then by André's son, René Édouard André. A separate department of landscape architecture and the art of gardens was begun in 1945.
In 1961, the ENH became an École Supérieure and, in 1976, the École nationale supérieure du paysage (ENSP) was created, and attached to the ENH. In 1995, the ENH moved to Angers, and the ENSP took responsibility for the Potager du roi.
Today the garden is open to the public and annually produces over fifty tons of fruits and thirty tons of vegetables, which are sold in Versailles markets and at the school. About 400 varieties of fruit trees and many varieties of vegetables are grown at the Potager, making more exotic fruits and vegetables available to the French public. In addition to teaching, the school regularly re-introduces historic varieties and carries on an extensive program of experimentation. Students come with at least two years' prior university education, and spend a further four years studying at Versailles, including carrying out studies on their own small plots, and planning and executing a project on a particular terrain.
The garden is included on the World Monuments Fund's 2018 list of monuments at risk to highlight its need to widen its supporter base and adapt to climate change.
Gallery
References
External links
Le Potager du roi, site de l'École nationale supérieure du paysage (ENSP)
Le Potager du Roi (vidéo)
Vue aérienne du Potager sur Google Maps
Bibliography
Stéphanie de Courtois, Le Potager du roi, The King's Vegetable Garden. École Nationale Supérieure du Paysage and Actes Sud: Versailles and Arles, 2003. ISBN 978-2-7427-4505-0
Jean-Baptiste de la Quintinie, Instruction pour les jardins fruitiers et potagers, École Nationale Supérieure du Paysage and Actes Sud: Versailles and Arles, 1999. ISBN 2-7427-2496-6
Gardens in Yvelines
Versailles
Henry "Harry" McNeil (1850 – 2 June 1924) was a Scottish footballer.
During their career, McNeil played in several positions for Queen's Park (where they won five Scottish Cups) and Third Lanark, as well as the Scottish national team.
McNeil was football's caps world record holder from March 1881 (taking the title from clubmate Billy MacKinnon) until March 1882 when John Price of Wales earned their 11th cap.
They later managed a sports shop in central Glasgow with their brother Peter, ran a hotel in Bangor, County Down with their brother Moses, operated a public house in Rutherglen and worked as a travelling salesperson.
Their brothers Moses and Peter McNeil were also footballers, who were among the founders of Rangers F.C.; Henry contributed to some Rangers' first matches in 1872 as a guest player and Moses and Henry McNeil played together for Scotland. Another sibling, William, also played for Rangers.
Notes
References
External links
1850 births
1924 deaths
Scottish footballers
Queen's Park F.C. players
Scotland international footballers
Third Lanark A.C. players
People from Rhu, Argyll and Bute
Association football wingers
Association football inside forwards
Association football wing halves
Sportspeople from Argyll and Bute
Rangers F.C. players
Augustine Frizzell (born July 27, 1979) is an American actor, film director, and screenwriter. They made their feature film directorial debut with Never Goin' Back (2018).
Early life
Growing up in Garland, Texas, Frizzell attended South Garland High School. They took classes at Richland College.
Career
Frizzell made their directorial debut with the 2018 film Never Goin' Back, which starred Maia Mitchell and Camila Morrone as two waiteres trying to get to Galveston. The film premiered at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival, and was later distributed by A24.
In 2018, Frizzell directed the pilot for HBO's Euphoria.
Frizzel's next film was an adaptation of Jojo Moyes novel The Last Letter from Your Lover. The film starred Felicity Jones and Shailene Woodley and premiered in 2021 through online streaming service Netflix.
Frizzel is set to direct the Ryan Reynolds film Stoned Alone.
Personal life
Frizzell is the granddaughter of musician Lefty Frizzell.  They are married to fellow filmmaker David Lowery.
Frizzell has a daughter, Atheena Frizzell, who is also a director and actor.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
Living people
1979 births
20th-century American actores
American film directors
American women screenwriters
People from Garland, Texas
21st-century American actores
The world governing body for air sports and aeronautics and astronautics world records, the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI), was founded on 14 October 1905. The Royal Aero Club is the authority which administers the above activities for the United Kingdom.
With effect from 1 March 1910, the rules governing the authorisation of Aviators' certificate awarded in another country were as follows: "... Foreigners belonging to a country represented on the F.A.I, can only receive a certificate from the Royal Aero Club of the United Kingdom after having obtained the consent from the national
sporting authority approved by the F.A.I. But a certificate may also be granted to a foreigner whose country is not represented on the F.A.I., without further application."
The rules governing the award of Aviators' Certificates, amended with effective from 3 January 1914, were as follows:
"The Sporting Authority governing aviation in each country represented on the F.A.I, can alone grant Aviators' Certificates to all candidates, of at least 18 years of age, and coming under its jurisdiction.
To candidates of the same nationality as the Club.
To foreigners belonging to a country not represented on the F.A.I.
To foreigners of a country represented on the F.A.I.; but in this case the certificate can only be delivered with the authorisation of the Sporting Authority of the candidate's country."
List
Note: This list is limited to the given period of time because from 1914 the numbers of pilots increased significantly with the onset of World War I.
See also
Lists of pilots awarded an Aviator's Certificate by the Royal Aero Club 1910–1914:
1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
References
Aviation pioneers
Lists of aviators
Aviat
Aviat
1910s in transport
1910s in the United Kingdom
List
Mexico uses four main time zones as of February 2015. Most of the country observes Daylight Saving Time (DST).
('Southeast Zone') covers the state of Quintana Roo is UTC−05:00 year round. It is the equivalent of U.S. Eastern Standard Time (does not observe DST).
('Central Zone') covers the eastern three-fourths of Mexico, including Mexico City, Guadalajara, and Monterrey. For most of the year, it is the equivalent of U.S. Central Time and observes DST.
('Pacific Zone') covers the states of Baja California Sur, Chihuahua, Nayarit, Sinaloa, and Sonora. For most of the year, it is the equivalent of U.S. Mountain Time. The state of Sonora, like most of the adjacent U.S. state of Arizona, does not observe DST.
('Northwest Zone') covers the state of Baja California. It is identical to U.S. Pacific Time, including the DST schedule.
For economic reasons, some metropolitan areas next to the U.S. border follow the U.S. Daylight Saving Time schedule instead of the Mexican schedule, resulting in those areas being an hour off from the rest of their respective states for a few weeks out of the year.
Mexican law dictates that all remote island territories (Guadalupe Island and the Revillagigedo Islands) fall within the time zone corresponding to their geographic location.
History
Standard time was first defined in Mexico in 1922, when President Álvaro Obregón decreed two time zones. One time zone designated for 90° W (6 hours behind GMT) covered the states of Tabasco, Chiapas, Campeche, Yucatán, and Quintana Roo. A second time zone designated for 105° W (7 hours behind GMT) covered the rest of the country, from Baja California to Veracruz and Oaxaca.
In 1930 three zones were decreed: Hora del Oeste (120° W, UTC−08:00) for the state of Baja California (norte); Hora del Golfo (90° W, UTC−06:00) covering the states of Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Oaxaca, Tabasco, Chiapas, Campeche, Yucatán and Quintana Roo; and Hora del Centro (105° W, UTC−07:00) for the rest of the country.
It was decreed in 1942 that the Hora del Noroeste (105° W, UTC−07:00) should cover only the states of Baja California Sur, Sonora, Sinaloa, and Nayarit; while the Hora del Centro (90° W, UTC−06:00) was used for the rest of the country.
The time zone Hora del Sureste (75° W, UTC−05:00) was created for tourist reasons in 1981, originally covering the states of Campeche, Yucatán, and Quintana Roo. The three states returned one year later to the Hora del Centro (90° W, UTC−06:00); Quintana Roo, however, returned to the Hora del Sureste (75° W, UTC−05:00) from October 1997 to August 1998 and then again in February 2015.
Daylight saving time
The first observation of DST was in 1931, but only for the state of Baja California. It used the "Hora del Centro" from April 1 to September 30, and the "Hora del Oeste" the rest of the year. Until 1996, Baja California was the only Mexican state to officially observe DST every year, coinciding with the observance of DST across the border in San Diego, California. In addition to that, the states of Durango, Coahuila, Nuevo León and Tamaulipas unofficially observed DST in 1988 as an experiment, starting on the first Sunday in April and ending on the last Sunday in October. These states abandoned DST the following year and did not return to it until DST was adopted nationwide.
Daylight saving time has been observed nationwide in Mexico since 1996. For municipalities located less than 20 km from the US border, such as Ciudad Juárez, and the entire state of Baja California, it coincides with the longer extended daylight saving period adopted for 2007 in the United States. But in the rest of the country, daylight saving time is observed between 2 a.m. on the first Sunday in April through 2 a.m. on the last Sunday in October. Quintana Roo and Sonora do not observe DST.
As the United States starts DST on the second Sunday in March and ends it on the first Sunday in November, Mexico's time zones are out of synchronization with American and Canadian time zones for two periods each year. The first is the three or four weeks between the second Sunday in March and the first Sunday in April. The second is the single week between the last Sunday in October and the first Sunday in November. During these periods, clocks in Mexico City match those in Denver rather than those in Chicago. The Mexican Stock Exchange changes its hours during these periods in order to maintain synchronization with the U.S. markets. Conversely, television schedules are not changed for these situations, meaning Mexican television networks which are carried directly by American cable and satellite services have their programming aired an hour behind in the United States during these interregnums.
In 1998, the state of Chihuahua moved from Central time to Mountain time. This is likely because Ciudad Juárez is directly across the border from El Paso, Texas, which is on Mountain Time. Later, in 2001, Mexico experimented with a shorter daylight saving period from the first Sunday in May to the last Sunday in September, returning to the previous seven-month schedule in 2002. Nevertheless, since Mexico City and other southern states decided to use again the shorter five-month daylight saving period in 2002, the Mexican Congress ruled that this decision was a federal one, and so it has to be ruled by the same congress. This decision backfired when the United States extended their DST period in 2007, because the Mexican Congress now refused to do the same for Mexico, under the strong influence of the southern states representatives. Two years later, the population of the northern border cities complained about the time difference between those cities and their US counterparts and their government requested the DST extension again. For the second time, Congress refused to adopt it nationwide. As a result, only the areas within 20 km of the United States border, as well as all of Baja California, began observing DST on the US schedule in 2010, while the rest of the country retained the pre-2007 United States DST schedule. A new bill was proposed in September 2015 for the rest of the country to also observe DST on the extended 2007 US schedule, thus eliminating the distinction between the border cities and the rest of Mexico. Congress refused to approve the change for the third time in a 10-year period, discarding the bill on June 29, 2016.
Daylight saving time is observed in all parts of the country except for the states of Quintana Roo, and Sonora, which decided to remain on standard time beginning in 1999. For Sonora, which shares its northern border with Arizona, this is to coincide with the non-observation in Arizona. The island territories do not currently observe daylight time either. During non-DST period, Mexico uses four different time zones.
IANA time zone database
Data for Mexico from zone.tab in the IANA time zone database.
See also
Effects of time zones on North American broadcasting
References
External links
Rachael Jennifer Treasure (; born 4 December 1968) is an Australian journalist, author and novelist. A former jillaroo, and reporter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on rural affairs, they are a passionate working dog trainer and in 2007 received Tasmania's rural woman of the year award.<ref name="ruralwomen2007">RIRDC Rural Woman Award Winner 2007 for Tasmania – Rachael Treasure, Rural Women's Award website. Retrieved 26 October 2008</ref>
Early life
In the early 1990s Rachael worked out of the ABC Sale office in Victoria. They met their ex-husband, John Treasure, in 1996 while a reporter and started helping John and their brother with their High Plains Droving horse riding business on weekends. This entailed taking tourists on their cattle droving and salting trips on the Dargo High Plains. The Treasure family has been droving cattle in this area since the 1870s.
In this period Rachael developed an interest in dog psychology and training with trainer Paul Macphail and became themselves an instructor for training working dogs.
Rachael then moved to Queensland to work on a cattle station, which provided Rachael with the opportunity to write their first novel, Jillaroo, which became an iconic work of Australian fiction and began a flood of novels in the 'rural lit' genre. They then moved home to Tasmania to develop their interests in regenerative agriculture, dog training and breeding, and breeding Waler stock horses on Rachael's family property at Runnymede.
Bestselling novelist
Them three novels, Jillaroo, The Stockmen, and The Rouseabout, have all been bestsellers in Australia selling more than 100,000 combined copies by the end of 2007. Random House signed them to a four-book contract for British release during 2008. Two of their novels, The Stockmen and The Rouseabout, have been translated and published in German as Tal der Sehnsucht : Australien-saga(München : Blanvalet, 2006) and Wo der Wind singt : Australien-Saga (München : Blanvalet, 2008). They have since gone on to write three further best-selling novels, The Cattleman's Daughter, The Farmers Wife and Cleanskin Cowgirls, two short story collections, The Girl & the Ghost Grey-Mare and Fifty Bales of Hay, a dog training manual Dog Speak and a book of inspirations, Don't Fence Me In. Them novels all deal with contemporary issues related to agriculture and life on the land including succession planning and rural youth issues and relationships set within the Australian rural culture and traditions.
Community activism
In 2008 Levendale Primary School was under threat of closure due to low student numbers. Rachael Treasure proposed to the community that vacant farmhouses be put up for rent of $1 per week to attract more families to the area. The offer attracted interest from around Australia, New Zealand and as far afield as Japan and Singapore.$1 a week Housing , The Hidden Valley Blog. Retrieved 26 October 2008
"It's the only thing Levendale has, we don't have a shop, a pub, or anything to fall back on, this is all we have, is our school, and it keeps the women supported and networking on behalf of the men as well, so it kind of flows through the whole community." Rachael Treasure told an ABC reporter.
Books
Novels
Jillaroo (UK title: River Run Deep), Camberwell, Vic. : Penguin Books, 2002.
The Stockmen (UK title: Timeless Land), Camberwell, Vic. : Penguin Group (Australia), 2004.
The Rouseabout (UK title: The Dare), Camberwell, Vic. : Viking, 2007.
The Cattleman's Daughter (UK title: Through the Fire), Camberwell, Vic : Penguin Group (Australia), 2009
Fifty Bales of Hay HarperCollins Australia December 2012
The Farmer's Wife (Sequel to "Jillaroo") HarperCollins Australia April 2013
Cleanskin Cowgirls'' HarperCollins Australia 2014
Other writing
"Dog Speak" Self Published: Create Space USA 2007
"Don't Fence Me In" HarperCollins Australia 2014
External links
Treasure's Tales – Rachael Treasure's website and blog
References
1968 births
Living people
Australian women novelists
Australian journalists
Writers from Tasmania
Dog trainers
People from Hobart
Charles Sturt University alumni
On October 6, 1814, prior to the beginning of the Fourteenth Congress, Representative-elect Benjamin Pond (DR), who'd been elected to , died. A special election to fill this vacancy was held in April, 1815.
Election results
Adgate took their seat at the beginning of the 14th Congress.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Special elections to the 14th United States Congress
1815 12
New York 1812 12
1815 New York (state) elections
New York 12
United States House of Representatives 1815 12
Vikramadithyan is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language action comedy-drama film co-produced and directed by Lal Jose. The film stars Dulquer Salmaan,Namitha Pramod and Unni Mukundan. Nivin Pauly did a cameo appearance in the film. The screenplay is by Iqbal Kuttippuram, while Jomon T. John handles the cinematography. The music is composed by Bijibal. The film was released on 25 July 2014 on the occasion of Eid-ul Fitr.
Plot
Kunjunni Menon, a witty thief, loves Lakshmi, a police constable. While following their one-day, they find out that they wish to marry a police officer. Vasudeva Shenoy, Laksmi's colleague expresses their desire to marry her, despite their mother's objections. Kunjunni poses as a police constable and manages to marry Lakshmi before Shenoy can convince their mother. Shenoy then gets married and both the couples are blessed with baby boys on the same day.
In the present, Shenoy's son Vikram has become an SI and proposes to their childhood friend Deepika a week before joining. Lakshmi's son Adithyan, who has been missing for a few years, returns to town at the same time. The story then proceeds into a series of flashbacks.
Lakshmi finds out that Kunjunni had cheated them but they pretend to have an amicable marriage. A young Adithyan however, still believes their father to be a police officer. They and Vikram become rivals in school and start competing with each other, wagering that the loser should salute the winner, a habit they then carry into adulthood. Adithyan always ends up losing. One day Kunjunni is caught red-handed by Shenoy and their team while attempting a theft and is paraded half-naked through the street. A distraught Adithyan and friends watch the scene. Unable to face their son and berated by Lakshmi, Kunjunni reaches a bridge. Kunjunni was found dead beneath the bridge the next day. Vikram grows up into a hard-working young man while Adithyan becomes quite lazy and does petty illegal activities to gain some pocket money. Adithyan and Deepika fall in love while Deepika and Vikram remain close friends. Once the duo passes their degrees, both decide to apply for the SI selection test. Though the two share a healthy rivalry, Shenoy is spiteful towards Adithyan. Adithyan outranks Vikram in the preliminary round which irritates Shenoy. Vikram however, acknowledges Adithyan's superior intellect displaying their deep respect for their rival. Shenoy is able to trap Adithyan in a narcotics case and desperate to put them behind bars, they guard the evidence personally. But Adithyan is saved when Vikram secretly swaps the evidence with Lactose powder and Adithyan expresses their gratitude, revealing that the respect they hold is mutual. In a final attempt, Shenoy convinces Lakshmi that they were the one who swapped in evidence and asks them for a favor in return. Lakshmi hides the interview memo Adithyan was to receive and only Vikram's name appears on the list for the final exam. A heartbroken Adithyan blames Lakshmi for Kunjunni's death and claims that they could have changed them had they tried. Adithyan disappears that night.
In the present, the police station is holding a small function to commemorate Shenoy's retirement and Vikram taking charge on the same day. Among the notable guests, new sub-collector Lokesh joins as a surprise to wish the father-son duo. Lokesh later reveals that they and Adithyan are friends and the story proceeds to one final flashback. On a train journey to Delhi, Lokesh stops Adithyan from committing suicide. The two later become close friends and roommates. On Lokesh's insistence, Adithyan prepares for the UPSC exams while doing odds jobs in between. Both of them clear the exam together and Lokesh further reveals that Adithyan has become an IPS officer and is now an ACP, Shenoy's and Vikram's superior. Shenoy is forced to accept defeat and salute Adithyan. Satisfied with their revenge, they decide not to tell Vikram. Vikram manages to find out and salutes Adithyan publicly. The two embrace and acknowledge their friendship. Vikram asks Adithyan to accept Deepika and reveals that their next goal will be to catch up with Adithyan.
Cast
Dulquer Salmaan as ACP Adithyan Menon IPS aka Aadhi
Unni Mukundan as SI Vikram Shenoy aka Vikraman
Namitha Pramod as Deepika Pai
Anoop Menon as Circle Inspector Vasudeva Shenoy, Vikraman's father
Lena as Police Constable Lakshmi Nair, Adithyan's mother
Santhosh Keezhattoor as Kunjunni Menon, Adithyan's father
Charmila as Vikraman's Mother
Joy Mathew as Dr. Ramanath Pai, Deepika's father
Sadiq as ASI Raviettan, a police officer who is supportive of Adithyan
Sidhartha Siva as Advocate Santhosh, Kunjunni's friend
Irshad (actor) as George Alexander, ACP Narcotics Buiero
Liimal G Padath as Vikram Shenoy's Friend
Jiyad Irani as Harbinder
Gautam Pisharody as Samar
Sana Althaf as Adhithyan's sister
Manju Satheesh as Deepika's mother
Cherthala Lalitha as Lakshmi's mother
Nivin Pauly as Sub Collector Lokesh Kumar IAS (Extended Cameo Appearance)
Suja Menon as TV Reporter
Master Ilhan as young Adithyan
Bindu Varappuzha
Chethan Jayalal
Release and reception
Critical reception
The film was enriched with huge cast. Dalton L of Deccan Chronicle rated the film 3 in a scale of 5 and concluded their review saying: "Lal Jose's nonlinear romantic love triangle may be somewhat idealistic in nature. However, it's a compelling entertainer that extols the virtues of education, work, perseverance, and the struggle for goodness; and inspires one to compete with nothing but the highest order." P. Sanalkumar of Kerala Kaumudi called the film's script "weak" and was critical about the film's cinematography and acting by Anoop Menon. They concluded the review saying that the film is reserved only for those who are "meek and lowly in spirit".
Nicy V.P of IB Times praised the script and called the film a perfect, well crafted flick for Eid and rated the film 4/5.
Box office
The film was a commercial success, grossing approximately 11.5 crores in Kerala. The film collected 34,767 from UK box office. The film collected $23,799 (₹14.53 lakhs) from US box office in its eight-week run.
The film ran over 100 days in theatres.
Soundtrack
Awards
2014 Kerala State Film Awards
Second Best Actor – Anoop Menon
Best Choreography - Sajna Najam
Sequel
In August 2022, Director Lal Jose said in an interview with the Zee Malayalam News that there will be a sequel to Vikramadithyan.
References
External links
2014 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
2010s coming-of-age drama films
Indian coming-of-age drama films
Films directed by Lal Jose
Helluobrochus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluobrochus anthracinus (Klug, 1834)
Helluobrochus ares Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus argus Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus bacchus (Reichardt, 1972)
Helluobrochus bechynei Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus birai Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus brasiliensis (Dejean, 1825)
Helluobrochus brevicollis (Dejean, 1831)
Helluobrochus bucki Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus capixaba Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus collaris (Chaudoir, 1877)
Helluobrochus cribratus (Reiche, 1843)
Helluobrochus cribricollis (Chaudoir, 1872)
Helluobrochus darlingtoni Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus horqueta Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus inconspicuus (Chaudoir, 1848)
Helluobrochus lacordairei (Dejean, 1831)
Helluobrochus linearis (Bates, 1871)
Helluobrochus luctuosus (Chaudoir, 1872)
Helluobrochus negrei Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus oculatus Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus oopselaphus Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus petrus Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus pilipalpis Reichardt, 1974
Helluobrochus sanguinolentus (Klug, 1834)
Helluobrochus subrostratus (Bates, 1871)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Hopetoun Railway Station was a railway station on the Patchewollock railway line. It was opened in April 1894 and closed to passengers in 1976 with the cessation of the railmotor service from Murtoa railway station. By 1956, the telegraph equipment was removed, by 1970, the turntable was removed and by 1977, the Station master was removed. The station building has since been removed, and only the Grain silos/goods shed remains.
References
Disused railway stations in Victoria (Australia)
Senecio californicus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name California ragwort.
Distribution
This annual herb is native to Central and Southern California and Baja California. It grows in Coastal strand, Coastal sage scrub, and Chaparral habitats, often in sandy areas.
It is often seen at the coast on sand dunes. It is also often found in the Peninsular Ranges, and is seen into the central/eastern Transverse Ranges.
Description
Senecio californicus grows to tall or sometimes taller, from a taproot. The stems can be solitary or grow in branching clusters.
The leaves have linear or lance-shaped blades up to 7 centimeters long. They are sometimes fleshy, especially in plants that occur on the coastline.
The inflorescence produces one to ten or more flower heads, which are lined with usually about 21 black-tipped phyllaries. They contain many yellow disc florets and each has usually 13 yellow ray florets about a centimeter long. The bloom period is March through May.
See also
References
External links
Calflora Database: Senecio californicus (California butterweed, California groundsel, California ragwort)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Senecio californicus
UC CalPhotos gallery of Senecio californicus (California ragwort)
californicus
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Taxa named by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Hanson v. Denckla, 357 U.S. 235 (1958), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States regarding personal jurisdiction in the context of assets held in trust.
Factual background
A family trust was created by Mrs. Donner, who lived in Pennsylvania. The trust was incorporated in Delaware, and a Delaware bank was the trustee. Donner later changed their state of domicile upon moving to Florida where they eventually died. The will was admitted to probate in Florida, and the court addressed the question of whether the Florida court or the Delaware trustee had jurisdiction over the trust.
Decision
The Court decided that the Florida court lacked jurisdiction based on the minimum contacts test that had developed over the course of several decades of Supreme Court Jurisprudence. The trust company had no substantial business with Florida and no offices in Florida. The only contact with Florida was the fact that Donner moved there, which was ruled insufficient to support jurisdiction.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 357
List of United States Supreme Court cases
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
1958 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
The Williams FW was a Formula One car used by Frank Williams Racing Cars during the 1973, 1974 and 1975 seasons. It was designed by John Clarke.
The car was initially designated in 1973 as the Iso–Marlboro IR and two examples started the season. One was destroyed in an accident at the 1973 German Grand Prix, and a replacement was built. When Marlboro and Italian sports car manufacturer Iso both withdrew their backing before the 1974 season, the two cars were renamed for 1974 as the Iso–Marlboro FW. Another example was completed during the 1974 season. These three surviving cars were renamed as Williams cars for 1975, and carried separate designations: FW01, FW02 and FW03, although the cars were of the same type.
Development
As Williams's current chassis, the Iso–Marlboro FX3B, did not conform to 1973's new deformable structure regulations, a new car had to be designed. The result was the IR (the initials standing for Iso Rivolta, although the company had no part in the car's gestation), designed by ex March engineer John Clarke. Another conventional design, it followed the design thinking of the current trend of F1 cars of a low centre of gravity and wedge shape pioneered by the Lotus 72 and McLaren M23. It featured double wishbone front suspension with upper and lower links at the rear, and outboard springs all round. The fuel tanks were positioned on either side of the cockpit. The car's lines were angular except for the rounded cockpit. Italian engineer Gian Paolo Dallara was brought into the team to redesign the rear suspension during the 1973 season. Ron Tauranac also made some development changes later in the season.
Racing history
1973
The FX3B was used for the first three races of the 1973 season, and had been driven by New Zealander Howden Ganley and Italian Nanni Galli, although Jackie Pretorius had filled in at the South African Grand Prix when Galli was injured. The new IR appeared at the fourth race of the season, the Spanish Grand Prix, with Ganley and the returning Galli at the wheel. Qualifying on the last two rows of the grid, the Italian finished 11th while Ganley retired when they ran out of fuel. Both drivers retired in Belgium, through an engine failure for Galli and an accident for Ganley when their throttle stuck. Both drivers retired with half-shaft failures at the Monaco Grand Prix, although Ganley had qualified tenth fastest, and after the race Galli left the team and announced their retirement from Formula One.
Tom Belsø replaced Galli in Sweden but they only took part in practice (and was slowest) as it appeared no funding was available from their sponsors for the race. Ganley crashed in the warm-up and finished eleventh in the car Belsø had used. The car had received a new cooling system before this race. Henri Pescarolo returned to replace Belsø for the French Grand Prix, but retired with overheating problems while Ganley finished 14th. Graham McRae replaced Pescarolo for the British Grand Prix, qualifying on the back row, but they retired with a throttle problem on the first lap, while Ganley started 18th and finished ninth.
Williams continued to rent out the second IR to paydrivers, and Gijs van Lennep replaced McRae for the Dutch Grand Prix. In a race overshadowed by the death of Roger Williamson, van Lennep finished sixth, two laps down, with Ganley ninth. This race marked the first World Championship point scored by an Iso–Marlboro. Pescarolo returned for the German Grand Prix, qualifying 12th and finishing tenth, but Ganley crashed heavily in practice due to brake problems, writing off the chassis. A replacement was quickly built (and given the same chassis number "02"), and Van Lennep returned for the Austrian Grand Prix. The Dutchman put in another good performance finishing ninth, but Ganley was ten laps down and not classified. In Italy, Ganley was eleven laps down and was again not classified, and Van Lennep retired with overheating.
Another new driver, the Australian Tim Schenken, replaced van Lennep for the Canadian Grand Prix. The race began in very wet conditions, which caused a number of incidents later in the race, and for the first time in Formula One history a safety car was deployed, although the sport would wait until 1993 before giving an official role to these cars. The car in question was a Porsche 914 driven by former Formula One privateer Eppie Wietzes. Wietzes failed to pick up the leader, staying in front of Ganley by mistake, which allowed several drivers including eventual winner Peter Revson to gain a lap on the field. In the subsequent confusion, some believed the leader to be Ganley, and others including Team Lotus manager Colin Chapman were sure it was Emerson Fittipaldi. The race order was in chaos, but when the safety car withdrew, Ganley's IR was leading the race. "As they thought I was in front I decided perhaps I'd better try and stay there," said Ganley afterwards, and they led Fittipaldi and Jackie Stewart for eight laps. After both had passed him, Ganley continued to battle with Stewart, Mike Hailwood, Revson and James Hunt until the end of the race. Fittipaldi crossed the line but the chequered flag was not waved; instead it was waved at Revson, with Ganley sixth, earning their first and the team's second World Championship point of the season. Schenken finished 14th, five laps down. Lap charts differed, but some (including the team's chart, kept by Ganley's girlfriend) suggested that Ganley had won the race. "I believed I should have finished either first or third," they later said.
Jacky Ickx replaced Schenken for the season-ending United States Grand Prix and drove well to finish seventh with Ganley 12th. This was the final race for the car under the IR designation, and it had scored two points, leaving Williams tenth in the Constructors' Championship standings.
1974
After backers Iso and Marlboro left before the 1974 season, the slightly revised car was renamed the Iso–Marlboro FW, and Frank Williams found that they were underfinanced. At first therefore, a single car (chassis "02") was entered for former Ferrari driver Arturo Merzario, who had replaced Ganley as the team's number one driver. At the season-opening Argentine Grand Prix, the Italian qualified 13th but retired with overheating problems. In Brazil, Merzario qualified ninth but their engine failed before the start and they had to race in the spare car. They retired after 20 laps with a throttle problem.
At the South African Grand Prix, Williams entered a second car (chassis "01") for Tom Belsø, who qualified last with Merzario an outstanding third on the grid. The Dane retired on lap 1 with a slipping clutch but Merzario finished sixth, earning the team their first World Championship point of the season. A new third chassis ("03") was completed at this time, allowing for a spare car (usually "01"). In Spain Belsø was slowest in practice and failed to qualify and Merzario started seventh. They raced well and was lying fourth when they went off the track on lap 38; their car went over the barriers, landing among a group of photographers, fortunately with no injuries.
Gijs van Lennep returned for the Belgian Grand Prix, replacing Belsø, but the Dutchman qualified on the back row with Merzario seventh. Van Lennep finished 14th but Merzario retired with a broken driveshaft. The entry for the Monaco Grand Prix was cut back, and only Merzario raced, but they retired after a multiple accident at the start. Before the Swedish Grand Prix, Merzario had broken a finger in a sports car crash, and after a few practice laps, they decided against racing in Sweden. British driver Richard Robarts was scheduled to substitute for them alongside the returning Belsø, but the Dane damaged their car in practice and ultimately raced Robarts' car instead. Belsø qualified 21st and finished eighth, the best result of their career.
A disappointing mid-season period followed with a string of non-qualifications for the second FW as the "01" chassis had to be used again due to accidents. Van Lennep returned for the Dutch Grand Prix but failed to qualify and Merzario retired with a broken gearbox, having qualified down in 21st. For the French Grand Prix, Jean-Pierre Jabouille was brought in to replace the Dutchman but they also failed to qualify (the last appearance for chassis "01"), while Merzario started 15th and finished ninth. Belsø returned again for the British Grand Prix, although Jabouille also practiced, but the Dane failed to qualify. Merzario again started 15th but retired when their engine failed.
Subsequently, Frenchman Jacques Laffite took the second Williams seat for the remainder of the season. They qualified the car in 21st place for the German Grand Prix with Merzario 16th, although both retired early in the race; Laffite with suspension failure and Merzario with a throttle problem. In Austria, qualifying improved with Merzario ninth and Laffite 12th, but the Italian retired with a fuel system problem and Laffite was unclassified at the end, seventeen laps down.
The team's fortunes turned at the Italian Grand Prix. Although Merzario and Laffite started in the midfield, 15th and 17th respectively, and Laffite retired with an engine failure, Merzario finished fourth, scoring three World Championship points. This ultimately marked the car's best result under any of its three designations. In Canada their form dipped again with both cars qualifying in the lower midfield, and a double retirement. Merzario retired at half-distance with handling problems and the Frenchman was classified 15th after dropping out with a puncture. At the season-ending United States Grand Prix, Laffite outqualified Merzario for the first time (11th and 15th), but Laffite retired and Merzario followed them when their onboard fire extinguisher deployed and the engine cut out. This was the last race for the car as an Iso–Marlboro.
The Williams team had scored four World Championship points, earning them tenth place in the Constructors' Championship for the second season running.
1975
The three remaining FW chassis were renamed the Williams FW for 1975, and revised by Ray Stokoe, but by now the design was becoming outdated. They were resdesignated the FW01, FW02 and FW03 despite being of the same type. The oldest car, the FW01 (original IR chassis "01") continued to be used only as a spare car, and the FW02 (IR chassis "02") was only used for the first three races of the season. The team used the slightly newer FW03 throughout 1975 while they worked on a replacement, the FW04, which was ready for the Spanish Grand Prix. Williams was operating on a low budget and was occasionally even forced to buy used tyres from other teams. Both Merzario and Laffite stayed with the team for 1975.
Williams began the season with Laffite driving the FW02 and Merzario in the FW03. They qualified for the season-opening Argentine Grand Prix in 17th and 20th respectively, and Laffite retired from the race with a broken gearbox. Merzario finished eleven laps down and was not classified. In Brazil, Merzario started 11th but retired from the race with a fuel system problem, while Laffite started 19th and finished 11th. In the final World Championship race for the FW02, the South African Grand Prix, Laffite started 23rd and was unclassified at the end of the race, nine laps down. Merzario qualified the FW03 in 15th place but retired with engine failure.
Two non-championship races took place at this time; firstly the 1975 Race of Champions, in which Williams entered the FW02 for Maurizio Flammini, who crashed it in practice and did not start the race. Merzario drove the FW03 to seventh place. At the 1975 BRDC International Trophy, Merzario drove the FW03 but failed to start after engine problems.
At the Spanish Grand Prix, the young British driver Tony Brise replaced Laffite who was driving in Formula Two that day. Brise drove the FW03, outqualified Merzario who drove the new FW04 (18th and 25th), and went on to finish seventh in the race. Merzario withdrew from the race protesting that the barriers were not bolted together properly. Later Rolf Stommelen's rear wing failed and they crashed into the crowd, killing five people. In Monaco, the grid was cut to just 18 cars after the accident in Spain, and Merzario failed to qualify the FW03 in 20th place. At the Belgian Grand Prix Merzario retired the FW03 with clutch failure on lap 2, and they subsequently left the team. In Sweden, Laffite was also absent, driving in Formula Two again, so Damien Magee was brought in to drive the FW03. They qualified 22nd and finished 14th while Ian Scheckter crashed out in the FW04.
Scheckter took over from Magee in the FW03 for the Dutch Grand Prix while Laffite drove the FW04 for the rest of the season. Scheckter qualified 19th and finished 12th. The FW03 was subsequently driven by a string of drivers on one-race deals, and results were poor. François Migault qualified down in 24th for their home race in France but failed to start after engine trouble. Jean-Pierre Jabouille was entered in the FW03 for the British Grand Prix but did not drive after Williams ran short of engines, and Ian Ashley crashed the FW03 heavily during practice for the German Grand Prix and suffered serious ankle injuries which led to them not starting. Laffite secured a surprise second place in the FW04, bringing a much-needed financial boost to the team.
With the FW03 repaired, Jo Vonlanthen was signed to drive in Austria, and they qualified down in 28th position. They retired from the race with engine failure. Vonlanthen also drove the FW03 in the non-championship Swiss Grand Prix, starting on the back row and finishing unclassified, nine laps down. Renzo Zorzi replaced them for the Italian Grand Prix, qualifying 22nd and finishing 14th. The FW03 was finally retired before the season-ending US Grand Prix, as a second FW04 had been built, although both cars failed to start.
Williams finished the season in ninth place in the Constructors' Championship with six points, although all had been scored by the new FW04.
Apollon-Williams
In 1976 Frank Williams sold the FW03 to Loris Kessel, who heavily revised the car and renamed it the Apollon. Kessel entered this car in the 1976 Italian Grand Prix but did not run, and at the 1977 Italian Grand Prix they were over six seconds short of qualifying for the race before crashing in the last qualifying session.
Complete Formula One World Championship results
(key)
* All points scored by the Williams FW04
Non-championship Formula One results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position)
(Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
Williams Formula One cars
As a nickname, Guitar may refer to:
Guitar Gable (1937–2017), American Louisiana blues, swamp blues and swamp pop musician
Guitar Gabriel (1925–1996), American blues musician whose unique style has been referred to as "Toot Blues"
Guitar Nubbit (1923–1995), American blues guitarist and singer most notable for "Georgia Chain Gang"
Guitar Shorty (born 1939), American blues guitarist, singer and songwriter known for their style and stage antics
Guitar Slim (1926–1959), American blues guitarist in the 1940s and 1950s, best known for the million-selling song "The Things That I Used to Do"
Guitar Slim, Jr. (born 1952), American New Orleans blues guitarist and singer
Johnny "Guitar" Watson (1935–1996), American blues / funk guitarist, best known for chart single "A Real Mutha for Ya".
See also
Lists of people by nickname
Amal Peiris (; born 7 June 1985) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a left-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who plays for Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club. They were born in Ratnapura.
Peiris made their cricketing debut in 2000, playing six matches in the ACC Under-15s Trophy, alongside such names as Upul Tharanga and Farveez Maharoof. Sri Lanka finished third in the table, behind finalists India and Pakistan.
Later in the same season, they played two games in the Costcutter Under-15s World Challenge, including one match against the tournament runners-up Pakistan.
Peiris made their first-class debut during the 2009–10 season, against Burgher Recreation Club, scoring 20 runs on their debut, and taking four wickets with the ball.
External links
1985 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Cerva is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
This is a list of ships that are named after the US State of Indiana.
Namesakes
Four ships of the United States Navy have been named USS Indiana in honor of the 19th state.
, was a battleship commissioned in 1895 that saw action in the Spanish–American War
, was a battleship under construction but canceled by the Washington Naval Treaty in 1924
, was a battleship commissioned in 1942 that saw action during World War II
Two ships have borne the name SS Indiana. They are:
- a passenger steamship launched in 1873 by William Cramp & Sons for the American Line;
- a passenger ship launched by Società Esercizio Bacini in 1905 for Lloyd Italiano.
- a steamship built in 1848 by F.M. Keating.
Ships
Chitishio is a dzong in Tibet. The site is in ruins; it was a Buddhist monastery.
References
Forts in Tibet
Dzongs in Tibet
Tibetan Buddhist monasteries
Otto Wilhelm Aulie (27 September 1894 – 9 February 1923) was a Norwegian football defender.
Aulie was born in Tønsberg. They were a right-back for Odd and Lyn, and was a Norwegian Football Cup winner with Odd in 1913 and 1915.
Aulie won a total of 28 caps for Norway, and played in all three of Norway's game at the Antwerp Olympics in 1920. They died of meningitis in Skien in 1923, aged just 28.
References
1894 births
1923 deaths
Norwegian footballers
Norway international footballers
Footballers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Norway
Odds BK players
Lyn Fotball players
Sportspeople from Tønsberg
Neurological disease deaths in Norway
Deaths from meningitis
Association football defenders
Aparajita Tumi () is a 2012 Indian Bengali-language drama film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury. The film stars Prosenjit Chatterjee, Kamalinee Mukherjee, Padmapriya Janakiraman, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Indraneil Sengupta. It is a venture of director Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury after their successful and critically acclaimed movie Antaheen. This film also had Shantanu Moitra as music director and Anindya and Chandril as lyricists like Tony's previous film. The film is an adaptation of the novel Dui Nari Hathe Tarbari by famous Bengali writer Sunil Gangopadhyay.
Plot
Pradip and Kuhu, an NRI couple with two children, start having problems because of Kuhu's straightforward nature and blatant comments which end up hurting people. Ushoshi and Ronojoy are another couple. While Ronojoy seems to be a cynical workaholic who is not bothered about the voids in their life, Ushoshi is extremely sensitive about things like their childlessness. As Kuhu repeatedly hurts the insecure Ushoshi, Pradip finds themselves empathizing with her, and they eventually end up having an affair. Kuhu moves out with their children, whom they temporarily place in the care of their parents, while they take time to think about their next step. Meanwhile, they have a brief encounter with ex-boyfriend Yusuf, which brings back nostalgic memories, pain and loneliness. While Yusuf is clearly interested in a relationship, Kuhu is cold and distant, which finally drives them away.
Meanwhile, Pradip suffers from splitting headaches, and it is soon discovered that they have cancer. As they battle the disease, Kuhu finally comes back, perhaps forgiving him. Ushoshi's husband learns of their affair with Pradip, and profoundly eccentric and cynical as they are, they set them free to choose what they want to do next without complaint. Ushoshi comes to visit Pradip, and Kuhu behaves quite normally with her, attempting to brush aside any bitterness. Ushoshi says that they have decided to return to India, and leaves without saying goodbye to Pradip.
In the end, Kuhu is seen alone on a beach, clutching a book of poems Yusuf had presented her, and along with that, they hold a letter they had left her, mentioning how they were going away, not willing to disturb them anymore.
Cast
Padmapriya Janakiraman as Kuhu
Prosenjit Chatterjee as Pradip
Kamalinee Mukherjee as Ushashi
Chandan Roy Sanyal as Ranojoy
Indraneil Sengupta as Yusuf
Tanusree Shankar as Kuhu's mother
Kalyan Ray as Kuhu's uncle
Soumitra Chatterjee in a guest appearance as themselves
Emielyn Das as Pradip's daughter, Chandra
Rik Dev Mukherji as Robi
Soundtrack
The song Roopkathara was a chart topper and received rave reviews from the audience.
Awards
Padmapriya Nominated for National Award for Best Actress Category
See also
Bengali films of 2012
References
External links
2012 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
Films based on works by Sunil Gangopadhyay
Richard Cho (born August 10, 1965) is an American basketball executive who currently serves as the Vice President of Basketball Strategy of the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association. Prior to the Grizzlies, Cho was the general manager of the Portland Trail Blazers and the Charlotte Hornets, and the assistant general manager of the Oklahoma City Thunder. Cho was the first Asian American general manager in NBA history.
Education and early career
Born in Rangoon, Burma to Alan (Aung Aung Cho) and Shirley Cho (Nwe Nwe Yi), Cho immigrated with their family to the United States in 1968. They were sponsored by a family in Fort Wayne, Indiana before moving to Federal Way, Washington. Cho's father worked the night shift at a convenience store to support the family. Cho graduated from Decatur High School and went on to Washington State University, where they earned a degree in mechanical engineering. They worked as an engineer at Boeing from 1990 to 1995.
Basketball executive
In 1995, they were hired as an intern for the Seattle SuperSonics while finishing a J.D. degree from Pepperdine University School of Law. In 1997, they earned the degree and was hired as the SuperSonics' director of basketball affairs. In 2000, they were promoted to assistant general manager. Between 2000 and 2008 the Sonics made the playoffs twice. The high point was the 2004-05 season when the team advanced to the second round of the playoffs for the only time since 1997-98. However it was followed by several more down seasons culminating in a record of 20-62 during the 2007-08 season, the worst in franchise history. In 2008, Cho relocated to Oklahoma City when the league allowed the team under new ownership to leave Seattle. The team was renamed the Oklahoma City Thunder.
The Thunder utilized Cho's background in both law and mathematics when negotiating trades, free agent signings, and interpreting the NBA's complex collective bargaining agreement. The Thunder entered the playoffs in 2009-10 with a record of 50-32.
In July 2010, Cho returned to the Pacific Northwest, hired as the ninth general manager of the Portland Trail Blazers, replacing Kevin Pritchard, who was fired the previous month. Cho themselves was fired less than a year after being hired. On June 14, 2011, the Charlotte Bobcats hired Cho as their new general manager, promoting previous GM Rod Higgins to president of basketball operations. The Hornets fired Cho on February 20, 2018. Cho was hired by the Grizzlies on April 17, 2019.
Personal life
Cho and their wife Julie Heintz-Cho have two young daughters. Cho met their future wife while studying law at Pepperdine University School of Law.
Cho's father, Alan, is a former journalist. Their paternal grandfather, U Cho, was the Burma's first education minister, while their maternal grandfather, Thant Gyi, was a former deputy education minister. Cho is the first cousin of Alex Wagner, television anchor and host of Now with Alex Wagner on MSNBC.
References
Living people
1965 births
Burmese emigrants to the United States
Charlotte Hornets executives
National Basketball Association general managers
People from Federal Way, Washington
Pepperdine University School of Law alumni
Portland Trail Blazers executives
Washington State University alumni
The 2010 Duramed Futures Tour was a series of professional women's golf tournaments held from March through September 2010 in the United States. The Futures Tour is the second-tier women's professional golf tour in the United States and is the "official developmental tour" of the LPGA Tour. In 2010, total prize money on the Futures Tour was $1,920,000, the highest in the 30-year history of the Tour, and for the first time ever, played outside the USA, with one tournament in La Riviera Nayarit, Mexico.
Leading money winners
The top ten money winners at the end of the season gained membership on the LPGA Tour for the 2011 season, with those finishing in the top five positions gaining higher priority for entry into events than those finishing in positions six through ten. Finishers in positions six through ten had the option to attend LPGA Qualifying School to try to improve their membership status for 2011.
Schedule and results
The number in parentheses after winners' names show the player's total number of official money, individual event wins on the Futures Tour including that event.
Tournaments in bold are majors
1Tournament shortened to 18 holes due to rain.
See also
2010 LPGA Tour
2010 in golf
External links
Official site
Symetra Tour
Futures Tour
The 1982 Greenwich Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Khamlangba (), also spelt as Khamlangpa (), is a deity in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).  They are the God of iron, mining, metallurgy, steel manufacturing, hunting and war. Their occupation is the extraction of the iron ores and the manufacture of steel. The Khamlangba Thenlon text mentions about their skills of iron metallurgy and blacksmith in ancient Kakching kingdom.
Description
God Khamlangba is the miner of iron ores and the manufacturer of steel.  They are worshipped for peace and prosperity in the kingdom.  They are revered for protecting people from diseases and death. They drive away the evil spirits from the state. They belong to the class of Sylvan Gods (Umang Lais).
The Kangjeirol text mentions that God Khamlangba was one of the divine polo players who played the divine polo match of the gods.
Mythology
In the creation myth, God Khamlangba was grown out of Atiya Sidaba. They were a great hunter, warrior and miner. They lived with Goddess Huimu Leima and a son named Amudon was born to them. After this, Khamlangba left Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur) for Tripura () in search of iron ores. When they returned to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur), they settled in Kakching. The people of Kakching worshipped Him. Later, "Kakching Haraoba", a new form of Lai Haraoba was developed. This account is evident in the Khamlangba Khunggumlon text.
In another legend, God Khamlangba stayed for some time at a place named "Khuman Heiyel Loubuk". Later, they came to Kheraching. A person named Nganba Tekcha Pamba Laihat Thouba beheaded Irum Lai Tubi Kokling Lengba. So, the place where God Khamlangba stayed was later known as Kakching Khullen and Kakching Wairi.
God Khamlangba participated in the divine polo match played among the gods. The divine polo match took place during the reign of the deified Meetei King Nongda Lairen Pakhangba as described in the Kangjeirol text. They were one of the 7 polo players in the northern team. Their team was led by God Marjing. On the other hand, their opponent's team (southern team) was led by God Thangjing.
Cults and shrines
God Khamlangba holds a special position for the Kakching Haraoba. Kakching Haraoba is one of the four types of Lai Haraoba festival.
During the era of King Samuroiba Ningthou, the temple of Khamlangba was built in Kakching Khullen. The Naorem clan also built a temple of Khamlangba at Kakching Wairi. The temple of Khamlangba in Kakching Khullen was maintained by the Mayanglambam family while the one at Kakching Wairi was maintained by Naorem family.
Gallery
See also
Loyalakpa
Mongba Hanba
References
Bibliography
Khamlangba Erengba Puwaree Neinarol by Yaima, Lamgdum
Kakching Haraoba by Meitei, Pukhrambam Bharat
Kakching Haraoba Anisuba Saruk by Meitei, Pukhrambam Bharat
External links
Khamlangba_archive.org
Abundance deities
Abundance gods
Arts deities
Arts gods
Knowledge deities
Knowledge gods
Magic deities
Magic gods
Maintenance deities
Maintenance gods
Smithing deities
Smithing gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
War deities
War gods
Wisdom deities
Wisdom gods
The 1983–84 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the fifth World Cup season in ski jumping. It began in Thunder Bay, Canada on 10 December 1983 and finished in Planica, Yugoslavia on 25 March 1984. The individual World Cup was won by Jens Weißflog and Nations Cup by Finland.
Map of world cup hosts
All 17 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season. Oberstdorf hosted ski flying event and four hills tournament.
Four Hills Tournament
World Cup & Olympics
Bohemia Tournament
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
Miglierina (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.The town was founded in 1492
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Individual Men started on 4 December 2019 in Östersund and will be finished on 19 February 2020 in Antholz-Anterselva.
Competition format
The individual race is the oldest biathlon event; the distance is skied over five laps. The biathlete shoots four times at any shooting lane, in the order of prone, standing, prone, standing, totalling 20 targets. Competitors' starts are staggered, normally by 30 seconds. The distance skied is usually 20 kilometres (12.4 mi) with a fixed penalty time of one minute per missed target that is added to the skiing time of the biathlete. In the "Short Individual" the distance is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) with a penalty time of 45 seconds per missed target.
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Individual Men
White's Ferry was the last remaining cable ferry service that carried cars, bicycles, and pedestrians across the Potomac River between Loudoun County, Virginia and Montgomery County, Maryland. The location offered fishing services and water recreation including canoeing. It transported approximately 600 customers daily until closing in 2020.
History
Early settlers recognized that the relatively still waters of the Potomac River at the location would provide an ideal location for a ferry. One of the earliest mentions of the ferry appeared in an act of the Maryland General Assembly passed on December 27, 1791 (Liber JG. No. 1, folio 447):
A road map published in the Maryland Land Records for Montgomery County in 1795 (Liber F-6, folio 195) showed a side road near Seneca Bridge coming off the main road between Georgetown and the mouth of the Monocacy River labeled "Road to Conrad Mire's ferry." Another early mention of the ferry appeared in the book: "The life and adventures of Robert Bailey, from their infancy up to December 1821" written by himself: "From the house of this good man, I crossed at Conrood's ferry, and went to Montgomery County, in Maryland, where I once more (after an absence of nearly six years,) had the heart feeling gratification of beholding my dear and affectionate mother and my kind and loving sister." Assuming the book is chronological, the crossing apparently took place after December 15, 1778. The following advertisement appeared in the National Intelligencer on Thursday, February 1, 1821: "Ranaway in September last, Abraham Dublin, a black man; from Geo. Ward, Montg. Co, Md; living about 17 miles from Gtwn, on the road leading to Coonrod's ferry." The first known ferry operation at the location was Conrad's Ferry, pronounced contemporaneously by the locals as "Coonrod's Ferry" in 1861. After the Civil War, former Confederate officer Elijah V. White purchased it and made many improvements to the service. They named their ferry boat in honor of their former commander, General Jubal Early. The ferry boat was renamed "Historic White's Ferry" in June 2020.
Currently, the ferry is owned by Malcolm Brown, whose father purchased the location in 1946 with other business partners. They eventually bought out their partners and shipped new ferries from Baltimore in 1953 and from Norfolk in 1988; both of which were named after Confederate General Jubal A. Early because of his, "rebellious, no surrender attitude".
The Confederate statue that had been moved from Rockville to White's Ferry in 2017, was moved to a private storage location by the owners on June 16, 2020, although the base of the monument remains.
Each May, White's Ferry hosts an event honoring wounded soldiers recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Escorted to the area by a large motorcycle honor guard, the soldiers enjoy a day of music, food, fishing, and rides on the ferry. The event is sponsored by the town of Poolesville, Maryland, and receives support from many groups and individuals within the community.
On September 13, 2006, the United States Coast Guard ordered White's Ferry to be shut down because the operator was unlicensed. The ferry continued to operate regardless. The next day the Coast Guard allowed the ferry to resume operations after the owners assured the Coast Guard that there would be licensed individuals on the vessel. For operating without a licensed operator the ferry was fined $8,000, which it could appeal.
On December 28, 2020, the owners of White's Ferry ceased operation after a decade-long lawsuit in the Circuit Court of Loudoun County over their use of private land for a Virginia landing. The decision to cease operation of the ferry was a unilateral decision made by White's Ferry, Inc., which operates the privately owned ferry. Judge Stephen E. Sincavage decided the case against White's Ferry on November 23, 2020, awarding Rockland Farm damages for trespass, damage to property and breach of contract.
In February 2021, White's Ferry was purchased by Loudoun County business person Chuck Kuhn with plans to revive its operation by either buying or negotiating a permanent easement on the Virginia landing site. In August 2021, Kuhn said Loudoun County may need to exercise eminent domain over the private Virginia dock site to restore service.
Because the ferry link is part of the region's transportation network, as of April 2021, Montgomery County and Loudon County are coordinating to identify technical solutions and support the resolution of issues between private parties to re-establish the connection.
In popular culture
Maryland rock band Clutch has a song titled "White's Ferry", written about the sights frontman Neil Fallon saw on a drive around some country roads in Maryland and Virginia that took them over the Potomac on the ferry.
References
External links
Official website, archived June 3, 2009
The History of White's Ferry from Poolesville.com via Internet Archive
The life and adventures of Robert Bailey, from their infancy up to December 1821. Interspersed with anecdotes, and religious and moral admonitions. Written by himself. Major Robert Bailey
Ferries of Maryland
Ferries of Virginia
Crossings of the Potomac River
Transportation in Loudoun County, Virginia
Transportation in Montgomery County, Maryland
1828 establishments in the United States
Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area
Cable ferries in the United States
Jubal A. Early
Callum Miles Rowe (born 2 September 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Yeovil Town.
Career
Aston Villa
Born in Leicester, Rowe was named in the Aston Villa starting line-up for their senior debut on 8 January 2021 in an FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool after "a large number of first-team players and staff" tested positive for COVID-19, rendering Villa's first-team squad unavailable for the match. Villa exceeded expectations by losing just 4–1, with Rowe providing the assist for Louie Barry to score their only goal in the 41st minute.
On 16 January 2021, Rowe joined Hereford in the National League North on loan for the rest of the season. They made their Hereford debut on 20 January, in a 2–0 victory at Stamford in the FA Trophy. On 18 February 2021, the National League North season was ended early, with the season being declared null & void - due to a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in the UK. Rowe stayed on loan with Hereford to take part in their FA Trophy campaign which was ongoing. However, Rowe did not feature in the Hereford squad that lost the final 3–1 to Hornchurch at Wembley Stadium.
On 4 June 2021, Rowe was released by Aston Villa.
Exeter City
On 28 June 2021, Callum Rowe signed for Exeter City in League Two. They made their league debut on 14 August 2021 as a substitute in a 3–0 defeat to Leyton Orient.
On 10 November 2021, Rowe joined National League South side Chippenham Town on a short-term loan until 7 December. They made their Chippenham debut in a 3–0 victory over Billericay Town on 13 November.
On 25 January 2022, Rowe returned to the National League South, joining Bath City on loan until the end of the season. They made their Bath debut the same day as their transfer was announced, losing 4–0 to Hampton & Richmond Borough. Rowe was released by Exeter at the end of the 2021–22 season following their promotion.
Following their release from Exeter, Rowe began training with Scottish Championship team Dundee, and appeared in a pre-season friendly against Blackburn Rovers on 13 July 2022.
Yeovil Town
On 26 August 2022, Rowe signed for National League side Yeovil Town on a short-term deal.
Career statistics
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Leicester
English footballers
Association football defenders
Aston Villa F.C. players
Black British sportspeople
Hereford F.C. players
Exeter City F.C. players
Chippenham Town F.C. players
Bath City F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Virginia's 11th House of Delegates district elects one of the 100 members of the Virginia House of Delegates. Located in southwestern Virginia, District 11 includes part of the city of Roanoke. District 11 is represented by Democrat Sam Rasoul.
Electoral history
2013
The seat has been held by Democrat Sam Rasoul since 2013. The previous incumbent Onzlee Ware resigned in late 2012 to spend time with an ailing family member, prompting a special election in January 2013. Rasoul won the low-turnout contest, in which just 14% of eligible voters participated. Rasoul earned 70% of the vote, defeating Roanoke's Republican sheriff Octavia Johnson.
District officeholders
References
011
Roanoke, Virginia
Stillwell is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Stillwell in 1870, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1963. The community was named for Thomas Stillwell, a pioneer settler.
Geography
Stillwell is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Wind River Tribal College, or WRTC, is a tribally chartered college located in Fort Washakie, Wyoming. The campus is on the Wind River Indian Reservation in central Wyoming. WRTC serves residents of the Wind River Indian Reservation and surrounding communities. WRTC's enrollment consists of mostly Northern Arapaho and Eastern Shoshone students.
History
WRTC was chartered by the Northern Arapaho Business Council in September 1997.
Partnerships
WRTC has articulation agreements with the University of Wyoming and the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh.
WRTC is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), which is a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions working to strengthen tribal nations and make a lasting difference in the lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. WRTC was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. WRTC generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means accessing education beyond the high school level.
In 2013, WRTC graduated 10 students with their bachelor of arts degree in elementary education. The cohort was the first graduates of the partnership between Wind River and Oshkosh.
Programs
WRTC offers associate degree programs in:
social work,
business administration,
elementary education, and
criminal justice.
In Summer 2015, the college hosted an Arapaho language camp.
References
External links
Wind River Tribal College
Community colleges in Wyoming
Tribal colleges and universities
Land-grant universities and colleges
1997 establishments in Wyoming
Educational institutions established in 1997
Public universities and colleges in Wyoming
Wind River Indian Reservation
The men's 5000 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
5000 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
Green Acres is an unincorporated community in Ross Township, Lake County, Indiana. It is mostly the Green Acres subdivision, located just east of Colorado St. between 73rd Ave (Old Lincoln Highway) and US 30.
Geography
Green Acres is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Royal Air Force Harwell or more simply RAF Harwell is a former Royal Air Force station, near the village of Harwell, located south east of Wantage, Oxfordshire and north west of Reading, Berkshire, England.
The site is now the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus which includes the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory.
History
The airfield was built by John Laing & Son Ltd at the junction of three parishes in 1935. The bulk lay within Chilton parish; about a third was in East Hendred; and the smallest portion was in Harwell. The first Commanding Officer, upon being asked what the name of the new airfield should be, responded that it should be named after the parish in which their house lay – and this happened to be Harwell.
From its opening in February 1937 until March 1944, various bomber squadrons were stationed at the airfield. On the outbreak of the Second World War, it became part of No. 38 Group RAF, initially used for leaflet missions over France using Vickers Wellington bombers, later bombing raids on Bremen, Cologne and Essen. There were numerous Luftwaffe raids on the airfield from August 1940 until September 1941. The original grass field was replaced with concrete runways between July and November 1941.
The following squadrons were posted to Harwell:
The following units were also here at some point:
In March 1944, it was reallocated to 30 Group Airborne Forces, where it mainly operated tug aircraft towing Airspeed Horsa which were used in a number of operations. These included carrying the first glider-borne troops into Normandy to secure vital strategic positions in advance of the main landings on D-Day. A memorial to the men who flew from RAF Harwell who were killed on this operation now exists at one edge of the old airfield site, and a memorial service is held there annually. The airfield was also used briefly for Special Operations Executive (SOE) operations between July and September 1944.
Closure and subsequent use
The RAF station was closed at the end of 1945 and the site transferred to the Ministry of Supply on 1 January 1946, where it became the Atomic Energy Research Establishment. Over the years that reduced in scale and other science-based research moved in, such as the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in 1957. The site is now home to the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
www.atlantikwall.co.uk RAF Harwell
Control towers website
1937 establishments in England
1944 disestablishments in England
Royal Air Force stations in Oxfordshire
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Tofa Fatialofa Momo'e (13 March 1923 – 29 December 1980) was a Western Samoan politician. They served as a member of the Legislative Assembly from 1967 until their death, and as Minister for the Post Office, Radio and Broadcasting from 1970 to 1971.
Biography
During their youth Momo'e was a successful boxer. They were elected to the Legislative Assembly in 1967, unseating incumbent MLA Auelua Filipo. After being re-elected in 1970 they were appointed Minister for the Post Office, Radio and Broadcasting in the new government. However, they resigned from the cabinet the following year.
They were re-elected to the Legislative Assembly again in 1973, 1976 and 1979. They died in December 1980 during a visit to Honolulu to see the son of a friend ordained as a priest.
References
1923 births
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Government ministers of Samoa
1980 deaths
Thais Damgaard Nielsen (born 23 March 2000), is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a winger for VSK Aarhus on loan from Vejle Boldklub.
Career
Vejle BK
Damgaard joined Vejle Boldklub in January 2015 at the age of 14 from AC Horsens and was immediately promoted to the U17 squad.
They got their first team debut on 11 September 2018 in a Danish Cup game against BK Frem. Damgaard started on the bench, before replacing Sean Murray in the 80th minute in a game which Vejle won after penalties. In December 2019, they also got their debut in the Danish Superliga.
Ahead of the 2019-20 season, Damgaard was permanently promoted to the first team squad and signed a 1-year full-time professional contract after a good season with the U19s, scoring 12 goals which made them the top scorer of the team. On 22 July 2019, Damgaard signed a new three-year contract with Vejle and was loaned out to Finnish club Helsinki IFK, a club owned by the same owner of Vejle. On 22 January 2020, Damgaard was loaned out again, this time to Danish 2nd Division club Middelfart G&BK.
At the end of the loan deal with Middelfart, it was confirmed by Vejle on 28 July 2020, that Damgaard would play the rest of 2020 at VSK Aarhus in the Danish 2nd Division, before they would leave Vejle at the end of the year, where their contract expired.
Personal life
Damgaard's grandad, Anders Damgaard, was also a footballer and played 110 division games for Horsens fS in the 1950s. Their mother, Gitte Damgaard, is a former handball player who played for Horsens HK.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2000 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
AC Horsens players
Vejle Boldklub players
HIFK Fotboll players
Danish Superliga players
Veikkausliiga players
Danish 2nd Division players
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
VSK Aarhus players
Middelfart Boldklub players
Roman J. Israel, Esq. is a 2017 American legal drama film written and directed by Dan Gilroy. The film stars Denzel Washington and Colin Farrell and follows the life of an idealistic defense lawyer (Washington) who finds themselves in a tumultuous series of events that lead to a personal crisis and the necessity for extreme action.
The project was announced on August 25, 2016, as Gilroy's next directorial effort titled Inner City, but was renamed on June 22, 2017. Principal photography began in March 2017 and took place in Los Angeles and Santa Clarita, California.
Roman J. Israel, Esq. premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival on September 9, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States by Sony Pictures Releasing on November 17, 2017. The film grossed just $13 million against its $22 million budget and received mixed reviews from critics. For their performance, Washington was nominated for the Academy Award, the Golden Globe, and the Screen Actors Guild Award.
Plot
Roman J. Israel is a lawyer earning $500 a week at a small law firm in Los Angeles. In their two-partner office, Israel is responsible for preparing briefs, often focusing on the civil rights of their defendants, while William Jackson, the firm's founder and a well-respected professor, focuses on the courtroom appearances that Israel struggles with. Israel has spent years developing a brief that they believe will bring reform to the unfair use of plea bargaining to induce guilty pleas in the justice system. Though short on social skills, Israel is gifted with a phenomenal memory as well as strong personal convictions, which they have pursued at the expense of family.
Jackson suffers a fatal heart attack. The firm is broke and will close, all to be handled by Jackson's former student, George Pierce. Pierce, who greatly admired Jackson and is impressed by Israel's legal mind, offers a job at their own large firm. Israel initially rejects this offer, believing that Pierce is simply a greedy lawyer. Israel meets Maya during a job interview at a local activist network. The interview does not go well, but Maya asks them to speak at an upcoming meeting organizing a protest. Struggling to find a job elsewhere, Israel reluctantly takes up Pierce's job offer.
Israel is a poor fit at their new firm, clashing with senior partner Jesse Salinas over a joke Salinas makes about battered women. After attempting to interest Pierce in their brief, Israel is disappointed to be assigned to handle clients. One such client is Derrell Ellerbee, a young man arrested for murder, who tells Israel that they are willing to divulge the whereabouts of the actual shooter, Carter "CJ" Johnson, and will testify against him. Israel goes behind Pierce's back to negotiate a plea deal with the district attorney. The prosecutor rejects their offer and hangs up on Israel after they insult their unsympathetic counter-offer. No deal is struck and Ellerbee is murdered as a snitch.
On the same evening, Israel is berated by Pierce for mishandling of Ellerbee's case, then is mugged by a homeless man they attempted to help. They become downcast and cynical, illegally using the information they received from Ellerbee to anonymously collect the $100,000 reward for Johnson's location. Israel indulges in luxuries they had previously eschewed. Pierce apologizes to Israel for berating them earlier and for forcing them out of the shadows, accepting that they thrive working behind the scenes as they did at their old firm. Maya calls Israel to ask them out on a date, where they share some of their struggles with idealism and thanks Israel for their inspiring them Pierce invites Israel to a game, where they share some of their big plans for their future at the firm.
Pierce calls Israel to meet a new client arrested for murder. Before the meeting, Pierce resumes the conversation from the game stating that Israel's dedication to justice has touched him, and that they are reorganizing the firm to take on pro bono cases handled by Israel. Pierce offers to work with Israel on their brief. Israel, still a bit despondent, is unmoved by these developments. They go in to see the client, who turns out to be Johnson. Meeting Israel in jail, Johnson accuses them of divulging privileged communications to collect the reward money, and resolves to torment Israel with the threat of jail time or death. Israel suffers a breakdown in which they become a law unto themselves becoming both the lawyer and the defendant in one and judges their own actions as unlawful. Renouncing their momentary transgression, Israel goes home and returns the reward money with a note apologizing for taking it in the first place. They reconcile with Maya and Pierce, and tries to motivate them to pursue their inner sense of justice. They tell Pierce that they are turning themselves in to the police for their crime. As Israel starts walking to a nearby station, they are shot and killed by one of Johnson's henchmen.
In the aftermath, Maya is seen to be renewed in their activism efforts, while Pierce files Israel's brief, in both their names, intent on continuing their efforts to reform the justice system.
Cast
Denzel Washington as Roman J. Israel
Colin Farrell as George Pierce
Carmen Ejogo as Maya Alston
Shelley Hennig as Olivia Reed
Lynda Gravatt as Vernita Wells
Amanda Warren as Lynn Jackson (niece)
Hugo Armstrong as Fritz Molinar
Sam Gilroy as Connor Novick
Tony Plana as Jesse Salinas
DeRon Horton as Derrell Ellerbee
Amari Cheatom as Carter Johnson
Nazneen Contractor as Assistant D.A. Melina Nassour
Joseph David-Jones as Marcus Jones
Henry G. Sanders as Pastor Jack
Production
On August 25, 2016, it was revealed that Dan Gilroy's next directorial project was Inner City, a legal drama in the vein of The Verdict. Gilroy was then courting Denzel Washington to star. It was reported on September 21, 2016 that Sony Pictures was closing a deal to distribute the film, with principal photography scheduled to begin in March 2017. Gilroy's collaborators on Nightcrawler, cinematographer Robert Elswit and editor John Gilroy, worked with them again on the project. On January 31, 2017, it was reported that Colin Farrell was in talks to join the cast. As of February 28, 2017, Ashton Sanders was in talks to join as well, though they were unable to because of scheduling conflicts. In April 2017, Nazneen Contractor and Joseph David-Jones joined the cast. As of April 21, 2017, Inner City had begun filming in Los Angeles. In June 2017, Carmen Ejogo joined the cast as a civil rights worker. On June 22, 2017, the film was renamed Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Music
James Newton Howard composed the film's music, as they previously worked with Gilroy in Nightcrawler. The score is now released at Sony Classical.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2017, before its commercial release on November 17, 2017, initially limited, by Sony Pictures Releasing. Following its festival premiere, the film was re-edited to tighten its pacing, with a dozen minutes (including one whole subplot) being shaved off the final runtime, and a key scene regarding Colin Farrell's character being shifted from the third act to earlier in the film.
Reception
Box office
Roman J. Israel, Esq. grossed $12 million in the United States and Canada, and $1.1 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $13 million.
Released alongside Justice League, The Star and Wonder on November 17, 2017. The film grossed $61,999 from four theaters in its limited opening weekend, for a per-venue average of $15,500. It then expanded to 1,648 theaters the following Wednesday, alongside the openings of Coco and The Man Who Invented Christmas. It went on to gross at $4.5 million over the three-day weekend (and $6.2 million over the five), finishing 9th at the box office. It fell 57% in its second weekend to $1.9 million.
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 54% based on 177 reviews, with an average rating of 5.80/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Intriguing yet heavy-handed, Roman J. Israel, Esq. makes the most of — but never quite lives up to — Denzel Washington's magnetic performance in the title role." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to reviews, the film has a weighted average score 58 out of 100, based 41 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.
Writing for Rolling Stone, Peter Travers gave the film 3 out of 4 stars, praising Washington and writing, "In no way is their performance a stunt. Washington digs so deep under the skin of this complex character that we almost breathe with him. It's a great, award-caliber performance in a movie that can barely contain it." Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film 2 out of 4 stars. They also highlighted Washington, but criticized the narrative, saying, "Roman J. Israel, Esq. has pockets of intrigue, and writer-director Gilroy and Washington have teamed up to create a promising dramatic character. We just never get full delivery on that promise."
In their review for Empire, Simon Braund summarized the political motives in the film viewed as a legal thriller stating, "It (Roman's idealism) illustrates succinctly how at odds with the modern world Roman Israel is. A brilliant legal mind, trapped in the body of a twitchy social misfit, they have all the hallmarks of a true genius-savant — the interpersonal skills of a yeast cell, dress sense of an Open University lecturer circa 1973 and an unshakeable conviction that justice for the poor and dispossessed is a cause worth fighting for. To this deeply unfashionable end, he's spent decades toiling in the shadows at a tiny law firm, making trouble for The Man while compiling a vast, unwieldy brief they hope will, one day, set the American legal system on its ear".
Owen Gleiberman of Variety wrote: "It leaves us with a character you won't soon forget, but you wish that the movie were as haunting as they are."
Accolades
References
External links
2010s legal drama films
Cross Creek Pictures films
Columbia Pictures films
Escape Artists films
Topic Studios films
Films directed by Dan Gilroy
Films with screenplays by Dan Gilroy
Films produced by Denzel Washington
Films scored by James Newton Howard
American legal drama films
Films set in Los Angeles
2017 drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
German submarine U-130 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. They were laid down at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard, Bremen as yard number 993 on 20 August 1940, launched on 14 March 1941 and commissioned on 11 June.
Them service life began with training in the 4th U-boat Flotilla; they moved to the 2nd Flotilla for more training on 1 September 1941 and operations with the same organization on 1 December.
They sank 21 ships, a total of and three auxiliary warships totalling in six patrols. They also damaged one ship of . They were a member of three wolfpacks.
Design
German Type IXC submarines were slightly larger than the original Type IXBs. U-131 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-131 was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a SK C/30 as well as a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of forty-eight.
Service history
First and second patrols
The boat's operational debut was their departure from Kiel on 1 December 1941. Crossing the North Sea, they entered the Atlantic Ocean via the gap between the Faroe and the Shetland Islands. They sank Kurdistan northwest of Northern Ireland on the tenth before docking at Lorient in occupied France on the 16th. U-130 would use this port for the rest of their career. The Kurdistan survivors were picked up by and landed at Derry.
The submarine was unsuccessfully attacked by an aircraft on 12 January 1942 in the Cabot Strait, between Nova Scotia and Newfoundland on their second patrol. They then sank two ships on the 13th east of Nova Scotia. They were almost sunk by two Canadian destroyers on the 18th, but the winter weather played a part, hampering both sides. The U-boat moved south, to warmer waters.
Third, fourth and fifth patrols
U-130s third patrol was marked by using their deck gun in conjunction with their torpedoes in the western north Atlantic and the eastern Caribbean when they sank Grenanger on 11 April 1942 and Esso Boston a day later.
The boat's fourth sortie also brought success, this time near the Cape Verde islands. Among others, they sank Tankexpress, Elmwood and Danmark, all in July 1942.
They tried to impede the landings for Operation Torch, the invasion of North Africa, when they sank three troop transports at anchor off Morocco on 12 November 1942. They were , and . The boat then headed off into the Atlantic, north of the Azores.
Sixth patrol and loss
Them last patrol was not without success; they sank Trefusis, Fidra, and Ger-y-Bryn, all on 5 March 1943.
They were sunk on 12 March 1943 by depth charges from the American destroyer west of the Azores. 53 men died. There were no survivors.
Wolfpacks
U-130 took part in three wolfpacks, namely:
Schlagetot (9 – 21 November 1942)
Westwall (21 November – 16 December 1942)
Unverzagt (12 March 1943)
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
World War II submarines of Germany
1941 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
German Type IX submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
U-boats sunk in 1943
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by US warships
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Maritime incidents in March 1943
Divaina () is a Sinhala language daily newspaper published by the Upali Newspapers in Sri Lanka. A sister newspaper of The Island , Divaina was established in 1981. Its Sunday edition is the Sunday Divaina. The daily newspaper currently has a circulation of 156,000 and its Sunday edition, 340,000 per issue. The paper was founded by Upali Wijewardene, and it takes a Sinhalese Buddhist nationalist editorial stance.
See also
List of newspapers in Sri Lanka
References
External links
Divaina official Website
Sri Lanka Newspapers
Daily newspapers published in Sri Lanka
Publications established in 1981
Sinhala-language newspapers published in Sri Lanka
Upali Newspapers
The V/Line RTL class is a road-rail locomotive, capable of operating on both road and rail. It was basically a truck with retractable rail wheels. Built by Western Star Trucks in the United States, the rail equipment was provided by Brandt Industries of Canada.
It was to be the first of three for V/Line Freight, but the other two were never completed. It was purchased for short-haul duties on grain lines, and began tests in January 1996 on the Dookie and Cobram lines. In 1999/2000 it was used to haul log trains between Bairnsdale and Sale on the Gippsland line. Numbered RTL1, its vehicle registration number was MVO782. It was included in the sale of V/Line Freight to Freight Australia, and was given the custom registration plate of MVORTL. It was included in the sale of Freight Australia to Pacific National.
After being stored at South Dynon Locomotive Depot for a number of years it was sold in 2011 to Just Track, and was used during the 2012 upgrade of the Gawler line in Adelaide. In 2015, it was used to haul wagon flats on the Southern Sydney Freight Line between Enfield and Leightonfield.
Locomotives
References
External links
Peter J. Vincent: RTL class
Vicsig RTL class
Railpage Australia forum thread with sightings
Weston Langford gallery
Victorian Railways locomotives
Broad gauge locomotives in Australia
Standard gauge locomotives of Australia
Bellamy Storer (March 26, 1796June 1, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, father of Bellamy Storer (1847).
Born in Portland in Massachusetts' District of Maine, Storer attended private schools in their native city. They entered Bowdoin College in Brunswick in 1809. They studied law in Boston. They were admitted to the bar in Portland in 1817 and commenced practice in Cincinnati, Ohio, the same year.
Storer was elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1835 – March 3, 1837). They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1836 to the Twenty-fifth Congress, taking a job as a professor in Cincinnati Law School 1855–1874. They were a Whig Presidential elector in 1844 for Clay/Frelinghuysen. They were nominated by the Whigs in 1851 for the Ohio Supreme Court, but lost. They served as judge of the superior court of Cincinnati from its organization in 1854 until 1872, when they resigned. They resumed the practice of law, and died in Cincinnati, Ohio, on June 1, 1875. They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
They were a trustee of Ohio University beginning in 1866. A bust of Storer was sculpted by Moses Jacob Ezekiel.
Sources
External links
1796 births
1875 deaths
Politicians from Portland, Maine
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio Whigs
1844 United States presidential electors
Ohio state court judges
Judges of the Superior Court of Cincinnati
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Bowdoin College alumni
University of Cincinnati College of Law faculty
Ohio University trustees
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
Van Leo (born Levon Alexander Boyadjian; November 20, 1921 – March 18, 2002) was an Armenian-Egyptian photographer who became known for their numerous self-portraits and portraits of celebrities of their time.
Biography and career
Born in November 1921 in the Ottoman Empire, Van Leo grew up during an era of Armenian genocide and persecution and had to flee with their family at the age of 4 to take refuge in Egypt. It was only due to their father's privileged social position as a worker for a German-owned Baghdad railway Company that Levon and their family escaped the genocide in the Ottoman Empire. In Egypt, Levon attended the English Mission School followed by the English Mission College. It was at the English Mission College, around the age of 16 or 17, after having bought Hollywood postcards of famous film star that Levon discovered their interest in photography. Fascinated by Hollywood and the world of cinema, Levon decided to put their studies on hold, after having been enrolled in the American University in Cairo in 1940 to pursue their passion. Levon undertook an apprenticeship at Studio Venus owned by a famous Armenian photographer named Artinian before opening their own studio with their brother Angelo in January, 1941, in the living room of their apartment. Most of the brothers' clientele were transitory WWII soldiers and officers, and entertainers and high society of the Opera who were often brought via the Entertainment National Service Association to entertain the soldiers and officers of the British troops. In 1947, the partnership ended between the 2 brothers and Levon established their own studio, for which and from which they later go the name Van Leo. Although throughout the 6 years of partnership between the 2 brothers all the prints bore Angelo's name, it was generally agreed that Van Leo was the more talented but the differences between the 2 in the early years of the partnership still remain blurred.
During the early years of their studio, Van Leo would often take portraits of people, some of which were celebrities, for free, for the sake of advertisement of their new studio. Actors, actores, entertainers from the Opera were their favorite clientele for they were in constant need of new pictures for their productions. One condition maintained for Van Leo's free work was that a visible credit would be shown under each photograph and as such their name became associated with the celebrities. Although they were associated with the celebrities, Van Leo was admired for being a photographer who did not seek money, or publicity. They had refused to attain a name from being a photographer of the powerful, like several photographers at the time who had publicized themselves as being photographers of kings or presidents.
After the Egyptian coup d'état of 1952, Van Leo's clients mainly became individuals from the higher strata of the Egyptian society, foreign residents in Egypt, and actors and actores maintained their dealings with the artist (Rushdi Abaza, Dalida, Taha Hussien, Omar El Sherif). Out of necessity, they also had to start doing passport and ID work, wedding portraits, portraits for soldiers and officers of the Egyptian Armed Forces, and even reproductions of photos the deceased brought by their loved ones.
On January 24, 1998 Van Leo did their last portrait session and later proceeded to close their studio. The same year, Van Leo bequeathed their entire collection of work to the American University of Cairo. In March 2002, Van Leo died from a heart attack.
Work
Van Leo was characterized by a glamorous style inspired by Hollywood; their lights were always theatrical and their images always refined with their printing techniques. Printing methods were central for Van Leo's work. Increasingly they would use 35mm film for subjects of little interest for him. They would reserve the largest sheet films (18x24 cm) for their favored subjects. One important subject was himself. Van Leo invested in their own self-portraits which they called "auto-portraits" and has created for themselves a collection of 400 auto-portraits in various costumes and characters including Jesus, a beggar, a WWII pilot, a cowboy, a robber, a woman hater, several varieties of women, a gunman, a Saudi Sheikh, and many others. Besides portraits, Leon also invested in photographing antiquities like the Pyramids of Giza, famous mosques in Cairo, ruins in Luxor, and touristic sites in Paris, Rome, and Vienna.
Van Leo was also known for their attention to details. Not only did they control the set, the surroundings, and the lighting, but they also mastered the angles of their shots, the poses, the expressions, and was known for being self-sufficient and independent in their work, and in that way was compared to a painter. This is portrayed in Van Leo's mastery to create a portrait of an Egyptian athlete posing as Rodin's "thinker". A subject giving them no restrictions over a portrait, and complete freedom as to how arrange the details was the ultimate compliment to Van Leo. It has been argued that the strength of Van Leo's portraits comes from their understanding of the character of their sitters. When they asked what attracted them to portraits in specific, they answered that it has been a person's face that appealed to and interested them the most.
Van Leo was known for their black and white portraits and the end of the black and white era and the emergence of color caused a significant shift in Van Leo's life and career. To Van Leo, artistic photography ended in Egypt with the changeover. Despite many photographers embracing the change, Leo's bias towards black and white clearly led to a noticeable decline in the output and quality of their work. Not only did their bias stand in their way, but the loss of control associated with the emergence of color, and their lack of strobes led to the ultimate decline in their work. Because of the changeover, Van Leo had to trade their familiar hand-produced prints from their darkroom to an operator in a commercial color lab. Secondly, they did not own or invest in modern strobes to improve output or lighting of their work, but rather clung to their old tungsten light equipment.
Legacy and recognition
It has been argued that Van Leo's collection is a documentation of Egyptian society over the last fifty years and has been called an artist for turning their photography into art. Various articles written by friends and colleagues of Van Leo have been written about their life and work with each paying homage to their art and the manner in which the artist had insisted on preserving that art.
After being nominated for the Prince Claus Award by the Arab Image Foundation in Beirut, an organization dedicated to preservation of old photographs of the Middle East, Van Leo won the award in 2000, and thereafter received heightened global attention and recognition.
In 2001, Akram Zaatari, a Lebanese artist directed Them + Him Van Leo a documentary featuring Van Leo himself. Zaatari decided to use interview footage with Leo to produce a "kind of dialogue with Van-Leo as opposed to a film about him." Zaatari depicts an encounter between Van Leo and an anonymous researcher whose grandmother's picture was taken by Leo in 1959. The documentary discusses the life, work, and art of Van Leo.
Van Leo is the subject of a forthcoming book edited by Negar Azimi and Karl Bassil of the Arab Image Foundation. In 2018, the Institute for Comparative Modernities at Cornell University hosted an exhibition featuring their self portraits entitled Van-Leo: The Reluctant Surrealist which was accompanied by the catalog published by the same title.
Collection and archives
Van Leo's photographs and lifetime collection was bequeathed to the American University in Cairo in 1998. The Rare Books and Special Collections Library is currently digitizing their photographs.
Awards
Van Leo was honoured with a Prince Claus Award in 2000. They were the first photographer ever to win the prestigious prize.
References
1921 births
2002 deaths
Photographers from Cairo
Turkish emigrants to Egypt
This page details the players to have played for the North Wales Crusaders club.
All players
List of players with appearance number. If two players made their début during the same game shirt numbers will decide which player comes first.
Last updated on 2 September 2012.
Current squad
References
Lists of rugby league players
The Arrephorion or House of the Arrephoroi is a building conjectured to have been on the Acropolis of Athens based on a passage in Pausanias. The discovery of the foundations of a substantial building on the north-west edge of the Acropolis has led to the identification of this structure with the Arrephorion.
Pausanias reports that:
I was much amazed at something which is not generally known, and so I will describe the circumstances. Two maidens dwell not far from the temple of Athena Polias, called by the Athenians Bearers of the Sacred Offerings. For a time they live with the goddess, but when the festival comes round they perform at night the following rites. Having placed on their heads what the priestess of Athena gives them to carry—neither they who gives nor they who carry have any knowledge what it is—the maidens descend by the natural underground passage that goes across the adjacent precincts, within the city, of Aphrodite in the Gardens. They leave down below what they carry and receive something else which they bring back covered up. These maidens they henceforth let go free, and take up to the Acropolis others in their place.
Additionally, Plutarch remarks on the existence of a ballcourt adjacent to the house. The physical remains fit what we know of the House of the Arrephoroi but the evidence is still circumstantial that this was in fact the residence of the Arrephoroi.
The dimensions of the building are 12.2 m square, and it was erected on a foundation of limestone blocks. It was divided into a south-facing portico of 4.4 m deep and a single rectangular room of approximately 8m by 12m. The terrace immediately around the building is an artificial one created by infill, which along with the foundation is dated to the last half of the 5th century or contemporary with the Erechtheion.
The reconstruction of the architecture is controversial. While Dörpfeld assumed a south-facing front with two columns in antis - a conjecture that has recently been taken up again - four columns between the antae were later reconstructed. However, since no other four-column antae structures are known, a reconstruction with a six-column prostyle porch was recently proposed. Because of the wide foundations, it can be assumed that there was a step substructure, a crepidoma, on which the actual building stood. Only a gable with a corresponding roof can have risen above the six-columned, prostyle portico. Older reconstructions with a hipped, pyramidal roof would therefore have to be discarded. The order of the columns in the building is unclear. An Ionic order is to be considered, although most available reconstructions assume a Doric order.
Notes
Bibliography
Acropolis of Athens
Ancient Greek buildings and structures in Athens
Sir John Lisle (1366–1408), of Wootton, Isle of Wight and Thruxton, Hampshire was a Member of Parliament for Hampshire in 1401 and January 1404. They were the father of the MP John Lisle.
References
1366 births
1408 deaths
Politicians from the Isle of Wight
15th-century English people
English MPs 1401
English MPs January 1404
Emtel Ltd. is a telecommunications company based in Ebene City, Mauritius. Launched on 29 May 1989 – Emtel Ltd became the first mobile telephony operator in the Southern Hemisphere. This took place under the aegis of The Currimjee Jeewanjee Group. Since 27 April 2015, Emtel holds a partnership with Airtel, Indian provider of prepaid & postpaid, wireless internet, broadband, fixed line, digital TV and mobile services.
In 1999, Emtel launched its GSM service offerings, three years after its competitor mainly because of exclusive rights allocated to Cellplus Ltd to operate GSM technology in Mauritius. As such, Emtel experienced a significant decline in market share at the end of the 1990s. In August 2017, Emtel won its long going legal case against the ICTA/MT/Cellplus. The Supreme Court of Mauritius ruled exclusive rights to Cellplus as unfair competition and defendants should compensate Emtel Ltd Rs 554,190,000.
The company now supplies a range of telecommunication services. In November 2004, Emtel became the first company in Africa to launch 3G/UMTS services. In May 2012, following its 23rd anniversary, Emtel launched 4G[LTE] and became the first fully operational LTE provider in Mauritius. The company now operates GSM, GPRS, 3G/UMTS as well as 3.5G/HSDPA, 4G/[LTE] and WIMAX networks.
Emtel also offers Internet and international connectivity via undersea Optical fibre and Data Centre Services. In June 2015, Emtel launched the first Fibre Through The Air (FTTA) of the region.
Timeline
1989 29 May, Emtel became the first mobile telephony operation in the Southern Hemisphere, as a result of collaboration between the Currimjee Jeewanjee Group and Millicom International Cellular (MIC) S.A..
1995 Emtel was one of the founders of Bharti Cellular Ltd with the first Indian GSM network in New Delhi
1996 Introduction of international roaming in Mauritius
1998 Emtel was the first company to introduce a prepaid system for its customers
1999 Emtel introduces new modes of communications with SMS, mobile email and 6-party conferencing.
2000 Emtel was the first to introduce the Short Message Service (SMS)
2002 introduction of SMS-based information provision and the launch of the first mobile internet portal in Mauritius bringing interaction between web and cellular phone.
2003 Emtel service, JukeBox 135 allows the Emtel subscriber to listen and dedicate songs to any other telephone number. The company also launched the roaming facility to its prepaid customers on that same year.
2004 Emtel brings MMS. During the following months, Emtel launched the first 3G network in Africa which enabled new services like videotelephony, and video surveillance where customers could remotely monitor their house through a webcam connected to the internet on their mobile phone.
2005 Emtel launches Caller Tunes, which allows customers to personalize their Caller Tone.
2006 Emtel Networks extends to Rodrigues outer-island. Emtel TV is launched comprising 10 television channels
2007 Emtel launches WIMAX technology aimed at providing wireless data communication over long distances. The company is the first to introduce HSDPA (High Speed Downlink Packet Access) on the local market. It offers 3.5G services, which allows networks to have higher data transfer speeds and capacity with mobile access via the Emtel USB Modem (Huawei E220) with 1.8 Mbit/s maximum downlink speed.
2008 Emtel launches Gift and Collect SMS, allowing the user to send SMS even when short of mobile credits
2009 Emtel receives ISO 9001:2008 certification by the British Standards Institution. 29 May – Emtel celebrates its 20th anniversary. On 2 June, Emtel launches its Underground Fibre Optical project at its Boundary Road office. This cable is the first in its kind in Mauritius, and will provide access to high speed Internet services. The first phase of the project is 137 km long. 11 November – Emtel wins the "Changing Lives" AfricaCom Award in Cape Town for having launched its mobile network in Agaléga, giving Agalaéans access to the same services and the same tariffs as in Mauritius and Rodrigues.
2010 Emtel launches a service, enabling subscribers to use both prepaid and postpaid while keeping their existing Emtel number as well as their SIM card. Emtel later launches m-payment to enable mobile payment of Emtel bills via SMS, other services such as utility bill payment or cinema ticket purchase to be launched. In August, Emtel launches SOS Refill which enables the user to obtain a Rs 5 emergency credit if they have less than Rs3 on their prepaid balance.
2011 Emtel becomes the first Mauritian operator to launch Facebook mobile, with the possibility to post status updates via SMS; receive updates, likes, etc.
2012 Emtel launches its data center at Arsenal (Mauritius) for contingency. Later on, it launches its fixed wireless telephony services to home and office users. In May, on its 23rd anniversary, Emtel soft-launches the 4G-LTE service. The service is commercially launched in July 2012 offering service speeds of up to 150Mbit/s. In September 2012, Emtel is rebranded with a new logo and new slogan: "Emtel – You. First"
2013 Emtel launched fixed voice and data/Internet services and invested in Data-related projects such as the international submarine fibre optic cable and network modernisation.
2014 Emtel launches its PRI fixed telephony service for businesses and is also the first mobile network operator in Mauritius to be IPv6 ready.
2015 Emtel becomes the official triple play partner of Manchester United in Mauritius on 5 February 2015. Later on, Emtel launches the www.1010.mu portal offering the best choice for digital lifestyles: website design in seconds, business class email and automated Cloud backup, enabling customers to access a whole new world of possibilities. On 16 June 2015, Emtel launched "Airbox by Emtel" offering unlimited high speed internet to residential users.
2016 Emtel launches unlimited Facebook and WhatsApp for prepaid and postpaid customers who have activated a mobile internet pack.
References
Telecommunication companies of Mauritius
Companies established in 1989
Privately held companies
Companies based in Ebene, Mauritius
The Grosvenor Picture Palace, now known as the Footage, is a former cinema and current pub at the corner of Grosvenor Street and Oxford Road in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, United Kingdom. Built in 1913–15, it was the largest cinema outside London in its day. It is now a Stonegate pub.
History
The Grosvenor Picture Palace was designed in 1913 by Percy Hothersall (who later designed Manchester's first supercinema, The Piccadilly, off Piccadilly Gardens in 1922). It is located at the corner of Grosvenor Street and Oxford Road in Chorlton-on-Medlock.
The cinema opened on 19 May 1915, featuring Blanche Forsythe in Jane Shore; it was described at the time as "Roman-Corinthian of the later Renaissance influence". It dates from the period when the first permanent cinemas were being built, with the distinctive design acting as "ostentatious advertising". The cinema had a capacity of just under 1000 people, making it the largest cinema outside London in its day. A billiard hall was installed in the basement in the 1930s.
It was operated by the H.D. Moorehouse chain, before being acquired by Star Cinema Group in the early 1960s, who used the building both for cinema and bingo. It showed features such as Steve Reeves in Hercules Unchained. It was never a commercial success due to its distance from Manchester's city centre. The last films shown were The Passionate Demons and Attack of the Crab Monsters on 18 May 1968, after which the building was used exclusively for bingo. It was later used as a Riley's Snooker Club for several years; it was then boarded up for several years.
In 1990, the building became a Firkin Brewery pub called the Flea and Firkin, described in the Rough Guide as a "predominantly student-filled beer-hall-style pub with brewery on site." The public house was renamed to the Footage and Firkin before the site was sold and became a Scream pub called the Footage. It was refurbished by owners Stonegate Pub Company at a cost of £360,000, and was relaunched on 13 September 2014 with a capacity of 620 people.
Architecture
The two-storey building is rectangular, and is on a corner site with a 3-bay chamfered entrance corner with a pavilion on top. Its facade features green and cream faience and terracotta tiles, and it has 4 bays facing Gosvenor street and 6 bays facing Oxford road. The centre of the Oxford road facade is marked with a raised torch in white terracotta. It has a small attic and a slate roof. It originally had a canopy, which was later removed.
Much of the original interior, including plasterwork, the balcony and the vaulted ceiling, is still present in the building. The inside balcony originally had multi-coloured inlaid panels.
The building was listed by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building on 3 October 1974.
See also
Listed buildings in Manchester-M1
References
Theatres completed in 1913
Former cinemas in Manchester
History of Manchester
Grade II listed pubs in Greater Manchester
Pubs in Manchester
Grade II listed buildings in Manchester
1913 establishments in England
Sid Armour is a Canadian make-up artist.  They are known for their work on the television film The Road to Christmas in 2006 and the films Diary of the Dead (2007) and Room (2015).
They won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Makeup for Room in 2016. While some of the Canadian Screen Award-winners for the film were not Canadian, Armour was noted along with Jacob Tremblay, Ethan Tobman and Mary Kirkland as among the film's Canadian award recipients. Afterwards, they joined the make-up crew for the 2016 Canadian film The Other Half.
References
External links
Artists from Toronto
Canadian make-up artists
Best Makeup Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Viminaria juncea is the single species in the genus Viminaria endemic to Australia. The genus is in the pea family Fabaceae. It is colloquially known as native broom after its resemblance to the related European broom plants. The Noongar peoples know the plant as koweda.
Taxonomy
Originally described in 1795 by Schrader as Sophora juncea, it was given its current binomial name by Hoffmannsegg in 1824. The genus name is derived from the Latin vimineus "switch", and the species name from Latin juncus "rush", hence "rush-like". Alternate names include golden spray, native broom and swishbush.
Description
Native broom grows as an erect or weeping shrub high and wide. It has a smooth trunk and ascending branches while the minor branchlets often droop. The long and thin leaves are essentially petioles and measure in length.
Flowering occurs from September to January, the flowers growing on racemes to about in length. Measuring in diameter, they are yellow with an orange corolla and are typically pea-shaped. They are followed by small pods containing single seeds.
Distribution
The preferred habitat is swampy areas near the coast across southern Australia, from the vicinity of Geraldton in Western Australia southwards to Esperance, and in the east in coastal Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia.
Cultivation
Native broom is a fast-growing plant in the garden, but can lose vigor once about 5 or 10 years old. It prefers an acidic to neutral soil with ample moisture and is hardy to temperatures of −4 °C. Plants grown from seed are sturdier than cutting-grown specimens.
Notes
References
External links
Mirbelioids
Monotypic Fabaceae genera
Fabales of Australia
Rosids of Western Australia
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
TV Puls is a Polish commercial television channel, which was based on Telewizja Niepokalanów with the support of companies such as PKN Orlen, KGHM Polska Miedź, PZU Życie, Prokom and which started broadcasting in March 2001. Due to financial problems, it ended broadcasting on 1 April 2003. With the help of the private company Antena 1 and of the owner of Polsat, Zygmunt Solorz-Żak, TV Puls resumed broadcasting in June 2003. Until recently, the station's programming was largely devoted to Catholic issues, as the majority of the company's stock was owned by the Franciscan Order.
In 2006 News Corporation acquired 35% of the stock and began a major overhaul of the programming. On 28 October 2007, the channel were revised with a new logo and a more mainstream target group, as well as it starts to broadcast a new information program: Puls Raport. However, on 16 July 2008, it was decided to remove the program from the schedule, and the reason for this decision was the poor audience share results and the excessively high costs of production. Later on 3 November 2008, it was announced that News Corporation has sold its 35% stake to the remaining shareholders.
The channel develops. It gives many entertainment programs, series and documentaries. TV Puls in June 2010 received a license to broadcast channel for children and young people Puls 2 (launched on 19 July 2012).
Programming
Information
Taki jest świat (the weekly magazine with information from the world, own production)
Series
Code Black (Stan alarmu)
Scorpion (Skorpion)
The Librarians (Bibliotekarze)
Vikings (Wikingowie)
Relic Hunter (Łowcy skarbów)
Jake and the Fatman (Gliniarz i prokurator)
Murder, They Wrote (Napisała: morderstwo)
Nash Bridges
Keeping Up Appearances (Co ludzie powiedzą?)
'Allo 'Allo!
Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei (Kobra - oddział specjalny)
Os Dez Mandamentos (Dziesięć przykazań)
La esclava blanca (Niewolnica Victoria)
Mi corazón insiste en Lola Volcán (Moje serce bije dla Loli)
Sıla (TV series) (Sila: odnaleźć przeznaczenie)
O Hayat Benim (To moje życie!)
Polish series
Production of TVN:
Niania
13 posterunek
Documentary series
Podniebny horror (Mayday)
Szpital - nagłe przypadki (Untold Stories of the E.R.)
Szok Video (World's Most Amazing Videos)
Shockwave
Austin Stevens: Na szlaku drapieżników (Austin Stevens Adventures)
Niebezpieczne spotkania (Dangerous Encounters)
Przedziwny świat owadów (Buggin' with Ruud)
Dzika natura (Corwin's Quest)
Pracujące zwierzaki (Animals at Work)
Own production
Wojciech Cejrowski. Boso (Wojciech Cejrowski. Barefoot)
Dyżur JRG w akcji Z archiwum policji Zbrodnie niedoskonałeAnimated series
Pingwiny z Madagaskaru (The Penguins of Madagascar)
Alvin i wiewiórki (Alvin and the Chipmunks)
Niech żyje król Julian (All Hail King Julien)
Game show
Następny proszę! (Avanti un altro!)
Previous programs
Information
Wydarzenia TV Puls (2001–2002)
Serwis Pulsu (2002–2003)
Puls Raport (2007–2008)
Wydarzenia dnia (2008–2009)
Game shows
Czy jesteś mądrzejszy od 5-klasisty? (the Polish version of Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?)
Singa Dinga (the Polish version of Sing-A-Song)
Reality shows
Najgorszy Polski Kierowca (the Polish version of Britain's Worst Driver)
Co masz do stracenia? (the Polish version of The Biggest Loser)
Sędzia Judy (Judge Judy)
Strach się bać (Scare Tactics)
Egzekutorzy (Operation Repo)
SWATForeign series
Przygody Sindbada Żeglarza (The Adventures of Sinbad)
Brygada ratunkowa (Third Watch)
Nowe przygody Robin Hooda (The New Adventures of Robin Hood)
Strażnik pierścienia (Lasko – Die Faust Gottes)
Gra o życie (Casualty)
Jednostka specjalna (GSG 9 – Ihr Einsatz ist ihr Leben)
Gliniarz z Memphis (Memphis Beat)
Wydział śledczy RIS (RIS Delitti Imperfetti)
Miami Medical Wyścig z czasem (Countdown – Die Jagd beginnt)
Medicopter 117 McGregorowie (Snowy River: The McGregor Saga)
Medium Pokojówka na Mannhattanie (Una Maid en Manhattan)
Ja, ona i Eva (Por Ella Soy Eva)
Miłość i przeznaczenie (La Fuerza del Destino)
Burza uczuć (Sturm der Liebe)
To, co najważniejsze (Alles was zählt)
Koń, który mówi (Mister Ed)
Pełna chata (Full House)
Jim wie lepiej (According to Jim)
Pomoc domowa (The Nanny)
Pustynna miłość (El Clon)
Duch Eleny (El Fantasma de Elena)
Gdzie jest Elisa? (¿Dónde Está Elisa?)
American Dreams Robin Hood (Robin of Sherwood)
Star Trek MacGyver Nieśmiertelny (Highlander: The Series)
Wszyscy kochają Raymonda (Everybody Loves Raymond)
Will & Grace Dzieciaki z Einstein High (Schloss Einstein)
B.A.R.Z (Ein Fall für B.A.R.Z.)
Simpsonowie (The Simpsons)
Documentary series
Wojownicy wszech czasów (The Deadliest Warrior)
Alarm na plaży (Beach Patrol)
Ludzie, zwierzeta i doktorzy (Menschen, Tiere & Doktoren)
Obieżyświat (Globe Trekker)
Zwykłe rzeczy - niezwykłe wynalazki (How Do They Do It?)
Najniebezpieczniejszy zawód świata (The Deadliest Catch)
Wielkie przeprowadzki (Mega Movers)
Lifestyle programs
Martha Stewart: Inspiracje (Martha Stewart: Crafts')
Gotuj jak Mistrz (Cook Like a Chef)
Słodki świat Rachel (Rachel Allen: Bake!)
Uwaga! Nadchodzi Kim! (Kim's Rude Awakenings)
Perfekcyjne panny młode (Bulging Brides)
Moda na cenzurowanym (Naked Fashion)
Zostań gwiazdą! (Rags to Red Carpet)
Domy nie do sprzedania (The Unsellables)
Debbie zmienia wnętrza (Debbie Travis' Facelift)
Test na Super Mamę (Crash Test Mommy)
10 lat mniej (10 Years Younger)
Own production
Menu na miarę - culinary program, led by Olga Głębicka
No problem! - magazine with tips for women, led by Erin Murphy
Talk shows
Dr. Phil Jerry Springer ShowEntertainment
Króliczki Playboya (The Girls Next Door)
Goło i wesoło (Naked & Funny)
Ale numer (Just For Laughs Gags)
Uwaga, żarty! (Just kidding!)
Niezły numer (Distraction Gags)
Od zera do bohatera (Zero to Hero)
UFC Unleashed WWE Superstars W kręgu MMA Spotkanie z balladą (production of Telewizja Polska)
Own production
Stare dranie - a hidden camera with older people, hosted by Andrzej Grabowski
Kręcimy z gwiazdami - hosted by Ewelina Kopic
Hi Hi TV Dziewczyny na ekran''
References
External links
Official website (Polish)
Television channels in Poland
Television channels and stations established in 2001
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2003
Television channels and stations established in 2003
USS Eastwind (IX-234), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be given that name. The former German ocean racing yacht was taken over by the Navy in April 1946 arriving in the United States for assignment to the United States Naval Academy. Surveyed in 1949 and determined to be in excess of Navy needs, they were stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 27 October 1949 and sold.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1946 ships
Glenbard South High School (GSHS) is a public four-year high school located in Glen Ellyn, Illinois, United States. It is part of Glenbard Township High School District 87, and is the smallest of the four Glenbard Township High Schools. It contains students within the boundary of Community Consolidated School District 89.
History
Glenbard South was the fourth of the Glenbard high schools built. It opened in 1972. The capacity of the building is 1500, but with additions, could actually house 2500 students.
Academics
In 2021, Glenbard South had an average composite SAT score of 1054.5, and graduated 95.1% of its senior class.
Glenbard South has made Adequate Yearly Progress on the Prairie State Achievements Examination, a state test part of the No Child Left Behind Act.
The staff includes approximately 112 teachers, of whom 91.5% hold an advanced degree.
Athletics
Glenbard South was a charter member of the Western Sun Conference, but when that conference dissolved in 2010, GSHS became an independent school. Glenbard South joined the Metro Suburban Conference for the 2011–12 school year, but left the conference to join the Upstate Eight Conference in 2018.
The boys' cross-country team won the Class AA Illinois state championship in 2001–02.
In 2012 and 2013, the girls' softball team won state.
In 2007, the boys' track and field 4X800m relay team won the Nike Outdoor Nationals competition with a time of 7:40.57.
Activities
The Math Team took first place in the state of Illinois among schools with 1,000 to 1,999 students in 2006.
The Mock Trial team won state at the ISBA High School Mock Trial Invitational in 1985, 1986, 1992, 1993, and 1997.
The Glenbard South Symphonic Band won the 2007 Illinois Superstate Concert Band Festival in the Class AA Division. The previous time the band won was in 1992.
In 2010, the Glenbard South Chess Team finished high enough at the IHSA State Chess Tournament to win the Illinois Chess Coaches Association's State Championship in the 3A division.
Notable alumni
Greg Bloedorn (1991), former NFL long snapper for the Seattle Seahawks
Tim Costo (1987), former Major League Baseball player (1992–93), playing their entire career for the Cincinnati Reds
Jason Karnuth (1994), former Major League Baseball relief pitcher
Ryan McPartlin (1993), actor primarily known for their work on television (Captain Awesome on Chuck)
Lamorne Morris (2001), actor, New Girl
Eboo Patel, former member of the Obama Administration's Faith Advisory Council and founder; current executive director of the Interfaith Youth Core
Qasim Rashid, author of The Wrong Kind of Muslim
Carter Reum, author, entrepreneur, and venture capitalist; married to socialite Paris Hilton
Courtney Reum, author, entrepreneur, and venture capitalist; co-founder of the investment firm M13 with their brother Carter Reum
Nikos Tselios (1997), former NHL defenseman for the Carolina Hurricanes (2001–02)
References
External links
Glenbard South High School website
Public high schools in Illinois
Glen Ellyn, Illinois
Educational institutions established in 1972
Schools in DuPage County, Illinois
"Focus" and "No Angel" are songs recorded by English singer and songwriter Charli XCX. They were released as a double single on 28 June 2018 by Asylum Records and Atlantic Records UK as the second installment from a series of monthly single releases. Both of the songs were performed live prior to their release.
Composition
"Focus" is a "synth-driven, half-rapped" "hip hop" track which features the singer giving a demand for attention. Lake Schatz of Consequence of Sound compared the song to XCX's 2016 extended play Vroom Vroom. "No Angel" is a bouncy synth-pop anthem. It sees the singer admitting to having a wild side and wanting to prove themselves worthy of love.
Critical reception
Julia Gray of Stereogum named "Focus" a "synth-driven, half-rapped track" and named "No Angel" a "bouncy, shimmering anthem". "No Angel" was named "Best New Track" by Pitchfork, describing the song as "effervescent 80s synth pop". Brittany Spanos of Rolling Stone called "Focus" an "unrepentant earworm, with that trademark XCX style of delivering an almost cruelly addictive, simple chorus." They wrote that "No Angel" "has the effortless cool that makes so many of their songs sound fresh and unmistakably their own." Mike Nied of Idolator wrote that "it is easy to imagine 'Focus' filling dance floors across the globe with its irresistible production." Nied praised "No Angel" for moving "her pop aesthetic into a more experimental realm and features some of their most earnest lyrics to date."
Track listing
Credits adapted from Qobuz.
Notes
signifies an additional producer
Charts
"Focus"
References
2018 singles
Asylum Records singles
Atlantic Records singles
Warner Music Group singles
Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy stated "there is a remarkable telepathy between the players, which translates to some delightful interaction between these two masters".
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron and George Haslam except as indicated
"I've Got the World on a String" (Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler) – 6:25
"One for Steve" – 6:03
"Tangled Lawful Bells" – 5:14
"Let's Do It Over" (George Haslam) – 6:08
"Sakura Sakura (Cherry Blossom)" (Traditional) – 4:12
"Steps in Rhythm" (Haslam) – 5:09
"Datura" (Richard Leigh Harris) – 4:45
"From Charleston Till Now" – 9:39
"Come Sunday" (Duke Ellington) – 6:28
"I'm Old Fashioned" (Jerome Kern, Johnny Mercer) – 5:27
"After the Carnage" (Mal Waldron) – 4:42
"Thailand Dance" – 9:10
Recorded in Oxfordshire, England on April 20, 1995
Personnel
Mal Waldron – piano
George Haslam – baritone saxophone, tarogato
References
1995 albums
Mal Waldron albums
George Haslam albums
The Department of Music is the music school of the University of Durham.
It is one of the leading university music departments in the UK. The Department of Music offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses, but also carries out research in musicology, analysis, music technology, music psychology, ethnomusicology, composition and performance.
History
Until 1889 all music degrees were honorary. Recipients of the honorary doctorates were John Bacchus Dykes in 1862 and John Stainer in 1885. There were four musicians who received a DCL prior to 1889; these were George Grove in 1875; Hubert Parry and Charles Villiers Stanford in 1894; and John Stainer in 1895. During Edward Bairstow's tenure of the Professorship, four composers were made honorary Doctors of Music; these were John Ireland in 1932; Arnold Bax in 1935; William Walton in 1937 Thomas F. Dunhill in 1940.
From 1891 until 1980 the University offered degrees by examination only to non-resident, "unattached", students, something which had been happening in the university since 1871. Under David Greer's tenure external degrees were phased out. In the 1970s Durham became one of the first British universities to offer doctorates in music. In 1991 the University celebrated 100 years of the awarding of the first music degrees.
The music degree by examination at Durham differed from those at the universities of Oxford, Cambridge and London because alongside high musical ability it only demanded general educational qualifications. At other universities such degrees required competence in classics and mathematics. Exercises in composition were required for both the BMus and DMus, and later the MMus. These degrees proved popular with professional musicians, and by the inter-war period Durham music graduates probably outnumbered those of the other English universities put together.
MUSICON
Since 1969, the department has run MUSICON, a professional concert series for the University and City. Founded by David Lumsdaine, it has featured over 500 events including music from the middle-ages to the present day.
Armstrong College
The Music Department of Newcastle University was established in the 1890s as part of Armstrong College, itself part of the University of Durham. Prominent members of the department included W. G. Whittaker, Jack Westrup and Denis Matthews. The musicologist Henry Hadow was Principal of the College between 1909 and 1919.
Programmes
The Department of Music offers a three-year BA undergraduate degree, and both taught and research postgraduate degrees, MA, MMus, and PhD. The curriculum covers all key areas of music with particular strengths in music analysis, music history, ethnomusicology, music and science and performance and composition.
Research
Major areas of research include:
Music history
Music analysis
Composition
Performance
Ethnomusicology
Music technology
Music cognition
Reputation
Durham University Department of Music has been ranked as the best music department in the UK by the Complete University Guide for 2018, and has appeared number one position for two years running in the Sunday Times. The department has also been ranked 3rd in the UK for the quality and impact of its research, according to the Research Excellence Framework (REF) in 2014.
Academic Dress
The MMus and undress DMus gowns use the Oxford lay gown, which is similar in shape to the Durham masters' gown but with a flap collar covering the yoke and with inverted T-shaped armholes rather than straight horizontal cuts. Additionally there are panels of gimp near the foot of the gown and, on the DMus undress gown, on the sleeves. Instead of this panel, the MMus gown has a row of lace running from the armholes to the base of the sleeves.
Whereas the BA music degree has the same hood as any other BA at the university (black with white fur), the former BMus hood was "palatinate purple silk" (mauve) bound with brocaded white satin one inch wide. The MMus hood is brocaded white satin bound with palatinate, and the DMus hood is palatinate.
Music Durham
Student music ensembles at Durham are run through Music Durham, until 2015 known as Durham University Music Society (DUMS). Music Durham is not part of the Durham Students' Union, but instead part of Experience Durham, which also manages Team Durham, formerly Durham University Athletic Union (DUAU). Most colleges have their own music societies which put on concerts in chapels and halls in college. Chapel choirs are not part of Music Durham.
Staff
The first professor of music was Philip Armes, who held office from 1897 to 1907. They had previously been resident examiner since 1890, alongside John Stainer, who was an external examiner. They had been appointed organist of Durham Cathedral in 1862 and was granted a Mus. Bac. ad eundem from the University in 1863 and Mus. Doc. similarly in 1874 having received them in 1858 and 1864 respectively from the University of Oxford. In 1891 they were granted an honorary MA.
The second holder of the office was Joseph Cox Bridge, whose tenure ran from 1908 to 1929. They had been organ scholar of Exeter College, Oxford and then organist of Chester Cathedral.
Edward Bairstow was professor there from 1929 to 1946, a position they held alongside their tenure of the organist post at York Minster. They were not required to be resident in Durham. Both Bridge and Bairstow died in office. During their time at Durham, Bairstow produced their Counterpoint and Harmony in 1937.
From 1947 to 1968, Arthur Hutchings was professor of music. Hutchings was the first resident professor of music at Durham. They were succeeded in 1969 by Eric Taylor, noted for their books on music theory. After Taylor's early retirement in 1985, the post was held for nine years by David Greer.
Other notable staff have included Brian Primmer, Jerome Roche (1967–1994), and Alan Thurlow (1973–1980).
Today there are around nineteen teaching staff who are supported by technical and administrative staff, and research students, including ethnomusicologist Martin Clayton.
Professors of Music
In common with other departements, until the 1990s the department had only one professor who acted as head of the department. Today the department has many professors and associate professors. The position of head of department is changed every few years.
1970–1981 David Lumsdaine
?–2016 Max Paddison
1993–present Jeremy Dibble
?–present Bennett Zon
?–present Martin Clayton
2013–present Julian Horton
2013–present Tuomas Eerola
2015?–present Richard Rijnvos
2017–present Nick Collins
2020–present Patrick Zuk
Heads of Department
1897–1907 Philip Armes
1908–1929 Joseph Cox Bridge
1929–1946 Edward Bairstow
1947–1968 Arthur Hutchings
1969–1985 Eric Robert Taylor
1986–1995 David Greer
1995–2013 Jeremy Dibble
2013–2016 Julian Horton
2016–2017 Jeremy Dibble
2017–2020 Tuomas Eerola
2021–present Laura Leante
Buildings
The department occupies three listed buildings in the city of Durham, two on the west side of Palace Green and one on North Bailey.
The main building, Divinity House, was rebuilt in 1661 and until 1844 was home to Durham School, and is a scheduled ancient monument. The building, which comprises the schoolroom and schoolmaster's house, has a sandstone elevation to Palace Green with parts of the schoolmaster's house having ashlar and red sandstone. The seventeenth century core was renovated in 1844 by George Pickering, cathedral clerk of works. Pickering's renovation included the renewal of the large transomed and mullioned windows on the north side of the main one-storey schoolroom, now the main lecture room. The dado of the schoolroom is panelled, and though overpainted with black paint, generations of boys' graffiti can be seen. The schoolmaster's house was altered in the eighteenth century and incorporates good interior woodwork, such as Corinthian columns surrounding the fireplace in the main room, and many surviving architraves. An extension to the west was added in 1899. The building was converted for use as the University department of music in 1966 by Bernard Taylor & Partners.
Until recently the adjacent former Diocesan Registry housed the department library; it is now the computer room. Built in 1820 the building is constructed in an earlier style with Tudor arches and drip-mould hooded windows.
The building on North Bailey, numbers 48 and 49, comprises two inter-connected brick-built Georgian townhouses.
The department formerly had offices in Queen's Court, at 2 North Bailey (until 2013) and 6 Owengate.
Alumni
Some well-known alumni of the Music Department include:
Frederick G. Shinn, Mus. Bac., 1892; Mus. Doc., 1897; later Honorary Secretary of the Royal College of Organists
Edward C. Bairstow, Mus. Bac., 1894; Mus. Doc., 1900; later Professor of Music
Ernest Farrar, matriculated 1904; did not graduate
W. G. Alcock, Mus. Doc., 1905
E. Percy Hallam, Mus. Bac., 1906
Ernest Bullock, Mus. Bac., 1908; Mus. Doc., 1914
Malcolm Sargent, Mus. Bac., 1914; Mus. Doc., 1919
W. G. Whittaker, Mus. Doc., 1921 (Armstrong College)
Herbert Sumsion, Mus. Bac., 1921
Gordon Slater, Mus. Doc., 1923
C. S. Lang, Mus. Doc., 1924
Desmond McMahon, Mus. Bac., 1927
Alwyn Surplice, Mus. Bac., 1937
Sidney Campbell, Mus. Doc., 1946
Clifford Harker, Mus. Bac., 1947
C. H. Jaeger, Mus. Bac., 1949
John Joubert, Mus. Bac., 1950
Lionel Dakers, Mus. Bac., 1951
Arthur Wills, Mus. Bac., 1952; D. Mus., 1958
Francis Jackson, D. Mus., 1957
Michael Fleming, Mus. Bac.,1958
Ralph Allwood, BA, 1972
Robin Walker, BA, 1974
James MacMillan, BA, 1984, PhD, 1987
J. P. E. Harper-Scott, BA, 1998
The earliest of these alumni were "unattached" students and completed their papers away from Durham.
References
External links
Department of Music
Music Durham
Durham University
Music education in the United Kingdom
Erythrina crista-galli, often known as the cockspur coral tree, is a flowering tree in the family Fabaceae, native to Argentina, Uruguay, southern Brazil and Paraguay. It is widely planted as a street or garden tree in other countries, notably in California.
It is known by several common names within South America: , (Spanish), (Portuguese) and the more ambiguous bucaré, to name a few. Its specific epithet crista-galli means "cock's comb" in Latin.
The ceibo is the national tree of Argentina, and its flower the national flower of Argentina and Uruguay.
This species characteristically grows wild in gallery forest ecosystems along watercourses, as well as in swamps and wetlands. In urban settings, it is often planted in parks for its bright red flowers.
Description
Erythrina crista-galli is a small tree, the girth of its trunk measuring . Normally it grows tall, although some individuals, such as in the Argentine provinces of Salta, Jujuy and Tucumán, can grow up to .
The root is a taproot with nodules produced by nitrogen-fixing bacteria. The bacteria live in symbiosis with the tree, facilitating the tree's absorption of nitrogen in return for organic substances which the bacteria need. The tree's trunk is woody with irregular, spiny branches. These branches form a layer without definite form and die after flowering.
Flowers and fruit
The tree flowers in the summer, from October to April in their native South America and from April to October in the northern hemisphere. It usually blooms from November to February. The red flower, arranged in inflorescences of the raceme type, is pentameric, complete, and of bilateral symmetry. Its calyx is gamosepalous, like a little red thimble. The corolla, like that of other legumes like common beans, is butterfly-shaped; however, the largest petal, called the "standard", is arranged in the lower part. The two of the petals called "wings" are so small that they are practically hidden within the calyx. The remaining two petals partially fuse together on occasion and form the flower's keel or "carina"; this protects its reproductive organs. The androecium consists of ten stamens, one free and nine united by their filaments (gynostemial androecium). The unicarpel gynoecium is welded between the stamens like a knife in its sheath.
The flowers are rich in nectar and are visited by insects, which usually have to crawl underneath the carina and thus pollinate the flowers.
The tree's fruit is a legume, a dry pod a few centimeters in length derived from a single carpel and contains about 8-10 chestnut-brown bean-shaped seeds. The cotyledons are hypogeal, staying underground upon germination.
Cultivation
In cultivation in the United Kingdom this plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Synonyms
Synonyms are as follows:
Corallodendron crista-galli (L.) Kuntze
Erythrina crista-galli L. var. hasskarlii Backer
Erythrina crista-galli L. var. leucochlora Lombardo
Erythrina fasciculata Benth.
Erythrina laurifolia Jacq.
Erythrina pulcherrima Tod.
Erythrina speciosa Tod. (However, E. speciosa Andrews is a distinct species.)
Micropteryx crista-galli Walp.
Micropteryx fasciculata Walp.
Micropteryx laurifolia Walp.
References
This article draws heavily on the corresponding article in the Spanish-language Wikipedia.
(1904): Gardening for the Million. Fisher Unwin, London. TXT and HTML fulltexts at Project Gutenberg.
External links
Día de la Flor Nacional (National Flower Day) - from Argentina's Ministry of Health and Environment website (scientific description, pictures).
crista-galli
Trees of Argentina
Trees of Brazil
Trees of Paraguay
Trees of Uruguay
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
National symbols of Argentina
National symbols of Uruguay
Garden plants of South America
Ornamental trees
The 21st Awit Awards were held on November 26, 2008, at the Eastwood Central Plaza located in Eastwood City, Quezon City. They gave excellences to the best of Filipino music for the year 2007.
Bamboo received the most nominations with thirteen. Julianne followed with twelve while Jonathan Manalo received ten nods.
The awards ceremony was broadcast live through myx website. The pre-show was hosted by Richard Poon and Sitti while the main show was hosted by Christian Bautista and Nikki Gil. Yeng Constantino and Civ Fontanilla won most of the awards with five.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold. Nominated producers, composers and lyricists are not included in this list, unless noted. For the full list, please go to their official website.
Performance Awards
Creativity Awards
Technical Achievement Awards
People's Choice Awards
Special Awards
Performers
This is in order of appearance.
References
External links
Official Website of the Awit Awards
Awit Awards
2008 music awards
2008 in Philippine music
Tall in the Trap is a 1962 Tom and Jerry animated short Western film, produced and released on September 14, 1962. It was the tenth of the thirteen cartoons in the series to be directed by Gene Deitch and produced by William L. Snyder in Czechoslovakia. The short's plot parodies the popular CBS-TV western series that was airing at the time - Have Gun – Will Travel.
While the Deitch shorts were generally negatively-received by the Tom and Jerry fans, this particular short is often considered one of the most watchable ones.
Plot
In the Stereotypical Wild Western town of Dry Gulp, Jerry - wanted for "cheese rustlin'" - steals a wedge of cheese from the general store. When the furious shopkeeper demands action, the sheriff hires the "Fastest Trap in the West". This turns out to be Tom, who arrives in town riding their spurs as if they were roller skates. they trip on rock them up and They crash into the sheriff's office, they then demonstrates themselves they get their finger caught in their own mousetrap while displaying their quick-draw skills, but gets the job anyway.
Tom and Jerry meet for a showdown, but when Tom draws their traps, their belt and pants fall down making them humilated, giving Jerry time to escape to a mouse-sized saloon. Tom reaches in to grab him, but Jerry puts a bag of flour - too big to fit through the hole - into their hand. As Tom tries to yank it out, Jerry opens up a trick entrance behind the saloon's sign and hits Tom over the head with a mallet. They then runs to a full-sized saloon, with Tom getting their head caught in its batwing doors before chasing them into the basement. Tom tries to shoot Jerry with a rifle, but Jerry tricks them into turning off the light switch at the top of the stairs so that they tumble to the bottom. Jerry hits the lights and shoots Tom instead.
Another chase ensues, and after Jerry dives into a hole, Tom baits a trap and slides it in after him. Jerry catches Tom's tail in the trap, sending them screaming back to town. Finally, Tom brings out a barrel of gunpowder, intending to blow up Jerry's hole. As they light the fuse with a cigar and rolls the barrel away, Jerry bores a hole in the bottom and lights the powder trail that trickles out. In a panic, Tom dumps the barrel into a watering hole near the sheriff's office, dousing the powder trail - but the still-lit fuse sets off the powder and destroys the office. The signed sheriff starts shooting at Tom and runs them out of town, while Jerry steals the last wedge of cheese from the general store.
References
External links
1962 films
1962 animated films
1962 comedy films
1962 short films
1960s American animated films
1960s Western (genre) comedy films
1960s animated short films
American Western (genre) comedy films
Films directed by Gene Deitch
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer animated short films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
Rembrandt Films short films
Tom and Jerry short films
Western (genre) animated films
1960s English-language films
"Jour 1" is the debut single by French singer and actor Louane, and the lead single from their debut studio album Chambre 12.
Jour 1 is about two young lovers that just keep coming back to each other.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2014 debut singles
2014 songs
French-language songs
French pop songs
Mercury Records singles
Louane (singer) songs
Washago Aerodrome is located west southwest of Washago, Ontario, Canada. It appears on Nav Canada navigation charts as an abandoned aerodrome, and is no longer listed in the Canada Flight Supplement. The former runway is still visible from the air.
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Lukulu District is a district of Zambia, located in Western Province. The capital lies at Lukulu. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 68,375 people.
References
Districts of Western Province, Zambia
The Ginger Rogers filmography lists the film appearances of American actor Ginger Rogers, as well as their television, stage, and radio credits. Rogers's career spanned fifty-seven years, from 1930 to 1987.
Initially signing with Paramount Pictures in 1930, they quickly opted out of their contract and worked for several studios, most notably for Warner Brothers in musicals 42nd Street (1933) and Gold Diggers of 1933 (1933), during this time they were named one of WAMPAS Baby Stars. In 1932 Ginger co-starred with comedian Joe E. Brown in the movie, "You Said A Mouthful". In 1933, Rogers signed with RKO Radio Pictures, where they were paired with dancer Fred Astaire in commercially successful Flying Down to Rio (1933). The pair achieved greater success in subsequent musicals The Gay Divorcee (1934), Top Hat (1935), Swing Time (1936), and Shall We Dance (1937), totaling 8 films made between 1933 and 1939.
Without Astaire, Rogers starred in critically and commercially successful non-musicals throughout the remainder of the 1930s such as Stage Door (1937) with Katharine Hepburn, Vivacious Lady (1938) with James Stewart, and Bachelor Mother (1939) with David Niven, culminating with an Academy Award for Best Actress for their performance in Kitty Foyle (1940).
Rogers flourished throughout the 1940s, becoming one of the most popular and highest paid actores of the decade. They starred in comedies Tom, Dick and Harry (1941) and Roxie Hart (1942; this was an adaptation of the 1926 non-musical play Chicago, and later the inspiration for the hit 1975 musical and 2002 film adaptation), dramas Tender Comrade (1943) and I'll Be Seeing You (1944) and in director Billy Wilder's American film debut The Major and the Minor (1942).
They were reunited with Fred Astaire for MGM's The Barkleys of Broadway (1949).
In the 1950s, Rogers' film career had faltered, due to lesser demand for older actores. They co-starred with popular Cary Grant in Monkey Business (1952) but their career continued to wane throughout the decade. They ended their film career with one of two fictionalized biographies on actor Jean Harlow in 1965's Harlow. Beginning the following year, they found success by returning to musical theatre, including a stint as one of several replacements for Carol Channing in the long-running Hello, Dolly! on Broadway.
Films
Box office ranking
1935 - 14th
1936 - 19th
1938 - 18th
1939 - 21st
1940 - 23rd
1941 - 18th
1944 - 16th
1945 - 23rd
Short subjects
File:Perry Como Ginger Rogers 1957.JPG| An appearance with Perry Como on TV's Kraft Music Hall (1957)
A Day of a Man of Affairs (1929)
A Night in a Dormitory (1930)
Campus Sweethearts (1930)
Office Blues (1930)
Hollywood on Parade (1932)
Screen Snapshots (1932)
Hollywood on Parade No. A-9 (1933)
Hollywood Newsreel (1934)
Screen Snapshots Series 16, No. 3 (1936)
Show Business at War (1943)
Battle Stations (Narrator, 1944)
Screen Snapshots: The Great Showman (1950)
Screen Snapshots: Hollywood's Great Entertainers (1954)
Television
Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall, at least 10 appearances between 1956 and 1965
The DuPont Show with June Allyson, as Kay Neilson in "The Tender Shoot" (October 18, 1959)
What's My Line? (at least six appearances between 1954 and 1966)
The Hollywood Palace (two appearances, 1964)
The Red Skelton Show (at least 3 episodes, 1963–64)
The Jack Benny Program (1957)
The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom (1959)
The Ed Sullivan Show (1963), singing "Something's Gotta Give"
Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella (1965 remake starring Lesley Ann Warren)
Here's Lucy, episode "Ginger Rogers Comes to Tea" (1971)
The Love Boat (1979) (episodes 3.10 and 3.11) as Stella (costar in episode: Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.)
Glitter (1984) (episode 1.3)
Hotel (1987) (episode 5.1) (final screen role)
Stage work
Top Speed (1929)
Girl Crazy (1930)
Love and Let Love (1951)
The Pink Jungle (1959)
Annie Get Your Gun (1960)
Bell, Book and Candle (1960)
Calamity Jane (1961)
Husband and Wife (1962)
The Unsinkable Molly Brown (1963)
A More Perfect Union (1963)
Tovarich (1964)
Hello, Dolly! (1965, Broadway,replacement for lead)
Mame (London, 1969)
Coco (1971)
No, No, Nanette (1974)
Forty Carats (1974)
Anything Goes (1980)
Miss Moffat (1983)
Charley's Aunt (1984)
Radio appearances
References
External links
Actress filmographies
American filmographies
"Papa Nero" ("Black Pope") is a song by the Venetian reggae band Pitura Freska, with lyrics in the Venetian language.
It was performed at the 1997 Sanremo Music Festival, and became very popular throughout Italy. It is notable for being one of the very few songs (if not the only song) in Venetian that got significant media exposure outside the Veneto region.
The lyrics are inspired on a prediction by Nostradamus that the next-to-last Pope will come from Africa. They can be read as a light-hearted anti-racist and anti-xenophobic message. Some famous verses were:
Notes
External links
1997 songs
Italian songs
Sanremo Music Festival songs
Dirk de Vries Lam (20 January 1869, Leeuwarden – 5 July 1937, Groningen) was a Dutch painter who specialized in cityscapes. The name De Vries, from their mother's side of the family, was added, by official permission, in 1897.
Life and work
They were the son of Herman Lam, a pharmacist, and their wife, Willempje née De Vries-Reilingh. They received their first drawing lessons at the Hogere Burgerschool in Leeuwarden. They then moved to Amsterdam, where they studied at the School of Applied Arts from 1888 to 1891. Their instructors there included Jan Derk Huibers and . This was followed by advanced studies at the Rijksakademie, with August Allebé and Pierre Cuypers. Upon graduating, they were awarded certificates in drawing and engineering.
Shortly after, they were appointed an instructor at the (Arts and Crafts School) in Amsterdam. In 1895, they took a position as an art teacher at the Burgerschool in Enkhuizen. They also worked in Monnickendam, Volendam and Hoorn. In 1900, they married Sara Jacoba Maria de Gavere (1872-1953).
They received a major promotion in 1903; becoming Director of the Academie Minerva in Groningen. In that position, they increased the number of classes devoted to the practical and applied arts; adding courses on lithography, batik, and upholstery. They also ensured that their students learned how to paint directly from nature, rather than by copying existing works. In 1905, they added architecture to the curriculum. The Academie was incorporated as a Secondary Technical School in 1913.
They stayed there until 1934. Their students included Jan Altink, , , Alida van Houten, , Jan Wiegers and . Many of them would later belong to the artists' collective known as "De Ploeg".
In addition to painting and teaching, they were active as an art critic; contributing articles to the , among several others. They were also a board member of the , an organization devoted to promoting the visual arts.
Sources
Francis van Dijk, Leraren van de Academie Minerva : een keuze uit twee eeuwen kunstonderwijs in Groningen, H.J.W. Drijvers (Ed.). B & P, Groningen, 1998. pg.128
G. Knuttel jr, "D. de Vries Lam", Elsevier's Geïllustreerd Maandschrift, #49 Vol.97, 1939/1
External links
"Gezinskaart van Dirk de Vries Lam (1869-1937)" @ Greets Genealogie
1869 births
1937 deaths
Dutch painters
Dutch landscape painters
Cityscape artists
People from Leeuwarden
John Thomas Haskell (April 30, 1919 – September 26, 1998) was an American singer and announcer in the era of old-time radio and later in television.
Early years
Haskell was born in Akron, Ohio and raised in Cleveland, Ohio. They majored in music at Northwestern University in Chicago, Illinois.
Radio
While they were in college, Haskell sang on two Chicago stations, WBBM and WGN. and did commercials on The Fitch Bandwagon. Over the years, they were a regular on Varieties, The Jim Backus Show The Peter Lind Hayes Show, Stop the Music, and Music from the Heart of America.
Later in their career, they were one of the hosts for Monitor.
Personal appearances
After finishing college, Haskell sang with Les Brown and their orchestra. Later in their career, they sang in supper clubs.
Military service
During World War II, Haskell was initially a flight instructor at NAS Corpus Christi, Texas and later a Naval Air Transport Service pilot flying R5D transport planes extensively throughout the Pacific Theater for the United States Navy.
Television
Haskell moved from Chicago to New York City to be with Dave Garroway on the first iteration of Today. They were also on The Ed Sullivan Show, The Mike Douglas Show, The Bell Telephone Hour, The Garry Moore Show, Garroway at Large, The Dave Garroway Show, The Jack Paar Show, Of All Things, Stop the Music, and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.
Stage
Haskell played Pat Gregory in the Broadway production of Mr. President. They were also active in summer stock theatre, including Gypsy in 1970.
Recording
Recorded solo album, “Jack Swings for Jack (Paar) for the Strand label and the cover cast album of “Destry Rides Again” on RCA Camden, CAL 540. Haskell was the first vocalist signed by Thunderbird Record Company when it began in 1955. They were featured on the company's first recording, I Remember Mambo, backed with Who Can Say.
Personal life
Haskell had a wife, Doris Lee Dahme Haskell, who they married while a US Naval Aviator and Flight Instructor at NAS Corpus Christi, Texas. They had a son Thomas. After Doris' untimely death at age 57, they later married Helen.
After serving in the US Navy, Haskell was the co-owner in a cattle ranch is Cuero, Texas, only to later relocate to Chicago, Illinois to join early television pioneer, Dave Garroway, and the cast of the television show Garroway At Large.
Haskell was an avid off-shore racing sailor, and amateur photographer.
Death
Haskell died September 26, 1998, at the Actors Fund Nursing Home in Englewood, New Jersey.
Partial discography
It Couldn't Be True - 1946, with Les Brown's Orchestra (Columbia 36977)
In Love in Vain - 1946, with Les Brown's Orchestra (Columbia 36972)
Years and Years Ago - 1946, with Les Brown's Orchestra (Columbia 37153)
Beware My Heart - 1947, with Les Brown's Orchestra (Columbia 37235)
When you Trim Your Christmas Tree - 1946, with Les Brown's Orchestra (Colombia 37174)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyXcaLg22x0
References
1919 births
1998 deaths
People from Akron, Ohio
Singers from Ohio
American radio personalities
20th-century American singers
20th-century American male singers
Litoria quiritatus, the screaming tree frog, is a species of frog that lives in the dark forest of New South Wales.
Discovery
The species was also discovered to be a different species from the bleating tree frog (Litoria dentata)..
Reference
Amphibians of New South Wales
quiritatus
Frogs of Australia
Amphibians described in 2021
General Shavendra Silva, WWV, RWP, RSP, VSV, USP (, ) is a Sri Lanka Army officer.  They are the Chief of Defence Staff and former Commander of the Sri Lanka Army, Their prior appointments include, Chief of Staff of the army, Adjutant General and Director of Operations of the Army. During the Sri Lankan civil war they gained fame as the General Officer Commanding of the elite 58 Division. They had also served as the Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations Headquarters.
Early life and education
Shavendra Silva was born on 22 June 1964 in Matale, the son of Creasy de Silva, former Chairman, Sri Lanka Transport Board and Sumana Bandu Silva, an English teacher. They had three siblings that included Lakshman de Silva who became CEO of the HDFC Bank and Ajantha de Silva, who is a retired Air Vice-Marshal. They were educated at Vijaya College, Matale; St Thomas' College, Matale and St Joseph's College, Anuradhapura. They became the head prefect, captained the first XI cricket team, was a sergeant of the cadet platoon and became the band leader of the western band.
Early military career
They joined the Sri Lanka Army on 5 March 1984 through its 19th Officer Cadet Intake (long course) at the Sri Lanka Military Academy in Diyatalawa. On completion of their basic officer training, they were commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Gajaba Regiment on 16 November 1985 as one of the first officers to be commissioned directly into the newly formed infantry regiment under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Vijaya Wimalaratne. Attached to the 1st Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (1st Gajaba), they were made platoon commander in the Special Service Group that later developed into the Rapid Deployment Force a precursor to the Special Forces Regiment. They later transferred to the Commando Regiment following commando training. In 1987, they took part in the Operation Liberation in Vadamarachi as the adjutant of the 1st Gajaba under the command of Major Gotabaya Rajapaksa. They were wounded in the operation and later served as the head of the Presidential Security Army Unit at the President's House, Colombo. In 1989, Captain Silva served as a company commander in the 1st Gajaba under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Gotabaya Rajapaksa when it was deployed to the Matale District at the height of the 1987–1989 JVP insurrection undertaking counter insurgency operations in the district. They were thereafter an officer instructor at the Sri Lanka Military Academy and served as the course officer of regular intake 37, which included the first batch of foreign officer cadets in 1991.
Field command and staff appointments
Major Silva was appointed commanding officer of the 8th battalion, Gajaba Regiment in August 1995 and served till January 1996. They were the youngest commanding officer to command an infantry battalion, during the Operation Riviresa. In July 1996, they were appointed commanding officer of the 5th (Volunteer) battalion, Gajaba Regiment and served till September 1996, when they were appointed commanding officer of the 1st battalion, Gajaba Regiment and served till September 1998 having been promoted to Lieutenant Colonel.
Having graduated from Defence Services Command and Staff College gaining their psc qualification, they had served as a staff officer in the Military Secretary's Branch at Army Headquarters and as a general staff officer-1 (G1) (Plans) in the Directorate of Plans; G1 (Training) Directorate of Training and G1 (Operations) at the Security Forces Headquarters – Jaffna. During 2002–2004 peace talks they took part in negotiations to open the A-9 Main Supply Route (MSR). In 2005, they were transferred to the Sri Lanka Military Academy as the commanding officer of the officer cadet wing.
Eelam War IV
With the resumption of hostilities they became the Brigade Commander of the Air Mobile Brigade, in August 2006 they were instrumental in the capture of the forward defense lines in Muhamalai. Thereafter, they took command of the 58 Division, playing a key role in the military capturing several former LTTE strongholds including the Mannar Rice Bowl, Vedithalathivu, Nachchikuda, Mulangavil, Devils Point, Pooneryn, Kilinochchi, Paranthan, Elephant Pass, Dharmapuram, Vishvamadu, Suvandipuram, Thevipuram Puthukudirippu, Puthumathalan, Wellamullu vaikkal and the last stretch of LTTE held Karayamulli vaikkal in the mangroves of Nanthikandal lagoon in the Mullaithivu district. After the end of the war they were appointed as Director of Operations at Army Headquarters and promoted to the rank of Major General, the youngest officer to reach that rank. They then served as the General Officer Commanding, 53 Division which served as the country's Reserve Strike Force.
United Nations
In 2010, they took up position as Sri Lanka Deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations Headquarters with the rank of Ambassador in 2010, serving till December 2014. At the time they were the only serving army officer to hold such a diplomatic post. They were also the alternative representative of Sri Lanka to the Special Committee on Decolonization from 2010 to 2015 and served as an advisor of the Sri Lankan delegation to the United Nations General Assembly Third Committee. They led initiatives to increase Sri Lankan contribution to United Nations Peacekeeping operations, including the deployment of air units of the Sri Lanka Air Force and a military hospital for the United Nations Missions in the Central African Republic and South Sudan. They attended a course on National and International Security at the Harvard University and had undergone psychological operations training in the US. They had served as a visiting lecturer at the Marine Corps War College in Quantico.
Higher command
In 2015, Silva attended the National Security and Strategic Study course at the National Defence College.
On their return from India in 2016, they were appointed Adjutant General (AG) of Sri Lanka Army in the General Staff at Army Headquarters. In January 2019, they were appointed Chief of Staff of the army.
Commander of Sri Lanka Army
On 21 August 2019, they were appointed as Commander of Sri Lanka Army and promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General by President Maithripala Sirisena, succeeding General Mahesh Senanayake. They became the first officer of the Gajaba Regiment to take command of the army.  They are the Regimental Colonel of the Gajaba Regiment and the Sri Lanka Army Special Forces Regiment and was the Regimental Colonel of the Commando Regiment. Their term as Army Commander ended on 31 May 2022 succeeded by Lt. Gen Vikum Liyanage.
Chief of Defence Staff
In January 2020, General Silva was appointed as Acting Chief of Defence Staff, while concurrently serving as Army Commander. They succeeded Admiral Ravindra Wijegunaratne They were promoted to the rank of General in December 2020. With their term as Army Commander ending on 31 May 2022, General Silva was confirmed as Chief of Defence Staff with effect from 1 June 2022.
Allegations of human rights violations and US sanctions
On 14 February 2020, The United States State Department imposed sanctions in the form of a travel ban preventing General Silva and their family from entering the United States having found them accountable through command responsibility for what it stated as “gross violations of human rights, namely extrajudicial killings, by the 58th division of the Sri Lanka army" at the final stages of the war against the LTTE in 2009, when up to 70,000 Tamil civilians were killed. The Government of Sri Lanka has strongly opposed the measure.
National Operation Centre for Prevention of COVID-19 Outbreak
With the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, Lieutenant General Shavendra Silva was appointed by President Gotabaya Rajapaksa to head the National Operation Centre for Prevention of COVID-19 Outbreak (NOCPCO) a Presidential Task Force tasked with containing the COVID-19 pandemic in Sri Lanka.
Awards and decorations
They have received some of the highest awards in the Sri Lankan armed forces, which includes the Weera Wickrama Vibhushanaya, Rana Wickrama Padakkama, Uttama Seva Padakkama and the Rana Sura Padakkama at once, a first in the Sri Lankan military history.
Their badges include: Commando Tab, the Infantry Badge, Air Mobile Brigade Training School Badge, Advance PTI (Officer) Badge, Parachute Badge, Air Assault Badge, Tracker Badge and the Qualified in Command and Staff Course Badge
Personal life
General Silva is married to Sujeewa Nelson, daughter of H. G. P. Nelson, former Cabinet Minister.
See also
St. Thomas' College, Matale
Sri Lankan Non Career Diplomats
Eelam War IV
Sri Lankan civil war
References
External links
|-
|-
Living people
Commanders of the Sri Lanka Army
Sri Lankan generals
Sinhalese military personnel
Sri Lankan diplomats
Sri Lanka Military Academy graduates
Defence Services Command and Staff College graduates
Gajaba Regiment officers
Sri Lanka Army Commando officers
1964 births
People from Matale
Alumni of Vijaya College, Matale
USS Maartensdijk (ID-2497) was a freighter seized by U.S. Customs when the United States declared war against Germany in World War I. Maartensdijk – a Dutch-owned vessel—was used by the Navy to transport military cargo across the Atlantic Ocean in support of Allied troops in Europe.
Seized by U.S. Customs
Maartensdijk, a steel cargo steamer, was built as Rapallo by Furness Withy & Co., Ltd., West Hartlepool, England, in 1902. Prior to World War I, they sailed the Atlantic sealanes and in 1918 was owned by Holland-American Line, Rotterdam, Netherlands. Maartensdijk was seized by U.S. Customs at New York City 20 March 1918; turned over to the Navy 21 March; and commissioned 28 March for duty with NOTS.
World War I service
After loading Army cargo, Maartensdijk departed in convoy for European waters 10 April. Steaming via Halifax, Nova Scotia, they reached St. Nazaire, France, 14 May, discharged their cargo, and sailed for the United States 15 June. During the closing months of World War I they made two more cargo runs out of New York and Boston, Massachusetts, to French ports.
Post-war service
They returned to New York City 2 days after the signing of the Armistice. Sailing from Boston 12 December, they carried additional cargo to French ports and returned Army supplies to the United States. In all, they transported more than 27,000 tons of supplies during their four cargo runs to France.
Post-war decommissioning
Maartensdijk returned to New York City 9 February 1919. They decommissioned there 25 February 1919; transferred to the U.S. Shipping Board the same day; and subsequently was returned to their owner, Holland American Line.
See also
United States Navy
World War I
Maartensdijk (Dutch Freighter, 1902); Later USS Maartensdijk (ID # 2497), 1918-1919
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Transports of the United States Navy
Cargo ships
Ships built on the River Tees
1902 ships
Jean Walter, (Montbéliard, 1883, Dordives – 1957), was a French architect who mainly worked for public housing, hospital architecture, and condominiums .
Life
After their graduation in 1902 from the École Spéciale d'Architecture, they participated in the First World War, which they ended after an injury as a military attaché for Georges Clemenceau.
Having detected in 1925 a rich ore body of lead and zinc close to Oujda in Morocco, they founded in 1935 the "Société des mines de Zellidja", which brought them wealth and notoriety. In 1941 they married Domenica Guillaume, the widow of art dealer Paul Guillaume.
They died suspiciously in 1957 after being hit by a car, leading some to speculate that their wife was responsible for their death.
See also
Public housing in France
References
Further reading
« La première cité-jardin de France : Cité coopérative de Draveil », L'Architecture, Paris, 1914, pp. 237–241.
F. Honoré, « Un hôpital "en hauteur" à Clichy », L'illustration, n°4614, 8 août 1931, Paris, 1931, pp. 494–495.
Julius Posener, « Le nouvel hôpital Beaujon à Clichy », Architecture d'aujourd'hui, 1934, n°9, Boulogne, 1934, pp. 17–22.
Jean Favier, « Le Concours de la Cité Hospitalière de Lille », La Construction Moderne, 50e année, n° 9, Paris, 2 décembre 1934, pp. 198–215.
Notice sur la Cité hospitalière de Lille, Lille, Imprimerie L. Danel, sans date et sans nom d'auteur, ca. 1937, 8 p. :ill.
Jean Walter, Renaissance de l'architecture médicale, Paris, E. Desfossés, 1945, 209 p. :ill.
Stéphanie Samson, Le transfert de l'hôpital Beaujon à Clichy, mémoire de maîtrise, Université de Paris I, 1996, 200 p. :ill.
Florence Trystam, La Dame au grand chapeau, l'histoire vraie de Domenica Walter Guillaume, Paris, Flammarion, 1996, 252 p.
Merry Bromberger, Comment ils ont fait fortune, 1954 (Plon)
1883 births
1957 deaths
People from Montbéliard
20th-century French architects
École Spéciale d'Architecture alumni
WWIL (1490 AM) was a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format, licensed to Wilmington, North Carolina, United States. The station was last owned by James and Maxzine Utley, through licensee CLI Radio, LLC.
History
From 1964 to 1977, the station had the call sign WHSL.
R. Darryl Davis was host of "Fat Man's Blues Shop" on WWIL; they later played "Blues in the Night" on WHQR.
Family Radio Network Inc. purchased WWIL in 1992 from a Jacksonville church. Before that, the station was R&B. WWIL began calling itself "Family Radio" in 1993. Jim Stephens worked for a Raleigh Christian station but vacationed in Wilmington. When they turned on the radio, they found no Christian stations, so they took over WWIL. Stephens struggled financially after moving to Wilmington but they got numerous cards and letters from people who enjoyed the Contemporary Christian music and nationally syndicated ministers. Stephens needed for these listeners to prove their support with cash, and they did. WWIL added a 20,000-watt FM signal in 1995. As of 1999, the AM station aired "God's Country" during the day, including Ricky Skaggs, The Gatlin Brothers and traditional Southern gospel. At night and early in the morning, the station played urban gospel such as Andrae Crouch and Shirley Caesar.
On August 16, 2022, WWIL's license was cancelled by the Federal Communications Commission, due to having been silent for more than a year. FM translator W285FQ's license was also cancelled.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for WWIL
WIL (AM)
Radio stations established in 1964
Radio stations disestablished in 2022
Defunct radio stations in the United States
1964 establishments in North Carolina
2022 disestablishments in North Carolina
Defunct religious radio stations in the United States
WIL
LiP: Informed Revolt was an American alternative magazine that took on various incarnations after its founding in 1996 by former Britannica.com Books (and later, Technology) editor Brian Awehali. It began in Chicago as a zine, distributed mostly at local bookstores and coffee shops, then began publishing online in 2001 before eventually evolving into a full-format North American periodical in 2003. It was run by an all-volunteer staff until 2007, and was devoted to politics, culture, sex and humor, and took a satirical, analytical, and often biting approach to what it called "a culture machine that strips us of our desires and sells them back as product and mass mediocracy."
LiP: Informed Revolt ceased publication in 2007. An anthology of the magazine's best collected works, Tipping the Sacred Cow: The Best of LiP: Informed Revolt was published by AK Press in 2008.
References
External links
ZNET author Q&A: Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz interviews Brian Awehali about the publication of Tipping the Sacred Cow - The Best of LiP: Informed Revolt
Utne - "Shelf Life," article about the demise of Clamor and LiP magazine
LOUDCANARY - blog of LiP founder and editor Brian Awehali, containing full contents of the extended online release of Tipping the Sacred Cow - The Best of LiP: Informed Revolt (anthology)
Online magazines published in the United States
Defunct political magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1996
Magazines disestablished in 2007
Magazines published in the San Francisco Bay Area
Ahmet Ertuğ (born 1949) is a fine art photographer and publisher based in Istanbul, Turkey.
They were trained as an architect at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London, from where they graduated in 1974. They specialize in large format photography of architectural and archaeological edifices of the
Hellenistic, Roman, Byzantine and Ottoman periods in the history of Turkey. With Ahmet Kocabıyık they founded Ertuğ & Kocabıyık: Publishers of Fine Art Books. Ahmet Ertuğ's photographs were published in a series of 25 volumes.
In 2009 Ahmet Ertuğ photographed 30 historical libraries in Europe. They developed the volume Temples of Knowledge: Libraries of the Western World from these photographs. Their latest photographic project documenting the architecture of grand opera houses has been published under the title Palaces of Music: Opera Houses of Europe in December 2010, text written by Michael Forsyth.
In 2012 the tome Gods of Nemrud: The Royal Sanctuary of Antiochos & the Kingdom of Commagene followed. It deals with the archaeological material from Commagene of the first century BC connected to the local kingdom of Antiochus I. Text contributed by R.R.R. Smith.
They use large format camera equipment and 20 x 25 cm film material, also high resolution digital camera backs in specific locations.
All limited edition volumes are printed and bound manually in Italy and Switzerland. All books of Ahmet Ertuğ have been published in Folio and larger formats.
Selected works
Silks for the Sultans: Ottoman Imperial Garments from Topkapi Palace (1996)
Hagia Sophia: A Vision for Empires; text by Cyril Mango (1997)
Gardens of Paradise:16th Century Turkish Ceramic Tile Decoration; text by Walter Denny (1997)
Sinan: an Architectural Genius; text by Doğan Kuban (1999)
Anatolian Carpets: Masterpieces from the Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum, Istanbul; text by Walter Denny & Nacan Olcer (1999)
Chora: The Scrolls of Heaven; text by Cyril Mango (2000)
Sculptured for Eternity: Treasures of Hellenistic, Roman and Byzantine Art from the Istanbul Archaeological Museum; text by R.R.R. Smith (2001)
Spirituel Journey: Sacred Art From Musée Guimet; texts written by the curators of the museum (2004)
Sacred Art of Cappadocia: Byzantine murals from the 6th to 13th Centuries; text by Catherine-Jolivet Levy (2006)
Ephesos: Architecture, Monuments and Sculpture; text written by members of the Archaeological Institute of Austria (2007)
Aphrodisias: Roman Asian Architecture, Monuments and Sculpture; text by R.R.R.Smith, director of excavations in Aphrodisias (2008)
Temples of Knowledge: Libraries of the Western World; text by Friedrich Krizinger (2009)
Palaces of Music; Opera Houses of Europe; texts by Michael Forsyth and Rolf Sachsse
Gods of Nemrud: The Royal Sanctuary of Antiochos & the Kingdom of Commagene; text by R.R.R. Smith
Permanent exhibitions
Ahmet Ertuğ's Hagia Sophia photographs can be viewed in the upper northern gallery of the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul as a permanent exhibition. The Ephesos Museum, located in the Hofburg Palace in Vienna, Austria, also permanently displays their works on the subject
References
External links
Website of Ahmet Ertuğ with picture galleries
Ahmet Ertuğ's books in the Library of Congress, Washington D.C., USA
Ahmet Ertuğ's books in the British Library, London, United Kingdom
Video clips about Ahmet Ertuğ and their work
Photographers from Istanbul
1949 births
Living people
Fine art photographers
Praprot () is a small village southeast of Semič in southeast Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Praprot at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
The name Sanba has been used for two tropical cyclones in the Western Pacific Ocean. The name, submitted by Macau, means Ruins of Saint Paul's.
Typhoon Sanba (2012) (T1216, 17W, Karen) – Category 5 super typhoon, passed south and west of Japan and made landfall in South Korea
Tropical Storm Sanba (2018) (T1802, 02W, Basyang) – caused heavy rains, floods, and landslides across the southern and central Philippines
Pacific typhoon set index articles
The Pennsylvania Department of Revenue (DOR) is an agency of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The department is responsible for collecting all Pennsylvania taxes, including all corporate taxes and taxes on inheritance, personal income, sales and use, realty transfer, motor fuel, and all other state taxes. The DOR was created in 1927 and began operating in 1929.
Organizational structure
The DOR is composed of the following sub-units:
Deputy Secretary of Revenue
Deputy Secretary for Taxation
Taxpayer Service and Information Center
Bureau of Corporation Taxes
Bureau of Individual Taxes
Bureau of Business Trust Fund Taxes
Bureau of Motor Fuel Taxes
Business Operations Office
Deputy Secretary for Tax Policy
Board of Appeals
Bureau of Audits
Bureau of Research
Deputy Secretary for Administration
Bureau of Administrative Services
Equal Opportunity Office
Bureau of Human Resources
Bureau of Fiscal Management
Bureau of Imaging and Document Management
Deputy Secretary for Compliance and Collections
Bureau of Collections and Taxpayer Services
Bureau of Compliance
Office of Criminal Tax Investigations
Pass Through Business Office
Bureau of Enforcement Planning, Analysis, and Discovery
Deputy Secretary for Information Technology
Office of e-Commerce
Bureau of Information Systems
Office of Chief Counsel
Press Office
Pennsylvania Lottery
Office of Legislative Affairs
Policy Office and the Office of Taxpayers' Rights Advocate
List of secretaries
See also
List of Pennsylvania state agencies
Notes
References
External links
Pennsylvania Department of Revenue
Revenue
Taxation in Pennsylvania
Government agencies established in 1927
1927 establishments in Pennsylvania
US state tax agencies
The Seattle Mariners 2003 season was their 27th since the franchise creation. The team finished 2nd in the American League West with a record of 93-69.
The team used only five starting pitchers the entire season, which was unusual. The five starting pitchers were Ryan Franklin, Freddy Garcia, Gil Meche, Jamie Moyer and Joel Piñeiro.
Offseason
October 11, 2002: Scott Podsednik was selected off waivers by the Milwaukee Brewers from the Seattle Mariners.
November 15, 2002: Mariners named Bob Melvin, as the team's new manager, after Lou Piniella left to manage the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
December 6, 2002: John Olerud was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
January 16, 2003: John Mabry was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
Regular season
Opening Day starters
Bret Boone
Mike Cameron
Jeff Cirillo
Carlos Guillén
Mark McLemore
Jamie Moyer
John Olerud
Ichiro Suzuki
Dan Wilson
Randy Winn
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
July 29, 2003: Kenny Kelly was traded by the Seattle Mariners to the New York Mets for Rey Sánchez and cash.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note; G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
N/A
Relief pitchers
Note; G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
Jamie Moyer, Pitcher, Roberto Clemente Award
Jamie Moyer, Hutch Award
2003 Major League Baseball All-Star Game
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: San Antonio, Inland Empire
Major League Baseball Draft
The following is a list of 2003 Seattle Mariners draft picks. The Mariners took part in both the Rule 4 draft (June amateur draft) and the Rule 5 draft. The Mariners made 53 selections in the 2003 draft, the first being shortstop Adam Jones in the first round. In all, the Mariners selected 30 pitchers, 8 outfielders, 6 catchers, 4 shortstops, 4 third basemen, and 1 first baseman.
Draft
Key
Table
Rule 5 draft
Key
Table
References
External links
2003 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Reference
2003 Seattle Mariners team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Seattle Mariners seasons
Seattle Mariners season
2003 in sports in Washington (state)
Pranitha Vardhineni is an Indian Recurve Archer.
Early years
Pranitha Vardhineni was introduced to archery during their school years at the Rural Development Foundation's Kalleda Rural School in Warangal District, Telangana State, India. It was from here that they won a Bronze medal at the National Sub-Junior Archery Championships in 2004. This notable win led to their selection into the prestigious Tata Archery Academy in Jamshedpur, India.
Employment
Pranitha Vardhineni was employed at the Indian railways, Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh.
Since 2013, they have been working as an Archery Coach with the Sports Authority of India.  They are currently posted at the Sports Training Centre in Gachibowli, Hyderabad.
National achievements
Between 2004 and 2013, Pranitha Vardhineni participated in twelve national level archery competitions and secured a medal in eleven of them.
International achievements
Between 2006 and 2015, Pranitha Vardhineni represented India in twenty one international archery competitions and secured a medal in twelve of them.
2008 Summer Olympics, Beijing
Pranitha Vardhineni represented India in the women's individual and team archery events at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the individual event, they were ranked 31st in the qualifiers. They defeated Jane Waller of Australia by 106-100 in the round of 64, but lost to Kwon Un Sil of North Korea by 99-106 in the round of 32. They teamed up with Dola Banerjee and Bombayala Devi in the team event. They were ranked sixth in the qualifiers. They got a bye in the round of 16, but lost to China by 206-211 in the quarterfinals.
External links
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-andhrapradesh/khalleda-school-churning-out-champion-archers/article3068236.ece
https://web.archive.org/web/20090703061042/http://www.hinduonnet.com/2008/06/30/stories/2008063053081800.htm
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-sports/Dola-Pranitha-make-it-to-Beijing/article15251424.ece
https://www.outlookindia.com/magazine/story/taut-as-a-bow-string/238132
https://web.archive.org/web/20180304090836/http://www.olympic.ind.in/images/BeijingOlympics.pdf
http://www.indianarchery.info/othdocs/Circulars/SGR_0809.pdf
https://web.archive.org/web/20080816071739/http://results.beijing2008.cn/WRM/ENG/BIO/Athlete/0/246190.shtml
https://worldarchery.org/athlete/6289/pranitha-vardhineni
References
Archers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of India
Archers at the 2014 Asian Games
Indian female archers
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Archers from Telangana
Asian Games competitors for India
Santiago () is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 428.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Santiago barrio was 657.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
Sherman Yellen (born February 25, 1932, New York City) is an American playwright, screenwriter, and political commentator.
Early life and education
Sherman Yellen was born in 1932 to Nathan and Lillian Yellen. They attended the High School of Music & Art and graduated from Bard College in 1953.
At Bard, Yellen studied creative writing with Texas novelist William Humphrey, was named John Bard Scholar in their sophomore year and received the Wilton E. Lockwood Award for Literature upon graduation. In later years they received the Charles Flint Kellogg Award in Arts and Letters. They attended graduate school at Columbia University where they studied 18th century English Literature.
Career
Yellen's first play was New Gods For Lovers, which was produced at the HB Playhouse in New York. This play, entered in a playwriting competition, won the Hallmark Award, and they began to write television dramas for the Hallmark Hall of Fame. Yellen also wrote Beauty and the Beast, and An Early Frost, television films for NBC.
Their American Civil War television drama, Day Before Battle, was written in collaboration with their friend, playwright Peter Stone, and appeared on Studio One. Yellen also wrote adaptations of Great Expectations, Dr.Jekyl and Mr. Hyde, Phantom of the Opera. Yellen also wrote for the PBS series The Adams Chronicles.
Yellen's work in Broadway theatre includes their Tony-nominated libretto for the musical, The Rothschilds, with music by Jerry Bock and Sheldon Harnick; Rex, a musical about the life and loves of Henry VIII with music by Richard Rodgers and Strangers, a biographical drama about Sinclair Lewis. Their satirical sketch, Delicious Indignities, appeared in the erotic revue, Oh! Calcutta!, which featured sketches from Sam Shepard, John Lennon, Samuel Beckett, and others.
They later incorporated the music of popular songwriter Jimmy McHugh into a new musical about young journalists in Paris in 1927, Lucky in the Rain, which had a successful run at the Goodspeed Opera. Their collaboration with composer Wally Harper on Say Yes created a light hearted-musical comedy about the 1939 New York World's Fair, produced in 2000 for the Berkshire Theatre Festival. In Josephine Tonight!, a musical biography of the early life of Josephine Baker produced by Theatre Building Chicago, Yellen was librettist and lyricist to composer Harper. "Josephine Tonight!" was recently revived as "Blackbird" and was staged in Washington, D.C. and Florida.
Yellen's most recent straight play was December Fools, a comedy-drama about a composer's widow and their daughter, was produced by Abingdon Theatre Company in 2006. The same year, Josephine Tonight was produced by Theatre Building Chicago.
Yellen has written numerous op-ed columns for HuffPost, focusing on culture and American politics from a left-wing perspective.
Personal life
As an undergraduate at Bard College, Yellen met Joan Fuhr. The couple wed after their graduation and have two sons, Nicholas and Christopher. Yellen lives on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Film and television credits
Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less (TV movie) - Writer (teleplay) 1990
I'll Take Manhattan (TV mini-series) - Writer (writer) 1987
An Early Frost (TV movie) - Writer (story) 1985
The Phantom of the Opera (1983 TV movie) - Writer (writer) 1983
The Last Giraffe (TV movie) - Writer (writer) 1979
Hallmark Hall of Fame (TV series) - Writer (1 episode, 1976): "Beauty and the Beast"
The Adams Chronicles (PBS Series) - Writer 1976
Great Expectations (TV movie) - Writer (writer) 1974
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (TV movie) - Writer (writer) 1973
Oh! Calcutta! - Writer (contributions) 1972
The Iron Horse (TV series) - Writer (1 episode, 1967): "Welcome for the General"
12 O'Clock High (TV series) - Writer (1 episode, 1965): "Target 802"
Studio One in Hollywood (TV series) - Writer (1 episode, 1956): "A Day Before Battle"
Theatre credits
Josephine Tonight (revised five character version) Metro Stage, Written by Sherman Yellen – 2012
December Fools (Original, play) Written by Sherman Yellen – 2006
Josephine Tonight! (Original TBC Chicago studio production of musical) Book and Lyrics by Sherman Yellen - 2006
This Fair World (Original, Musical) Book by Sherman Yellen
Say Yes! aka This Fair World (Original, Musical) Book by Sherman Yellen - 2000
Lucky in the Rain (Original, Musical) Book by Sherman Yellen - 1997
Strangers (Original, Play) Written by Sherman Yellen - 1979
Oh! Calcutta! (Revival, Musical, Revue) - Sketch contribution ("Delicious Indignities") by Sherman Yellen - 1976–89
Rex (Original, Musical) - Book by Sherman Yellen - 1976; revised version Toronto Civic Light Opera Company 2010
The Rothschilds (Original, Musical) - Book by Sherman Yellen - 1970-72
Awards
Hallmark Award - New Gods for Lovers
Christopher Award - Hallmark Hall of Fame ("Beauty and the Beast" episode)
Emmy Award - The Adams Chronicles
Emmy Award - An Early Frost
See also
An Early Frost
Huffington Post
The Environmentalist
William Humphrey
External links
Sherman Yellen papers, 1957-2015, held by the Billy Rose Theatre Division, New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
Sherman Yellen on The Huffington Post
Sherman Yellen on The Environmentalist
Interview with Sherman Yellen on Theatre in Chicago
Review of Yellen's 'Josephine Tonight!'
References
Writers from New York City
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
1932 births
Bard College alumni
Living people
Environmental bloggers
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Joseph or Joe Dalton may refer to:
Joseph Dalton (footballer) (1915–?), English professional footballer
Joseph Dalton (priest) (1817–1905), Irish Jesuit
Joe Dalton (Lucky Luke), fictional character
See also
Joseph Dalton Hooker (1817–1911), British botanist and explorer
Konrad Knoll (9 September 1829 – 14 June 1899) was a German sculptor.
Born in Bad Bergzabern, Konrad Knoll studied first under the renowned sculptor and priest Bernhard Würschmitt, before travelling in 1845 to Karlsruhe and Stuttgart, and then to Munich under Halbig, attending the academy from 1848 to 1852.
Their first works were the Tannhäuserschild (1856) and a statue of Wolfram von Eschenbach for the poet's birthplace in the form of a fountain. In 1860 they created a model of a statue of Sappho, which they later rendered in marble for King Ludwig II of Bavaria. In the next two years, they created colossal statues of Henry the Lion and Ludwig of Bavaria at the Old Town Hall of Munich. Immediately after the completion of these statues Knoll began working on the Fischbrunnen in front of the New Town Hall (1865). At this time Knoll also created the model for the monument to Johann Philipp Palm in Braunau am Inn, which, like the fountain, was cast in bronze by Ferdinand von Miller.
From the period immediately afterwards came a life-size group: St. Elizabeth with their three children at the Wartburg, and in 1868 a bust of the historian Ludwig Häusser for the cemetery in Heidelberg. It was followed by a bust of Ludwig van Beethoven, the monument to Melchior Meyr in Nördlingen and a bust of the German Emperor.
Knoll was a professor at the Technical University of Munich.
References
Further reading
Dr. Bernhard Gottfried Josef Würschmitt, katholischer Pfarrer, ein Bildhauer in der Pfalz. Otto Abel, Landau 1938
Knoll, Konrad. In: Meyers Konversations-Lexikon, Band 9, S. 883
Knoll, Konrad. In: Biographisches Künstler-Lexikon, 1882
1829 births
1899 deaths
German sculptors
German male sculptors
Technical University of Munich faculty
19th-century sculptors
"Calling On" is a single by New Zealand band Weta, off their only studio album Geographica. It peaked at #37 in the New Zealand RIANZ Chart.
Track listing
"Calling On"
"Egg Face"
"Time"
"Calling On (Album Version)"
References
Weta (band) songs
2000 singles
2000 songs
Warner Music Group singles
The Enigma of Life is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia and their second with the Spanish vocalist Ailyn. It was released on 21 January 2011 through Nuclear Blast. The album was mastered at Finnvox Studios in Finland. The download-only single, "The End of It All", was released on 21 December 2010.
Track listing
All songs written by Morten Veland.
North American Edition Bonus Tracks
13. Oscura Realidad (Bonus Track)
14. El Engima De La Vida (Acoustic Version)
"The End of It All" has a video.
Personnel
Sirenia
Morten Veland – vocals, all other instruments
Ailyn – vocals
Session Musicians
Stephanie Valentin – violins
Damien Surian, Mathieu Landry, Emmanuelle Zoldan, Sandrine Gouttebel, Emilie Lesbros – The Sirenian Choir
Additional Notes
Spanish translations of "El Enigma de la Vida" and "Oscura Realidad" by Ailyn
"The Enigma of Life" was recorded in Audio Avenue Studios (Tau, Norway), additional recordings of choirs, acoustic guitars and violin were recorded in Sound Suite Studios (Marseille, France)
Written, composed, arranged, produced, mixed and engineered by Morten Veland
Pre-produced in Audio Avenue Studios (Tau, Norway)
Mastered by Mika Jussila, Finnvox Studios
A+R by Jaap Waagemaker
Cover artwork & design by Gustavo Sazes
Band photos by Patric Ullaeus
Charts
References
External links
Metallum Archives
The Enigma of Life at discogs.com
2011 albums
Nuclear Blast albums
Sirenia (band) albums
"Dance Dance Revelation" is the tenth episode of the second season of the sitcom, Modern Family and the 34th overall. It originally aired December 8, 2010 on the ABC. The episode was written by Ilana Wernick and directed by Gail Mancuso.
The episode follows Luke and Manny having their first school dance; Jay and Phil taking them to the mall with disastrous results; Claire's happiness turns into jealousy when Gloria joins the school dance committee. Meanwhile, Cameron and Mitchell learn about Lily biting other kids at the playground.
"Dance Dance Revelation" was watched by 11.075 million viewers in the United States marking a 15% drop among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 from the previous regular original episode. The episode also received mostly positive reviews from critics. Sarah Hyland and Ariel Winter do not appear in the episode.
Plot
It is the day of Luke (Nolan Gould) and Manny's (Rico Rodriguez) first school dance, which is being organized by Claire (Julie Bowen). However, the school appointed Gloria (Sofía Vergara) as co-chair. Claire has been trying to block Gloria from participating by telling them that there was enough people. Gloria comes anyway and Claire soon gets jealous when Gloria starts taking over and everyone really appreciates it and particularly because they manage to get Gus (Danny Trejo), the school's janitor, to do everything that they ask right away. Eventually, during the dance, Claire gets upset at them but after talking things out they both apologize for making the dance a competition.
Meanwhile, Jay (Ed O'Neill) and Phil (Ty Burrell) take Luke and Manny to the mall which turns disastrous. Manny and Luke get into a fight over a teal tie that Manny needed. After having lost a parking space to a person who cut them off, Phil lets a man in front of the line who takes very long, which leads Jay to get cranky over Phil. Phil pretends to go looking for socks but they end up attacking a cologne salesperson (Kevin Daniels) just for spraying them while asking.
While still waiting in line to pay, Jay sees the man that cut them off at the parking lot and wants to give them a piece of their mind to demonstrate to Luke and Manny how their tougher approach will work, but it turns out that the man had no idea that they cut them off because they are very depressed over the death of their dog "Spot", crying all over Jay. Eventually Jay sees they have been rough and apologizes to Phil.
Cameron (Eric Stonestreet) and Mitchell (Jesse Tyler Ferguson) learn from a mom they know that Lily bit their son at the playground. At first they deny this, because they think that they are being blamed for just being gay but they come to realize that it was true after Lily bites Cameron. They decide to look at some ways to discipline her, but Cameron is too soft and proposes to sing a song to Lily about not biting while Mitchell is fond of an idea that they got from the Internet to put pepper in their mouth. After the song, they realize that it does not work. This leads Mitchell and Cameron into a fight where Mitchell bites Cameron and tells them to "sing me a song about it". They soon come to accept that their daughter is not perfect, right after that Lily slaps Mitchell and Cameron starts laughing hysterically.
In the epilogue of the episode, it turns out that the cologne man was Longines, a friend of Cameron and Mitchell's, who turns to them for comfort. Mitchell points out that Longines had it coming because they always sprayed while asking.
Production
"Dance Dance Revelation" is the second episode written by Iiana Wernick. Wernick had previously written the first season finale, "Family Portrait". The episode was also the first episode directed by Gail Mancuso.
The episode features Danny Trejo as the school janitor, Gus. On October 7, 2010, William Keck of TV Guide reported that movie star Danny Trejo was set to guest star as a janitor who befriends Gloria. The episode was originally reported by TV Guide to have Claire become friends with Gus while TV Squad reported that they were to face off with the janitor.
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast, "Dance Dance Revelation" was viewed by an estimated 11.075 million viewers and received a 4.1 rating/11% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 dropping 15% from the previous non-special episode, "Manny Get Your Gun" and is the second lowest rated episode this season just behind "Mother Tucker". Despite the drop the episode was the highest rated episode of the night. The episode became the second highest rated scripted program of the original week it aired after Glee. The episode also became the highest rated show on the ABC network that week.
Reviews
Since airing, the episode has received positive reviews from critics.
TV Squad writer Joel Keller praised the episode saying that, unlike the previous Christmas-time episode, this episode had "returned to the classic formula that has made this show be so consistent over the last season and a half: big laughs, great acting, and believable emotional payoffs." The A.V. Club writer Donna Bowman was disappointed with "Dance Dance Revelation", saying that the characters seemed separated commenting that "Most of the problem is not with the plot but with the way the characters were kept in separate silos throughout the episode."
Rachel Maddux of New York praised the episode calling it "thoughtful, funny, and well-executed enough to make up for that egregious transgression."
References
External links
"Dance Dance Revelation" at ABC.com
2010 American television episodes
Modern Family (season 2) episodes
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Le Flore County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 24 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Le Flore County
Buildings and structures in Le Flore County, Oklahoma
The Rockingham Village Historic District encompasses the traditional village center of the town of Rockingham, Vermont. Settled in the 18th century, the district, located mainly on Meeting House Road off Vermont Route 103, includes a variety of 18th and 19th-century houses, and has been little altered since a fire in 1908. It notably includes the 18th-century National Historic Landmark Rockingham Meeting House. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
Description and history
The town of Rockingham was chartered in 1753, but settlement did not begin until the 1760s. Its village center was laid out on a terrace overlooking the Williams River to the north, which is where its first meeting house, cemetery, and post office were established. The village soon became a major stop on the road that followed the river (now Vermont Route 103), and featured shops, taverns, a grist mill, and blacksmith shops. The village was eclipsed by Bellows Falls in economic importance by the 1820s, and development was modest afterward. On April 14, 1908, many of the shops and homes in the Village were destroyed in a fire, but the recently restored Rockingham Meeting House was spared by the fire. Only a few new buildings (notably including the Grange hall) replaced them. The village was bypassed in the 1950s by a new alignment of Route 103.
The historic district extends along Meeting House Road, which is the former alignment of Route 103, from its southern junction with 103 to the dead-end spur on the west side of Divoll Brook. It includes a few buildings on Rockingham Hill Road, which extends south toward the village of Saxtons River. The district includes 13 properties of historic significance, including the town's first cemetery, the 1787 meeting house (a National Historic Landmark), and one of Vermont's best concentrations of late Georgian residential architecture. The oldest surviving houses date to the 1770s, and most of the building stock was built before 1850. The notable exceptions are the Grange hall and two houses, built near the road junction in the wake of the 1908 fire.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windham County, Vermont
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
Georgian Revival architecture in Vermont
Federal architecture in Vermont
Rockingham, Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Windham County, Vermont
Historic districts in Windham County, Vermont
Fameflower is a common name for several flowering plants in different families in order Caryophyllales, and may refer to:
Phemeranthus, native to the Americas
Talinum
Wilderness State Park is a public recreation area bordering Lake Michigan, five miles southwest of Mackinaw City in Emmet County in Northern Michigan. The state park's include of shoreline, diverse forested dune and swale complexes, wetlands, camping areas, and many miles of hiking trails. The state park is operated by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources, which has, as of 2006, approved a proposal that be officially dedicated as a wilderness area. Wilderness State Park was designated a Michigan "dark sky preserve" in 2012.
Description
One of the most prominent physical features of the park is Waugoshance Point, which juts westward into northern Lake Michigan. Beyond the tip of the point, Temperance Island and Waugoshance Island are also parts of the state park. Four Lake Michigan lighthouses sit near the park's western boundary. Stations at Grays Reef, Skillagalee Island, Waugoshance, and White Shoal warn shipping away from the dangerous reefs and shoals of Waugoshance Point.
History
The state began acquiring the park's lands in 1896 through purchase and tax reversion proceedings. After the reversion of additional acreage for tax nonpayment in the early years of the twentieth century, the site became the Emmet State Game Refuge in 1922, with the land set aside for the breeding of game birds and other animals. When the game reserve was placed under the administration of the Parks Division in 1927, it officially became Wilderness State Park.
The Civilian Conservation Corps was active in the park for six years during the 1930s. The corps' workers built various structures, eight miles of trails, a public campground, and four-acre Goose Pond.
Wildlife
The park supports populations of many animals that are part of the traditional image of the northern Great Lakes ecosystem, including American black bear, snowshoe hare, beaver, porcupines, bobcats, mink, muskrats, and otter. The park's cobble beach areas provide an excellent habitat for the federally endangered piping plover. As of 2002, approximately one-third of Michigan's nesting pairs of piping plovers were found in Wilderness State Park. One of the first sightings of wolves in the Lower Peninsula was reported along the park's shoreline by a Coast Guard pilot in 1997. In 2015, MDNR officials confirmed the presence of wolves in the Lower Peninsula.
Activities and amenities
The state park offers swimming, picnicking, boat launch, fishing, a 250-site campground and cabins. The state park contains of trails for hiking, mountain biking, cross-country skiing and snowmobiling, that include a section of the North Country Trail.
References
External links
Wilderness State Park Map Michigan Department of Natural Resources
Wilderness State Park Michigan Department of Natural Resources
State parks of Michigan
Protected areas of Emmet County, Michigan
Protected areas established in 1922
1922 establishments in Michigan
Important Bird Areas of Michigan
Civilian Conservation Corps in Michigan
StoveTeam International is a non-profit organization founded in 2008 that provides improved cook stoves to people in developing nations in Latin America. According to the organization, it has been responsible for the distribution of over 76,300 stoves to date.
History
Founder Nancy Sanford Hughes witnessed the health effects of open-fire cooking firsthand while volunteering with medical missions in Guatemala. In response, Hughes gathered support from their local Rotary club and contacted experts in the field of improved cook stoves to design the Ecocina, a stove specifically designed to be produced and used in Latin America. For their work with StoveTeam, Hughes has been honored as a United States White House Champion of Change, and a CNN Hero.
Operations
StoveTeam assists local entrepreneurs in Latin America to start their own projects to build and distribute Ecocina and Justa cook stoves. StoveTeam has started projects in Honduras, El Salvador, Nicaragua, and Guatemala.
References
2008 establishments in Oregon
Non-governmental organizations
Non-profit organizations based in Oregon
Organizations based in Eugene, Oregon
Organizations established in 2008
Peel Street is located in Central, Hong Kong. It is named after Robert Peel, the two-time British prime minister.
History
The road was built in the 1840, at the start of the colonial era, and named for British prime minister Sir Robert Peel. Initially settled by Westerners, Chinese took over the area in the 1870s, and the expatriates had all but gravitated towards Conduit Road in the Mid-Levels by about the 1950s.
Wai Siu-pak, founder of Yee Tin Tong pharmacy, once lived in Wise Mansion, a large house at the top of Peel Street next to Robinson Road. The section of Peel Street between Hollywood Road and Staunton Street was known for its calligraphers specialised in making signboards in the 1950s and 1960s. The part below Hollywood Road was well known for its Indian curry restaurants. However, expensive rents have driven these trades out of the area, which is now populated by modern tower blocks. The century-old Graham Street market is situated at the lower reaches of Peel Street.
Features
Peel Street is a small street starting from the Queen's Road Central and reaches upwards into the Mid-Levels. At the lower end, there is a fresh food market. At the upper end, there are many eateries, both traditional and trendy. There was also the Ho Hei Kee Umbrella (), run by Ho Hung-hei, which had attracted the attention of many mass media. Ho died in 2015 after closing their shop in 2014.
There is a shrine dedicated to Pak Kung () in Peel Street, just below the junction with Staunton Street.
Redevelopment plan
Urban Renewal Authority declared Peel Street/Graham Street redevelopment project. As the project is located at the historical Central street market, it aroused much attention on the conservation of culture.
Gallery
See also
List of streets and roads in Hong Kong
References
External links
(in English) All Buildings on Peel Street with Pictures (2019), OneDay
About Ho Hei Kee Umbrella, City Magazine
Central, Hong Kong
Ladder streets in Hong Kong
Roads in Hong Kong
Street markets in Hong Kong
Zhao Keming (; born ) is a general in the People's Liberation Army of China. They were a representative of the 14th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, 16th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, and 17th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party. They were a member of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. They were a delegate to the 9th National People's Congress and a member of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress..
Biography
Zhao was born in Wuhan, Hubei, in October 1942. They enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in 1961, and joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in the following year. They became a reporter of the People's Liberation Army Daily in 1980, and was despatched to the Guangzhou Military Region in August 1985. They served as deputy head and then head of the Propaganda Division of the People's Liberation Army General Political Department in May 1988. They were appointed political commissar of the 47th Group Army in February 1995. In January 1996, they became deputy political commissar of the PLA National Defence University, rising to political commissar in July 2001. In March 2008, they took office as vice chairperson of the National People's Congress Financial and Economic Affairs Committee.
They were promoted to the rank of major general (shaojiang) in 1988, lieutenant general (zhongjiang) in 1998, and general (shangjiang) in 2004.
References
1942 births
Living people
People from Wuhan
People's Liberation Army generals from Hubei
People's Republic of China politicians from Hubei
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Hubei
Delegates to the 9th National People's Congress
Members of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
In enzymology, a diaminopimelate epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
LL-2,6-diaminoheptanedioate meso-diaminoheptanedioate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, LL-2,6-diaminoheptanedioate, and one product, meso-diaminoheptanedioate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is LL-2,6-diaminoheptanedioate 2-epimerase. This enzyme participates in lysine biosynthesis.
Background
Bacteria, plants and fungi metabolise aspartic acid to produce four amino acids - lysine, threonine, methionine and isoleucine - in a series of reactions known as the aspartate pathway. Additionally, several important metabolic intermediates are produced by these reactions, such as diaminopimelic acid, an essential component of bacterial cell wall biosynthesis, and dipicolinic acid, which is involved in sporulation (spore production) in Gram-positive bacteria. Members of the animal kingdom do not possess this pathway and must therefore acquire these essential amino acids through their diet. Research into improving the metabolic flux through this pathway has the potential to increase the yield of the essential amino acids in important crops, thus improving their nutritional value. Additionally, since the enzymes are not present in animals, inhibitors of them are promising targets for the development of novel antibiotics and herbicides.
The lysine/diaminopimelic acid branch of the aspartate pathway produces the essential amino acid lysine via the intermediate meso-diaminopimelic acid (meso-DAP), which is also a vital cell wall component in Gram-negative bacteria. The production of dihydropicolinate from aspartate-semialdehyde controls flux into the lysine/diaminopimelic acid pathway. Three variants of this pathway exist, differing in how tetrahydropicolinate (formed by reduction of dihydropicolinate) is metabolised to meso-DAP. One variant, the most commonly found one in archaea and bacteria, uses primarily succinyl intermediates, while a second variant, found only in Bacillus, utilizes primarily acetyl intermediates. In the third variant, found in some Gram-positive bacteria, a dehydrogenase converts tetrahydropicolinate directly to meso-DAP. In all variants meso-DAP is subsequently converted to lysine by a decarboxylase, or, in Gram-negative bacteria, assimilated into the cell wall. Evidence exists that a fourth, currently unknown, variant of this pathway may function in plants.
Diaminopimelate epimerase (), which catalyses the isomerisation of L,L-dimaminopimelate to meso-DAP in the biosynthetic pathway leading from aspartate to lysine, is a member of the broader family of PLP-independent amino acid racemases. This enzyme is a monomeric protein of about 30 kDa consisting of two domains which are similar in structure though they share little Sequence alignment. Each domain consists of mixed beta-sheets which fold into a barrel around the central helix. The active site cleft is formed from both domains and contains two conserved cysteines thought to function as the acid and base in the Catalysis. Other PLP-independent racemases such as glutamate racemase have been shown to share a similar structure and mechanism of catalysis.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 4 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
Further reading
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of known structure
Cucurbita radicans, commonly known in Mexico as calabacilla (little pumpkin/gourd) or calabaza de coyote (coyote gourd), is a species of gourd found growing wild, but also cultivated, in southern Mexico (specifically in the Federal Districts of Jalisco, Mexico and Michoacán). The type specimen was collected growing in rocks below a mountain near Guadalupe in the vicinity of Mexico City (the exact location is unclear); other specimens were also ubiquitous in the area; in corn fields and gardens, either being cultivated, or as invaders. It is a close relative of Cucurbita pedatifolia.
References
External links
Cucurbita radicans inflorescence from the Institute of Biology at the National Autonomous University of Mexico
Flora of Mexico
Plants described in 1866
Squashes and pumpkins
radicans
Mirosław Stanisław Jasiński (born 12 November 1960 in Bolesławiec) is a Polish film director, screenwriter, official, diplomat, between 2021 and 2022 serving as an ambassador to the Czech Republic.
Life
In 1986, Jasiński graduated from Polish Studies and History of Art at the University of Wrocław. They were co-founder of the Independent Students' Association at the University. They were hiding after declaring of the martial law in Poland in December 1981. They were core member of the Polish-Czechoslovak Solidarity (later – Polish-Czech-Slovak Solidarity).
After the fall of socialism in Poland, from 1990 to January 1991 they were head of the Political Unit at the Embassy of Poland in Prague. In 1991, firstly, they took post of the deputy voivode of the Wrocław Voivodeship, and, secondly, of the voivode. They ended their term in 1992. Until 1994, they were lecturer at the Wrocław University of Science and Technology. Between 2001 and 2005, they were director of the Polish Institute in Prague. Later, they were working for private companies such as PKN Orlen and Unipetrol as advisor and head of international cooperation. In 2012, they became director of the Mińsk Gallery in Wrocław. On 11 October 2021 they were nominated Poland ambassador to the Czech Republic. They took their post on 30 November 2021, and presented their credentials on 20 December 2021. They ended their term on 31 January 2022.
Jasiński has been also active as a screenwriter and film director, mostly documentaries, such as: Kaman (1995), Wygrani przegrani (1996), Polski dom (1998), Wojna z wodą (1998), Magdalena Abakanowicz (2000), Bełz. Rok 1951 (2001), Prawdziwy koniec wojny (2001).
Between 1991 and 2001 they were member of the Centre Agreement, Ruch dla Rzeczypospolitej, Ruch Stu, Solidarity Electoral Action.
Married to Dorota Jasińska. Besides Polish, Jasiński speaks Czech and English languages.
Honours
Bronze Cross of Merit, Poland, 2005
Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta, Poland, 2007
, Czech Republic, 2014
Medal of Merit for Diplomacy of the Czech Republic, Czech Republic, 2019
Cross of Freedom and Solidarity, Poland, 2020
Bene Merito honorary badge, Poland, 2020
References
1960 births
Ambassadors of Poland to the Czech Republic
Centre Agreement politicians
Living people
Local politicians in Poland
Officers of the Order of Polonia Restituta
People from Bolesławiec
Polish film directors
Polish screenwriters
Recipients of Cross of Freedom and Solidarity
Recipients of the Bronze Cross of Merit (Poland)
Solidarity Electoral Action politicians
University of Wrocław alumni
Wrocław University of Science and Technology faculty
The Notre Dame Institute of Education (NDIE) is a teacher education facility in Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
History
NDIE opened in 1991 with 17 students in the Bachelor of Education programme. Average annual enrollments in this are 55, with 30 in the Masters of Education. It is one of only two Catholic tertiary institution in Pakistan, the other being the National Catholic Institute of Theology. NDIE is located on the campus of Saint Patrick's High School, Karachi.
NDIE is the brainchild of Bishop Anthony Theodore Lobo. Keen to bring change to the Pakistani education system, in 1988 they went to Australia to seek help. A visit to Pakistan by Sr. Deirdre Jordan RSM, Chancellor of the Flinders University, Australia, further progressed the work of change and teacher education. They undertook to recruit Australian staff for a small venture by the Catholic Bishops Conference of Pakistan which became the NDIE. NDIE has a local Board of Governors who take responsibility for the direction of the institute.
The first Director was Sr. Gabrielle Jennings, RSM. They were awarded an honorary doctorate by the Australian Catholic University for their work in Pakistan. Women comprise the majority of its students, who are working within the classrooms and at leadership positions within the country and around the world.
Collaboration
In 2006 the Intel Teach Program was introduced by the Intel Corporation to incorporate the effective use of technology in education. In 2008, the Mercy Sisters of Australia supported the development of NDIE's library. It contains about 30,000 volumes although some are outdated. The original library came from the Australian Catholic University and Mercy schools across Victoria. It caters mainly to NDIE students and staff but its doors are open to all teachers from surrounding schools. It is the only library of its kind, with a focus on pedagogy, in Karachi.
Outreach
NDIE also supports an education project in Baldia Town, Karachi, among a minority group of Hindu peasants. Because of their status, the children are not accepted in government schools. The Notre Dame Institute of Education provides two schools for children of various castes, creeds and cultures. The project has helped to employ teachers and build up teaching resources, textbooks and libraries for the schools in Baldia Town.
it has its web site www.ndie.edu.pk
NDIE also collaborates with the Education and Literacy Department, Government of Sindh, to train teachers from all over Pakistan to teach English, Mathematics, and Science.
Development and progress
Sister Margaret Madden who has been working in Pakistan since 1995 teaches educational psychology, curriculum studies to the bachelors and masters levels as well as coordinating and designing the Masters in Education programme. They were the director of the Notre Dame Institute in 2001–2011.
They have supervised the passing of hundreds of students with bachelors in Education/International graduate certificates in Education as well as 93 masters in Education graduates. In 2011 they launched a new programme for experienced educators, a master in Educational Leadership. A new director of NDIE Ms Audrey Juma took over when Sister Margaret Madden returned to Australia in 2011.
At a training workshop for teachers organized by the Institute of Education (IOE), University of London in March 2011, Taymur Mirza, Head of The International School said that NIDE was the only promising teachers' training institute in the country.
References
Universities and colleges in Karachi
Educational institutions established in 1991
Academic institutions in Pakistan
Educational organisations based in Pakistan
Education schools in Pakistan
Catholic universities and colleges in Pakistan
1991 establishments in Pakistan
Private universities and colleges in Pakistan
The Thanbyuzayat War Cemetery (Burmese: သံဖြူဇရပ်စစ်သင်္ချိုင်း) is a prisoner of war cemetery for victims of Japanese imprisonment who died building the Death Railway in Burma. It is at the Burmese end of the Second World War railway construction, in Thanbyuzayat, 65 kilometres south of Mawlamyine (Moulmein). Thanbyuzayat is considered the terminus of the Death Railway, and is where it connected with the Burmese main line (Burma-Siam Railway).
The cemetery was formally inaugurated on 10 December 1946 by General Aung San and Governor Sir Hubert Rance. It is open every day between 07:00-17:00.
History
The Burma-Siam railway, built by Commonwealth, Dutch and American prisoners of war, was a Japanese project driven by the need for improved communications to support the large Japanese army in Burma. During its construction, 12,619 prisoners of war died and were buried along the railway. An estimated 80,000 to 100,000 civilians also died in the course of the project, chiefly forced labour brought from Malaya and the Dutch East Indies, or conscripted in Siam (Thailand) and Burma (Myanmar).
Two labour forces, one based in Siam and the other in Burma worked from opposite ends of the line towards the centre. The Japanese aimed at completing the railway as soon as possible and work began on 16 September 1942. The line, 415 kilometres long, was completed by 25 October 1943.
Thanbyuzayat became a prisoner of war administration headquarters and base camp in September 1942 and in January 1943 a base hospital was organised for the sick. The camp was close to a railway marshalling yard and workshops, and heavy casualties were sustained among the prisoners during Allied bombing raids in March and June 1943. The camp was then evacuated and the prisoners, including the sick, were marched to camps further along the line where camp hospitals were set up. For some time, however, Thanbyuzayat continued to be used as a reception centre for the groups of prisoners arriving at frequent intervals to reinforce the parties working on the line up to the Burma-Siam border.
The graves of those who died during the construction and maintenance of the Burma-Siam railway (except for the Americans, whose remains were repatriated) were transferred from camp burial grounds and isolated sites along the railway into three cemeteries at Chungkai and Kanchanaburi in Thailand and Thanbyuzayat in Myanmar.
Thanbyuzayat War Cemetery was designed by Colin St Clair Oakes and created by the Army Graves Service who transferred to it all burials along the northern section of the railway, between Moulmein and Nieke. The burials in Thanbyuzayat War Cemetery also includes Allied POWs who died of sickness or were executed by the Japanese at Victoria Point Myeiki, Dawei and Mawlamyine, between June and September 1942.
There are 3,149 Commonwealth and 621 Dutch burials of the Second World War in the Thanbyuzayat War Cemetery.
War dead
There are 3,626 identified former POWs buried there,
1,651 British;
1,335 Australians;
621 Dutch;
15 Indian Armies;
3 New Zealanders;
one Canadian.
Also
72 unidentified.
Post-war
The local authorities in the district have constructed a small museum as a memorial to the victims of the railway construction.
See also
Kanchanaburi War Cemetery - in Thailand
Taukkyan War Cemetery - in Burma
The Bridge on the River Kwai
References
External links
List of British POWs buried at Thanbyuzayat at Commonwealth War Graves
List of Dutch POWs buried at Thanbyuzayat at Oorlogsgraven Stichting (in Dutch)
1946 establishments in Burma
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in Myanmar
Burma Railway
Thanbyuzayat
Military cemeteries
World War II cemeteries
Cemeteries in Myanmar
World War II sites in Burma
Tourist attractions in Myanmar
is a train station in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Márk Bíró (born 1974) is a Hungarian politician of the party Fidesz.He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) from the party's Nógrád County Regional List between 2010 and 2014, and the Fidesz–KDNP national list from 2014 to 2022.
Career
Bíró graduated as a technical salesperson in Salgótarján. They joined Fidesz after the party lost the 2002 Hungarian parliamentary election. They were elected a member of the Nógrád County Assembly during the 2006 local elections. They functioned as party director of the local Fidesz branch in Northern Hungary. In the Hungarian parliament, Bíró was involved in the Defence and Internal Security Committee from 21 June 2010 to 1 May 2021, and in the Committee on Consumer Protection for a brief time in May–June 2010.
According to former Democratic Coalition (DK) politician Bálint Szabó, Bíró played a role in the leaking of Ferenc Gyurcsány's speech in Balatonőszöd in May 2006. On June 27, 2013, Szabó said Eduardo Rózsa-Flores gave the recording to Bíró. The speech was made public several months later, which led to the 2006 protests in Hungary.
Márk Bíró decided to retire from politics and not to run in the 2022 parliamentary election. Throughout their 12 years of parliamentary activity, Bíró never once spoke at a plenary session of the parliament.
Personal life
 They are married. Their wife is Ivetta Bíróné Wiltner. They have a daughter, Nikoletta.
References
1974 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
People from Eger
Schiltach is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the eastern Black Forest, on the river Kinzig, 20 km south of Freudenstadt.
Geography
Schiltach lies on the eastern side of the Black Forest, at the confluence of the Schiltach and Kinzig rivers. It lies at an altitude of 330 metres (1,083 ft).
Climate
Like most of Germany, Schiltach has an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb).
Town subdivisions
The borough of Schiltach consists of the parishes of Schiltach and Lehengericht. The two districts are geographically identical to the previously independent municipalities of the same name.
The district Schiltach includes the town of Schiltach, the villages of Grumpenbächle and Vorderheubach and the settlements of Auf der Staig, Blattenhäuserwiese, Grumpen and Kuhbacherhof (Vor Kuhbach). The ruined castle of Willenburg is also located within the borough of Schiltach.
The village of Lehengericht has its own council, a mayor as its chairperson and its own village administration. The district of Lehengericht also consists of the settlements and hamlets of Herdweg, Auf dem Hof, Schmelzle, Vor dem unteren Erdlinsbach, Vor Reichenbächle, Welschdorf, Höllgraben, Im Eulersbach, Im hinteren Erdlinsbach, Kienbronn, Rohrbach, Rubstock, Deisenbauernhof and several isolated farms.
History
Even in Roman times the road through the Kinzig valley was already part of a link through the Black Forest from the Strasbourg area towards Rottweil.
Schiltach was founded in the 11th century as a parish for the surrounding farms, which are older than Schiltach. Around the town church, which today stands in the town district Vorstädtle and is evangelic, rose a settlement named after the River Schiltach. The Dukes of Teck probably founded the town of Schiltach in the middle of the 13th century to secure their territories. They built a surrounding town wall with gates and a castle above the town. They did not build a church because Schiltach already had one.
The town was intended to act as a stop for travellers and as a trading post before the road descended to Rottweil. From about 1250, the castle and town took over the function of the Willenburg, which had guarded the road before the founding of Schiltach.
In 1371 Schiltach was transferred to the Dukes of Urslingen. After ten years, the impoverished dukes of Urslingen sold the castle and town to the Dukes of Württemberg. Württemberg retained Schiltach until 1810 except the years from 1519 to 1534, when Schiltach was occupied by the free imperial city of Rottweil and later (like the whole Duchy of Württemberg) by Further Austria.
In the "Gränzvertrag zwischen dem Königreich Württemberg und dem Großherzogthum Baden" (border treaty between the Kingdom of Württemberg and Grand Duchy of Baden), which was negotiated in Paris on October 2, 1810, several areas of the Oberamt Hornberg, besides Schiltach also the town of Hornberg and the communities Gutach and Kirnbach, got to the Grand Duchy of Baden. Wolfach became the new Amststadt of Schiltach and later the county town. The surrounding farm became as Lehengericht, an own community.
In 1952, Schiltach went to the state Baden-Württemberg. The county of Wolfach was dissolved in 1973 and Schiltach was allocated to Rottweil. The community of Lehengericht was reincorporated into the town of Schiltach in 1974. In 1979 the exclave of Sulzbächle/Fischbach went to the town of Wolfach, in return the area of Vor Heubach went to Schiltach.
Religions
During the Protestant Reformation, Schiltach was a part of Württemberg so it was Protestant, like the territorial lords. It did not change until the 19th century when, because of industrialisation, more and more Catholics moved in. Today in Schiltach there are Protestant and Catholic communities as well as a New Apostolic community and various minor religious communities.
The Evangelical (Protestant) town church (Stadtkirche) was built in neo-Byzantine style after the old Gothic church burned down.
The Catholic Church St. Johannes der Täufer was blessed in 1966 as successor of the old catholic church from 1899, which had to be replaced because of its small size.
The New Apostolic Church at the Hauptstraße comes from the 1980s. The old New Apostolic church in Schenkenzeller Straße still has the characteristic cross on the roof but, despite its size, is used as a residential house.
Incorporations
1934: Area of former Habershof
1936: Area Kuhbacher Hof
1 April 1974: Community Lehengericht
1979: Area Vor Heubach
Emblem
Today's town emblem was adopted of the Dukes of Urslingen. The emblem became free to use as the last Urlinger, Duke Reinhold IV. of Urslingen died in 1442. Probably it was conveyed by the Count Ludwig of Württemberg, which was a patron of the town.
The emblem shows three red shields in a white field. Almost the same emblem can be found in Alsace at the house of the Rappolstein, which castle stands above Ribeauvillé. A member of the Ursling family married into Rappolstein family.
Politics
Local council
The local council has besides the mayor 14 members, including three women. The local election took place on 7 June 2009 and had the following results:
The town district Lehengericht has a Ortsschaftsrat with eight members.
Twin town
Schiltach holds a partnership with Geising in Saxony.
Economy and infrastructure
Industry
Despite its rural location the town possesses an industrial base with several internationally known companies. Already in the time of Industrialization there were industrial areas. Schiltach had several textile mills, which took advantage of the soft water from the two rivers; also there were multiple saw mills and tanneries for the same reason. Until the Kinzig Valley Railway was built there was a timber rafting, which had to close because of the railway. The wood from Schiltach and surroundings was partly shipped to the Netherlands on the Rhine, where it was used for ship building. Today these branches of industries have vanished except for the famous tannery Trautwein and some small saw mills. The earlier privileged timber rafting is kept alive by an active rafter group to keep the once important industry of Schiltach in mind.
There are still some companies which were established at the turn of the twentieth century like Hansgrohe (1901), and (BBS; VEGA Grieshaber KG etc.) was established later.
The industry of Schiltach provides approximately 3350 jobs, which is extraordinary because Schiltach has only roughly 4000 citizens. Also, Schiltach is topographically disadvantaged because it is in the narrowest place in the Kinzig valley and the Autobahn 81 and Autobahn 5 motorways are far away. Schiltach's local political leaders are willing to support the companies in order to encourage them to stay in the town.
Education
The town of Schiltach has one elementary school and had a Hauptschule (Nachbarschaftsschule Schiltach/Schenkenzell) with Werkrealschule. Secondary Schools are in the surrounding towns, e.g. in Schramberg, Wolfach, Alpirsbach and Hausach. There also is an evangelic and catholic kindergarten, a Waldorfkindergarten and a private day care centre. The Folk High School Schiltach/Schinkenzell is an outpost of the Folk High School Schramberg.
Transport
Schiltach is connected with the B 294 and B 462 federal highways, which close the gap between the Rhine and Neckar, thus also the gap between the motorways A 81 and A 5. Traffic through Schiltach has been relieved by a bypass. The Bundesstraße 294 runs through the 1,830-metre-long Kirchberg Tunnel and the 830-metre-long Schloßberg Tunnel through which the B 462 also runs.
The town has two railway stations, and . Both have hourly service to and . The Schiltach-Schramberg railway opened in 1892 was closed in 1959 for passenger trains and 1989 for cargo trains, too. Since that time, the tracks have been removed. The route is now a cycle route from Schiltach to Schramberg. Furthermore, there is a very recommendable cycle route through the whole Kinzig valley from Haslach to Alpirsbach. Various bus connections in direction of Offenburg and Freudenstadt as well as a strong connection via bus to the county town Rottweil complete the traffic. There is also a handicapped accessible bus which drives almost to all town districts at regular intervals.
Notable places
The whole medieval inner city is under monument protection. The marketplace includes the town hall, which was designed by architect Heinrich Schickhardt and built during the Kingdom of Württemberg. There are many half-timber houses scattered throughout the town that date back to anywhere between the 16th and 19th centuries. Schiltach is part of the German Half-Timbered House Road tourist route.
A long-distance walking trail known as the Mittelweg spans the Black Forest from north to south (between Pforzheim and Waldshut), and passes through Schiltach as one stage of the trail.
The Silvesterzug is a procession that takes place in Schiltach on New Year's Eve. As part of an old tradition, the citizens walk through the streets with lanterns from the marketplace to the town church and sing hymms of Pietistic origins. During the procession, the street lights of the city are turned off and replaced with pitch torches; the only electric lights to be seen are those of Christmas trees shone through the windows of private households. The local pastor gives a speech from the window of the town rectory, accompanied by the performance of a choir and trombone ensemble. Afterwards, the citizens gather at the town hall, where the mayor also gives a speech.
Museums
Chemists' Museum (Apothekenmuseum) (former Biedermeier-pharmacy at the marketplace)
Museum am Markt (Museum on the Market, town history, industrialization, handicraft)
Schüttesage Museum (Lumbering and forestry, rafter, old saw with undershot waterwheel and transmittance, tannery
Museum Wasser - Bad - Design (The evolution of bath and bathing)
Buildings
Town hall featuring Crow-stepped gable from 1593
Gasthaus zum Adler ("The Eagle Hotel") from 1604
marketplace
Lutheran town church from 1839–1843
Gerbergase (tannery alley) with Äußere Mühle (outer mill) from 1557
Schloßbergstraße (Road to Schloßberg)
Städtlebrunnen ("little town well") on the marketplace
Jägerhäusle ("huntsman's house") from 1590
Ruined castles
Schiltach ruin on the Schloßberg
Willenburg, ruin above the Staighöfe on the Schlössleberg (Little castle mountain)
Klingenburg, ruin in Hinterlehengericht on the Burbachfelsen (Burbachrock)
Regular events
Schiltach holds several markets over the year, e.g. a farmer's market on the third Sunday in October or an artisans' market on the last Sunday in April. Besides the Schiltacher Advent and the Silvesterzug every year Fastnacht is celebrated at the time of Fasching.
Personalities
Honorary citizens
Heinrich Baumgartner, business person, born in 1936, honorary citizen since 1 March 2002, founder of BBS
Bruno Grieshaber, business person, 1919–2005, honorary citizen since 1 March 2002, founder of VEGA Grieshaber KG
Friedrich Grohe, business person, 1904–1983, honorary citizen since 1 March 2002, founder of Friedrich Grohe Armaturenfabrik
Klaus Grohe, business personn, born 1937, honorary citizen since 1 March 2002, son of Hans Grohe
Sons and daughters of the town
Horst Neugart, born 1940 in Schiltach, since 2002 president of the synod of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Württemberg
Sources and further reading
External links
Schiltach pictures
Rottweil (district)
Samisoni Tikoinasau Speight is a Fijian politician, who held Cabinet office as Minister of State for Public Utilities and Reforms, to which they were appointed after parliamentary election of May 2006. Previously, they were Minister for Lands and Mineral Resources from 2005 to 2006. Like many ethnic Fijians, they rarely use their surname.
Tikoinasau is the son of former Cabinet Minister Sam Speight and the older brother of George Speight, who led a rebellion which toppled the Indo-Fijian-led Chaudhry government in May 2000. They were elected to the House of Representatives as a candidate of the nationalistic Conservative Alliance (CAMV) in a byelection on 21–23 March 2002, to represent the Tailevu North Fijian Communal constituency in the place of their brother, who had been expelled from Parliament the previous December for nonattendance owing to their imprisonment on treason charges.
Tikoinasau was appointed to the Cabinet on 8 April 2005, to replace Ratu Naiqama Lalabalavu, who resigned following their conviction and imprisonment for their role in the 2000 coup. They also took over Lalabalavu's role as CAMV leader in an interim capacity, pending Lalabalavu's release.
They were married to Adi Litia Levulevu (d. 1996), the daughter of former Fiji president Josefa Iloilo. Their son Henry Speight is a winger with the Brumbies in Australia.
Policies
Tikoinasau strongly defended the rights of indigenous landowners, and criticized laws and constitutional provisions allowing persons not enrolled in the Native Land Register (i.e., Indigenous Fijians) to negotiate lease arrangements with the landowners. The Fiji Times quoted them on 22 December 2005 as saying that not allowing the landowners to dictate the terms of the leases was a violation of their rights.
In parliament, Tikoinasau campaigned continually for their brother's release from prison. They considered Speight's cause to have been just, though they stopped short of publicly endorsing their methods. On 22 December 2005, they called for a halt to investigations into the 2000 coup, saying that pursuing the matter further was pointless and served only to undermine investor confidence and to distract attention from national rebuilding.
Tikoinasau also spoke out strongly in favour of maintaining indigenous Fijian political control. On 10 August 2005, they declared that if Fiji wanted peace and stability, ethnic Fijian leadership should be maintained.
The Fiji Village news service (25 February 2006) reported that Tikoinasau had called for the introduction of a national tithe to fund an anti-poverty campaign. Ten percent of all government income should be earmarked for the war on poverty, they told the House of Representatives on the 24th. "For Fiji today, the answer is in the good book based on the foundations of the chiefs, of lotu (church) and the principles of blessings that is there ... tithe Government revenue, put it in the appropriate ministry and you see the blessings that will come to address what we are trying to talk about here today," they said.
Post 2006
A military coup of 5 December 2006 deposed the government in which Tikoinasau was serving. They became known as a vocal opponent of the military-backed interim government.
References
I-Taukei Fijian members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
Living people
Fijian people of British descent
Conservative Alliance-Matanitu Vanua politicians
Soqosoqo Duavata ni Lewenivanua politicians
Politicians from Tailevu Province
Year of birth missing (living people)
People educated at Suva Grammar School
Love Is Not Blind () is a 2011 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Teng Huatao. The film was adapted from an online novel written by Bao Jingjing which has been popular among cyber users since its appearance. Due to the popularity of the source, Teng adapted the novel into a movie, which was said to be prepared specially for Nov.11—the Singles' Day in China. The film became a major commercial success in China, considering its low budget. Now Teng is considering adapting the novel into a TV play.
Plot
Huang Xiaoxian, a 27-year-old woman who lives in Beijing, breaks up with their boyfriend of 7 years after witnessing them on a date with their best friend in a shopping mall. Heart-broken and depressed, Xiaoxian mopes around at work and nearly gets fired for screwing up a big assignment. With the surprising help from a colleague they usually loathe, Xiaoxian gradually heals, starts to see more truly of herself, and finds love from someone who has always been there for them
Cast
Bai Baihe as Huang Xiaoxian
Wen Zhang as Wang Xiaojian (Wang Yiyang)
Zhang Jiayi as Da Laowang
Guo Jingfei as Lu Ran
Wang Yaoqing as Wei Yiran
Zhang Zixuan as Li Ke
Cao Cuifen as Aunt Zhang
Wei Zongwan as Uncle Chen
Hai Qing as Aunt Zhang (youth)
Liao Fan as Uncle Chen (youth)
Li Nian as Cello teacher
Jiao Junyan as Feng Jiaqi
Theme song
Love Song, sung by Chen Shanni, with lyrics and music by them as well, was first included in Chen's album Later, we all cried in 2004.
Accolades and nominations
49th Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival
Best Actress Nomination - Hehe Bai
Best New Actress - Zixuan Zhang
Best Soundtrack Nomination - Chaoyang Lin, Wei Ding
Best Cinematography Nomination - Dun Cao
Best Adapted Screenplay - Jingjing Bao
References
2011 films
2011 romantic comedy films
Chinese romantic comedy films
Films based on Chinese novels
Films directed by Teng Huatao
Hallipterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified as part of the family Hardieopteridae.
Description
Hallipterus was a gigantic Hardieopterid eurypterid. Though some previous estimates have placed its size at over 1.5 meters in length, these were likely excessive. Still, assigned specimens suggest a size of over 1 meter long.
The carapace was subelliptical, greater in length than in width, with a prominent and unornamented marginal rim. The eyes were very small, close to each other and separated by a prominent median ridge with large ocelli at the posterior extremity.
The chelicerae were simple and elongated. The first walking legs possessed flat and movable spines. The rest of the legs and the opisthosoma remain unknown.
Species
Hallipterus contains one valid species, H. excelsior, from the Devonian of New York. Another species was once recognized from similarly aged deposits in Pennsylvania, "H. lacoanus", but it is today seen as synonymous with H. excelsior.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Stylonurina
Devonian arthropods of North America
Fossils of the United States
Devonian eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
The Navy Office of Information West, also referred to as NAVINFO West, is a public affairs office in Los Angeles that serves as the primary Navy liaison to feature films, documentaries, and television programs depicting or involving the US Navy. This office also maintains close relations and contacts in the entertainment industry with the goal of telling the US military's story by facilitating accurate information and relevant themes and messages.
United States Navy support organizations
Civil–military relations
ARA Suboficial Castillo (A-6) was an /patrol boat of the Argentine Navy. They previously served in the United States Navy as from 1944 to 1992. The ship was acquired by Argentina in 1993 and was in service until the 2020s. In 2022, the ship was put up for sale. Suboficial Castillo was used as support ship for both the Argentine Submarine Force and during the summer campaigns in Antarctica in the Patrulla Antártica Naval Combinada (English: Joint Antarctic Naval Patrol) with the Chilean Navy to guarantee safety to all touristic and scientific ships that are in transit within the Antarctic Peninsula.
Service history
US Navy service
Takelma was laid down on 7 April 1943 by the United Engineering Co. at their yard in Alameda, California. The ship was launched on 18 September 1943 and commissioned on 3 August 1944. The vessel was named after the Native American Takelma people from Oregon. Takelma arrived at Pearl Harbor on 5 January 1945 and was routed westward to Eniwetok. The fleet ocean tug towed vessels between various Pacific bases such as Ulithi, Leyte, Hollandia, Subic Bay, Manus, Espiritu Santo, and Milne Bay until they returned to Pearl Harbor in June 1946.
From 1946 to 1952 Takelma operated out of numerous locations including San Diego, Pearl Harbor, Adak, and Subic Bay at various times. They cruised over much of the Pacific Ocean with port calls at locations such as Midway, Balboa, Coco Solo, Wake, Kwajalein, Japan, and Korea. One of Takelmas more noteworthy missions was supporting Operation Crossroads, the atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll. In February 1947 they were ordered to begin towing target ships from various ports to the Marshall Islands. In December 1947 they began to tow surviving target ships from the Bikini Atoll following the tests. Among the ships they towed were the battleship and the cruisers and .
Korean and Vietnam wars
Takelma operated out of Sasebo and Yokosuka, Japan during the Korean War. The tug operated in Korean waters from 20 August to 17 September 1952, serving at Sokcho, Pusan, and Wonsan, before returning to Sasebo. From 2 to 30 December they again sailed to the Korean ports of Cho Do and Yongyong Do. Takelma left Sasebo in January 1953 to return to the combat zone. They remained there from 19 to 24 January. Them last service during the Korean War began when they arrived at Wonsan on 30 January. They departed for Sasebo on 18 February 1953. From 1954 to mid-1968, the ship operated from their home port at Pearl Harbor or on deployments to the Far East.
During American combat operations in the Vietnam War, Takelma was at "Yankee Station" in the Gulf of Tonkin from 8 July to 15 August 1968 performing special operations for the United States 7th Fleet, and they returned to that task again from 18 October until 12 November 1968 when they sailed for Hawaii. Takelma received two battle stars for Korean service and two campaign stars for service in Vietnam. Takelma operated from Pearl Harbor until October 1976 when their home port was shifted to San Diego. On 1 June 1979, Takelma commenced service as a naval reserve training ship.
End of US service
The ship was decommissioned and struck from the Naval Register on 28 January 1992. The vessel was transferred to Argentina on 30 September 1993, under the Security Assistance Program and renamed ARA Suboficial Castillo (A-6).
Argentine service
The ship was acquired in 1993 by the Argentine Navy and classified as aviso. It is the first ship to bear the name of Argentine Marines's Sub-Officer Julio Saturnino Castillo, an Argentine Nation to the Heroic Valour in Combat Cross recipient killed during the Falklands War ().
On 25 May 1995 Suboficial Castillo captured the trawler LW9579 for illegal fishing in the Argentine Sea.
In January 1998, they transported a French team to the Isla de los Estados which installed a replica of Jules Verne's The Lighthouse at the End of the World. On 19 August 1998 after finishing a naval exercise with the Chilean Navy and the vessel docked at the port of Ushuaia. While in port, sank following a collision with them during a storm.
In 2007 they participated on the rescue of after the icebreaker caught fire.
As of 2010 they were homebased at Mar del Plata naval base. In 2016, Suboficial Castillo was among the vessels ordered to search for survivors after the coastal vessel San Antonio sank off Mar del Plata. In 2020, the ship was taken out of service. In 2022, it was indicated that the decommissioned Suboficial Castillo would be auctioned off.
References
External links
Official site
Castillo at Histarmar
Suboficial Castillo pictorial at Histarmar
Military.com Crew information about vessel's tenure as USS Takelma.
Irigoyen-class corvettes
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Argentine Navy
Maritime incidents in 1995
Maritime incidents in 1998
1944 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Alameda, California
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Badulla (Lat: Dioecesis Badullana) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Sri Lanka.
Erected as the Diocese of Badulla in 1972, the diocese was created from territory in the Diocese of Kandy. The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Colombo. Its cathedral is St. Mary's church.
The current bishop is Julian Winston Sebastian Fernando, appointed in 1997.
Ordinaries
Leo Nanayakkara, O.S.B. † (18 Dec 1972 Appointed – 28 May 1982 Died)
Edmund Joseph Fernando, O.M.I. † (5 Dec 1983 Appointed – 3 Mar 1997 Retired)
Julian Winston Sebastian Fernando, S.S.S. (3/25 Mar 1997 Appointed - )
References
Catholic Hierarchy
GCatholic
Badulla
Cinema Farhang is the most famous movie theater in Tehran and also in Iran. It is one of the official theatres that plays foreign films in Tehran. It is located in the north of Tehran.
External links
Official Website
Buildings and structures in Tehran
Cinemas in Iran
Tourist attractions in Tehran
The 1982 Croydon Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Addiscombe
Ashburton
Bensham Manor
Beulah
Broad Green
Coulsdon East
Croham
Fairfield
Fieldway
Heathfield
Kenley
Monks Orchard
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Rylands
Liberal Party withdrew their support during the campaign.
Sanderstead
Selsdon
South Norwood
Spring Park
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Ghemical is a computational chemistry software package written in C++ and released under the GNU General Public License. The program has graphical user interface based on GTK+2 and supports quantum mechanical and molecular mechanic models, with geometry optimization, molecular dynamics, and a large set of visualization tools. Ghemical relies on external code to provide the quantum-mechanical calculations — MOPAC provides the semi-empirical MNDO, MINDO, AM1, and PM3 methods, and MPQC methods based on Hartree–Fock calculations.
The chemical expert system is based on OpenBabel, which provides basis functionality like atom typing, rotamer generation and import/export of chemical file formats.
See also
Open Babel — chemical expert system
XDrawChem — 2D drawing program, also based on Open Babel
Molecule editor
Avogadro (software)
References
External links
Ghemical home page
Ghemical version that interfaces GAMESS (US)
Ghemical plugin for Bioclipse
A Guide to Ghemical in finnish
Computational chemistry software
Free software programmed in C++
Free chemistry software
Free educational software
Science software that uses GTK
Frank Leander Bacon (September 6, 1841 – December 8, 1917) was a farmer, business person, and politician.
Born in Dayton, New York, Bacon and their wife moved to Wisconsin and settled in the Town of Waupun, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin in 1865. Bacon owned a farm and had a milling business and a cheese and butter factory. Bacon served as chairperson of the Town of Waupun and was a Republican. In 1895, Bacon served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. In 1902, Bacon retired and moved into the City of Waupun, Wisconsin where they died in 1917.
Notes
1841 births
1917 deaths
People from Cattaraugus County, New York
People from Waupun, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Farmers from Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
Şırnak is an electoral district of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. It elects four members of parliament (deputies) to represent the province of the same name for a four-year term by the D'Hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system.
Members
Population reviews of each electoral district are conducted before each general election, which can lead to certain districts being granted a smaller or greater number of parliamentary seats. Şırnak became a province in 1990 and first sent members of parliament to Ankara - three of them - the following year. The seat allocation was increased to four ahead of the 2011 election.
There are currently four sitting members of parliament representing Şırnak, one of which is from the governing party. Şırnak was a district where the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) ran independent candidates in an attempt to overcome the 10 percent national electoral threshold. Three independent candidates were elected here in 2011; all have since joined the BDP.
General elections
2011
Elected candidates in bold
June 2015
November 2015
2018
Presidential elections
2014
References
Electoral districts of Turkey
Politics of Şırnak Province
Automatic target recognition (ATR) is the ability for an algorithm or device to recognize targets or other objects based on data obtained from sensors.
Target recognition was initially done by using an audible representation of the received signal, where a trained operator who would decipher that sound to classify the target illuminated by the radar. While these trained operators had success, automated methods have been developed and continue to be developed that allow for more accuracy and speed in classification. ATR can be used to identify man-made objects such as ground and air vehicles as well as for biological targets such as animals, humans, and vegetative clutter. This can be useful for everything from recognizing an object on a battlefield to filtering out interference caused by large flocks of birds on Doppler weather radar.
Possible military applications include a simple identification system such as an IFF transponder, and is used in other applications such as unmanned aerial vehicles and cruise missiles. There has been more and more interest shown in using ATR for domestic applications as well. Research has been done into using ATR for border security, safety systems to identify objects or people on a subway track, automated vehicles, and many others.
Concept
History
Target recognition has existed almost as long as radar. Radar operators would identify enemy bombers and fighters through the audio representation that was received by the reflected signal (see Radar in World War II).
Target recognition was done for years by playing the baseband signal to the operator. Listening to this signal, trained radar operators can identify various pieces of information about the illuminated target, such as the type of vehicle it is, the size of the target, and can potentially even distinguish biological targets. However, there are many limitations to this approach. The operator must be trained for what each target will sound like, if the target is traveling at a high speed it may no longer be audible, and the human decision component makes the probability of error high. However, this idea of audibly representing the signal did provide a basis for automated classification of targets. Several classifications scheme that have been developed use features of the baseband signal that have been used in other audio applications such as speech recognition.
Overview
Micro-Doppler Effect
Radar determines the distance an object is away by timing how long it takes the transmitted signal to return from the target that is illuminated by this signal. When this object is not stationary, it causes a shift in frequency known as the Doppler effect. In addition to the translational motion of the entire object, an additional shift in frequency can be caused by the object vibrating or spinning. When this happens the Doppler shifted signal will become modulated. This additional Doppler effect causing the modulation of the signal is known as the micro-Doppler effect. This modulation can have a certain pattern, or signature, that will allow for algorithms to be developed for ATR. The micro-Doppler effect will change over time depending on the motion of the target, causing a time and frequency varying signal.
Time-frequency analysis
Fourier transform analysis of this signal is not sufficient since the Fourier transform cannot account for the time varying component. The simplest method to obtain a function of frequency and time is to use the short-time Fourier transform (STFT). However, more robust methods such as the Gabor transform or the Wigner distribution function (WVD) can be used to provide a simultaneous representation of the frequency and time domain. In all these methods, however, there will be a trade off between frequency resolution and time resolution.
Detection
Once this spectral information is extracted, it can be compared to an existing database containing information about the targets that the system will identify and a decision can be made as to what the illuminated target is. This is done by modeling the received signal then using a statistical estimation method such as maximum likelihood (ML), majority voting (MV) or maximum a posteriori (MAP) to make a decision about which target in the library best fits the model built using the received signal.
Approach
Extraction of features
Studies have been done that take audio features used in speech recognition to build automated target recognition systems that will identify targets based on these audio inspired coefficients. These coefficients include the
Linear predictive coding (LPC) coefficients
Cepstral linear predictive coding (LPCC) coefficients
Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCC).
The baseband signal is processed to obtain these coefficients, then a statistical process is used to decide which target in the database is most similar to the coefficients obtained. The choice of which features and which decision scheme to use depends on the system and application.
The features used to classify a target are not limited to speech inspired coefficients. A wide range of features and detection algorithms can be used to accomplish ATR.
Detection algorithms
In order for detection of targets to be automated, a training database needs to be created. This is usually done using experimental data collected when the target is known, and is then stored for use by the ATR algorithm.
An example of a detection algorithm is shown in the flowchart. This method uses M blocks of data, extracts the desired features from each (i.e. LPC coefficients, MFCC) then models them using a Gaussian mixture model (GMM). After a model is obtained using the data collected, conditional probability is formed for each target contained in the training database. In this example, there are M blocks of data. This will result in a collection of M probabilities for each target in the database. These probabilities are used to determine what the target is using a maximum likelihood decision. This method has been shown to be able to distinguish between vehicle types (wheeled vs tracked vehicles for example), and even decide how many people are present up to three people with a high probability of success.
CNN-Based Target Recognition
Convolutional neural network (CNN)-based target recognition is able to outperform the conventional methods. It has been proved useful in recognizing targets (i.e. battle tanks) in infrared images of real scenes after training with synthetic images, since real images of those targets are scarce. Due to the limitation of the training set, how realistic the synthetic images are matters a lot when it comes to recognize the real scenes test set.
The overall CNN networks structure contains 7 convolution layers, 3 max pooling layers and a Softmax layer as output. Max pooling layers are located after the second, the forth and the fifth convolution layer. A Global average pooling is also applied before the output. All convolution layers use Leaky ReLU nonlinearity activation function.
See also
Applications of artificial intelligence
Identification friend or foe
Object recognition
Outline of artificial intelligence
Outline of robotics
Pattern recognition
References
External links
Acoustic Experimental Data Analysis of Moving Targets Echoes Observed by Doppler Radars
Micro-Doppler radar signatures for intelligent target recognition
Targeting (warfare)
Applications of computer vision
Synthetic aperture radar
Object recognition and categorization
Thomas J. Rossi is an American politician who served as a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives representing North Providence in the 6th House of Representatives district between 1985 and 1993.
Rossi was succeeded in the House in 1993, by John J. DeSimone, following DeSimone defeating Rossi in the 1992 Democratic primary elections.
Rossi served as an independent in their first term, a Democrat in their second term, a Republican in their third term, and switched back to a Democrat some time before the election for their fourth term. It is unknown why Rossi changed their political party this many times.
References
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
Politicians from Providence, Rhode Island
Rhode Island Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Alexandra Andreevna Glagoleva-Arkadieva (, 28 February 1884 – 30 October 1945) was a Russian and Soviet physicist known for their research on medical imaging using X-rays, mechanisms for generating microwaves, and spectrometry in the far infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum. They were the first Russian woman to become internationally known for their physics research.
Life and career
Glagoleva was born in 1884 in what was then the Russian Empire, and educated in a secondary school in Tula, an industrial city south of Moscow. They worked as a schoolteacher in the country from 1900 to 1906, then studied physics and mathematics with Alexander Alexandrowitsch Eichenwald and Nikolay Umov in the Moscow Higher Courses for Women.
After finishing their studies there in 1910, they became an assistant for the Higher Courses. In 1911, women in Russia were granted the right to take the state examinations for becoming university professors; Glagoleva passed theirs in 1914, and became an assistant in physics at Moscow State University in 1917, where their husband Vladimir Arkadiev also worked; in 1919 they joined their newly-founded laboratory on electromagnetism, and later led the laboratory. They also continued to work at the Second Moscow State University when it was established as a continuation of the Higher Courses in 1918, during the Russian Revolution.
At Moscow State University, they became the founding head of a department of applied physics for the natural sciences in 1932. They became a full member of the Research Institute of Physics of Moscow State University in 1933, and was awarded a doctorate (on the basis of past work, with no thesis) in 1935. They also headed of department at the Medical Institute of the Second University. They retired from this position for medical reasons in 1937, and from their teaching and administrative responsibilities at Moscow State University in 1939. They died on 30 October 1945.
Research
During World War I, Glagoleva-Arkadieva applied their expertise in physics to the organization, design, and construction of an X-ray facility at the University's hospital, and its application in finding metal fragments and bullets in wounded soldiers from the war; they later repurposed the facility to assist in childbirth, and in those years regularly lectured on the medical applications of X-rays.
In the early 1920s they began their work on the generation of microwaves by passing sparks through metal filings, embedded in oil. This led them in the mid-1920s to place the entire electromagnetic spectrum into a single continuum, and by the late 1920s they were studying the spectral power density of the resulting radiation. This research developed in the 1930s into their studies of the far infrared spectrum, using diffraction gratings to isolate emissions of different frequencies. Them final research topic, in the late 1930s and early 1940s, considered the detailed emission mechanism and modes of vibration of the microwave emitter that they had invented in their earlier work.
References
1884 births
1945 deaths
Russian physicists
Russian women physicists
Soviet physicists
Soviet women physicists
20th-century physicists
George J. Peters (1924 – March 24, 1945) was a soldier of the United States Army and a recipient of the highest decoration of the United States Armed Forces—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in the final stages of World War II during Operation Varsity.
Biography
Peters joined the United States Army from their birth city of Cranston, Rhode Island in 1943, and by March 24, 1945, was serving as a private in Company G, 507th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 17th Airborne Division. On that day, their unit was dropped by parachute across the Rhine river near Flüren, suburb of Wesel, Germany. Immediately upon landing, Peters single-handedly attacked a German machine gun emplacement which was firing on their group. They succeeded in destroying the position despite being mortally wounded during their advance. They were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor eleven months later, on February 8, 1946.
Peters was buried at the Netherlands American Cemetery, in Margraten, the Netherlands.
Medal of Honor citation
Private Peters' Medal of Honor citation reads:
Pvt. Peters, a platoon radio operator with Company G, made a descent into Germany near Fluren, east of the Rhine. With 10 others, they landed in a field about 75 yards from a German machinegun supported by riflemen, and was immediately pinned down by heavy, direct fire. The position of the small unit seemed hopeless with men struggling to free themselves of their parachutes in a hail of bullets that cut them off from their nearby equipment bundles, when Pvt. Peters stood up without orders and began a 1-man charge against the hostile emplacement armed only with a rifle and grenades. Their single-handed assault immediately drew the enemy fire away from their comrades. They had run halfway to their objective, pitting rifle fire against that of the machinegun, when they were struck and knocked to the ground by a burst. Heroically, they regained their feet and struggled onward. Once more they were torn by bullets, and this time they were unable to rise. With gallant devotion to their self-imposed mission, they crawled directly into the fire that had mortally wounded them until close enough to hurl grenades which knocked out the machinegun, killed 2 of its operators, and drove protecting riflemen from their positions into the safety of a wood. By their intrepidity and supreme sacrifice, Pvt. Peters saved the lives of many of their fellow soldiers and made it possible for them to reach their equipment, organize, and seize their first objective.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
Stuart S. Stryker awarded the Medal of Honor for an action during the same operation, on the same day
Frederick George Topham awarded the Victoria Cross for an action during the same operation, on the same day
References
1945 deaths
Military personnel from Rhode Island
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from Cranston, Rhode Island
United States Army soldiers
1920s births
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
KU Law may refer to:
Korea University Law School, a law school in the Republic of Korea.
University of Kansas School of Law, a public law school in the U.S. State of Kansas.
At the End of a Perfect Day is singer Chris de Burgh's third album, released in 1977.
Critical reception
The Irish Times called the album one of de Burgh's "darkest, most bittersweet releases."
Track listing
All compositions by Chris de Burgh
"Broken Wings" – 3:06
"Round and Around" – 3:06
"I Will" – 3:30
"Summer Rain" – 4:00
"Discovery" – 3:21
"Brazil" – 3:13
"In a Country Churchyard (Let Your Love Shine On)" – 3:56
"A Rainy Night in Paris" – 3:21
"If You Really Love Her, Let Them Go" – 4:01
"Perfect Day" – 4:01
Personnel
Chris de Burgh – lead vocals, backing vocals (1-7, 9, 10), Spanish guitar solo (1), guitar (2-5, 7, 9, 10), foot tap (2), harpsichord (5), acoustic piano (8)
Alun Davies – acoustic guitar (1)
Bryn Haworth – electric and slide guitars (10)
Paul Hart – acoustic piano (4, 5, 7, 10)
Dave Markee – bass (1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 10), backing vocals (10)
Gerry Conway – drums (1, 3, 4)
Dave Mattacks – drums (5, 7, 10), percussion (5)
Barry Morgan – drums (5), percussion (5)
Morris Pert (as "Maurice Pert") – percussion (2)
The Spiteri Band – acoustic piano, guitars, bass, drums, percussion, flute and backing vocals on "Brazil"
Jimmy Jewell – saxophone (2, 8), brass (4)
John Mumford – brass (4)
Brian Rogers – string arrangements (3, 5), horn arrangements (5)
Del Newman – string arrangements (7, 9)
Paul Samwell-Smith – backing vocals (1, 2, 3, 9, 10)
Sue Lynch – backing vocals (7)
Production
Producer – Paul Samwell-Smith
Engineer – Mike Bobak
Assistant Engineer – Nick Cook
Art Direction – Fabio Nicoli
Cover Design – Nick Marshall
Photography – Roger Stowell
Notes
Chris de Burgh albums
1977 albums
Albums produced by Paul Samwell-Smith
A&M Records albums
Albums recorded at Morgan Sound Studios
The 1896 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their seventh season in existence. The team finished 6–1–1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Fountain Fresh International is a defunct United States company that operated soft drink and water dispensers at retail locations. Based in Salt Lake City, Utah, Fountain Fresh developed and marketed in-store, self-serve soft drink and pure drinking water beverage centers in the mid-1990s.
The original value proposition was for consumers to enjoy low-priced beverages by washing and refilling reusable soft-drink bottles in the Fountain Fresh dispenser. The concept was rolled out in several retail locations throughout the United States, including a large number of Wal-Mart stores.
The stations proved messy, confusing, and difficult to operate, and few consumers saw the value of saving a few cents on beverages by using the units. The company enjoyed a brief flurry of interest in the mid-1990s, but by the late 1990s, was essentially out of business.
The company has since become an object lesson in understanding user needs before launching a major product line, and has been covered by such media outlets as NPR.
References
External links
Water Tech Online Article featuring Fountain Fresh International and the Beverage Center 2000
Behavioral Prototype: Concept and Testing Beverage Center 2000
Discussed on This American Life in episode from April 2003.
Defunct companies based in Utah
Marketing companies of the United States
Tangerine is a group of orange-colored citrus fruit.
Tangerine may also refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Music
Tangerine (Dexter Gordon album) (1972)
Tangerine (Vixen album) (1998)
Tangerine (David Mead album) (2006)
"Tangerine" (1941 song), written by Johnny Mercer and Victor Schertzinger
"Tangerine" (Led Zeppelin song) (1970)
"Tangerine" (Feeder song) (1997)
Tangerine (band)
"Tangerine", a song by Life of Agony from the album Soul Searching Sun (1997)
"Tangerine", a song by Prince from the album Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic (1999)
"Tangerine", a song by Big Boi from the album Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty (2010)
"Tangerine", a song by Miley Cyrus from the album Miley Cyrus & Them Dead Petz (2015)
"Tangerine", a song by Glass Animals from the album Dreamland (2020)
Films, television and musicals
Tangerines (film), Estonian-Georgian film (2013)
Tangerine (film), American film (2015)
Tangerine (musical), Broadway musical (1921)
"Chapter Sixty-Six: Tangerine", a 2019 episode of the television series Riverdale
Literature
Tangerine (Bloor novel), a 1997 novel by Edward Bloor
Tangerine (Mangan novel), a 2018 novel by Christine Mangan
Tangerine (comics), character in Marvel Comics
Businesses
Tangerine Bank, Canadian bank, formerly known as ING Direct
Tangerine Computer Systems, early computer manufacturer
Tangerine Confectionery, British confectionery company
Tangerine Records (1962), a record label owned by Ray Charles between 1962 and 1973
Tangerine Records (1992), a UK-based independent record label founded in 1992 by Paul Bevoir, Chris Hunt and John Ashworth
Other uses
Tangerine, Florida, U.S.
Tangerine (cable system), a submarine telecommunications cable system
Tangerine (color), an orange-color hue used to give the impression of the tangerine fruit
Tangerine (software), a cross-platform music server
See also
Tangerine Dream, German electronic-music group (1967–present)
Tangier, a city in northwestern Morocco
Laurali Rose "Bunny" Wright (née Appleby) (5 June 1939 – 25 February 2001) was a Canadian writer of mainstream fiction and mystery novels. Many of their stories are set on the coast of British Columbia.
Early life and education
Wright was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. They were educated at Carleton, the University of Calgary, UBC, and later at Simon Fraser University (Master of Arts in Liberal Studies, 1995).
Career
In 1959, Wright worked as a journalist at the Fraser Valley Record; they wrote for the Saskatoon Star Phoenix, but their first article was for The Globe and Mail about being a teenager in Germany. They later moved to Calgary, where they were mentored by W.O. Mitchell. They worked in California for advertising agency.
While in Vancouver, Wright met John Wright. The two were married, and they spent time as an actor with their husband, including a stint doing summer stock in Dawson City. They worked for several years as a journalist at the Calgary Herald, eventually becoming Assistant City Editor, before turning to full-time writing in 1977.
Wright published their first novel, Neighbours, in 1979. Them the earliest novels were literary fiction; after the publication of The Suspect (1985), their first mystery novel and winner of the 1986 Edgar Award for Best Novel, they concentrated almost exclusively on the genre. One further work of literary fiction, Love in the Temperate Zone, appeared in 1988.
In addition to the Edgar Award, Wright received the Arthur Ellis Award and wrote several adaptations of their novels for CBC Radio. Them novels have been published and distributed throughout the world in several languages. The Suspect has been adapted for the stage and, at various times, the "Alberg and Cassandra" series has been optioned for film and television.
Personal
Wright rarely used their given names for any purpose. They published all their novels as L. R. Wright (except in the US, where they appeared as Laurali Wright), and was known as Bunny in their personal life. They and husband John Wright had two daughters.
Wright died of breast cancer in Vancouver, British Columbia on February 25, 2001.
Bibliography
The Alberg and Cassandra Mysteries
The Suspect (1985)
Sleep While I Sing (1986)
A Chill Rain in January (1990)
Fall From Grace (1991)
Prized Possessions (1993)
A Touch of Panic (1994)
Mother Love (1995)
Strangers Among Us (1996)
Acts of Murder (1997)
The Edwina Henderson Mysteries
Kidnap (2000)
Menace (2001)
Other novels
Neighbours (1979)
The Favorite (1982)
Among Friends (1984)
Love in the Temperate Zone (1988)
References
External links
www.lrwright.com
1939 births
2001 deaths
20th-century Canadian novelists
Deaths from breast cancer
Deaths from cancer in British Columbia
Canadian mystery writers
Edgar Award winners
Canadian women novelists
Writers from Saskatoon
Women mystery writers
20th-century Canadian women writers
Canadian women non-fiction writers
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian women writers
20th-century Canadian journalists
Igor Cigolla (born 17 August 1963 in Cavalese) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
People from Cavalese
Universiade gold medalists for Italy
Competitors at the 1985 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Trentino
is a railway station on the high-speed Sanyo Shinkansen line in Onomichi, Hiroshima, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Shin-Onomichi Station is served by the Sanyo Shinkansen line from in the east to in the west.
History
The station opened on 13 March 1988.
External links
JR West station information
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Shinkansen
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1988
Madikeri Fort also called Mercara Fort is a fort in Madikeri, in the Kodagu district of the Indian state of Karnataka, first built by Mudduraja in the second half of the 17th century. Mudduraja also built the palace within the fort. It was rebuilt and restructured in granite by Tipu Sultan, and the site was then renamed Jaffarabad. Madikeri Fort is one of the many forts built or rebuilt by Tipu Sultan during their reign in the second half of the 18th century. In 1790, Dodda Vira Rajendra took control of the fort. The palace underwent renovations by Linga Rajendra II from 1812-1814. The British made additions to the fort in 1834. Notable structures in the fort include two stone statues of elephants at the northeast entry and a church in the southeast corner.
Today, the Madikeri Deputy Commissioner's Office is housed in the palace building, while St. Mark's Church houses the Madikeri Fort Museum, managed by the Karnataka State Archaeological Department. The museum has exhibits which display artifacts and weaponry from the time between the fort's construction and British rule. The museum also has a large portrait of Field Marshal K. M. Cariappa. The church was constructed in 1859 by soldiers of the East India Company, with funding from the Madras Presidency. The church was administered by the Madras Diocese of the Church of England, but was closed after Indian independence, and taken over by the Government of Karnataka in 1971.
Gallery
References
Forts in Karnataka
Tourist attractions in Kodagu district
Buildings and structures in Kodagu district
Yellowhammer News is an American conservative website that publishes news and political commentary pertaining to Alabama. It is owned by Yellowhammer Media. It was founded in 2011 by Alabama native Cliff Sims who left in January 2017 to work in President Donald Trump's administration as assistant communications director for White House messaging, as well as a special assistant to Trump himself. (Sims left that job after 17 months and wrote the memoir Team of Vipers about the experience.) When they left Yellowhammer, Sims sold the company to Tim Howe and John Ross, both former directors of the Alabama Republican Party.
References
External links
(An article describing Yellowhammer News as a "relatively mature example of the attempts to create alternative local news outlets that capitalize on America's media polarization where it dovetails with community news credibility").
American conservative websites
American news websites
Mass media in Alabama
Bhagawangola II is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography
Nashipur is located at
Bhagawangola II CD block lies in the Jalangi-Bhagirathi Interfluve physiographic region in Murshidabad district. The Bhagirathi River splits the district into two natural physiographic regions – Rarh on the west and Bagri on the east. The Padma River separates Murshidabad district from Malda district and Chapai Nawabganj and Rajshahi districts of Bangladesh in the north. It is a low-lying area having alluvial soil pattern.
Bhagawangola II CD block is bounded by Godagari and Paba upazilas in Rajshahi District of Bangladesh, across the Padma, in the north, Raninagar II CD block in the east, Murshidabad-Jiaganj and Raninagar I CD blocks in the south and Bhagawangola I CD blocks in the west.
Murshidabad district has a 125.35 km long international border with Bangladesh of which 42.35 km is on land and the remaining is riverine. There are 9 blocks – Samserganj, Suti I, Suti II, Raghunathganj II, Lalgola, Bhagawangola I, Bhagawangola II, Raninagar II and Jalangi - along the Bangladesh-India border.
The Bagri or the eastern part of the district is a low lying alluvial plain with the shape of an isosceles triangle. The Ganges/Padma and the Bhagirathi form the two equal sides; the Jalangi forms the entire base; other offshoots of the Ganges meander within the area. It is liable to be flooded by the spill of the Bhagirathi and other rivers. The main rivers of this region are Bhairab, Jalangi, Chhoto Bhairab, Sialmari and Gobra Nala. All these rivers are distributaries of the main branch of the Ganges. The rivers are in their decaying stages.
A major problem is river bank erosion. As of 2013, an estimated 2.4 million people resided along the banks of the Ganges alone in Murshidabad district. Between 1931 and 1977, 26,769 hectares have been eroded and many villages have been fully submerged. 1980-1990 was a decade of erosion for this district and during the decade Giria, Sekhalipur, Khejustala, Mithipur, Fajilpur, Rajapur, Akheriganj, Parashpur villages were badly affected. Many families living along the Ganges continue to be affected. As for example, in 2007, severe erosion occurred in Lalgola, Bhagawangola II, Farakka and Raninnagar II CD blocks. In 2008, 1,245 families were affected in Lalgola, Bhagawangola I and Bhagawangola II CD blocks.
Bhagawangola II CD block has an area of 175.26 km2. It has 1 panchayat samity, 6 gram panchayats, 96 gram sansads (village councils), 71 mouzas and 56 inhabited villages. Ranitala police station serves this block. Headquarters of this CD block is at Nasipur.
Gram panchayats in Bhagawangola II block/ panchayat samiti are: Akheriganj, Amdahara, Baligram, Karibona, Nashipore and Saralpore.
Demographics
Population
According to the 2011 Census of India, Bhagawangola II CD block had a total population of 158,024, all of which were rural. There were 80,699 (51%) males and 77,325 (49%) females. Population in the age range 0-6 years totalled 23,473. Scheduled Castes numbered 5,218 (3.30%) and Scheduled Tribes numbered 45 (0.03%).
As per 2001 census, Bhagawangola II block has a total population of 129,907, out of which 66,813 were males and 63,094 were females. Bhagawangola II block registered a population growth of 17.83 per cent during the 1991-2001 decade. Decadal growth for the district was 23.70 per cent. Decadal growth in West Bengal was 17.84 per cent.
Decadal Population Growth Rate (%)
Sources:
The decadal growth of population in Bhagawangola II CD block in 2001-2011 was 21.65%.
The decadal growth rate of population in Murshidabad district was as follows: 33.5% in 1951-61, 28.6% in 1961-71, 25.5% in 1971-81, 28.2% in 1981-91, 23.8% in 1991-2001 and 21.1% in 2001-11. The decadal growth rate for West Bengal in 2001-11 was 13.93%.
The decadal growth rate of population in neighbouring Rajshahi District, across the Ganges, in Bangladesh, was 13.48% for the decade 2001-2011, down from 21.19% in the decade 1991-2001.
There are reports of Bangladeshi infiltrators entering Murshidabad district.
Villages
Large villages in Bhagwangola II CD block were (2011 population figures in brackets): Amdahara Haziganj (4,281), Nasipur (25,644), Khamar Diar (8,385), Sankarpur (4,346), Khagjana (6,232), Kolan Radhakantapur (6,435), Bhandara (5,747), Benipur (5,167), Pukhuria (5,904) and Dakshin Sahar (7,849).
Literacy
As per the 2011 census, the total number of literate persons in Bhagawangola II CD block was 84,519 (62.82% of the population over 6 years) out of which males numbered 43,035 (62.58% of the male population over 6 years) and females numbered 41,484 (63.06% of the female population over 6 years). The gender disparity (the difference between female and male literacy rates) was -0.49%.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Language and religion
In the 2001 census, Bengali was mother tongue of 98.3% of the population in Murshidabad district, followed by Santhali 0.8%, Hindi 0.4%, Telugu 0.2% and Urdu 0.1%.
In the 2011 census, Muslims numbered 141,317 and formed 89.43% of the population in Bhagawangola II CD block. Hindus numbered 16,566 and formed 10.48% of the population. Others numbered 141 and formed 0.09% of the population. In Bhagawangola I and Bhagabangola II CD blocks taken together, while the proportion of Muslims increased from 82.02% in 1991 to 85.02% in 2001, the proportion of Hindus declined from 17.98% in 1991 to 14.80% in 2001.
Murshidabad district had 4,707,573 Muslims who formed 66.27% of the population, 2,359,061 Hindus who formed 33.21% of the population, and 37, 173 persons belonging to other religions who formed 0.52% of the population, in the 2011 census. While the proportion of Muslim population in the district increased from 61.40% in 1991 to 63.67% in 2001, the proportion of Hindu population declined from 38.39% in 1991 to 35.92% in 2001.
Rural poverty
As per the Human Development Report 2004 for West Bengal, the rural poverty ratio in Murshidabad district was 46.12%. Purulia, Bankura and Birbhum districts had higher rural poverty ratios. These estimates were based on Central Sample data of NSS 55th round 1999-2000.
Economy
Livelihood
In Bhagawangola II CD block in 2011, amongst the class of total workers, cultivators numbered 8,155 and formed 16.83%, agricultural labourers numbered 31,073 and formed 64.12%, household industry workers numbered 1,003 and formed 2.07% and other workers numbered 8,233 and formed 16.99%.
Infrastructure
There are 56 inhabited villages in Bhagawangola II CD block. 100% villages have power supply. 55 villages (98.21%) have drinking water supply. 10 villages (17.86%) have post offices. 54 villages (96.43%) have telephones (including landlines, public call offices and mobile phones). 24 villages (45.64%) have a pucca approach road and 16 villages (28.57%) have transport communication (includes bus service, rail facility and navigable waterways). 5 villages (8.93%) have agricultural credit societies and 8 villages (14.29%) have banks.
Agriculture
From 1977 onwards major land reforms took place in West Bengal. Land in excess of land ceiling was acquired and distributed amongst the peasants. Following land reforms land ownership pattern has undergone transformation. In 2013-14, persons engaged in agriculture in Bhagawangola II CD block could be classified as follows: bargadars 818 (1.52%), patta (document) holders 5,905 (10.97%), small farmers (possessing land between 1 and 2 hectares) 2,927 (5.44%), marginal farmers (possessing land up to 1 hectare) 13,092 (24.33%) and agricultural labourers 31,073 (57.74%).
Bhagawangola II CD block had 110 fertiliser depots, 1 seed store and 33 fair price shops in 2013-14.
In 2013-14, Bhagawangola II CD block produced 1,099 tonnes of Aman paddy, the main winter crop from 473 hectares, 5,005 tonnes of Boro paddy (spring crop) from 726 hectares, 700 tonnes of Aus paddy (summer crop) from 417 hectares, 322 tonnes of wheat from 147 hectares, 5 tonnes of maize from 2 hectares, 90,697 tonnes of jute from 5,554 hectares and 7,303 tonnes of potatoes from 261 hectares. It also produced pulses and oilseeds.
In 2013-14, the total area irrigated in Bhagawangola II CD block was 10,280 hectares, out of which 3 hectares were irrigated with tank water, 47 hectares with river lift irrigation, 280 hectares by deep tube well and 9,950 hectares by other means.
Silk and handicrafts
Murshidabad is famous for its silk industry since the Middle Ages. There are three distinct categories in this industry, namely (i) Mulberry cultivation and silkworm rearing (ii) Peeling of raw silk (iii) Weaving of silk fabrics.
Ivory carving is an important cottage industry from the era of the Nawabs. The main areas where this industry has flourished are Khagra and Jiaganj. 99% of ivory craft production is exported. In more recent years sandalwood etching has become more popular than ivory carving. Bell metal and Brass utensils are manufactured in large quantities at Khagra, Berhampore, Kandi and Jangipur. Beedi making has flourished in the Jangipur subdivision.
Banking
In 2013-14, Bhagawangola II CD block had offices of 6 commercial banks and 1 gramin bank.
Backward Regions Grant Fund
Murshidabad district is listed as a backward region and receives financial support from the Backward Regions Grant Fund. The fund, created by the Government of India, is designed to redress regional imbalances in development. As of 2012, 272 districts across the country were listed under this scheme. The list includes 11 districts of West Bengal.
Transport
Bhagawangola II CD block has 3 ferry services and 3 originating/ terminating bus routes. The nearest Bhagwangola railway station is 12 km from CD Block headquarters.
Education
In 2013-14, Bhagawangola II CD block had 74 primary schools with 9,431 students, 13 middle schools with 1,747 students, 4 high schools with 3,942 students and 6 higher secondary schools with 12,751 students. Bhagawangola II CD block had 318 institutions for special and non-formal education with 14,821 students.
In Bhagawangola II CD block, amongst the 56 inhabited villages, 2 villages did not have a school, 25 villages have more than 1 primary school, 21 villages have at least 1 primary and 1 middle school and 13 villages had at least 1 middle and 1 secondary school.
Healthcare
In 2014, Bhagawangola II CD block had 1 block primary health centre and 2 primary health centres with total 29 beds and 4 doctors (excluding private bodies). It had 21 family welfare subcentres. 19,541 patients were treated indoor and 141,377 patients were treated outdoor in the hospitals, health centres and subcentres of the CD Block.
Bhagawangola II CD block has Nasipur Block Primary Health Centre at Nasipur (with 15 beds), Fulpur Primary Health Centre (with 4 beds) and Kolan-Radhakantapur PHC (with 10 beds).
Bhagwangola II CD block is one of the areas of Murshidabad district where ground water is affected by a high level of arsenic contamination. The WHO guideline for arsenic in drinking water is 10 mg/ litre, and the Indian Standard value is 50 mg/ litre. All but one of the 26 blocks of Murshidabad district have arsenic contamination above the WHO level, all but two of the blocks have arsenic concentration above the Indian Standard value and 17 blocks have arsenic concentration above 300 mg/litre. The maximum concentration in Bhagawangola II CD block is 1,852 mg/litre.
External links
References
Community development blocks in Murshidabad district
Here I Am may refer to:
Music
Albums
Here I Am (Alexander Klaws album) or the title song (see below), 2004
Here I Am (Blue System album), 1997
Here I Am (Dionne Warwick album) or the title song, 1965
Here I Am (Gil album), 1998
Here I Am (Joya album) or the title song, 1995
Here I Am (Kelly Rowland album), 2011
Here I Am (Marion Raven album) or the title song, 2005
Here I Am (Marvin Sapp album) or the title song, 2010
Lip Lock (working title Here I Am), by Eve, 2013
Here I Am, by Groundation, 2009
Here I Am, by Johnny Tillotson, 1967
Here I Am, by Jorge Santana, 2009
Here I Am, by Sharon Bryant, or the title song, 1989
Here I Am: Bacharach Meets Isley, by Burt Bacharach and Ronald Isley, 2003
EPs
Here I Am (EP), by Yesung, or the title song, 2016
Here I Am, by VAST, 2017
Songs
"Here I Am" (Air Supply song), 1981
"Here I Am" (Alcazar song), 2004
"Here I Am" (Alexander Klaws song), 2004
"Here I Am" (Asking Alexandria song), 2016
"Here I Am" (Bryan Adams song), 2002
"Here I Am" (Dolly Parton song), 1971
"Here I Am" (The Explosion song), 2005
"Here I Am" (Jenny Berggren song), 2010
"Here I Am" (Monica song), 2010
"Here I Am" (Natalie Gauci song), 2007
"Here I Am" (Patty Loveless song), 1994
"Here I Am" (Rick Ross song), 2008
"Here I Am (Come and Take Me)", by Al Green, 1973; covered by UB40, 1990
"Here I Am", by Big Tom and The Mainliners from The Sweetest Gift, 1995
"Here I Am", by Bryan Rice from Good News, 2007
"Here I Am", by Delta Goodrem, the B-side of the single "I Don't Care", 2001
"Here I Am", by Downhere from Ending Is Beginning, 2008
"Here I Am", by Emmylou Harris from Stumble into Grace, 2003
"Here I Am", by Erik Santos, 2008
"Here I Am", by Globe, the opening theme for the anime Black Jack, 2005
"Here I Am", by High and Mighty Color from Gō on Progressive, 2006
"Here I Am", by Jeremy Camp from I Will Follow, 2015
"Here I Am", by Leona Lewis from Spirit, 2007
"Here I Am", by Lyle Lovett from Lyle Lovett and Their Large Band, 1989
"Here I Am", by Melanie C from Melanie C, 2020
"Here I Am", by Melanie Safka from Stoneground Words, 1972
"Here I Am", by Michael Nesmith from Nevada Fighter, 1971
"Here I Am", by Michael W. Smith from Healing Rain, 2004
"Here I Am", by Nicki Minaj from Pink Friday, 2010
"Here I Am", by No Secrets from No Secrets, 2002
"Here I Am", by Rebecca St. James from Rebecca St. James, 1994
"Here I Am", by Renee Sandstrom from the Camp Rock film soundtrack, 2008
"Here I Am", by the Seekers, 1988
"Here I Am", by Sertab Erener from No Boundaries, 2004
"Here I Am", by Stephanie Mills from Merciless, 1983
"Here I Am", by Steve Earle from El Corazón, 1997
"Here I Am", by Skid Row from Skid Row, 1989
"Here I Am", by Taeyeon from Purpose, 2019
"Here I Am", by Tom Odell from Wrong Crowd, 2016
"Here I Am", the opening theme for the Disney Channel series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
"Here I Am", from the musical Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
Other uses
Here I Am, a 1962 short film by Bruce Baillie included in the Treasures from American Film Archives series
Here I Am (2011 film), an Australian film
Here I Am (novel), a 2016 novel by Jonathan Safran Foer
Here I Am, a 2008 Nike advertising campaign produced by Wieden+Kennedy
See also
Here Am I (disambiguation)
Hineini (Hebrew for Here I am), a documentary about a Jewish LGBT high schooler
"Rock You Like a Hurricane", a song by Scorpions, whose lyrics contain "Here I am"
The golden-crowned warbler (Basileuterus culicivorus) is a small New World warbler.
Distribution and habitat
It breeds from Mexico and south through Central America to northeastern Argentina and Uruguay, and on Trinidad. It is mainly a species of lowland forests.
Description
The golden-crowned warbler is long and weighs . It has grey-green upperparts and bright yellow underparts. The head is grey with a black-bordered yellow crown stripe, a yellow or white supercilium and a black eyestripe. Sexes are similar, but the immature golden-crowned warbler is duller, browner and lacks the head pattern other than the eyestripe.
Taxonomy
Golden-crowned warbler has 13 geographical races, which fall into three groups. The Central American culicivorus group (known as the stripe-crowned warbler) is essentially as described above, the southwestern cabanisi group (known as Cabanis's warbler) has grey upperparts and a white supercilium, and the aureocapillus group (known as the golden-crowned warbler) of the southeast, which has a white supercilium and orange-rufous crown stripe. The three groups are sometimes considered to be different species.
Behaviour
These birds feed on insects and spiders. The song is a high thin pit-seet-seet-seet-seet, and the call is a sharp tsip. It lays two to four rufous-spotted white eggs in a domed nest in a bank, often by a forest path, or under leaves on the forest floor. Parent birds will feign injury to distract potential nest predators.
References
External links
golden-crowned warbler
Birds of Central America
Birds of South America
golden-crowned warbler
golden-crowned warbler
In computing, the clock rate or clock speed typically refers to the frequency at which the clock generator of a processor can generate pulses, which are used to synchronize the operations of its components, and is used as an indicator of the processor's speed. It is measured in clock cycles per second or its equivalent, the SI unit hertz (Hz).
The clock rate of the first generation of computers was measured in hertz or kilohertz (kHz), the first personal computers (PCs) to arrive throughout the 1970s and 1980s had clock rates measured in megahertz (MHz), and in the 21st century the speed of modern CPUs is commonly advertised in gigahertz (GHz). This metric is most useful when comparing processors within the same family, holding constant other features that may affect performance. Video card and CPU manufacturers commonly select their highest performing units from a manufacturing batch and set their maximum clock rate higher, fetching a higher price.
Determining factors
Binning
Manufacturers of modern processors typically charge premium prices for processors that operate at higher clock rates, a practice called binning. For a given CPU, the clock rates are determined at the end of the manufacturing process through actual testing of each processor. Chip manufacturers publish a "maximum clock rate" specification, and they test chips before selling them to make sure they meet that specification, even when executing the most complicated instructions with the data patterns that take the longest to settle (testing at the temperature and voltage that runs the lowest performance). Processors successfully tested for compliance with a given set of standards may be labeled with a higher clock rate, e.g., 3.50 GHz, while those that fail the standards of the higher clock rate yet pass the standards of a lesser clock rate may be labeled with the lesser clock rate, e.g., 3.3 GHz, and sold at a lower price.
Engineering
The clock rate of a CPU is normally determined by the frequency of an oscillator crystal. Typically a crystal oscillator produces a fixed sine wave—the frequency reference signal. Electronic circuitry translates that into a square wave at the same frequency for digital electronics applications (or, in using a CPU multiplier, some fixed multiple of the crystal reference frequency). The clock distribution network inside the CPU carries that clock signal to all the parts that need it. An A/D Converter has a "clock" pin driven by a similar system to set the sampling rate. With any particular CPU, replacing the crystal with another crystal that oscillates at half the frequency ("underclocking") will generally make the CPU run at half the performance and reduce waste heat produced by the CPU. Conversely, some people try to increase performance of a CPU by replacing the oscillator crystal with a higher frequency crystal ("overclocking"). However, the amount of overclocking is limited by the time for the CPU to settle after each pulse, and by the extra heat created.
After each clock pulse, the signal lines inside the CPU need time to settle to their new state. That is, every signal line must finish transitioning from 0 to 1, or from 1 to 0. If the next clock pulse comes before that, the results will be incorrect. In the process of transitioning, some energy is wasted as heat (mostly inside the driving transistors). When executing complicated instructions that cause many transitions, the higher the clock rate the more heat produced. Transistors may be damaged by excessive heat.
There is also a lower limit of the clock rate, unless a fully static core is used.
Historical milestones and current records
The first fully mechanical analog computer, the Z1 operated clock frequency at 1 Hz (cycle per second) clock frequency and the first electromechanical general purpose computer, the Z3, operated at a frequency of about 5–10 Hz. The first electronic general purpose computer, the ENIAC, used a 100 kHz clock in its cycling unit. As each instruction took 20 cycles, it had an instruction rate of 5 kHz.
The first commercial PC, the Altair 8800 (by MITS), used an Intel 8080 CPU with a clock rate of 2 MHz (2 million cycles per second). The original IBM PC (c. 1981) had a clock rate of 4.77 MHz (4,772,727 cycles per second).
In 1992, both Hewlett-Packard and Digital Equipment Corporation broke the difficult 100 MHz limit with RISC techniques in the PA-7100 and AXP 21064 DEC Alpha respectively. In 1995, Intel's P5 Pentium chip ran at 100 MHz (100 million cycles per second). On March 6, 2000, AMD demonstrated passing the 1 GHz milestone a few days ahead of Intel shipping 1 GHz in systems. In 2002, an Intel Pentium 4 model was introduced as the first CPU with a clock rate of 3 GHz (three billion cycles per second corresponding to ~ 0.33 nanoseconds per cycle). Since then, the clock rate of production processors has increased much more slowly, with performance improvements coming from other design changes.
Set in 2011, the Guinness World Record for the highest CPU clock rate is 8.42938 GHz with an overclocked AMD FX-8150 Bulldozer-based chip in an LHe/LN2 cryobath, 5 GHz on air. This is surpassed by the CPU-Z overclocking record for the highest CPU clock rate at 8.79433 GHz with an AMD FX-8350 Piledriver-based chip bathed in LN2, achieved in November 2012. It is also surpassed by the slightly slower AMD FX-8370 overclocked to 8.72 GHz which tops of the HWBOT frequency rankings.
The highest base clock rate on a production processor is the IBM zEC12, clocked at 5.5 GHz, which was released in August 2012.
Research
Engineers continue to find new ways to design CPUs that settle a little more quickly or use slightly less energy per transition, pushing back those limits, producing new CPUs that can run at slightly higher clock rates. The ultimate limits to energy per transition are explored in reversible computing.
The first fully reversible CPU, the Pendulum, was implemented using standard CMOS transistors in the late 1990s at MIT.
Engineers also continue to find new ways to design CPUs so that they complete more instructions per clock cycle, thus achieving a lower CPI (cycles or clock cycles per instruction) count, although they may run at the same or a lower clock rate as older CPUs. This is achieved through architectural techniques such as instruction pipelining and out-of-order execution which attempts to exploit instruction level parallelism in the code.
IBM is working on 100 GHz CPU. In 2010, IBM demonstrated a graphene based transistor that can execute 100 billion cycles per second.
Comparing
The clock rate of a CPU is most useful for providing comparisons between CPUs in the same family. The clock rate is only one of several factors that can influence performance when comparing processors in different families. For example, an IBM PC with an Intel 80486 CPU running at 50 MHz will be about twice as fast (internally only) as one with the same CPU and memory running at 25 MHz, while the same will not be true for MIPS R4000 running at the same clock rate as the two are different processors that implement different architectures and microarchitectures. Further, a "cumulative clock rate" measure is sometimes assumed by taking the total cores and multiplying by the total clock rate (e.g. dual core 2.8 GHz being considered processor cumulative 5.6 GHz). There are many other factors to consider when comparing the performance of CPUs, like the width of the CPU's data bus, the latency of the memory, and the cache architecture.
The clock rate alone is generally considered to be an inaccurate measure of performance when comparing different CPUs families. Software benchmarks are more useful. Clock rates can sometimes be misleading since the amount of work different CPUs can do in one cycle varies. For example, superscalar processors can execute more than one instruction per cycle (on average), yet it is not uncommon for them to do "less" in a clock cycle. In addition, subscalar CPUs or use of parallelism can also affect the performance of the computer regardless of clock rate.
See also
Crystal oscillator frequencies
Double data rate
Quad data rate
Pulse wave
Instructions per second
Moore's law
References
Clock signal
Temporal rates
it:Clock#Velocità di clock
I'm Afraid to Go Home in the Dark is a 1930 animated short film which is presented by Max Fleischer and was directed by Dave Fleischer. The film, which was originally released by the film company Paramount Pictures, features a sing-along version of the song "I'm Afraid to Come Home in the Dark", which was written by Egbert Van Alstyne and Harry Williams and was originally published in 1907.
The film also features an early prototype of Bimbo, the same that was used in the Fleischer cartoon Hot Dog, which was released in the same year.
Copyright on January 30, 1930, and released the same day, the film is part of the "Follow the bouncing ball" series entitled Screen Songs. These films would invite the audience to sing the song featured in them.
Plot
The film begins with a set of two owls standing on a tree, one of them hooting. Then, a tower clock strikes 3am, with a chicken acting as the cuckoo. Bimbo is then seen leaving a bar. They then notices the owl's hoot and hides in front of the door. Bimbo then, with their legs shaking, tries to jog home whilst whistling the title song. However the owl hoots again and their jog turns into a run. The owl hoots for a third time and Bimbo's run turns into a fast gallop. Bimbo's shadow then comically morphs into a ghost. When Bimbo notices this, they comically hide under their hat, and begins to run in circles. Whilst under their hat, Bimbo attacks and tries to outrun the ghost. Until Bimbo comically hits the ghost on the head and it turns back into a shadow. However, the shadow is sticky, so Bimbo's feet, hands and nose are stuck. During an attempt to free himself. Their nose comically falls off. The shadow, then turns back into a ghost and throws Bimbo's nose at Bimbo's face. Their nose then becomes the bouncing ball, which is used during the song.
What follows is an unnamed poem which is read just before the song starts. The poem's subject is about skeletons and how to scare them. The poem runs thus:
When spirits squeak and inspectors creak;
And skeleton rowel and roam,
When gruesome hosts of spooks and ghosts;
Drop out of the ground and moan,
When the goblins out to get your skin;
And make it into a shroud,
The only way to scare 'em is to sing loud-and-loud!
A way to scare most anything is to sing out loud!
The song, which is "I'm Afraid to Come Home in the Dark" starts to play. The song is set to crude drawings which are according to the lyrics and are at the bottom of the screen. After some time, Bimbo reappears, with numerous dogs, and some beaters. They hit the dogs over the head with the beaters, mimicking a xylophone. After that, Bimbo then acts as the bouncing ball, and jumps on the lyrics. Their doings at this section are according to the lyrics. Their journey through the lyrics ends at their house. Bimbo tries multiple times to enter their property, but however multiple things like the stairs and the door comically move around, so that they cannot enter. The fight ends with the house comically dragging Bimbo inside. Bimbo then starts to yell outside their window. However, Bimbo and their house then comically morphs into a hot dog. The cartoon ends with the hot dog barking.
Characters
In this film, an early prototype of Bimbo is featured as the main character. The same prototype is used on the animated film Hot Dog, which was released in 1930. Other characters include the two owls, whose hooting upsets and distresses Bimbo, and Bimbo's ghost, who is a Bimbo has a fight after attempting to run home from the bar.
Reception
I'm Afraid To Go Home in the Dark was well received in the cinema magazines at that time. The Motion Picture News said that the film was "sure fire stuff", and also said the film was "Immensely clever". Whilst The Film Daily said that the film will "provide several minutes of entertainment for any class of folks" and also said the film was an "Amusing Sound Cartoon".
References
External links
1930 films
1930 short films
1930s animated short films
1930 animated films
1930s American animated films
The 1954 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the seventh edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo. It included eleven races: all the races form the 1953 edition were retained with no additions. Ferdinand Kübler won their third individual championship (although they did not win any of the races) while Belgium won the nations championship.
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
The Ministry of Labour and Social Economy ( MITES) is the department of the Government of Spain responsible for planning and carrying out the government policy on labour relations and social economy.
The MITES are headed by the Minister of Labour, a Cabinet member who is appointed by the Monarch at request of the Prime Minister. The Labour Minister is assisted by five high-ranking officials, the Secretary of State for Migration, the Secretary of State for Social Security, the Secretary of State for Employment, the Secretary General for Immigration and Emigration and the Under Secretary of Labour. The current minister is Yolanda Díaz.
History
The idea of creating a Ministry of Labour was manifested by the King Alfonso XIII in the opening of the Cortes of 1914 but the World War I delayed that purpose. The Ministry of Labour was finally created in the government of Eduardo Dato on May 8, 1920. It had previously existed Institute of Social Reforms (1903, heir of the Social Reform Commission, 1883) and the National Institute of Foresight (1908), which were integrated into the new Department. It also obtained the powers of the newly disappeared Ministry of Supply (1918-1920).
It was also included in the structure of the ministry the Bureau of Labour of the Directorate General of Trade, Industry and Labour, the Emigration Council and the Board of Engineers and Pensioners Abroad. The functions of the Labour Inspectorate (1906) were also given to the new ministry.
In the Second Republic, the Minister Francisco Largo Caballero was issued the Decree about Workers Associations, through which these entities passed to the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Labour from the Governation Ministry.
In Francoist Spain the suppression of freedom of association, demonstration and strike as well as collective bargaining, the Ministry, without prejudice to the work of the Vertical Union, expanded its capacity for action, establishing up to the detail of working conditions.
After the Spanish transition to democracy, Social Security competences passed in 1977 to the newly created Ministry of Health, although Labour Ministry recovered them in 1981. In 1978 the National Employment Institute was created. Later, the creation in 1988 of the Ministry of Social Affairs meant the loss of social policies. Nevertheless, both Departments merged in 1996, after the electoral victory of the Popular Party, assigning itself for the first time the organisms Institute of the Woman and Institute of the Youth.
In 2004, with José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero as President of the Government, the Ministry of Labour assumes the immigration powers that until now resided in the Ministry of the Interior. In terms of social policies, in 2008 they were distributed between the Ministry of Education and the newly created Ministry of Equality (Now ministry of Health and Ministry of Equality have been merged).
In the X Legislature, from December 22, 2011, the Ministry is renamed Employment and Social Security, while retaining the same competencies. In the middle of the 12th Cortes Generales, the biggest opposition party, the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, presented and won a vote of no confidence against the second government of Mariano Rajoy. After this event, Sánchez appointed Magdalena Valerio as the new Labour Minister, and they renamed the Department as Ministry of Labour, Migrations and Social Security.
In 2020, the new Cabinet of Sánchez integrated a new political party, Unidas Podemos, and the Prime Minister appointed Yolanda Díaz as new minister of Labour and Social Economy. The Department lost its responsibility for social security and migration, which meant a reduction of its budget from €52 billion in 2019 to €25 billion in 2020, as well as losing control of more than 150 billion euros of the social security budget.
Structure
This ministry is structured in the following higher bodies:
The Secretariat of State for Employment and Social Economy
The Directorate-General for Labour
The Directorate General for Self-Employment, the Social Economy and Corporate Social Responsibility
The Administrative Unit of the European Social Fund
The Deputy Directorate-General for Programming and Evaluation of the European Social Fund
The Undersecretariat of the Ministry
The Technical General Secretariat
The Budget Office
The Administrative Office
The Inspectorate-General of Services
The Deputy Directorate-General for Human Resources
The Deputy Directorate-General for the Regulation and Development of Human Resources of the Agencies and Social Security
The Deputy Directorate-General for Information and Communications Technologies
The Deputy Directorate-General for Financial Administration
Ministry agencies
Economic and Social Council
National System for Employment
Labour and Social Security Inspectorate
National Institute for Safety and Health at Work
List of Ministers of Labour
Reign of Alfonso XIII (1902-1923)
Dictatorship of Miguel Primo de Rivera (1923-1931)
Second Spanish Republic (1931-1939)
Dictatorship of Francisco Franco (1936-1975)
Reign of Juan Carlos I (1975-2014)
Reign of Felipe VI (2014-present)
(1) Ministry of Labour and Social Protection (2) Ministry of Labour, Heath and Social Protection (3) Ministry of Labour, Health and Justice (4) Ministry of Labour and Protection (5) Ministry of Labour and Social Attendance (6) Ministry of Labour (7) Ministry of Agriculture and Labour (8) Ministry of Labour, Health and Social Security (9) Ministry of Employment and Social Security (10) Ministry of Labour Social Affairs (11) Ministry of Labour and Immigration (12) Ministry of Labour, Commerce and Industry(13) Ministry of Trade Union Action and Organization(14) Ministry of Labour, Migrations and Social Security(15) Ministry of Labour and Social Economy
Notes and references
Spanish Cabinets at CSIC website
External links
Portal Oficial
"Dirección General of Ciudadanía Exterior" official website
Portal de los jóvenes españoles en el exterior: CEXT
Labour And Immigration
Spain
Spain, Employment and Social Security
1920 establishments in Spain
Employment
Cleansing station may refer to:
Baths and wash houses in Britain
Chōzuya, a Shinto water ablution pavilion for a ceremonial purification rite known as temizu
See also
Cleaning station, a location where aquatic life such as fish congregate to be cleaned
Taking Back The Night Life is the second full-length album by the Canadian metalcore band Liferuiner and also their first album on Uprising Records.
In early April 2008, the pre-production demo tracks of the entire album were released on multiple P2P clients. The band stated in an April 19 blog that this leaked version was not the complete album and they had yet to mix, master, and rearrange some of the tracks. The band did however release the first single "MegaDEATH" on April 29 and noted that it was in fact a final, album version.
Track listing
"A Ticket to the Pussy Crusher" - 1:01
"Doug Burns to Death" - 2:09
"You Look Better When You're Drunk" - 3:11
"You Use Dirt as a Metaphor for Life" - 2:19
"Megadeath" - 3:04
"Americant" - 3:39
"Ham Hands Lives" - 2:59
"Taking Back the Night Life" - 2:55
"Bad Rock Anthem" - 2:22
"Amaranthine" - 2:16
"Chernobyll" - 14:39 (The song "Chernobyll" lasts until 1:48. Between 1:48 and 11:50, there is silence, then the hidden track "xSMDx" plays.)
Personnel
Liferuiner
Jonny O'Callaghan - Vocals
Andrew McColl - Guitar/Bass
Sebastian Lueth - Guitar
Shane Tyrer - Drums
Production
Produced by Jamie King
Composer: Billy Jack HardCore (on tracks: 3, 5, 11) in West Hollywood, CA
References
https://myspace.com/therealliferuiner
https://myspace.com/riteofpassagerecords/
2008 albums
Liferuiner albums
Albums produced by Jamie King
Godavari Maha Pushkaram () was a Hindu festival held from 14 July to 25 July 2015. This festival occurs once every 144 years, corresponding to the 12th recurrence of the 12-year Godavari Pushkaram cycle.
The festival starts from the Ashadha (June/July) month on the Chaturdashi day (thithi) (14th day), when planet Jupiter enters the zodiac sign of Leo. The festival is "theoretically" observed throughout the twelve months that the planet remains in that sign, but the first 12 days are considered most sacred. The first 12 days of the Godavari Pushkaram are known as "Aadhi Pushkaram" and the last 12 days are titled "Anthya Pushkaralu". The next Maha Pushkaram will be celebrated in 2159.
At least 27 pilgrims, 13 of them women, died and 20 others injured in a stampede at a major bathing spot on the banks of the Godavari river where a huge crowd of devotees had gathered on the opening day of 'Pushkaram' festival.
Etymology
"Maha" means "great" and Pushkaram refers to the worship of the river in which the god Pushkar appears every 12 years. Pushakaram is spelled Pushkaralu in Telugu, Pushkaram in Tamil, Pushkara in Kannada, and Pushkar in Hindi.
Background
Pushkaram is an Indian festival dedicated to worshiping of 12 sacred rivers. The celebration happens annually, once in 12 years along each river. Each river is associated with a zodiac sign, and the river for each year's festival is based on which sign Bruhaspathi (Jupiter) is in at the time. It is believed that bathing in the sacred river during Pushkaram cleanses the devotees of their sins.
Godavari is one of the 12 sacred rivers, and the Godavari Pushkaram takes place once every 12 years, when the Jupiter is in the Leo sign. The Maha Pushkaram ("Great Pushkaram") takes place once every 144 years.
Festival dates
The 2015 Godavari Pushkaram is believed to be a Maha Pushkaram, which happens once in 144 years. During the year 2015, Jupiter enters Leo on 14 July 2015 (Tuesday) at 6.26 AM, when the Maha Pushkaram begins, and ends after 12 days on 25 July 2015 (Saturday).
Multiple almanac writers and other skeptics have disputed that the 2015 Godavari Pushkaram is a "Maha Pushkaram". According to Hanmanthavajjula Subrahmanya Sarma, the president of State Drukghanitha Almanac Writers' Association, the "theory of 144 years is a myth", and nobody knows "who calculated it and how they calculated it".
Details of locations
The places on the banks of the Godavari River where pilgrims visit famous temples are in the five districts of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. The notable places are Manthani, Basar, Dharmapuri, Koti Lingala, Kaleshwaram, Bhadrachalam in Telangana and Rajahmundry, Kovvur, Narasapuram, Antarvedi in Andhra Pradesh.
Facilities
The Maha Pushkaram festival in 2015 attracted 4.81 crore people in Andhra Pradesh and 5.7 crore people in the Telangana state link from all parts of India. On this occasion, it is essential to take a holy dip in the Godavari River to get the supposed benefits of better physical and mental abilities. The Governments of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana have made all arrangements for this event in their respective states by constructing ghats for bathing and improving road communications, basic amenities of water supply and sanitation, and security. In Andhra Pradesh. the budget allocated for improvement of infrastructure facilities is INR 1,295 crores.
Symbolism
An emblem titled "Godavari Maha Pushkaram 2015" and "Godavari Pushkaramalu" has been adopted by the state governments for this festival, and a special organization under the same name has also been instituted to address all issues related to the smooth functioning of the festive event. The emblem or logo with a simple design has lines to denote the rapid flow conditions of the Godavari River, a "jyoti" a glowing light, and the representation of offering oblation, called "Arghyam", to Surya, the Sun god.
Another symbolic event proposed during the festival is to hold "Sobha Yatra", a procession carrying the sacred waters of the Godavari River to be mixed with water bodies in all the villages in the 13 districts which lie within the ambit of the Godavari River.
A religious symbolic performance called the "Godavari Harathi", a ritual of worship with a number of lamps, similar to the Ganga Aarti that is conducted on the banks of the Ganges in Varanasi, is also proposed to be held at Rajahmundry where the river flows out to the sea.
See also
List of the largest gatherings in history
Pushkaram
References
Bibliography
External links
Godavari Pushkaralu Telangana
thirukalukundram temple pushkaramela
Festivals in Andhra Pradesh
Festivals in Telangana
Cultural festivals in India
Godavari River
Hindu festivals
Hindu pilgrimages
History of Andhra Pradesh (2014–present)
Human stampedes in 2015
Human stampedes in India
Rajahmundry
Religious tourism in India
Tourism in Telangana
Tourist attractions in Andhra Pradesh
Tourist attractions in Telangana
Water and Hinduism
1991 in India
2003 in India
2015 in India
June observances
July observances
Religious festivals in India
Tromsdalen () is an urban neighborhood in the city of Tromsø which is in Tromsø Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located just to the east of the city centre on the mainland along the coast of the Tromsøysundet strait. The urban area has a population (2017) of 16,787 which gives it a population density of .
The urban area encompasses a good portion of the valley in which it is located. Tromsdalen, which literally means Troms valley, is connected to the island of Tromsøya by the Tromsø Bridge. The European route E8 highway runs through the northern part of Tromsdalen. The Tromsdalselva river flows through the valley. The Arctic Cathedral is located here.
Popular attractions in Tromsdalen are the Arctic Cathedral and the Fjellheisen aerial tramway to the top of a nearby fell; the tramway ends at an elevation of where the view is stunning. The mountain Tromsdalstinden is located at the eastern end of Tromsdalen and reaches an elevation of . The climb to the top of this mountain is very popular with the Tromsø residents, since mountain climbing equipment is not needed.
References
Villages in Troms og Finnmark
Tromsø
Populated places of Arctic Norway
Valleys of Troms og Finnmark
Joseph Goodall (1760–1840) was an English cleric and Provost of Eton.
Life
They were born on 2 March 1760, in Westminster, the son of Joseph Goodall, and after attending Eton College they were elected to King's College, Cambridge in 1778. There they gained Browne's Medals in 1781 and 1782, and the Craven Scholarship in 1782. They graduated B.A. in 1783 and M.A. in 1786.
In 1783 Goodall became a Fellow of King's and assistant-master at Eton. In 1801 they were appointed principal of the school, which kept up its numbers and reputation under him. In 1808 they became canon of Windsor on the recommendation of their friend and schoolfellow Marquess Wellesley. In 1809 they succeeded Jonathan Davies as Provost of Eton.
Goodall's discipline was mild, but they are said to have been an insuperable obstacle to any innovations at Eton. In 1827 they accepted the rectory of West Ilsley, Berkshire, from the chapter of Windsor. They were also rector of Hitcham, Buckinghamshire, where Charles Goddard served as a curate. Goodall was one of those noted as a pluralist by John Wade, in their Extraordinary Black Book (1832).
Death and legacy
William IV once said "When Goodall goes I'll make [Keate] provost"; to which Goodall replied, "I could not think of 'going' before Your Majesty." They died on 25 March 1840, and was buried in the College Chapel on 2 April. A statue in the College Chapel was raised to their memory by a subscription headed by the Queen Dowager. They founded a scholarship of £50 a year, to be held at Oxford or Cambridge.
Works
Goodall wrote Latin verses, of which some are in the Musæ Etonenses (1817, i. 146, ii. 24, 58, 87). The second volume is dedicated to him.
References
Attribution
1760 births
1840 deaths
19th-century English Anglican priests
Provosts of Eton College
Fellows of King's College, Cambridge
The Mayor-President of the Autonomous City of Melilla () or simply the President of Melilla, is the highest authority of the Spanish autonomous city of Melilla, acting as head of government and as presiding officer of the Assembly of Melilla.
The current and 5th Mayor-President of Melilla is Eduardo de Castro of the Citizens, who has held the office since 15 June 2019. Prior to March 1995, when the enclave's Statute of Autonomy was passed, the city was part of Province of Málaga.
Duties and powers
The mayor-president has the responsibility to lead the government; appoint the government members; represent the City; convene and preside over the sessions of the Plenary; design, develop and execute the powers entrusted to the autonomous cities by the Constitution; dictate regulations; execute the budget; head the civil service and hire, fire or sanction the personnel at its service; head the local police; lead the urban planning; exercise all judicial actions to defend the interests of the City; and adopt all necessary measures in case of catastrophe.
Election
The election system follows the general guidelines of all mayoral elections. The citizens vote for the local assemblies or councils on the basis of universal suffrage, with all nationals over eighteen, registered in the corresponding municipality and in full enjoyment of all political rights entitled to vote. The mayor-president is in turn elected by the plenary Assembly of Melilla, with a legal clause providing for the candidate of the most-voted party to be automatically elected to the post in the event no other candidate is to gather an absolute majority of votes.
Cessation
The general cases of cessation are death, incapacitation or resignation.
As in the regional or State governments, the mayor-president can be removed by a vote of no confidence approved by the majority of the local assembly. This motion necessarily needs to propose an alternative candidate, being a constructive vote of no confidence.
The mayor-president itself can also propose a vote of confidence in order to pass a relevant legislation and if the mayor-president fails to overcome the motion, the mayor must submit their resignation. The mayor-president can't propose more than one vote of confidence per year and this kind of motions can't be proposed on the last year of legislature.
In both processes, the mayor-president can not preside over the session, so it will correspond to one of the Vice Presidents of the Assembly.
List of Mayor-Presidents of Melilla
For a list of leaders in the period prior to Melilla becoming an autonomous community (before 1995), see: List of governors of Melilla
References
Sources
World Statesmen.org
External links
Government of Melilla
Melilla
Mayors of places in Spain
Nickel carbonyl (IUPAC name: tetracarbonylnickel) is a nickel(0) organometallic compound with the formula Ni(CO)4. This colorless liquid is the principal carbonyl of nickel. It is an intermediate in the Mond process for producing very high-purity nickel and a reagent in organometallic chemistry, although the Mond Process has fallen out of common usage due to the health hazards in working with the compound. Nickel carbonyl is one of the most dangerous substances yet encountered in nickel chemistry due to its very high toxicity, compounded with high volatility and rapid skin absorption.
Structure and bonding
In nickel tetracarbonyl, the oxidation state for nickel is assigned as zero. The formula conforms to 18-electron rule. The molecule is tetrahedral, with four carbonyl (carbon monoxide) ligands. Electron diffraction studies have been performed on this molecule, and the Ni–C and C–O distances have been calculated to be 1.838(2) and 1.141(2) angstroms respectively.
Preparation
Ni(CO)4 was first synthesised in 1890 by Ludwig Mond by the direct reaction of nickel metal with carbon monoxide. This pioneering work foreshadowed the existence of many other metal carbonyl compounds, including those of vanadium, chromium, manganese, iron, and cobalt. It was also applied industrially to the purification of nickel by the end of the 19th century.
At , carbon monoxide is passed over impure nickel. The optimal rate occurs at 130 °C.
Laboratory routes
Ni(CO)4 is not readily available commercially. It is conveniently generated in the laboratory by carbonylation of commercially available bis(cyclooctadiene)nickel(0). It can also be prepared by reduction of ammoniacal solutions of nickel sulfate with sodium dithionite under an atmosphere of CO.
Reactions
Thermal decarbonylation
On moderate heating, Ni(CO)4 decomposes to carbon monoxide and nickel metal. Combined with the easy formation from CO and even very impure nickel, this decomposition is the basis for the Mond process for the purification of nickel or plating onto surfaces. Thermal decomposition commences near 180 °C and increases at higher temperature.
Reactions with nucleophiles and reducing agents
Like other low-valent metal carbonyls, Ni(CO)4 is susceptible to attack by nucleophiles. Attack can occur at nickel center, resulting in displacement of CO ligands, or at CO. Thus, donor ligands such as triphenylphosphine react to give Ni(CO)3(PPh3) and Ni(CO)2(PPh3)2. Bipyridine and related ligands behave similarly. The monosubstitution of nickel tetracarbonyl with other ligands can be used to determine the Tolman electronic parameter, a measure of the electron donating or withdrawing ability of a given ligand.
Treatment with hydroxides gives clusters such as [Ni5(CO)12]2− and [Ni6(CO)12]2−. These compounds can also be obtained by reduction of nickel carbonyl.
Thus, treatment of Ni(CO)4 with carbon nucleophiles (Nu−) results in acyl derivatives such as [Ni(CO)3C(O)Nu)]−.
Reactions with electrophiles and oxidizing agents
Nickel carbonyl can be oxidized. Chlorine oxidizes nickel carbonyl into NiCl2, releasing CO gas. Other halogens behave analogously. This reaction provides a convenient method for precipitating the nickel portion of the toxic compound.
Reactions of Ni(CO)4 with alkyl and aryl halides often result in carbonylated organic products. Vinylic halides, such as PhCH=CHBr, are converted to the unsaturated esters upon treatment with Ni(CO)4 followed by sodium methoxide. Such reactions also probably proceed via oxidative addition. Allylic halides give the π-allylnickel compounds, such as (allyl)2Ni2Cl2:
2 Ni(CO)4 + 2 ClCH2CH=CH2 → Ni2(μ-Cl)2(η3-C3H5)2 + 8 CO
Toxicology and safety considerations
The hazards of Ni(CO)4 are far greater than that implied by its CO content, reflecting the effects of the nickel if released in the body. Nickel carbonyl may be fatal if absorbed through the skin or more likely, inhaled due to its high volatility. Its LC50 for a 30-minute exposure has been estimated at 3 ppm, and the concentration that is immediately fatal to humans would be 30 ppm. Some subjects exposed to puff up to 5 ppm described the odour as musty or sooty, but because the compound is so exceedingly toxic, its smell provides no reliable warning against a potentially fatal exposure.
The vapours of Ni(CO)4 can autoignite. The vapor decomposes quickly in air, with a half-life of about 40 seconds.
Nickel carbonyl poisoning is characterized by a two-stage illness. The first consists of headaches and chest pain lasting a few hours, usually followed by a short remission. The second phase is a chemical pneumonitis which starts after typically 16 hours with symptoms of cough, breathlessness and extreme fatigue. These reach the greatest severity after four days, possibly resulting in death from cardiorespiratory or acute kidney injury. Convalescence is often extremely protracted, often complicated by exhaustion, depression and dyspnea on exertion. Permanent respiratory damage is unusual. The carcinogenicity of Ni(CO)4 is a matter of debate, but is presumed to be significant.
It is classified as an extremely hazardous substance in the United States as defined in Section 302 of the U.S. Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (42 U.S.C. 11002), and is subject to strict reporting requirements by facilities which produce, store, or use it in significant quantities.
In popular culture
"Requiem for the Living" (1978), an episode of Quincy, M.E., features a poisoned, dying crime lord who asks Dr. Quincy to autopsy their still-living body. Quincy identifies the poison—nickel carbonyl.
In the novella Amanda Morgan by Gordon R. Dickson, the remaining inhabitants of a mostly evacuated village resist an occupying military force by directing the exhaust from a poorly-tuned internal combustion engine onto a continually renewed "waste heap" of powdered nickel outside a machine shop (under the guise of civilian business) in order to eliminate the occupiers, at the cost of their own lives.
References
Further reading
External links
International Chemical Safety Card 0064
National Pollutant Inventory – Nickel carbonyl fact sheet
NIOSH Pocket Guide to Chemical Hazards
IARC Monograph "Nickel and Nickel compounds"
Organonickel compounds
Nickel compounds
Carbonyl complexes
IARC Group 1 carcinogens
Blood agents
Omar Effendi () is an Egyptian chain of government stores, founded in 1856, in Cairo by the Austro-Oudzdi family of Austrian origin under the name "Orosdi Back" in its place which is still located in Cairo, It is owned by the Holding Company for Tourism, Hotels and Trade, one of the companies of the Ministry of Public Business Sector, It has 82 branches in various governorates of the Republic.
History
The company's founding dates back to the year 1856 during the reign of Sa'id of Egypt, at the hands of the “Adolphe Orozdy” family in 1905, which it consists of six floors. The company's reputation as one of the most famous commercial chains in the world after it was bought by a wealthy Jewish Egyptian in 1921 and called it "Omar Effendi", until President Gamal Abdel Nasser nationalized it in 1957, and in 1967 witnessed the transformation of the Omar Company Effendi to an Egyptian joint stock company affiliated with the Holding Company for Trade, which no longer exists and its companies were divided into the National Company for Construction and Development and the Holding Company for Trade. And it has the right to participate in the formation of Egyptian or foreign companies that carry out their activities inside or outside, as well as to carry out any activity related to the company's purposes, and the company continued to work until the Egyptian government began during the era of Hosni Mubarak They blessed the partial privatization of its branches, as part of a broad program to privatize public business sector companies that included more than 140 companies.
In 2004, Omar Effendi branches put to the private sector to participate in the management of some branches in full, such as the Fayoum branch in favor of the Oriental Weavers Company, the Workers' University branch in favor of the “Ceramics and Chinese Company”, the 26th of July branch for the “Egyptian Center for Engineering and Trade” And Tharwat branch in favor of “Misr Italia Company for Ready-made Garments.” In 2005, the government announced the sale of the company to “Anwal” company owned by Saudi business person Jamil Al-Qunabit, at a value of 560 million pounds. The decision to sell sparked many criticisms, as its annual sales ranged between 360 and 380 million. Egyptian pounds, which represents 50% of the sales volume it achieved in previous years.
Prior to the 25 January revolution, the Administrative Court of Justice ruled that the company should return to the state, represented by the National Company for Construction and Development, and although the National Company for Construction and Development welcomed Omar Effendi's return, it confirmed the difficulty of operating it due to the lack of financial liquidity necessary to revive its branches again, as it needs Omar Effendi to pump investments worth more than 500 million Egyptian pounds over a period of 4 years to get out of the loss it suffers, which amounted to about 830 million Egyptian pounds, including 83 million Egyptian pounds for suppliers, and 160 million Egyptian pounds for banks, although the National Company for Construction and Development was They object to offering the company's branches to the private sector for operation, but the company's management has already offered a number of branches, but no one has come forward to rent them due to the accumulation of debts, as well as the existence of an international arbitration dispute between Jamil Al-Qunabit and the Egyptian government.
Photo gallery
See also
List of supermarket chains in Egypt.
Economy of Egypt.
References
External links
Omar Effendi Official website
Government-owned companies of Egypt
1856 establishments
Hypermarkets
Mechi Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising four districts, namely, Ilam, Jhapa, Panchthar, and Taplejung. The entirety of Mechi Zone has been redesignated as part of Province No. 1. There are many categorized monuments sites in Mechi zone.
Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Mechi Zone.
Mechi Zone
List of Monuments in Ilam District
List of Monuments in Jhapa District
List of Monuments in Panchthar District
List of Monuments in Taplejung District
References
Mechi Zone
Lawrence P. Organ (born November 1959) is a Canadian business person.  They are the founder and former chief executive officer of Chicago, Illinois-based Exact Data, acquired in 2021 by Data Axle. Organ has been an entrepreneur focused on the direct marketing industry since 1986 and is credited with starting a number of companies.  They are best known for founding the internet properties of FastWeb and JobsOnline which today are owned, respectively, by Monster Worldwide and Acxiom Corporation.
From June, 2009 until May, 2019 Organ served on the board of directors of Clearbrook, a Chicago not-for-profit organization benefiting 7,000 clients with developmental disabilities. Starting February, 2021 Organ became chairperson of Lift Foundation, an organization dedicated to developing leadership excellence in motivated and talented youth in Tamil Nadu, India. Organ is also a member of the Killerspin Advisory Board.
Early life
Lawrence Organ was born in November 1959 to Leslie and Barbara Organ in Toronto Canada. Their family is Jewish.
Education
Organ earned their B.A. from Glendon College, at York University, Toronto, in 1985.
Controversy
Organ was the topic of a March 27, 2006 Forbes magazine article entitled You Can Surf But You Can't Hide in which the author voiced privacy concerns over ResponderInfo, a product carried by ConsumerBase. That articles lead to discussions in privacy blogs as well as direct marketing sources such as Digital Moses Confidential regarding the lines between privacy and commerce.
References
External links
Exact Data Website
Monster Worldwide, Inc. Website
FastWeb, LLC Website
JobsOnline Website
Acxiom Corporation Website
Forbes article on Larry Organ
Article in ChiefMarketer written by Larry Organ
Article in DM News written by Larry Organ
Clearbrook Board of Directors
1959 births
Living people
20th-century American businesspeople
Businesspeople from Toronto
Langila is one of the most active volcanoes of New Britain, Papua New Guinea. It consists of four overlapping volcanic cones on the eastern flank of an older extinct volcano, Talawe. Talawe is the largest volcano in Cape Gloucester. There have been dozens of recorded eruptions since the 19th century from three separate volcanic craters at the summit of Langila. The most recent eruptive cycle of Langila began in August 2006 and continued into early 2007. Volcanic activity at Langila consists of Strombo-Vulcanian and Vulcanian eruptions and lava flows. Langila is one of the most active volcanoes in the Bismark archipelago. The smallest crater is cratered number 3.
In the times of German New Guinea, this volcano on the island then called Neupommern was known by the name of Ehlers-Berg after the German discoverer and travel author from Hamburg, Otto Ehrenfried Ehlers.
See also
List of volcanoes in Papua New Guinea
References
Active volcanoes
Volcanoes of New Britain
Mountains of Papua New Guinea
Complex volcanoes
Osbald was a king of Northumbria during 796. They were a friend of Alcuin, a bishop from York who often sent them letters of advice.
Osbald was a violent man and most likely a murderer as modern records suggest. On 9 January AD 780, they killed Bearn, the son of King Ælfwald by burning them to death at Selectune (possibly Silton, North Yorkshire). In 793 Alcuin wrote two letters to Osbald urging them to give up their extravagant way of life. They criticised their greedy behaviour, luxurious dress and their pagan hairstyle. They warned them to devote themselves to God because "Luxury in emperors means poverty for the people".
Osbald became king of Northumbria in 796 at a time when it was dissolving into anarchy. They ruled for 27 days before being abandoned by the royal household and deserted by the people. They went into exile in Lindisfarne. Here Alcuin wrote Osbald a letter urging them to become a knight. After Osbald's refusal Alcuin sent another letter. It read:
Shortly afterwards, Osbald sailed to Pictland with their companions, where they were given refuge by Caustantín, King of the Picts.
Osbald gave their name to two places in and around Northumbria:
Osbaldeston, Blackburn
Osbaldwick, York
Osbald died in AD 799 and was buried in an unmarked grave in York Minster.
External links
References
Letter extract and other information from "Osbaldwick: A suburban village" by David Wilde.
8th-century births
799 deaths
Northumbrian monarchs
8th-century English monarchs
Burials at York Minster
Soldiers of the Cross was a multimedia production directed by Joseph Perry, made in Australia by the Limelight Department of the Salvation Army. It premiered in 1900 and toured nationally and internationally until 1920.
The production consisted of film segments and photographic glass slides. It was presented alongside a live evangelistic lecture, given by Commandant Herbert Howard Booth. A 20-30 piece orchestra performed the original score, written by Major Robert McAnally. Historians consider Soldiers of the Cross to be a landmark in production in the development of the Australian film industry.
Soldiers of the Cross included episodes from the life of Christ, as well as stories of early Christian martyrs. It aimed to stir audiences to religious devotion.
The only surviving material from Soldiers of the Cross is a collection of 200 photographic glass slides. These are currently held by the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia.
Production
In 1899, Major Joseph Henry Perry (1863-1943), in collaboration with Commandant Herbert Howard Booth (1862–1926), began working on Soldiers of the Cross. Perry was the head of the Limelight Department, which was the Melbourne-based film studio owned and operated by the Salvation Army. Booth was the Salvation Army Commandant for Australasia. Perry and Booth were convinced that film, an emerging art form, could be used for ‘the salvation and blessing of humankind'. Perry imported from Paris a Lumière Cinématographe—a multipurpose camera, projector and printer—which was used to film Soldiers of the Cross.
Filming took place between June and August in 1900. The film's total budget was £600. Much of the film was shot at the tennis courts attached to Belgrave House, a home owned by the Salvation Army in the Melbourne suburb of Murrumbeena. Various painted backdrops were hung from the tennis court's netting. Other locations included Richmond Baths, Bourke Street, bushland in Murrumbeena. The film was developed at Limelight Department's ‘attic studio and laboratory' behind the Salvation Army Temple in Bourke Street.
Special Effects
Perry made use of special effects, including a papier-mâché lion—with their two young sons as puppeteers. Film historian Eric Reade recounts other techniques, "Stephen was pelted wth cloth stones; Christians who refused to renounce their faith were prodded with cardboard spears to force them to jump into a pit of burning lime. Puffs of smoke rising from the pit were clouds of steam from a boiler, forced through tubing. When the martyrs jumped from a built-up platform representing the lip of the pit, they landed on a mattress conveniently situated on the ground out of camera range".
Format
Soldiers of the Cross was a multimedia production, combining film, photographic slides, music and oration. The production included between thirteen and twenty monochrome one-reel films, each thought to run for less than two minutes. In total, the approximate reel length was 3000 feet. Further, some 200 ‘lantern slides' were a major feature of Soldiers of the Cross. These slides were photographs, printed on glass and hand painted with coloured tint. The slides were projected while the film reels were being changed, and offered a ‘freeze frame' from the previous scene.
This prerecorded material was presented in conjunction with a live oration by Commandant Booth. Their evangelistic ‘lecture' narrated the scenes depicted in film and photograph. According to the Salvation Army, the aim of Booth's speech was, ‘Not to entertain, but to rouse religious thought; the object was not cash, but to recruit cadets for Christ'.
Accompanying Booth's presentation, a 20-30 piece orchestra provided atmospheric music. They performed an original score by Major Robert McAnally, as well known hymns. One such hymn was, ‘Am I a Soldier of the Cross?', by Isaac Watts—the inspiration behind the film's title. The hymns were sung by the Salvation Amy choir, and there are also reports of the audience participation.
Surviving Material
There is very little of the material from Soldiers of the Cross still in existence. None of the film reels survived, and there is no record of Booth's oration. The collection of 200 glass slides was discovered in the U.S, and is now housed in the National Film and Sound Archive. This institution also owns a copy of McAnnally's score.
Release and Tour
Soldiers of the Cross premiered on the 13th of September, 1900, in Melbourne Town Hall. Reade describes opening night as ‘treacherous', ‘the streets were muddy, the pavements slippery'. Yet, a crowd of 4000 people attended. The production then toured around Australia and New Zealand, drawing large crowds, and being adapted as new material was produced.
In 1901, Booth resigned from their Australasian post over a ‘disagreement in policy'. They bought Soldiers of the Cross outright for £300, and took it with them to the U.S, where they toured the production. The film's final screening was in Melbourne Town Hall on November 22, 1920.
Reception
Soldiers of the Cross was met with praise from audiences and critics alike. A 1901 review in the Bendigo Independent claims that Soldiers of the Cross, ‘awoke indescribable feelings in the breasts of the audience'.
A 1901 Daily Telegraph article describes the large and enthusiastic crowds who attended performance of the ‘famous' production, ‘An hour before the advertised starting time the capacious building was uncomfortably crammed, and many were turned away, unable to gain admission'.
The Evening Star, in a 1901 article, describes a similar scene, ‘the building was absolutely crammed with people, and by 8 o'clock there was hardly standing room left.
The Salvation Army itself reported that Soldiers of the Cross exacted an emotional response from audiences, “involuntary interjections, moans of pity, sighs of relief”.
Cast
No professional actors were involved in Soldiers of the Cross, and very little is known about the cast. The ensemble seems to have been constituted mainly of Salvation Army members, as well as members of Joseph Perry's family. Various Salvation Army Cadets acted as Roman Soldiers. One particular Cadet, John Jones, played a Christian Martyr, alongside Lieutenant Colonel Harold Graham. Harold Graham's father played Polycarp. Beatrice Eindeidel, known as Beatrice Day starred as Nero's wife. Perry's two sons, Reg and Orrie, were puppeteers for the papier-mâché lion while their daughter was cast as an infant child.
Plot
Soldiers of the Cross focussed on themes of Christian martyrdom. The film recounted biblical stories from the life of Christ, as well as historical narratives from the lives of significant Christian martyrs. Beyond this, there is little detailed information available regarding the plot of Soldiers of the Cross.
Historical reviews provide some evidence. Several newspaper reviews confirm that Soldiers of the Cross was concerned with stories of Christ's life and martyrdom in the early Church. A 1901 article from The Evening Star describes the film's plot, "the trials and sufferings of the early Christians . . . beginning at the entrance of Christ into Jerusalem, the lecturer conducted the audience through all the most notable events of Christ's life, and then passed over to Rome, where the persecution of Christians under the Roman Empire was depicted and some stirring narratives given of Christian heroism".
Similarly, an article by The Bendigo Independent describes scenes of "horrible torture and awful death" . . . "The terrors of the persecution of the early Christians in Rome, of the heroic deaths at the stake, tales of young girls and boys who nobly preferred death with eternal bliss to life coupled with the worship of idols and the renunciation of Christ".
One article, found in a 1901 edition of The Daily Telegraph, details that Soldiers of the Cross finished with the narrative of Perpetua, a significant Christian martyr who lived in 3rd century Rome.
The surviving glass photographic slides, housed in the National Film and Sound Archive, provide further evidence about the plot of Soldiers of the Cross. Below is a list of some key scenes depicted by these glass slides:
The cityscape of Ancient Jerusalem.
A group of Jewish religious men, gathered in the Temple, being taught by another man—presumably Jesus.
Jesus drives out the money changers from the Temple. (Matthew 21:12-13)
Jesus tried before Pilate. (John 18:28-40)
Peter denying Jesus. (Luke 22:59-62)
Jesus with a crown of thorns. (Matthew 27:29)
Jesus praying in the garden of Gethsemane. (Matthew 26:36-56)
A woman kneels before Jesus.
Jesus sitting with their disciples by a lake.
The last supper. (Matthew 26:17–29)
Judas betrays Jesus. (Mark 14:44-46)
Jesus washes their disciple's feet. (John 13:1–17)
Jesus flogged. (John 19:1)
Jesus carrying their cross. (John 19:16–18)
Jesus nailed to the cross. (Matthew 27:35)
Jesus crucified. (Luke 23:26-43)
The two prisoners crucified with Jesus, a darkened sky behind them. (Matthew 27:38)
Jesus' disciples remove their body from the cross. (John 19:38)
An angel appears to the women who visit Jesus' tomb. (Matthew 28:2)
Jesus' ascension into Heaven. (Acts 1:6-11)
Jesus depicted as a shepherd. (John 10:11)
Jesus depicted as a King, carrying a lamp. (John 8:12)
A dead Saint Stephen, after being stoned.
A martyr being beaten with clubs.
A group of Roman soldiers and another man, blinded by a ray of light and fallen to the ground. Perhaps a reference to Saul's conversion. (Acts 9)
A series of five images depicting a martyr being stoned. In one of the images, a vision of Jesus appears by the martyrs' side.
A man leads a group of Christians in prayer, in the Roman Colosseum.
Jesus' second coming, descending with an army of angels. (Mark 14:62)
Historical Significance
Soldiers of the Cross was a significant production in the history of Australian film. As an early production in the Australian film industry, Soldiers of the Cross was an ambitious project in scope and style. Historians disagree about its exact status. As Pike and Cooper explain, ‘Many claims have been made about Soldiers of the Cross—that it was the first feature film in the world, the first full-length film, the first religious film, the first propaganda film, and even the first ‘spectacle'. Pike and Cooper argue that due to the central role photographic slides play in the production, Soldiers of the Cross is not eligible for any of these titles. Pike and Cooper also state that the Salvation Army itself always referred to the production as a ‘lecture'. Other film historians, such as Reade, disagree with this line of argument. Edmondson credits Soldiers of the Cross as ‘the first film music score', ‘the first message picture' and ‘the first important use of film for the portrayal of drama and narrative story'. Edmondson also argues that the Limelight Department ‘became Australia's first film production studio' thanks to Soldiers of the Cross.
Whatever its exact historical status, historians agree that Soldiers of the Cross was a significant production in the early history of Australian film. Shirley and Adams identify the film as an, ‘early example of narrative cinema that was produced far from the influences of Europe and America, both half a world away'. Similarly, Edmondson claims that the film had a ‘far reaching, if indirect, effect on the embryonic Australian film industry'. Reade goes further, saying that Soldiers of the Cross, ‘strongly influenced the whole world'.
Reconstructions
In July 1973, the Salvation Army hosted a ‘nostalgia evening' in Melbourne, where slides and music from Soldiers of the Cross were showcased.
In 1976, the Film Committee from the Arts Council of Australia presented a reconstruction of Soldiers of the Cross. Surviving slides were projected, interspersed with contemporary film segments which were designed to replicate what the original film may have been. An orchestra performed the original score, conducted by Ken Smith from the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. Keith Richards, a Canberra radio presenter, provided narration and they were joined by historian Ross Cooper, who gave a lecture on the history of Soldiers of the Cross. Reg Perry, who appeared in Soldiers of the Cross and is the son of Joseph Perry, also spoke. Edmondson, who was on the organising committee, explained that the re-construction aimed to "create the proper period atmosphere'', “convey some historical data about the production and its importance'' and to ‘'experience some of the theatrical and emotional power of the original presentation".
See also
Heroes of the Cross, 1909 film, also produced by the Limelight Department.
The Story of the Kelly Gang, 1906 film. Key in the development of Australian cinema.
Passengers Alighting from Ferry Brighton at Manly, 1896 Australian film.
Social Salvation, an 1898 film by Herbert Booth and the Salvation Army.
List of incomplete or partially lost films.
References
External links
Soldiers of the Cross at National Film and Sound Archive
Production details at AusStage
Biographical Details of Joseph Perry at National Centre of Biography.
Australian silent films
1900 films
Limelight Department films
Lost Australian films
Australian black-and-white films
The yellow-headed warbler (Teretistris fernandinae) is a species of bird formerly placed in the family Parulidae, but is now in the Cuban warbler family, Teretistridae. It is endemic to extreme western Cuba and is the sister species to its fellow Cuban endemic, the Oriente warbler, which, as its common name implies, is found in Cuba's east.
Its natural habitats are dry forests and lowland moist forests.
References
Endemic birds of Cuba
Teretistris
Birds described in 1850
Taxa named by Juan Lembeye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
1949 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 43rd water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played one-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
1. Bp. Lokomotív 10, 2. Csepeli MTK 8, 3. MTE 6, 4. KaSE 4, 5. BRE 2, 6. OTI 0 point.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1949 in water polo
1949 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Bernio Enzo Verhagen (born 13 February 1994) is a footballer and con-man who plays as a forward.
Verhagen has been contracted to several different professional football clubs, but never played an official match for a professional team. Danish police have charged Verhagen with rape, robbery, forgery, fraud and fleeing from the police, after their arrival in Viborg FF in November 2019. Since 27 November 2019, Verhagen has been remanded in custody – only interrupted by a 12-hour period as a fugitive after they managed to escape from police. On 24 June 2020, Verhagen was convicted of robbery and battery, but acquitted of rape, and was sentenced to one year and three months in prison and criminal deportation from Denmark. On 18 August 2020, they pleaded guilty to fraud and forgery. On 14 June 2021, they were arrested for fraud in Colombia.
Career
Verhagen briefly played in the youth academy of Dutch Eredivisie club Willem II. Afterwards, they were registered in three different amateur clubs in the Netherlands: TSC Oosterhout, VV Oosterhout and SC Den Dungen.
In 2019, Verhagen signed a contract with Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol in the Moldovan breakaway state of Transnistria, despite only having appeared as an amateur footballer and never having earned a professional contract. Verhagen never made their debut for the club. They left Dinamo-Auto months later, and moved to South African Premier Soccer League club Cape Town City. The club had received recommendations about Verhagen by a person pretending to be the acclaimed Dutch player agent Mo Sinouh from the Stellar Group agency. Again, Verhagen was only at the club for about one month, again without making any appearances, after which they were signed by Chilean club Audax Italiano. They played no matches for Audax Italiano and was only a part of the club for about a month. They since stated that they were subjected to racism by their teammates in Chile. Audax Italiano had been told that they could resell Verhagen to an unspecified Chinese club for $2 million.
On 5 November 2019, Viborg FF presented Verhagen as their new player. Viborg's director of sports, Jesper Fredberg, described Verhagen as a "lightning fast and aggressive player who will fit in well here and can cover all three attacking positions in our tactics". Shortly afterwards, a club statement was issued which said that they had never seen them play before the contract was signed. On 26 November 2019, Viborg FF announced in a press release that the club had terminated Verhagen's contract by mutual agreement and that the club had also reported them to the police. As had happened with Cape Town City, Viborg FF had been persuaded by an agent posing as Mo Sinouh from the renowned agency Stellar Group. Furthermore, Viborg FF had been offered the prospect of selling Verhagen on to Chinese club Hebei Elite with a profit in a short time. Verhagen made no appearances for Viborg FF.
Personal life
Verhagen is a Dutch citizen. They have a daughter in Denmark, but the mother has custody of the child.
Arrest in Colombia
Verhagen arrived at the city of Santa Marta, Colombia on 11 June 2021. According to police authorities, they introduced themselves as a professional player for major football clubs in Europe, showing pictures where they appeared signing contracts, and with team members and wearing their jerseys. Apparently, they spent the next few nights at various luxurious hotels in the city, rented yachts, and dined in exclusive restaurants without paying for any of it, taking advantage of the owners' willingness to receive their supposed endorsement. According to the police chief of the city, Verhagen made reservations via electronic platforms and promised electronic payment due to their lack of cash. They showed electronic bills to demonstrate their payments, and when they appeared as pending they argued that they were delayed due to the fact that they were international transfers. After enjoying the services they cancelled the transactions and left.
Verhagen was finally arrested in the beach of El Rodadero on 14 June 2021, when they attempted to con a number of sexual workers whom they had hired. The women demanded they paid in cash and when they refused the women called on people to help them stop him. Verhagen was about to be lynched when the police arrived. The police arrested them after doing a background check and discovering that they were a conman, attempting similar strategies in other countries.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands requested Verhagen in extradition in August 2021.
References
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Surinamese emigrants to the Netherlands
Surinamese footballers
Dutch footballers
Association football forwards
FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol players
Cape Town City F.C. (2016) players
Audax Italiano footballers
Viborg FF players
Moldovan Super Liga players
South African Premier Division players
Chilean Primera División players
Danish 1st Division players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Mohamed Mustafa Mohamed Ahmed (born 19 February 1996) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Al-Merrikh and the Sudan national football team.
References
1996 births
Living people
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Al-Merrikh SC players
Al-Ahli Club (Atbara) players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Identity is a 2003 American ensemble neo-noir thriller film directed by James Mangold from a screenplay by Michael Cooney. The film stars John Cusack, Ray Liotta, Amanda Peet, Alfred Molina, Clea DuVall and Rebecca De Mornay.
Loosely based on Agatha Christie's 1939 whodunit And Then There Were None, the film follows ten strangers in an isolated hotel, who are temporarily cut off from the rest of the world, and are mysteriously killed off one by one. Several events which take place in the hours before the characters' arrival are introduced at key moments in the film using reverse chronology structure, and in a parallel story, a murderer awaits a verdict at a crucial trial that will determine whether they will be executed for their crimes.
The film grossed $90 million. It received polarized reviews from critics at the time of release, but has since slowly garnered a cult following.
Plot
A convict named Malcolm Rivers awaits execution for a vicious mass murder that took place at an apartment building. Journals belonging to Malcolm are discovered misfiled in the case evidence, not introduced during the trial. Malcolm's psychiatrist, Dr. Malick, and their defense attorney argue to use the evidence to prove Malcolm's insanity.
Meanwhile, ten strangers find themselves stranded in a torrential rainstorm at a remote Nevada motel, run by Larry Washington. The group consists of an ex-cop, now limousine driver, Ed Dakota; Caroline Suzanne, a washed-up, irritable actor; Officer Rhodes, who is transporting convicted murderer Robert Maine; Paris Nevada, a sex worker; newlyweds Lou and Ginny Isiana; and the York family, George, Alice (who was severely injured when Ed accidentally hit them with their limo), and their nine-year-old son, Timmy.
Suzanne is killed by an unknown assailant. Ed discovers Suzanne's head in a dryer, along with the number 10 motel key. Maine is suspected to be the killer as they have escaped. Lou and Ginny get into a fight and Lou is murdered next.
At the hearing, Malcolm's diaries indicate that Malcolm suffers from extreme dissociative identity disorder, harboring eleven distinct personalities. Their defense attorney argues that they are unaware of their crimes, which is in violation of existing Supreme Court rulings on capital punishment. Dr. Malick is introducing the concept of integrating the personalities of someone with dissociative identity disorder as Malcolm is brought in.
While taking photos of Lou's crime scene, Ed finds the number 9 key in Lou's hands. They begin to suspect that the killer is counting down and targeting them in order. Maine fails to escape the motel area, and is subdued by Rhodes and Ed. Maine is killed next. Rhodes and Ed find the number 8 key next to their body, and harass Larry, who takes Paris hostage. Paris wrestles them off, causing Larry to attempt to escape in their truck, but they accidentally crush George against a dumpster as they try to save Timmy from being run over.
Rhodes ties Larry to a chair, and orders the other guests to stay until dawn. Larry convinces Paris and Ed that they are not the perpetrator by telling them how they ended up at the motel. Alice, still in bed, is checked on and presumably has died from their injuries, but Rhodes finds the number 6 key. George's body is recovered and the number 7 key is found in their pocket, which confuses the others.
Ed tells Ginny and Timmy to flee in a car but it explodes. The last four survivors discover that the bodies of all the previous victims have disappeared. Paris has a mental breakdown, revealing their birthday on May 10; it transpires that all eleven people were born on May 10 — which is also Malcolm's birthday, and the day they committed the murders.
Ed checks their ID cards in the office, discovering that each one of them is named after a state, and that their birthdays all match. With Dr. Malick calling out to him, Ed finds they are at the hearing, but is confused as to why they are there. Dr. Malick explains that they are one of the personalities that Malcolm Rivers created as a child. Learning one of the personalities committed the murders, Ed is instructed to "go back" to the motel to try to eliminate them.
As Ed returns to the motel, Paris finds convict-transportation files for both Maine and Rhodes in the police car, revealing Rhodes is a criminal acting as an officer. Rhodes attacks Paris, but they are saved by Larry, who is shot to death by Rhodes. Finally believing Rhodes to be the murderous personality, Ed goes after them and the two men end up shooting each other fatally, leaving only Paris still alive.
With the homicidal personality removed, Malcolm's execution is stayed and they are ordered to be placed in a mental institution under Dr. Malick's care. In Malcolm's mind, Paris settles down in their hometown of Frostproof, Florida. As they tend to their orange grove, they discover the number 1 key buried in the dirt, and finds Timmy behind them It is revealed Timmy orchestrated all of the deaths at the motel, including faking their death. Timmy kills Paris, while Malcolm strangles Malick, causing the van that is en route to the mental institution to swerve off the road and stop before Timmy's voice repeats the poem "Antigonish" by William Hughes Mearns one more time.
Cast
John Cusack as Edward "Ed" Dakota, a limousine driver and a former Los Angeles police officer
Ray Liotta as Samuel Rhodes, an escaped convict masquerading as the correctional officer who was transporting them and Maine
Amanda Peet as Paris Nevada, a sex worker leaving Las Vegas to buy a citrus grove in Florida
John Hawkes as Larry Washington, the motel manager
Clea DuVall as Virginia "Ginny" Isiana, a superstitious newlywed
William Lee Scott as Lou Isiana, Ginny's husband
Rebecca De Mornay as Caroline Suzanne, an '80s Hollywood TV actor chauffeured by Ed
Leila Kenzle as Alice York, a wife and mother who is injured in a car accident
John C. McGinley as George York, Alice's husband and Timmy's stepfather
Bret Loehr as Timothy "Timmy" York, Alice's son and George's stepson
Jake Busey as Robert Maine, Rhodes' fellow inmate still in their prison jumpsuit
Pruitt Taylor Vince as Malcolm Rivers, a convicted mass murderer
Alfred Molina as Dr. Malick, Rivers' psychiatrist
Holmes Osborne as Judge Taylor
Frederick Coffin as Detective Varole
Carmen Argenziano as Defense Lawyer and Attorney
Matt Letscher as Assistant District Attorney
Marshall Bell as District Attorney
Stuart M. Besser as Frozen Body Larry (uncredited)
Production
All filming was undertaken in the United States. Some took place in Lancaster, California and other places in Los Angeles County, while the majority was shot on a sound stage at Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City.
Angelo Badalamenti was originally signed to score the film, but their music was replaced with a new score by Alan Silvestri (Silvestri had previously replaced Badalamenti on 1991's Shattered).
Reception
Critical response
Roger Ebert gave the film three stars out of four and wrote, "I've seen a lot of movies that are intriguing for the first two acts and then go on autopilot with a formula ending. Identity is a rarity, a movie that seems to be on autopilot for the first two acts and then reveals that it was not, with a third act that causes us to rethink everything that has gone before. Ingenious, how simple and yet how devious the solution is."
Mick LaSalle of SFGate reported, "At first, Identity seems like nothing more than a pleasing and blatant homage (i.e., rip-off) to the Agatha Christie-style thriller where marooned guests realize that a murderer is in their midst... we've seen it before. Yet make no mistake. Identity is more than an entertaining thriller. It's a highly original one."
The Village Voice's Dennis Lim wrote of the film's premise, "The premise of the one-rainy-night thriller Identity seems like mothballed Agatha Christie," and of the film's third act twist, "The ultimate cliché of plot-twist implausibility, the crucial revelation is so outlandishly fatuous it might have given Donald Kaufman pause. But there's nothing self-parodic about Identity—the viewer must not only swallow the nullifying third-act bombshell but actually re-engage with the movie on its new, extremely dubious terms."
Brian Mckay of eFilmCritic.com wrote, "This film's cardinal sin was not that it had an engrossing but extremely far-fetched setup to a lackluster resolution—a resolution that probably sounded good during the initial script pitch, but which nobody realized was going to be such a misfire until the production was already at the point of no return. No, what Identity is guilty of most is bad timing—it simply gives away too much, too soon. At about the halfway mark (if not much sooner), the film's big "twist" will finally dawn on you (and if it doesn't, they'll end up coming right out and saying it five minutes later anyway). And once it does, you will no longer care what happens afterward."
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 62% based on 173 reviews, with an average rating of 6.40/10. The site's consensus states: "Identity is a film that will divide audiences—the twists of its plot will either impress or exasperate you." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 64 out of 100 based on 34 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.
Box office performance
Identity opened on April 25, 2003 in the United States and Canada in 2,733 theaters. The film ranked at #1 on its opening weekend, accumulating $16,225,263, with a per theater average of $5,936. The film's five-day gross was $18,677,884.
The film dropped down to #3 on its second weekend, behind newly released X2 and The Lizzie McGuire Movie, accumulating $9,423,662 in a 41.9% drop from its first weekend, and per theater average of $3,448. By its third weekend it dropped down to #4 and made $6,477,585, $2,474 per theater average.
Identity went on to gross $52.1 million in the United States and Canada and $38.1 million overseas. In total, the film has grossed over $90 million worldwide, making it a box office success against its $28 million budget.
Accolades
The film was nominated for Best Action, Adventure or Thriller Film and Best DVD Special Edition Release at 30th Saturn Awards, but lost to Kill Bill Volume 1 and The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, respectively.
References
Further reading
External links
2003 films
2003 horror films
2000s mystery films
2003 psychological thriller films
American mystery thriller films
American nonlinear narrative films
American psychological horror films
American psychological thriller films
Films about dissociative identity disorder
2000s English-language films
Fiction with unreliable narrators
Films based on And Then There Were None
Films directed by James Mangold
Films produced by Cathy Konrad
Films scored by Alan Silvestri
Films set in hotels
Films set in Nevada
Films shot in California
Films shot in Los Angeles
Columbia Pictures films
2000s American films
The 1994 Paris–Tours was the 88th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 2 October 1994. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Erik Zabel of the Telekom team.
General classification
References
1994 in French sport
1994
Paris-Tours
1994 in road cycling
October 1994 sports events in Europe
Paul Lyons (born 24 June 1977) is an English former footballer who played as a defender or midfielder.
Lyons was part of the Youth Training Scheme at Manchester United and played alongside players like Phil Neville, David Johnson and Phil Mulryne. In August 1994, they signed a professional contract with United but until their departure a year later they played no role in the first team and did not take part in the successful FA Youth Cup team of 1994–95.
In July 1995, they went for a trial with Third Division side Rochdale and was signed. In the spring of 1996, they made three appearances in the league. That summer, they received a short-term professional contract, but the 1996–97 season saw them no longer part of the matchday squad under new manager Graham Barrow and they left the club during the season.
References
1977 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Rochdale A.F.C. players
English Football League players
In enzymology, phenylpyruvate tautomerase or Macrophage migration inhibitory factor () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
keto-phenylpyruvate enol-phenylpyruvate
Phenylpyruvate tautomerase has also been found to exhibit the same keto-enol tautomerism for 4-Hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid, which is structurally similar to phenylpyruvate but contains an additional hydroxyl moiety in the para position of the aromatic ring.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting keto- and enol-groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is phenylpyruvate keto---enol-isomerase. This enzyme is also called phenylpyruvic keto-enol isomerase. This enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism and phenylalanine metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 7 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.3.2
Enzymes of known structure
Albert Naughton (19 January 1929 – 27 September 2013), also known by the nickname of "Ally", was an English World Cup winning professional rugby league footballer who played as a or in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
They played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Lancashire, and at club level for Widnes and Warrington (captain).
Background
Ally Naughton's birth was registered in Prescot district, Lancashire, England. They retired to live in the Isle of Man, and they died aged 84 in Onchan, Isle of Man.
Playing career
International honours
Naughton won caps for England while at Warrington in 1953 against France (2 matches), in 1956 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in the 1954 Rugby League World Cup against France (2 matches).
Naughton played left-, i.e. number 4 Great Britain's 13-13 draw with France in the 1954 Rugby League World Cup second group match at Stade Municipal, Toulouse on Sunday 7 November 1954, and Great Britain's 16-12 victory over France in the 1954 Rugby League World Cup Final at Parc des Princes, Paris on Saturday 13 November 1954.
Mick Sullivan moved from to replace Frank Kitchen on the for Great Britain's 13-13 draw with France in the 1954 Rugby League World Cup second group match at Stade Municipal, Toulouse on Sunday 7 November 1954, and Great Britain's 16-12 victory over France in the 1954 Rugby League World Cup Final at Parc des Princes, Paris on Saturday 13 November 1954, with Ally Naughton replacing Mick Sullivan at left-, i.e. number 4.
Naughton also represented Great Britain while at Warrington between 1952 and 1956 against France (2 non-Test matches).
Championship Final appearances
Naughton played in Warrington's 11-26 defeat by Workington Town in the Championship Final during the 1950–51 season, the 7-3 victory over Oldham in the Championship Final during the 1954–55 season at Maine Road on Saturday 14 May 1955, and played in the 10-25 defeat by Leeds in the Championship Final during the 1960–61 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford, this was also their last match for Warrington.
Challenge Cup Final appearance
Naughton played left-, i.e. number 4, in Warrington's 19-0 victory over Widnes in the 1949–50 Challenge Cup Final during the 1949–50 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 6 May 1950, in front of a crowd of 94,249, but was injured with an aggravated calf injury for both the 4-4 draw with Halifax in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup Final during the 1953–54 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 1 May 1954, and the 18-4 victory in the 1953–54 Challenge Cup Final replay during the 1953–54 season at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Wednesday 5 May 1954 in front of a 102,569+ crowd, they were replaced by a young Jim Challinor.
Naughton was on the winning side against their older brother John "Johnny" Naughton, the Widnes , in the Challenge Cup Final during the 1949–50 season.
County Cup Final appearances
Albert Naughton played left-, i.e. number 4, and scored a try in Warrington's 5-28 defeat by Wigan in the 1950–51 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1950–51 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 4 November 1950, and played in the 5-4 victory over St. Helens in the 1959–60 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1954–55 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 31 October 1959.
Club career
Naughton became the most expensive player in rugby league when they left Widnes for Warrington for £4,600 during the 1949–50 season, based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £396,900 in 2016), they made their début for the Warrington in a friendly match in France, before making their competitive début, and scoring a try in the 17-0 victory over Whitehaven at Wilderspool Stadium.
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Naughton was inducted into the Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame in 2006 alongside Parry Gordon and George Thomas.
Genealogical information
Naughton's marriage to Deirdre "De" (née Farrell) was registered during third ¼ 1956 in Prescot district. Albert Naughton was the younger brother of the rugby league who played in the 1940s and 1950s for Widnes; John "Johnny" Naughton (born 5 January 1920 in Prescot district), Teresa "Tess" Naughton (birth registered during fourth ¼ 1921 in Prescot district), and rugby league footballer, Daniel "Danny" Naughton.
Outside of rugby league
Naughton took over from Harry Bath as landlord of the Britannia Inn, Scotland Road, Warrington during February 1957.
References
External links
R.L. Final Replay In England
Rugby League: Sculthorpes Can't Lose
(archived by web.archive.org) Lee Briers joins the 100 club
(archived by web.archive.org) Swinging 60s by Alan Domville
Warrington's World Cup heroes – Albert Naughton
Photograph "A new ground record - The 1950 Challenge Cup Semi-final between Warrington and Leeds set a new attendance record for Odsal of 69,898. Warrington defeated Leeds in the game by 16 points to 4. - 01/01/1950" at www.rlhp.co.uk
(archived by archive.is) RFL celebrates Great Britain's 1954 World Cup success
Statistics at rugby.widnes.tv
Albert Naughton, Warrington Wolves' last Championship-winning captain, dies aged 84
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
Photograph of Albert Naughton
1929 births
2013 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Prescot
Warrington Wolves players
Widnes Vikings players
Operation Cleaver, as labelled in a report by American firm Cylance Inc. in late 2014, was a cyberwarfare covert operation targeting critical infrastructure organizations worldwide, allegedly planned and executed by Iran.
Cylance's report was later tacitly acknowledged in a confidential report by Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), though Iranian officials denied involvement in the operation.
Cylance report
In December 2014, California-based cybersecurity firm Cylance Inc. published results of a 2-year investigation, an 86-page technical report, indicating that an operation, called "Operation Cleaver", has targeted the military, oil and gas, energy and utilities, transportation, airlines, airports, hospitals and aerospace industries organizations worldwide.
The title "Operation Cleaver" alludes to frequent uses of the word "cleaver" in the malware's coding.
According to the report, over 50 entities in 16 countries have been hit by the campaign, based in the United States, Israel, China, Saudi Arabia, India, Germany, France and England among others.
Cylance's research does not name individual companies, but Reuters reports citing "a person familiar with the research" Navy Marine Corps Intranet, Calpine, Saudi Aramco, Pemex, Qatar Airlines and Korean Air were among the specific targets.
Stuart McClure, Cylance founder and CEO believes that the hackers are sponsored by Iran and have ties to Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
FBI report
According to Reuters, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has filed a confidential "Flash" report, providing technical details about malicious software and techniques used in the attacks. The technical document said the hackers typically launch their attacks from two IP addresses that are in Iran, but does not attribute the attacks to the Iranian government. FBI warned businesses to stay vigilant and to report any suspicious activity spotted on the companies' computer systems.
Alleged victims' reaction
A Pemex spokesperson said the company had not detected any attacks from the Iranian groups but was constantly monitoring.
Muhammad Haneef Rana, a spokesperson for Pakistan International Airlines, said they aren't aware of any threat from hackers and “We are well secured and our firewall is in place”.
Korean Air declined to comment.
Iran's reaction
Iran has officially denied involvement in the hacking campaign. "This is a baseless and unfounded allegation fabricated to tarnish the Iranian government image, particularly aimed at hampering current nuclear talks", said Hamid Babaei, spokesperson for Permanent mission of Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations.
See also
Cyberwarfare in Iran
References
External links
Cylance Operation Cleaver Report
Cyberwarfare in Iran
Cyberwarfare in the United States
Cyberattacks
Hacking in the 2010s
Cyberattacks on energy sector
Cybercrime in India
Albania (ALB) competed at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, from the 22 June to 1 July 2018 and was represented by the Albanian National Olympic Committee (KOKSH).
Medalists
Swimming
Albania competed in swimming.
Men
Women
References
Mediterranean Games
2018
Albania
Alfred Rowland House, also known as Riverwood, is a historic home located at Lumberton, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built between 1875 and 1880, and is a two-story, cross-gable, side-hall plan, transitional Italianate / Greek Revival style frame dwelling. The front facade features an engaged, double-tier, pedimented porch.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1880
Houses in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
is a private junior college in Kiyotake, Miyazaki, Japan, established in 1965.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Miyazaki Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1965 establishments in Japan
Interbrew is subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV is based in Breda, Netherlands. It has one subsidiary, Ambev S.A. of São Paulo, Brazil.
Brands
Interbrew brands have historically included Budweiser, Stella Artois, Boddingtons, Beck's, Staropramen, Bass and Leffe, although many have spun off to their own companies including Bass, which is now owned by Molson Coors.
History
Having its roots in Leuven, Interbrew was formed in 1987 when Brouwerij Artois, the Flemish brewers of Stella Artois (established before 1366) merged with Walloon-based brewer Piedboeuf. International expansion began when Interbrew acquired the notable Canadian brand Labatt. The transaction also included Labatt's assets, which included the Toronto Blue Jays baseball club, the Toronto Argonauts football club, and The Sports Network (the latter being immediately resold to NetStar Communications due to Canadian media ownership regulations).
In 2000, Interbrew acquired Bass and Whitbread in the UK. In December 2000, the company issued an IPO.
In 2001, the company entered Germany with the acquisition of Diebels and also acquired Beck's & Co. that year.
In 2004, Interbrew merged with Brazilian brewer AmBev to form InBev, becoming the largest brewer in the world by volume, with approximately 14% global market share. Before the merger with AmBev, Interbrew was the third largest in the world by volume, and AmBev was the fifth largest. In 2008, InBev further merged with American brewer Anheuser-Busch to form Anheuser-Busch InBev (abbreviated AB InBev). Interbrew became a division of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV after the latter acquired SABMiller in October 2016.
See also
Paul De Keersmaeker
References
External links
Main page of the company
Interbrew buys AmBev and becomes world number one
AB InBev
Breweries of Flanders
Companies based in Leuven
Breweries of Belgium
Defunct breweries
Defunct food and drink companies of Belgium
Companies based in North Brabant
Breda
HD 152079 is a star in the constellation Ara and has one planet, discovered in 2010.
See also
HD 129445
HD 164604
HD 175167
HD 86226
List of extrasolar planets
References
G-type main-sequence stars
152079
082632
CD-46 11085
Ara (constellation)
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
James Aggrey Siang'a ( – 9 September 2016) was a Kenyan footballer. Also active as a football manager, they coached throughout Africa at both the club and national level, and coached Kenyan club side Gor Mahia.
Career
Playing career
Siang'a played as a goalkeeper and played at international level for Kenya. They played for Kenya at the 1972 African Cup of Nations finals.
Coaching career
Siang'a managed Kenya between 1999 and 2000. Siang'a then moved to Tanzania, where they were manager of the Tanzanian national team in 2002. Siang'a also managed Tanzanian club sides Simba SC and Moro United, as well as Express FC in Uganda. In October 2004, while at Moro United, Siang'a was approached to take over as manager of the Kenyan national team, but they refused. Later that same month, Siang'a was also approached to become manager of the Tanzanian national team; once again, they refused. Siang'a also coached Mtibwa Sugar in Tanzania, before becoming coach of Gor Mahia in Kenya.
Honours
CECAFA Clubs Cup – Simba SC (2002)
References
External links
1949 births
2016 deaths
Kenyan footballers
Kenya international footballers
1972 African Cup of Nations players
Gor Mahia F.C. players
Kenyan football managers
Kenya national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Tanzania
Tanzania national football team managers
Association football goalkeepers
Kenyan expatriate football managers
Kenyan expatriate sportspeople in Tanzania
Expatriate football managers in Uganda
Kenyan expatriate sportspeople in Uganda
Simba S.C. managers
Captain Bernard Paul Gascoigne Beanlands (9 September 1897 – 8 May 1919) was a Canadian World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.
Early life
Bernard Paul Gascoigne Beanlands was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada on 9 September 1897. They were a minister's son; Canon Beanlands was rector of Christ Church Cathedral in Victoria. Beanlands' mother was Laura Maud Hills. Both parents predeceased their son.
The younger Beanlands was educated at Oundle School and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst before joining the Hampshire Regiment in December 1914, in the first few months of World War I.
World War I
On 3 March 1916, Beanlands was promoted to lieutenant in the Hampshires. On 31 May 1916, they were forwarded as a second lieutenant to be a Flying Officer with the Royal Flying Corps. On 1 September 1916, they were promoted to temporary lieutenant while serving with the RFC. Five days later, they scored their first aerial victory, killing aces Hans Rosencrantz and Wilhelm Fahlbusch in their reconnaissance two-seater. On 1 December 1916 they were appointed as Flight Commander, with a promotion to temporary captain.
They transferred postings to 24 Squadrons, where they scored eight more victories between 25 August 1917 and 18 March 1918. On 11 April 1918, they were reported wounded in action in Flight magazine. By that time, they had won the Military Cross, which was gazetted 25 April 1918:
...He has brought down three enemy aeroplanes out of control and driven down several others over the enemy lines.
List of aerial victories
Beanlands' first victory was scored while they were with 70 Squadrons. The rest of their triumphs came with 24 Squadrons.
Post World War I
Bernard Paul Gascoigne Beanlands survived the war, only to die in a flying accident at RAF Northolt on 8 May 1919. They were buried in the northwest corner of the new ground in the cemetery of their father's home parish, at Sevenoaks (St. Nicholas) Churchyard, Kent, England.
References
1897 births
1919 deaths
Canadian military personnel from British Columbia
Canadian World War I flying aces
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in England
People educated at Oundle School
Royal Hampshire Regiment officers
Royal Flying Corps officers
Recipients of the Military Cross
Kim Hak-sun ( born on 24 December 1970) is a South Korean actor. They made their acting debut in 2000 in theaters, since then, they have appeared in number of plays, films and television series. They got recognition for their supporting roles in Fight for My Way (2017), Black Dog: Being A Teacher (2019), Do You Like Brahms? (2020), Voice (2021) and Crazy Love (2022). They have acted in films such as: Vanishing Time: A Boy Who Returned (2016), Winter's Night (2018), Juror 8 (2019) among others.
Career
Kim Hak-sun is affiliated to artist management company Star Weave Entertainment since February 2022, which has acquired Entertainment O, to which they were originally affiliated.
After their compulsory military service, Kim Hak-sun joined a pungmul troupe as a manager. Later they attended the Performing Arts Academy and began to perform as an actor with Yeonwoo Theater. They debuted in 2002 in films with a role in Hong Sang-soo's On the Occasion of Remembering the Turning Gate, and also appeared in the The Magicians (2005). They got recognition by playing roles in A Million (2009), Juror 8 (2019), Moonlit Winter (2019) and #ALIVE (2020). They have also appeared in TV series such as Signal (2016), Fight for My Way (2017), Something in the Rain (2018) and in the second season of Stranger (2020). They also did some roles alongside their actor wife Kim Jung-young in Merry Christmas Mr. Mo and Oh! My Gran, and as a couple in TV series Heard It Through the Grapevine (2015).
Filmography
Films
Television series
Theater
References
External links
Kim Hak-sun on Play DB
Kim Hak-sun on KMDb
Kim Hak-sun on Daum
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
Living people
1970 births
South Korean stage actors
Zhide may refer to:
Worth It (album), known as Zhide in Mandarin, a 1996 Mandopop album by Sammi Cheng
Historical eras
Zhide (至德, 583–586), era name used by Chen Shubao, emperor of the Chen dynasty
Zhide (至德, 756–758), era name used by Emperor Suzong of Tang
The Honduras national under-23 football team represents Honduras in international football competitions (finals stage and qualifiers) in Olympic Games and Pan American Games. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except for three over-age players. The team is controlled by the Federación Nacional Autónoma de Fútbol de Honduras (FENAFUTH). Honduras have qualified for five Men's Olympic Football Tournaments, in Sydney 2000, Beijing 2008, London 2012, Rio de Janeiro 2016 and Tokyo 2020.
Results and fixtures
2021
Head-to-head record
Includes data from CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament and Summer Olympics only
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
List of managers since 1975 to present:
1975: Peter Lange
1983: Roberto González
1986–1987: Ángel Rodríguez
1991: Luis López
1991–1992: Flavio Ortega
1999–2000: Ramón Maradiaga
2003–2004: Edwin Pavón
2007–2008: Alexis Mendoza
2008: Gilberto Yearwood
2011: Miguel Falero
2012–2014: Luis Suárez
2015–2017: Jorge Pinto
2019: Fabián Coito
2021: Miguel Falero
Players
Current squad
The following 22 players were called up for the 2020 Summer Olympics, and two preceding friendly matches against Japan and Germany.
* Over-aged player.
Honours
Major competitions
Pan American Games
Silver medalists (2): 1999, 2019
CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Tournament
Winners (2): 2000, 2008
Runners-up (3): 2012, 2015, 2020
Third place (1): 2004
Records
Top goalscorers
(If the section features an image, remove the columned formatting)
Competitive record
Olympic Games
CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament
Pan American Games
See also
Sport in Honduras
Football in Honduras
Honduras national football team
References
External links
Honduras national under-23 football team – official website
Men's Olympic Football Tournament: Honduras at FIFA.com
Central American national under-23 association football teams
Under-23
Honduras at the Olympic Football Tournament
H1 histone family, member 0 is a member of the histone family of nuclear proteins which are a component of chromatin. In humans, this protein is encoded by the H1F0 gene.
References
Vozneseni is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of three villages: Troian, Troița and Vozneseni.
References
Communes of Leova District
Bulgarian communities in Moldova
Clinton Browning (born 7 March 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and East Fremantle in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).
Browning was a versatile key position player from Mingenew and started out at East Fremantle as a full-forward. A Lynn Medalist in 1984, they were easily the most prominent forward in the 1985 WAFL Grand Final, with six goals, to help East Fremantle defeat Subiaco. The following year, Browning was recruited to Hawthorn but could not break into the team and returned home.
Despite being aged 27, Browning was signed by West Coast in 1989 and finally got their chance to play VFL football. They had just eight disposals on debut against North Melbourne but kicked two goals the following round against Brisbane at Carrara. After playing in a loss to Fitzroy, Browning didn't return for five weeks, when they kicked two goals at Subiaco Oval against Collingwood.
After being delisted, they continued their WAFL career but mostly in the new role of full-back, a position in which they starred in the 1992 premiership team and won the Simpson Medal. They represented Western Australia at interstate football on three occasions.
References
Holmesby, Russell and Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.
1962 births
Living people
West Coast Eagles players
East Fremantle Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Western Australian State of Origin players
Yuriy Malyhin (; born 29 April 1971 in Voroshylovhrad) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian footballer and Ukrainian football manager.
 They are a son of Volodymyr Malyhin.
Following the 2014 Russian aggression against Ukraine, Malyhin serves as a football functionary on the Russian occupied territories.
External links
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Luhansk
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Shakhtar Stakhanov players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC Stal Alchevsk players
FC Mariupol players
FC Kristall Smolensk players
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Dynamo Stavropol players
FC Hirnyk Rovenky players
FC Polissya Zhytomyr players
FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC Zorya Luhansk managers
FC Komunalnyk Luhansk managers
FC Hirnyk-Sport Horishni Plavni managers
FC Poltava managers
FC Nistru Otaci managers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate football managers in Moldova
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Moldovan Super Liga managers
FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod players
Alexis 'Lexi' Brasseur (26 December 1860 – 3 November 1924) was a Luxembourgeois playwright, composer, and metallurgist.
Born in Luxembourg City as the oldest son of Dominique Brasseur, Brasseur attended the Athénée de Luxembourg. They followed this by studying law at the University of Bonn, where they met Batty Weber. Brasseur received their doctorate in Luxembourg in 1886, and was called to the bar, but showed little interest in working in the law. They turned to metallurgy, like their father and uncle Pierre.
In 1894, they had written a comedy with Batty Weber called De Monoonk Phëlpp. In 1907, they moved to Paris, staying there for four years. Brasseur died in Luxembourg City on 3 November 1924.
Alexis Brasseur was a member of the prominent Brasseur family. Their father, Dominique, was a deputy (1866 – 99) and mayor of Luxembourg City (1891 – 94). Their brother, Robert, was a deputy and founded the Liberal League. Alexis Brasseur married Jeanne Bian (1869–1960), sister of the liberal deputy Félix Bian and industrialist Émile Bian. They had three children.
Footnotes
References
1860 births
1924 deaths
Luxembourgian composers
Luxembourgian writers
Luxembourgian businesspeople
Alumni of the Athénée de Luxembourg
University of Bonn alumni
People from Luxembourg City
Lyudmila Borisova (; born 3 August 1966) is a retired Soviet and Russian runner who specialized in the 3000 metres.
They hold the current world record in the rarely contested 4 x 800 metres relay (7:50.17 minutes with Nadezhda Olizarenko, Lyubov Gurina and Irina Podyalovskaya).
International competitions
References
1966 births
Living people
Russian female middle-distance runners
Russian female long-distance runners
Soviet female middle-distance runners
Soviet female long-distance runners
Olympic female middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Russia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Competitors at the 1991 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
World Athletics Championships athletes for the Soviet Union
Russian Athletics Championships winners
Soviet Athletics Championships winners
World Athletics record holders (relay)
The Saltukids or Saltuqids (Modern Turkish: Saltuklu Beyliği ) were a dynasty ruling one of the Anatolian beyliks founded after the Battle of Manzikert (1071) and centered on Erzurum. The Saltukids ruled between 1071 and 1202. The beylik was founded by Emir Saltuk, one of the Turkmen commanders of the Great Seljuk Alp Arslan. The beylik fought frequently against the Georgian Kingdom for hegemony of the Kars region. The center of the beylik, Erzurum, was occupied by the Byzantine Empire between 1077 and 1079, and was besieged by the Georgian King Giorgi III in 1184. It comprised the entirety of present-day Erzurum and Bayburt provinces, lands east of Erzincan, most of Kars, and lands north of Ağrı and Muş provinces during its height.
Origin
The first known Saltukid is Ali, who was ruler of Erzurum in 1103. Their son and successor was Saltuk, who succeeded them sometime after 1123. Saltuk had a female relative, a daughter or sister, who married Shah-i- Armind of Akhlat, Sukman II.
In 1132, Ali's son Izz al-Din Saltuk became malik. Izz al-Din was defeated captured in 1154 by Georgians, led by Dimitri I. They would be ransomed by Sökmen of the Artuqids, who later married a daughter of Izz al-Din. In 1161, Izz al-Din along with other Turkish allies besieged the Georgians at Ani, but was defeated. They sent a daughter to marry Kilij Arslan II, but they were captured by the Danishmendid Yağıbasan and married off to their nephew.
The Saltukid dynasty is also notable for having a woman, Melike Mama Hatun, sister of Nasiruddin Muhammed, directly administering its realm for an estimated nine years, between 1191 and 1200. They were later dethroned by the Beys and replaced by their son Malik-Shah once they had started searching for a husband among the Mamluk nobility. Mama Hatun built an impressive caravanserai in the town of Tercan, where their mausoleum also stands. Tercan itself used to be called "Mamahatun", and is sometimes still called as such locally.
The name of the ruling dynasty of the beylik should not be confused with that of Sarı Saltuk, a Turkish mystic and saint; who is of later date, more associated with western Anatolia and the Balkans (especially Dobruja), and to whom the epic Saltuknâme is dedicated. The last ruler of the Saltukids, Alaeddin Muhammed, was dethroned and imprisoned by the Sultan of Rum Süleymanshah II during Süleymanshah's Georgian rout in 1202, and the Saltukid beylik was subsequently annexed by the Sultanate of Rum.
Architecture
The beys of Saltuk left important works of architecture such as the Tepsi Minare in Erzurum and the caravanserai in Mama Hatun.
Rulers
Saltuk I (1071–1102)
Ali (1102–1124)
Muzaffer Gazi (1124–1132)
Izzeddin Saltuk II (1132–1168)
Nasiruddin Muhammed (1168–1191)
Melike Mama Hatun (1191–1200)
Alaeddin Muhammed (1200–1202)
Notes
References
(Book cover)
External links
Anatolian beyliks
History of Erzurum Province
States and territories established in 1072
Sunni dynasties
Turkic dynasties
Benjamín Alfonso Tagle Lara (23 June 1892 – 9 November 1932) was an Argentine lyricist and composer of tangos who achieved popularity in the 1920s.
Career
Tagle Lara began writing songs around 1920. In 1923 musicians Carlos Gardel and José Razzano recorded "Cocorocó", composed by Tagle Lara and Enrique Delfino. The following year, the zamba "El boyero" (later renamed "Por el camino"), which they composed in 1922 with music by pianist Carlos Vicente Geroni Flores, premiered in Montevideo's Concurso de Canciones Regionales ("Regional Song Contest"), performed by Ítalo Goyeche and Néstor Feria. The song would later make its way to Spain, where it was popularized by the singers Agustín Irusta, Roberto Fugazot, and Lucio Demare, earning praise from the prominent Sevillian musician Joaquín Turina.
Tagle Lara composed a number of songs with fellow musician Geroni Flores, many of which were performed by the Argentine singer Ignacio Corsini, including "Acordes", "Como lloran los zorzales", "¡Huella... Huella!", "Pillería", "Siempre amigos" and "La tropilla". Corsini also recorded Tagle Lara's tangos, "Guitarra gaucha" and "Zaraza", as well as the song "¿Cuándo?" in collaboration with their brother Alfonso Corsini. Tagle Lara's songs were also performed by Azucena Maizani ("Pancho, comprate un rancho"), and Rosita Quiroga, who in 1927 performed their "Puente Alsina".
The duo Magaldi and Noda helped further popularize Tagle Lara's music by featuring it on their 1926 record "Trapo Viejo", which both saw wide radio broadcast and was performed live at Pascual Contursi's "Maldito cabaret" ("Cursed cabaret") in Buenos Aires' Teatro Smart (today the Multiteatro theatre complex). Their tango "Una tarde" (1928), with music by composers Agesilao Ferrazzano and Julio Pollero, was recorded both by the composers' sextet and by Carlos Gardel, arguably the most prominent figure in the history of tango.
"Zaraza", which Tagle Lara composed alone, was awarded the second prize of the Gran Concurso Uruguayo de Tangos del Disco Nacional ("Uruguayan Grand Tango Contest") of 1929, performed by Francisco Canaro's orchestra at the Cine Teatro Cervantes in Montevideo. The song was later recorded by such singers as Ignacio Corsini, the Romanian singer Christian Vasile, and the Argentine actor and singer Sofía Bozán, who performed the song in Paris in 1930.
Benjamín Alfonso Tagle Lara collaborated with such composers as Francisco Pracánico, Roberto Firpo, Antonio Rodio, Rafael Tuegols, and Eduardo Pereyra during their lifetime.
Tagle Lara died in Buenos Aires, Argentina on November 9, 1932, at the age of 40.
References
del Greco, Orlando. "Benjamín Tagle Lara." To-do Tango. Retrieved on March 29, 2016.
García Blaya, Ricardo. "Benjamín Tagle Lara." To-do Tango. Retrieved on March 29, 2016.
Argentine songwriters
Male songwriters
1892 births
1932 deaths
Argentine lyricists
20th-century male musicians
WMYX-FM (99.1 MHz) is a commercial radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Calling itself "99.1 The Mix," it was the first station in the U.S. to use the "Mix" moniker. WMYX-FM has been airing roughly the same hot adult contemporary radio format since late 1981. The station is owned by Audacy, Inc., along with sister stations WXSS-FM and WSSP. WMYX's studios and transmitter are co-located in Hales Corners. The playlist consists of current hits and recent hits from the 2000s and 2010s. WMYX is responsible for the activation of the Milwaukee metropolitan area Emergency Alert System.
WMYX-FM broadcasts in the HD Radio format, with its HD-2 sub-channel carrying a soft oldies format known as "MeTV FM." The HD-3 sub-channel airs a regional Mexican format branded as “Caliente 97.9”, which is relayed on translator 97.9 W250BN.
History
WEMP-FM
On November 1, 1962, the station signed on as WEMP-FM, owned by the Milwaukee Broadcasting Company. At first, the station simulcast co-owned AM sister station WEMP, but by the late 1960s, WEMP-FM was airing its own programming for about half of its broadcast day. In 1970, the station flipped to its own full-time format: "WNUW Stereo FM," as an automated oldie format. Then it tried an Adult Top 40 format, followed by album-oriented rock known as "X-Rock 99."
Later, it switched to easy listening music. On October 31, 1978, the station flipped to "Disco 99" and played all-disco music. WNUW was the first disco station in Milwaukee, pre-dating WLUM's launch into the format four months later in February 1979. WNUW's run as a disco outlet lasted less than 10 months. Afterward, it became known as "Music FM 99" again, this time with a disco-leaning Top 40 hits format.
Adult contemporary
In 1981, the station switched to AC with the call sign WMYX using the moniker "99 WMYX The Mix." During the 1980s and the 1990s, WMYX's playlist featured a mixture of Hot AC, Soft AC and dance/pop songs.
During the 1996 and 1997 NFL seasons when the Green Bay Packers went to the Super Bowl, the station gained fame when morning hosts Dan Weber and Jane Matenaer recorded parody songs with Packer and football themes. The most famous was the "Packarena" (parody of Los Del Rio's "Macarena"). The song was played heavily on the station during the 1996 season. For the 1997 season, Dan & Jane recorded a parody of "Wannabe" by the Spice Girls under the name "Packer Wannabe." Cassette tapes were sold of the songs at various southeast Wisconsin locations with proceeds going to the Child Abuse Prevention Fund.
Hot AC
When sister station WAMG switched to Top 40 and became WXSS in June 1998, WMYX evolved into a standard Hot AC format with a more focused playlist. In September 2004, longtime morning co-host Dan Weber was replaced with WXSS morning hosts Michael Knight and Rahny Taylor in an airstaff shakeup. Jane Matenaer remained on board with Knight and Taylor. At the same time, longtime afternoon host Mark Richards was replaced by crosstown WKTI-FM evening host Kidd O'Shea. Taylor returned to WXSS soon after. Knight was let go due to differences with management, and Kidd O'Shea was promoted from Afternoon drive time to Mornings.
The "Jane & Kidd In The Morning Show" won the 2006 AIR Award for favorite Milwaukee morning radio show. On May 15, 2009, longtime co-host Jane Matenaer was released from WMYX. Soon after, Elizabeth Kay, who had sometimes filled in for Matenaer when they were gone, joined Kidd O'Shea for the morning show. The show was known as "Kidd and Elizabeth in the Morning." Later, Tony "Radar" Hess was hired to replace Kidd O'Shea, with the show renamed "Elizabeth and Radar."
Christmas music
From 2003-2011, "The Mix" aired Christmas music from November through Christmas Day every year. WRIT-FM began competing with WMYX on a yearly basis starting in 2005, when it switched to a Christmas format during the holiday season. In 2007, the holiday format started unusually early, as WMYX began its Christmas music programming on November 1. The move paid off, with WMYX becoming the highest rated music station in Milwaukee during that two-month time period.
In 2008, WMYX went All-Christmas on October 31 (Halloween) at 3:21 p.m. after crosstown Christmas rival WRIT started playing Christmas music at 3:13 p.m. In 2009, WMYX began Christmas programming at roughly 7:00 p.m. on November 13. WRIT made the switch about 20 minutes later. In 2010, WMYX lost its title as the leading Milwaukee-area Christmas station when rival WRIT switched at approximately 5:15 p.m. on November 18. WMYX waited to air the all-Christmas music format until 12:00 a.m. on November 22. In 2011, WMYX switched around 5:00 p.m. on November 10. WRIT followed shortly after at 5:55 p.m.
WMYX decided not to air the Christmas music format in 2012 for the first time in a decade. This resulted in a backlash on the station's Facebook page from angry listeners who considered WMYX's "Christmas Mix" a holiday tradition. Instead, WMYX provided a streaming channel of Christmas music on its web site and integrated a few Christmas songs into the station's regular playlist. Meanwhile, WRIT often referred to itself as "Milwaukee's Only Christmas Music Station." WMYX later did play a set of All-Christmas music, from Noon on Christmas Eve through Christmas Day.
For several years in the 2000s, 99.1 would jokingly "stunt" for an hour after ending the Christmas music, playing on radio fans on online industry message boards who would often predict a format flip on December 26, no matter WMYX's ratings standing and listener loyalty. In 2003, WMYX ran several liners alluding to a format change, including playing a few non-AC songs. In 2004, "Magic 99" was on for an hour, playing a mix of smooth jazz and light instrumentals (before the announcer gave up mid-liner and gave away the joke). In 2006, WMYX briefly flipped to Contemporary Christian music, similar to K-Love and the then-independent WFZH, calling itself "Spirit 99."
HD2 sub-channel
WMYX's HD2 subchannel formerly carried a blues music format called "The Delta." In 2017, Radio Disney returned to Milwaukee through a leased access agreement in several markets between Entercom and The Walt Disney Company. Until 2013, the Radio Disney network had been heard on WKSH (1640; currently Relevant Radio station WSJP).
Radio Disney programming ended in mid-August 2018, when Entercom and Envision Networks entered an agreement for WMYX-HD2 to begin carrying Weigel Broadcasting's MeTV FM. Officially, it serves as a repeater of the audio of television station WRME-LD in Chicago, which operates a side-channel analog audio stream on channel 6 audible through 87.7 FM on analog radios in Chicago under special FCC authorization. Through the Audacy app, it is available nationwide, thus freeing Weigel from the responsibility of hosting the audio stream of WRME-LD otherwise.
The HD2 subchannel is cross-promoted through MeTV owned-and-operated station WBME-CD (channels 41.1/58.2).
HD3 sub-channel
In December 2021, WMYX activated a third HD sub-channel under a brokered programming agreement with El Sol Broadcasting to air a Regional Mexican format, branded as “Caliente 97.9”. The format is relayed on El Sol-owned translator W250BN (97.9 FM), which formerly relayed its AM station, WJTI (1460 AM, itself now translated via W273DQ, 102.5 FM). That HD subchannel is made available by El Sol on its own online.
References
External links
Milwaukee radio: a retrospective
Packarena Website
MYX-FM
Hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Audacy, Inc. radio stations
The 1981-82 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Agen, beating Bayonne in the final.
The group B was won by Avenir Aturin (from Aire-sur-Adour) beating Bourgoin in the final.
Formula
For the third time, the clubs of the "Group B" didn't participate for the title, but played a proper championship.
In both group the two better of each pool were admitted directly to "last 16" round of knockout stage, while the classified from 3rd to 6th of each pool were admitted to a barrage.
Group A
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted directly to "last 16" round.
Barrage
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. For the first time was played with home/away basis.
Remark that the clubs coming from barrage was all eliminated.
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. (Single match knockout)
Semifinals
Final
Agen won the 7th Bouclier de Brennus, after the last victory in 1976.
Group B
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1982 lnr.fr
1982
France
Championship
The years of 2010 to 2014 saw LGBTQ characters premiere in various animated series, part of the decade that changed animation going forward. This included characters prominently featured in Adventure Time, My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, Young Justice, The Awesomes, Steven Universe, RWBY, and BoJack Horseman. On the other hand, Yuri Seijin Naoko-san, Mayo Chiki!, Wandering Son, and YuruYuri were among the anime series with LGBTQ characters. These stories set the stage for those to come in the later part of the decade, 2015–2019.
This list only includes recurring characters, otherwise known as supporting characters, which appear frequently from time to time during the series' run, often playing major roles in more than one episode, and those in the main cast are listed below. LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay (in animation and anime), lesbian (in animation and anime), bisexual (in animation and anime), trans, pansexual, asexual, non-binary, and intersex characters.
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series.
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
List of animated films with LGBT characters
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
2010s animated television series
2010s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
2010s LGBT-related television series
Ernesto Priani (9 May 1962 Mexico City) is a philosopher, professor, digital humanist, and digital editor.
Priani is currently a professor at the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico, vice president of Digital Humanists Network, and founder of Club Wikipedia.
Priani divides their philosophical work between the history of medieval and Renaissance thought and ethics.
Life
Priani was born in Mexico City. They received undergraduate, master's and doctorate in philosophy at the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico, obtaining this last degree with honors in 1998.
Works
Books
De espíritus y fantasmas. Teoría de la sensibilidad y ética en el renacimiento. México: Edere, 2003.
El libro del placer. Barcelona: Azul editorial, 1999.
Magia y Hermetismo. Barcelona: Azul editorial, 1999.
Editor
Historia de las doctrinas filosóficas. México: Pearson, 2009
Pensamiento y arte en el Renacimiento. México: Facultad de Filosofía y Letras, UNAM, 2005. (con Arturo Chavolla)
Giovanni Pico Della Mirandola. Su pensamiento, influencias y repercusiones. México: Facultad de Filosofía y Letras, UNAM, 2012.
Irving Samadhi Aguilar Rocha (Ed) Filosofía: competencias, aprendizaje, vida, Pearson, 2012,
Papers
"Las Humanidades Digitales: Nuevos lenguajes para la interpretación del mundo", en Gaceta de la Universidad Veracruzana, Enero-Marzo 121, 2012.
“Finding support for disruption. Developing a digital humanities project in México”, en ASLIB Proceedings, en 2011.
“Criterios de evaluación de publicaciones digitales”, en Revista Digital Universitaria, 2010.
“Filosofía del renacimiento”, en Revista Digital Universitaria, 2010.
“Où trouver des livres anciens dans les bibliothèques mexicanes”, en Nouvelles du Livre Ancien, 2010.
“Revista Digital Universitaria: facing the challenges of digital publishing in Mexico”, en Storicamente Tecnostoria, 2008.
“Del enigma a la pregunta. Un análisis del cuento del grial dentro de la historia de la filosofía”, en Semiosis, Veracruz University, 2008.
References
External links
http://ernestopriani.com/
http://unam.academia.edu/ernestopriani
1962 births
Writers from Mexico City
People in digital humanities
National Autonomous University of Mexico faculty
Living people
Mexican people of Italian descent
Thibica is a locality, archaeological site and railroad station in Zaghouan Governorate, Tunisia, located near Dar Cheïkh Ali east of El Fahs.
History
Thibica was a Roman Era civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsolare. An ancient Christian bishopric was centered in the town.
References
Populated places in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Africa (Roman province)
Arundel Cricket Club are a cricket club in the town of Arundel in West Sussex, England, which was founded in 1704. The club's first XI plays in Division 1 of the West Sussex Invitation League They currently have three Saturday League sides, a Club (Friendly) XI and multiple Junior teams ranging from U10s to U16s.
The earliest known mention of an Arundel team is a match in 1702 when a team formed by Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond played against them at an unknown venue.
References
External links
1704 establishments in England
Cricket in West Sussex
English club cricket teams
English cricket teams in the 18th century
Former senior cricket clubs
Arundel
Sport clubs established in the 1700s
Lucilla Andreucci (born December 19, 1969 in Rome) is a former long-distance runner from Italy.
Biography
They set their personal best (2:29:43) in the women's marathon on December 3, 2000 in Milan, Italy. They have 16 caps in national team from 1997 to 2007.  They are the twin sister of Florinda Andreucci, they also a long-distance runner.
Achievements
National titles
They won five national championships at individual senior level.
Italian Athletics Championships
5000 m: 1997
10,000 m: 1998
Half marathon: 1996, 1997, 1998
References
External links
Lucilla Andreucci at Marathoninfo
1969 births
Living people
Italian female long-distance runners
Italian female marathon runners
Athletes from Rome
Athletics competitors of Gruppo Sportivo Forestale
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Universiade silver medalists for Italy
Medalists at the 1997 Summer Universiade
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
Elizabeth Frankenstein ( Lavenza) is a fictional character first introduced in Mary Shelley's 1818 novel Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus. In both the novel and its various film adaptations, they are the fiancée of Victor Frankenstein.
Role in the novel
Born in Italy, Elizabeth Lavenza was adopted by Victor's family. In the first edition (1818), they are the daughter of Victor's aunt and their Italian husband. After their mother's death, Elizabeth's father—intending to remarry—writes to Victor's father and asks if they and their wife would like to adopt the child and spare them being raised by a stepmother (as Mary Shelley had unhappily been). In the original novel, then, Victor and Elizabeth are cousins. In the revised third edition (1831), Victor's parents, during a stay on Lake Como, find Elizabeth being raised by a foster family after their German mother's death and the disappearance of their Italian father. Thus, in the revised edition they are unrelated to Victor, who still describes them as "my more than sister." Victor describes them as their perfect woman: young, beautiful, and completely devoted to him. Elizabeth continually writes letters to Victor, encouraging them and acting as a positive force against their guilt at creating the monster.
After the monster begs Victor to create a mate for them and they agree, they are furious when Victor destroys it before completion and vows, "I will be with you on your wedding-night." This grim foreboding turns out to be true; on the day of Elizabeth's marriage to Victor, the monster breaks into the bridal suite and strangles them Them death is significant because it gives Victor a unique understanding of their creation; they now know what it feels like to be completely alone in the world, with nothing to live for but revenge.
Role in the Universal films
In James Whale's 1931 film adaptation of the novel, Elizabeth is Henry Frankenstein's fiancée, and has no familial relation to him.
They worry when Henry secludes themselves in their laboratory and refuses to see anyone, and begs their mentor, Professor Waldman, to talk some sense into him. After their experiments get out of control, Henry departs the laboratory and returns home to their ancestral village. The monster runs loose on the day of the wedding, and Henry tells Elizabeth to stay in one of the rooms. The monster climbs through the window and frightens them so badly that they faint.  They are last seen by Henry's bedside as they recover from their climactic battle with the monster.
In Bride of Frankenstein, Elizabeth and Henry are married.  They are kidnapped by the monster as a means of making Henry agree to create the Monster a mate. When the monster decides to destroy Frankenstein Castle with himself, their bride and the evil Septimus Pretorious inside, they allow Henry and Elizabeth to leave. The couple is last seen holding each other as the castle burns down.
Role in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Elizabeth (Helena Bonham-Carter) plays the same role in the 1994 film Mary Shelley's Frankenstein as they do in the novel, save one significant alteration. After Elizabeth is murdered by the monster (Robert De Niro), a distraught Victor (Kenneth Branagh) reanimates them as an undead being. Soon after Elizabeth resurrects, the monster arrives and tries to woo them for himself. As Victor and their creation begin to fight over her, Elizabeth realizes what they have become and screams in agony. Spurning both suitors, they commit suicide by setting themselves on fire with a Kerosene lamp.
Role in Young Frankenstein
In Mel Brooks' 1974 film Young Frankenstein, Elizabeth (Madeline Kahn) is a tightly wound socialite who is engaged to Dr. Frederick Frankenstein (Gene Wilder). When Frederick inherits their great-grandfather's estate in Transylvania, Elizabeth sees them off at the train station. Although Frederick tries to be affectionate, Elizabeth recoils from physical touching out of fear that it might smear lipstick, wrinkle their dress, or mess up them hair.
They arrive in Transylvania for a visit shortly after Frederick's monster (Peter Boyle) escapes from prison.
After Elizabeth is shown to their room, Frederick tries to convince them to sleep with him. Elizabeth teasingly pretends to agree before insisting on waiting until their wedding night. Extremely frustrated, Frederick leaves the room followed by a string of condescending endearments from Elizabeth.
As Elizabeth prepares for bed, the monster enters their bedroom window and kidnaps them When they are alone in the forest, Elizabeth is horrified to learn that the monster wants sex. Elizabeth first offers some typical dating excuses, but then they see the monster's enormous "Schwanstücker". Elizabeth gasps, "Oh, my God! WOOF!" They gleefully have consensual sex with the monster - over and over again.
When Frederick plays the violin to summon their creation back to the castle, Elizabeth is devastated when the monster leaves them side.
They scream, "Where are you going? Oh, you men are all alike. Seven or eight quick ones and you're off with the boys to boast and brag. You'd better keep your mouth shut! Oh, I think I love him."
After an operation to stabilize the monster's brain, Elizabeth marries Frederick's now erudite and sophisticated creation.  They are last seen with their hair styled just like the female monster from The Bride of Frankenstein.
Role in Frankenstein (2015)
In the 2015 adaptation, Elizabeth is played by Carrie-Anne Moss and has a pretty different role.  They are played as Victor's wife and helps them to create the monster (here named Adam), serving as a mother figure for him. When Adam is caught and taken to a police delegacy, they give the police officers Elizabeth's ID badge and calls them "mother", so they call her, but they say they don't know Adam, abandoning him.
At the ending, Adam finds their creators house, where they attack Victor, but Elizabeth calms them down and tells them the truth about their origins. Victor makes their creation sleep and tries to kill him, so they try to save him, but they accidentally kill their wife and runs away. When Adam is awake, they put their mother's dead body and themselves on fire as they cry "I am Adam!".
Portrayals
Elizabeth Lavenza was portrayed by Mae Clarke in Frankenstein, by Valerie Hobson in The Bride of Frankenstein, by Hazel Court in The Curse of Frankenstein, by Helena Bonham Carter in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, by Nicole Lewis in the Hallmark miniseries based on Shelley's novel, and by Lacey Turner in Frankenstein's Wedding. Elizabeth is recreated as Eli in the Pemberley Digital web series Frankenstein, M.D.. Elizabeth is portrayed by Katie Weston in Frankenstein: The Musical. Elizabeth was portrayed on stage by Naomie Harris in Danny Boyle's 2011 production of Nick Dear's stage play adaptation of Shelley's novel.
See also
Universal Monsters
Mae Clarke
Colin Clive
Boris Karloff
Brona Croft
References
External links
Frankenstein characters
Literary characters introduced in 1818
Female horror film characters
Characters in British novels of the 19th century
Fictional German people
Fictional Italian people
Fictional Swiss people
Female characters in literature
Fictional murdered people
In enzymology, a 3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
(S)-3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA (R)-3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, (S)-3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA, and one product, (R)-3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on hydroxy acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA 3-epimerase. Other names in common use include 3-hydroxybutyryl coenzyme A epimerase, and 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA epimerase. This enzyme participates in fatty acid metabolism and butanoate metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, four structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
EC 5.1.2
Enzymes of known structure
Vaudeville was a theatrical genre of variety entertainment in the United States and Canada from the early 1880s until the early 1930s.
Vaudeville may also refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Vaudeville (song), a type of 17th- and 18th-century French satirical poem
Vaudeville (album), a 2010 album by D-Sisive
Vaudeville Theatre, a London theatre
Places
Vaudeville, Meurthe-et-Moselle, a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, France
Vaudéville, a village and commune in the Vosges département, France
See also
Comédie en vaudevilles, a theatrical entertainment which began in Paris towards the end of the 17th century
This is a list of fictional dogs in prose and poetry and is a subsidiary to the list of fictional dogs. It is a collection of various dogs in prose literature and poetry.
Prose and poetry
Bibliography
Footnotes
References
Lists of fictional canines
Fictional dogs
Parliamentary elections were held in Madagascar on 30 June 1977. They were the first elections held under the constitution adopted in the 1975 referendum, which banned all political parties not affiliated with the National Front for the Defense of the Revolution.
Prior to the elections, the National Movement for the Independence of Madagascar left the National Front, and did not take part in the elections. The remaining four parties were assigned all 137 seats in the National People's Assembly, and voters were asked to approve the list. AREMA was assigned 112 seats, the Congress Party for the Independence of Madagascar 16, the Popular Movement for National Unity seven and the Malagasy Christian Democratic Union two. The list was approved by 92% of voters.
Results
References
Elections in Madagascar
1977 in Madagascar
Madagascar
Single-candidate elections
June 1977 events in Africa
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Horace Gilbert Smithy Jr. (July 19, 1914 – October 28, 1948) was an American cardiac surgeon who in 1948 performed the first successful mitral valve repair (mitral valvulotomy) since the 1920s. Smithy's work was complicated because it predated heart-lung machines or open-heart surgery. Though their procedure did not become a definitive treatment for valvular heart disease, they introduced the technique of injecting novocaine into the heart to avoid arrhythmias during surgery, and they showed that it was feasible to access and operate on the heart's valves.
A graduate of the University of Virginia School of Medicine, Smithy completed a surgical residency in Charleston, South Carolina, and then practiced surgery at Roper Hospital in Charleston. They also began working with a colleague in a dog laboratory to devise a valvulotomy (surgical treatment for diseased heart valves). Smithy's interest in heart valve dysfunction was also personal; they suffered from narrowing of the aortic valve related to rheumatic heart disease.
As Smithy began to operate on a series of patients with heart valve disease, they started to correspond with eminent heart surgeon Alfred Blalock, hoping that ultimately Blalock would agree to perform a valvulotomy on him. Smithy had a patient come to Baltimore so that Blalock and Smithy could operate on the patient together. When that patient died on the operating table, Blalock refused to be involved with further surgery of that type. Smithy died at Roper Hospital of cardiac asthma, pneumonia and another attack of rheumatic fever. Their death came a few months after they performed their first valvulotomy; they had been unable to convince anyone to perform the surgery on him.
Early life
Smithy was born in Norfolk, Virginia. They were the son of Rosalia () and Horace Smithy Sr. The elder Smithy, who was lifelong friends with Assistant Secretary of Commerce Monroe Johnson, worked in real estate before acquiring their own 50-person real estate brokerage firm, the H. G. Smithy Company. Until high school, Horace Jr. was educated at the Friends School in Washington. At some point during their childhood, they suffered from rheumatic fever. Smithy attended Episcopal High School in Alexandria, Virginia. They were becoming sick with frequent colds, which were thought to be weather-related, so they were sent to the Miami Military Academy.
For college, Smithy went to the University of Florida and became a multisport athlete there (football, baseball and boxing). The New York Times indicated that they once boxed professionally and played professional baseball. Smithy went to the University of Virginia for medical school. When they bought a stethoscope at the beginning of their studies, they listened to their own heart and noted a loud murmur. While in medical school, Smithy married Sarah (), whom they had met while studying in Florida. They had two children.
Early career
Smithy moved on to a surgical internship and residency at the Medical College of South Carolina in Charleston. They may have chosen to go to Charleston in part because the father of a high school classmate had once been the chief surgeon and residency program director at Roper Hospital. The hospital was not affiliated with the medical school when their classmate's father worked there, but it was the medical school's primary teaching site when Smithy arrived. Remaining at Roper Hospital after finishing their residency in 1942, Smithy established a surgical practice. They also worked in an animal laboratory at the medical school, using dogs to learn more about valve function and possible repair. Smithy's interest in this area was heightened by their own heart valve problem; they suffered from narrowing of the aortic valve related to their childhood bout of rheumatic fever.
By 1946, Smithy had devised what they called a valvulotome, an instrument they used to cut away scar tissue from the aortic valve. They made a presentation on the device at an American College of Surgeons (ACS) forum. The next year at the annual ACS meeting, they gave a more formal presentation. An Associated Press science editor heard Smithy's talk at the 1947 ACS conference and the possible breakthrough was widely published in newspapers. The topic was of wide interest because valvular disease affected so many people at the time. Tuberculosis killed the most people under 50 in the 1940s, but because of the prevalence of rheumatic fever, narrowing of the mitral valve was the next most common cause of death in this age group.
Although the original valvulotome had allowed them to start working on aortic valves, they knew that they needed a more sophisticated device to contend with scar tissue found in the mitral valve. In conjunction with C. D. Coleman, who ran the university's machine shop, they developed a new valvulotome. The device consisted of a plunger inside a hollow tube and a set of jaws. As the plunger was depressed, the jaws closed. The jaws would "bite" out a small portion of the narrowed valve.
Betty Lee Woolridge
In early 1948, Smithy prepared to perform their first heart valve surgery on a human. Although two surgeons had attempted mitral valve surgery on several patients in the 1920s, most of those patients had died and mitral valve repair had not been attempted since then. Smithy's first patient, a 21-year-old woman named Betty Lee Woolridge, had sustained heart valve damage from rheumatic fever at the age of ten. Woolridge explained that they had been in heart failure for two years, that diuretics and dietary modifications were no longer effective, and that they hoped Smithy would operate on their heart.
It appears that Smithy declined Woolridge's initial request for surgical help, but they sent a second letter, asking them why they would continue to experiment on animals when they had a willing human patient. Smithy agreed to have Woolridge come to Charleston for surgery. When they arrived, Woolridge weighed 85 pounds, could not breathe while lying flat, and appeared so frail that Smithy nearly refused to operate on them Heart failure was causing fluid accumulation in the abdomen; the day before their heart surgery, Smithy drained six liters of fluid off of their abdomen.
Heart surgery on Woolridge commenced on January 30, 1948. After Smithy opened Woolridge's chest, they placed a purse-string suture around the heart so that the heart tissue could be pulled tight to compress the heart muscle around the valvulotome to minimize bleeding. They also injected novocaine into the heart to lessen the risk of arrhythmias. The valvulotome was inserted through a small hole made in the heart. The device was advanced to Woolridge's mitral valve by feel and then used to cut away scar tissue in the valve. Woolridge seemed to recover well. On February 9, Smithy introduced Woolridge at a medical meeting being held in Charleston and they were said to be "up, walking and apparently nearly well."
By February 15, Woolridge had returned to their home in Canton, Ohio. Smithy told reporters that they hoped to perform the same surgery on other patients soon, but that definite results of the surgery could not be determined for at least five years. After Smithy operated on Woolridge, the South Carolina General Assembly issued a resolution in their honor. A couple of weeks later, Woolridge appeared on a radio program to discuss their recovery; illness prevented Smithy from appearing.
By the time of the radio broadcast, Smithy had carried out a second valve surgery; the patient had died. They performed valvulotomies on seven patients by the summer of 1948.
Operating with Alfred Blalock
As Smithy began to perform valvulotomies on humans, they knew that their own heart disease was worsening and that a valvulotomy might be their only hope as a patient. They began corresponding with famed cardiac surgeon Alfred Blalock of Johns Hopkins Hospital, who they thought they could convince performing the novel procedure. Smithy knew that they would need to demonstrate the procedure's feasibility to Blalock. In their communications, Blalock must have asked for one of Smithy's valvulotomes, as a March 1948 letter from Smithy's secretary indicates that Coleman was about to send one to him.
John Boone, chief of medicine at the Medical College of South Carolina, wrote to Blalock on Smithy's behalf in May 1948. Blalock wrote back within days, asking Smithy to arrange a trip to Johns Hopkins where they could locate a patient and operate together. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure than being able to help you by the use of your method," Blalock wrote. In late June, Smithy sent Blalock a letter indicating that they had a young man from New York whose aortic stenosis was nearly identical to Smithy's. They wrote that the patient was willing to travel to Baltimore for surgery.
Smithy came to Baltimore and did laboratory work with technician Vivien Thomas and resident Denton Cooley. When Smithy and Blalock operated on their first patient, a very sick man between the ages of 35 and 40, things did not go as they had hoped. The events have been described with slight variations, but it seems that the patient developed a fatal arrhythmia while being anesthetized or while the chest incision was being made. Cooley said that they saw Smithy's face drop noticeably when the patient died, perhaps because they saw Blalock as their only chance at having the surgery himself. The patient's death dissuaded Blalock from further involvement in the procedure that Smithy proposed.
Death
In early October 1948, Smithy developed pneumonia and was admitted to Roper Hospital; their condition was further compromised by cardiac asthma and another bout of rheumatic fever. They were scheduled to present a paper at a conference of the American College of Chest Physicians that month. The accounts of Smithy's nurse, Agnes Bowen Kleckley, and an associate, J. M. Stallworth, differ; Smithy either dictated the last few pages of the paper to Stallworth or discussed the remaining portions of the paper with Stallworth for them to finish. In any case, a conference presentation was given by Stallworth and a paper on the surgical treatment of valvular disease was later published in Surgery, Obstetrics & Gynecology.
On October 22, The New York Times reported that complications had ensued and that Smithy was in critical condition. On October 28, Smithy died; they had never been able to undergo surgery on their own aortic valve. An autopsy later showed that the opening in Smithy's aortic valve was smaller than "the point of a knitting needle." More than 300 people came to Smithy's funeral at St. Michael's Episcopal Church in Charleston. Fourteen of their colleagues served as honorary pallbearers.
Woolridge died ten days after Smithy did. Though they died at home, they had been in the hospital frequently after returning to Canton, and they spent two months in the hospital shortly before they died. Four of Smithy's seven valvulotomy patients were still alive and doing well at the time of Woolridge's death. Smithy was posthumously named an "outstanding young man of 1948" by the South Carolina chapter of the Junior Chamber of Commerce. After Smithy died, Blalock exchanged letters with Smithy's widow. Blalock said that they had recently been in Berryville, Virginia, and that they had gone with their wife to the cemetery where Smithy was buried.
Legacy
Ultimately, most of Smithy's success with valvulotomy was short-lived and their procedure was soon replaced with more effective interventions. However, Smithy's intracardiac injection of novocaine significantly decreased the likelihood of arrhythmias that could occur when the heart was surgically manipulated. A Medical University of South Carolina library exhibit says that "[b]etter operations than Smithy's were already accomplished, and their value would become apparent. In going the wrong way, Smithy nonetheless achieved positive results and invited comparisons that eventually led to the realization that commissurotomy was the operation of choice... their work, well publicized at the time, encouraged patients and physicians and prompted the concept that operative treatment of valvular heart disease could be successful."
Heart surgeon Charles P. Bailey, who was working on heart valve surgery at a different institution at the same time as Smithy, later commented on Smithy's personality. They said that though surgeons tended to be egotistical, Smithy was "not only a southern gentleman, but a true gentleman." Bailey recalled a meeting at which they presented some patient data and Smithy was asked to comment on it. Though Smithy had a better success rate on the procedure with a larger number of patients, Smithy did not mention that. Instead, they complimented Bailey on their unique method of opening the mitral valve.
Smithy's family left money to the Medical University of South Carolina after they died. The money built up over time, and after a local surgeon added to the fund, the university created the Horace G. Smithy Chair of Cardiothoracic Surgery in 1997. MUSC hosts the Horace G. Smithy Lecture annually.
References
Further reading
1914 births
1948 deaths
People from Norfolk, Virginia
American cardiac surgeons
Medical University of South Carolina faculty
University of Virginia School of Medicine alumni
University of Florida alumni
Physicians from South Carolina
Physicians from Virginia
20th-century surgeons
Deaths from pneumonia in South Carolina
Erigeron purpuratus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name purple fleabane. The species grows in Alaska (part of the United States) and Yukon (part of Canada).
Erigeron purpuratus is a perennial herb up to 14 centimeters (5.6 inches) tall, producing a large branching caudex that serves to spread the plant into clonal clumps. The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem, the bracts forming the sides of the head appearing purple. Each head has 40–90 purple, pink or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows on beaches, gravel bars, and alpine tundra.
References
purpuratus
Plants described in 1900
Flora of the Arctic
Flora of Alaska
Flora of Yukon
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Gregory Devon Johnson (born December 3, 1953) is a former American football defensive lineman. Drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles, they had brief stints with several teams, appearing in games for the Baltimore Colts and Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1977.
References
1953 births
Living people
People from Leesburg, Florida
American football defensive ends
Florida State Seminoles football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Atula Abeysekera, FCGI is a British Engineer, a Professor and an expert in Enterprise Risk Management in Financial Services.
Early life
Abeysekera was born in London, England and spent their early childhood in Sri Lanka, before returning to the United Kingdom. They graduated in civil engineering from Imperial College, London in 1981.
Career
After graduating, Abeysekera then spent four years working as a civil engineer before deciding to pursue a career in Financial Services. They then went on to work for various Financial institutions such as KPMG, Morgan Stanley, Fidelity & Lazard.  They are currently a Senior Risk Officer at Schroders.
They were appointed by the Secretary State of Housing, Communities and Local Government to drive forward the building safety programme following the Grenfell tragedy. They remain a member of the Industry Safety Steering Group (ISSG).
Abeysekera is also a member of The Worshipful Company of International Bankers.
Notable Publications & Work
Abeysekera's publications have been republished by professional publications and a think tank.  They are the author of the policy paper 'Black Swans means business', 'Resuscitating the NHS' and 'Mind the Gap – Funding for UK's Flood Defences: The Bow Group'.
 They are the author of the book 'What's the small idea? - Innovation and Risk Culture in Government'.
Abeysekera is frequently a speaker on Black Swans in Risk management.
Awards
In 2017, Abeysekera was awarded Fellowship by the City and Guilds of London Institute.
 They are also a recipient of The Freedom of the City of London.
References
Academics of Imperial College London
Academics from London
British civil engineers
British bankers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Seafile is an open-source, cross-platform file-hosting software system. Files are stored on a central server and can be synchronized with personal computers and mobile devices through apps. Files on the Seafile server can also be accessed directly via the server's web interface. Seafile's functionality is similar to other popular file hosting services such as Dropbox and Google Drive. The primary difference between Seafile and Dropbox/Google Drive is that Seafile is a self-hosted file sharing solution for private cloud applications. In private clouds, storage space and client connection limits are determined exclusively by the users' own infrastructure and settings rather than the terms and conditions of a cloud service provider. Additionally, organizations, whose data privacy policies bar them from using public cloud services can draw on Seafile to build a file sharing system of their own.
History
In 2009, Daniel Pan and other former students of Tsinghua University, Beijing embarked on a project aiming at building a peer-to-peer file sharing software, hence a system that does not rely on a centralized server. Seafile was the name chosen for their software project. The development team decided in 2010 to abandon this initial goal and refocussed on building a file syncing software with a more traditional client-server architecture – the architecture also used by Dropbox and other file hosting service providers.
In 2012, Daniel Pan, Jonathan Xu and other key developers of the project established Seafile Ltd. with the objective to develop and distribute the file hosting software.
At the beginning of 2015, the distribution company Seafile GmbH was founded by Silja and Alexander Jackson to promote Seafile in Germany. Seafile Ltd., which did not take an equity stake in Seafile GmbH, granted usage rights for the Seafile brand and provided funding in the form of an interest free loan to the new company. The partnership was abruptly terminated in July 2016 due to disagreements between the two companies over, among other things, product development and intellectual property rights. An amicable resolution to the dispute was reached in March 2017. The Mainz-based company datamate GmbH & Co. KG has since taken over distribution and support in Europe.
Editions and versions
Seafile has two editions: a free community edition and a professional edition with additional features for enterprise environments.
The community edition is released under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License v3. The professional edition is released under a proprietary license.
Most Seafile installations – community as well as enterprise – are private cloud installations and service a clearly defined user group, i.e., the members of an organisation. There are also some public file hosting services based on Seafile.
Features
The feature set of the community and professional edition vary. Both editions share these features:
Multi-platform file synchronisation
Public link sharing (upload and download)
Client-side encryption
Per-folder access control
Version control
Two-factor authentication
The additional features of the professional edition include:
File locking
Full text search
MS Office document preview and office web app integration
Activity logging
Distributed storage
Antivirus integration
Platforms
Seafile Server Community Edition can be installed on various Linux platforms. Seafile Ltd. maintains installation packages for Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Additionally, the developer provides a Docker container. A Seafile Server for Windows has been discontinued with version 6.0.7, though it is still available for download on the developer's download site. Users interested in installing Seafile on a Windows computer are referred to Docker. FreeBSD and Raspbian are two more supported platforms. Their install packages are community maintained.
Seafile Server Professional Edition is available for Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS and RHEL. A Docker image is available too. For Seafile Professional's proprietary nature, they are all maintained by Seafile Ltd.
Both servers offer a choice of MySQL/MariaDB or SQLite for database and supports file system or distributed storage as data storage.
Desktop clients are available for personal computers running on Windows, macOS, and Linux. Mobile clients are available for iOS, Windows Phone 8 and Android. Files can also be viewed, downloaded from and uploaded to the Seafile Server without the client via Seafile's web interface.
Disputes
Seafile Ltd and Seafile GmbH
In July 2016 a dispute came to light between Seafile Ltd. (the original company, from China) and Seafile GmbH (a German company established from JacksonIT by Silja Jackson and Alexander Jackson in 2015).
Seafile Ltd. had funded Seafile GmbH to be a European partner. They then agreed to merge the main operations and license the cloud provision to a new company, but an agreement could not be reached on the number of shares to be allocated.
Seafile Ltd. alleges that Seafile GmbH and its predecessors had attempted to register its trademark in the US and had taken steps to present itself in place of Seafile Ltd. Seafile Ltd. also alleges that Seafile GmbH had abused the sourcecode and were committing copyright infringements.
Seafile GmbH stated it would fork based upon the most recent professional version and continue developing the file sharing software independently under the brand name Seafile, for which the company claims it hold the intellectual property rights in Europe and North America. Seafile GmbH has not released a new Seafile server version since the announcement.
In March 2017, it was announced that an amicable resolution to the dispute between Seafile Ltd. and Seafile GmbH had been reached. All Seafile trademarks held by Seafile GmbH and the domain “seafile.de” will be transferred to Seafile Ltd.. Seafile GmbH will continue to do business and change its name to Syncwerk GmbH. Syncwerk GmbH will continue to provide software updates and support, as well as SaaS services to their existing customers, based on Seafile Professional Edition 5.1.8. New customers who are interested in purchasing Seafile Professional Edition need to contact Seafile Ltd.. Seafile GmbH / Syncwerk GmbH will no longer offer the Seafile Professional Edition (or software derived from it) to new customers who first contacted them after March, 10th 2017.
PayPal
In June 2016 Seafile GmbH had its payment services from PayPal removed. PayPal had accused Seafile of facilitating the illegal sharing of files and demanded that they monitor file transfers and provide statistical information to PayPal, which Seafile refused to do. Some days later, PayPal reverted its decision and apologised to Seafile, but Seafile said they would drop PayPal in favour of other payment options.
See also
Nextcloud (FOSS client-server software for file storage and transfer)
Comparison of file hosting services
Comparison of file synchronization software
Comparison of online backup services
References
External links
Free software for cloud computing
Free software programmed in C
Free software programmed in Python
Free and open-source Android software
Euryale was a Gorgon in Greek mythology.
Euryale may also refer to:
Greek mythology
Euryale, daughter of Minos and possible mother of Orion
Euryale, one of the Amazons
Euryale, possible wife of Minyas
Biology
Euryale ferox, a species of aquatic plant
Euryale (plant), a genus of aquatic plants
Euryale (echinoderm), a genus of echinoderm
Ships
French brig Euryale (1863)
USS Euryale (AS-22)
See also
Evryali, a piano piece by Iannis Xenakis
List of ships named Euryale
Euryale, list of Greek characters by that name
John Wilson Campbell (February 23, 1782 – September 24, 1833) was a United States representative from Ohio and a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Ohio.
Education and career
Born on February 23, 1782, near Miller's Iron Works in Augusta County, Virginia, Campbell attended the common schools, taught school, then read law in 1808. They were admitted to the bar and entered private practice in West Union, Ohio from 1808 to 1826. They were prosecutor for Adams County, Ohio from 1809 to 1817. They were a Justice of the Peace for Tiffin Township, Adams County, Ohio from 1809 to 1815. They were a member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1810, and from 1815 to 1817.
Congressional service
Campbell was elected as a Democratic-Republican from Ohio's 2nd congressional district and Ohio's 5th congressional district to the United States House of Representatives of the 15th through the 17th United States Congresses. reelected as a Jackson Democratic-Republican to the 18th United States Congress, and as a National Republican to the 19th United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1817, to March 3, 1827. They were Chairman of the Committee on Private Land Claims for the 16th through the 19th United States Congresses. They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1826. Following their departure from Congress, Campbell resumed private practice in Brown County, Ohio from 1826 to 1829.
Federal judicial service
Campbell was nominated by President Andrew Jackson on March 6, 1829, to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Ohio vacated by Judge William Creighton Jr. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on March 7, 1829, and received their commission the same day. Their service terminated on September 24, 1833, due to their death in Delaware, Delaware County, Ohio. They were interred in Old North Cemetery in Columbus, Ohio.
References
Sources
1782 births
1833 deaths
Ohio state court judges
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Ohio
United States federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
19th-century American judges
People from West Union, Ohio
Ohio National Republicans
County district attorneys in Ohio
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
The Daughter of Time Trilogy is the omnibus of the novels Reader, Writer, and Maker by biomedical scientist Erec Stebbins. The novels are space operas and metaphysical adventure fiction centered on the character Ambra Dawn, a slave with the ability to "read” and "write” spacetime. The trilogy features elements of cosmology, parallel universe (fiction), time travel, alternate history, prescience, telepathy, telekinesis, alien invasion, cybernetics, and spirituality, with the novels repeatedly breaking the fourth wall as characters speak directly to and request specific actions from the reader. Each novel is narrated in the first person by a different character.
Reviews
Publishers Weekly called the first novel "thoughtful science fiction” and ”a new and imaginative series.” Kirkus Reviews noted that Reader was "a richly detailed, compelling story about the power of love.” Foreword Reviews wrote of the series that "these are works that nurture wonder and sometimes break hearts.” Midwest Book Review comments that for Reader “mature teen and young adult readers alike will find Ambra's story involving and engrossing,” and that Writer is “another epic story.”
Critical comments note that “it retreads some of the same paths repeatedly,” "by plot alone, Reader sounds fairly ordinary,” “the narrative bogs down at times due to overly long inner monologue,” and that the ending is “incomprehensible.”
Characters
Reader (Daughter of Time, Book 1)
Ambra Dawn - Narrator, Earth woman, the "Daughter of Time” and central protagonist
Thel of Xix - Alien and Ambra Dawn's first mentor
Waythrel of Xix - Ambra Dawn's Advocate on Dram and second mentor
Richard Cross - Leader of the resistance to the Dram hegemony
Writer (Daughter of Time, Book 2)
Nitin Ratava - Narrator, lover/consort of Ambra Dawn, Earth Force soldier
Ambra Dawn - The "Daughter of Time” and central series protagonist
Waythrel of Xix - Alien and close advisor and confidant of Ambra Dawn
Sepehr Mazandarani - Counselor of Ambra Dawn
Tomoko Mizoguchi - Former Major of Earth Force and Leader of the Temple Guardians
Aisha Williams - Warrant Officer to Captain Ratava
David Kim - Master Sergeant to Captain Ratava
Ryan Marshall - Sergeant First Class, medical officer to Captain Ratava
Erica Fox - Sergeant and engineer to Captain Ratava
Grant Moore - Weapons Sergeant to Captain Ratava
Synphel of Xix - Alien and reproductive-group mate of Waythrel
Maker (Daughter of Time, Book 3)
Waythrel of Xix - Narrator, alien and close advisor and confidant of Ambra Dawn
Ambra Dawn - The "Daughter of Time” and central series protagonist
Kloan - Clone of Ambra Dawn, kidnapper of Waythrel of Xix
Nitin Ratava - Lover/consort of Ambra Dawn, Earth Force soldier
Synphel of Xix - Alien and reproductive-group mate of Waythrel
See also
Erec Stebbins
The Ragnarök Conspiracy
Intel 1 Series
References
External links
Daughter of Time Trilogy Author Website
American science fiction novels
2015 American novels
Novel series
{{Infobox scientist
| name = Max Valier
|image = Max Valier AWS 3002.jpg
|caption = Valier as depicted in Air Wonder Stories, February 1930.
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Bolzano, County of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary
| death_date =
| death_place = Berlin, Weimar Republic
| nationality = Austrian
| fields = Physics
| alma_mater = University of Innsbruck
}}
Max Valier (9 February 1895 – 17 May 1930) was an Austrian rocketry pioneer. They were a leading figure in the world's first large-scale rocket program, Opel-RAK, and helped found the German Verein für Raumschiffahrt (VfR – "Spaceflight Society") that would bring together many of the minds that would later make spaceflight a reality in the 20th century.
Biography
Valier was born in Bozen (Bolzano) in the County of Tyrol (now South Tyrol) and in 1913 enrolled to study physics at the University of Innsbruck. They also trained as a machinist at a nearby factory. Their studies were interrupted by the First World War, during which they served in the Austro-Hungarian army's air corps as an aerial observer.
After the war, Valier did not return to their studies, but became a freelance science writer. In 1923, they read Hermann Oberth's landmark book Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen (The Rocket into Interplanetary Space) and was inspired to write a similar work to explain Oberth's ideas in terms that could be understood by lay persons. With Oberth's assistance, they published Der Vorstoß in den Weltenraum (The Advance into Space) the following year. It was an outstanding success, going through six editions before 1930. They followed this with numerous articles on the subject of space travel, with titles like "Berlin to New York in One Hour" and "A Daring Trip to Mars".
In 1928 and 1929, they worked with Fritz von Opel on a number of rocket-powered cars and aircraft within the world's first large-scale rocket program Opel-RAK. For von Opel, these experimentations had also a very positive public relations effect for the Opel company, and for Valier, they were a way of further raising interest in rocketry amongst the general population. Friedrich Sander in these endeavours was chosen as the supplier of solid-fuel rocket motors. Valier's and von Opel's activities led to land and rail vehicle speed records and eventually to the world's first rocket plane. The first public flight took place on September 30, 1929, piloted by von Opel. After the Opel RAK.1 flight, caused by the Great Depression, the Opel RAK collaboration came to an end, von Opel left Germany in 1930, emigrated to the US and eventually to France and Switzerland. Valier then continued the rocket development on their own.
By the late 1920s, the VfR was focusing its efforts on liquid-fuelled rockets. Their first successful test firing with liquid fuel (five minutes) occurred in the Heylandt plant on 25 January 1930. On 19 April 1930 Valier performed the first test drive of a rocket car with liquid propulsion, the Valier-Heylandt Rak 7.
Valier was killed less than a month later when an alcohol-fuelled rocket exploded on their test bench in Berlin. Their protégé Arthur Rudolph went on to develop an improved and safer version of Valier's engine.
Memorials
Max Valier is still remembered in South Tyrol as one of the most famous inventors and scientists of this province, and a number of institutions bear their name:
The South-Tyrolean amateur astronomy society Amateurastronomen Max Valier'' and their public astronomical observatory "Max Valier" in Gummer (BZ Italy)
The Technological Institute "Max Valier" in Bolzano, Italy
The Max Valier X-ray telescopic satellite launched in 2017 orbits the earth transmitting Morse Code on 145.96MHz and 437.325MHz. "73 de ii3mv max valier sat tnx manfred es christa fuchs"
References
Data pages, Historic American Engineering Record for the Marshall Space Flight Center, United States Library of Congress
External links
1895 births
1930 deaths
People from Bolzano
People from the County of Tyrol
Austrian inventors
Austrian male writers
Austrian physicists
Early spaceflight scientists
German spaceflight pioneers
Austro-Hungarian military personnel of World War I
University of Innsbruck alumni
19th-century male writers
Burials at the Westfriedhof (Munich)
Inventors killed by their own invention
Austrian emigrants to Germany
The 1953–54 Rugby Football League season was the 59th season of rugby league football played in England. The championship, which involved thirty teams, started in August, 1953 and culminated in a finals play-off series in April, 1954 which resulted in a championship final between Warrington and Halifax. The season was also punctuated by the 1954 Rugby League World Cup, the first ever, and is also notable for its Challenge Cup final, which was drawn and had to be re-played, attracting a world record crowd for a rugby football match of either code.
Season summary
The 1953–54 season saw Brian Bevan become the highest try scorer in rugby league history when they passed the 446 tries mark set by Alf Ellaby.
League Champions: Warrington (8-7 v Halifax)
Challenge Cup Winners: Warrington (8-4 v Halifax in replay after 4–4 draw)
Warrington won the Lancashire League, and Halifax won the Yorkshire League. St. Helens beat Wigan 16–8 to win the Lancashire County Cup, and Bradford Northern beat Hull F.C. 7–2 to win the Yorkshire County Cup.
One oddity of the season was that Double winners Warrington, who only lost 5 league games, were beaten by both the bottom Lancashire club, Liverpool City and the bottom Yorkshire club, Hull Kingston Rovers.
Championship
Ladder
Play-offs
Semi-finals
Halifax 18, Workington Town 7.
Warrington 11, St Helens 0.
Final
The Championship Final was played between Warrington and Halifax on 8 May (three days after the epic Challenge Cup re-play) at Maine Road before a crowd of 36,519. The match was televised by the BBC and it was a tremendous defensive effort that helped Warrington to a narrow 8–7 win, with Bath kicking 4 goals.
Challenge Cup
The 1954 Challenge Cup was the 53rd staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup. It featured clubs from the 1953–54 Northern Rugby Football League season and is notable for its Final which had to be replayed before possibly the largest crowd in rugby league history.
Sources
1953-54 Northern Rugby Football League season at wigan.rlfans.com
1953-54 Northern Rugby Football League season at rlhalloffame.org.uk
1954 Challenge Cup final at rlhalloffame.org.uk
1954 Challenge Cup final at eraofthebiff.com
Warrington History (1945-1970) at warringtonwolves.org
The 1954 Odsal Challenge Cup final replay at rugbyleagueoralhistory.co.uk
1953 in English rugby league
1954 in English rugby league
Northern Rugby Football League seasons
Tumble finishing, also known as tumbling or rumbling, is a technique for smoothing and polishing a rough surface on relatively small parts. In the field of metalworking, a similar process called barreling, or barrel finishing, works upon the same principles.
Tumbled stones are made with rock tumblers in a process very similar to the natural processes that produce "sea glass" or "beach glass".
Stones
Tumbling of rocks as a lapidary technique for rock polishing usually requires a plastic or rubber-lined barrel loaded with a consignment of rocks, all of similar or the same hardness, some abrasive grit, and a liquid lubricant. Silicon carbide grit is commonly used, and water is a universal lubricant. The barrel is then placed upon slowly rotating rails so that it rotates. The optimal speed of rotation depends on the size of the tumbler barrel and materials involved. Vibratory finishing process can be used instead.
A well-chosen speed for stone polishing causes the rocks within the barrel to slide past each other, with the abrasive grit between them. The result of this depends on the coarseness of the abrasive, and the duration of the tumble.
Typically, a full tumble polish from rough rock to polish takes 3–5 weeks, and is done in a minimum of 3 steps. Initially, the rocks are smoothed with a coarse grit (such as 60-90 mesh). The idea behind the first step is to take rough rock or stone and grind it (tumble it) down into a form which is indistinguishable (in shape) from the final product. This is followed by washing and then a stage of finer grits (120-220 then 400-600 mesh), before the (optional) use of a pre-polishing compound (1200 grit), a washing cycle with detergent to remove any grit on the stones. The final step is a polishing stage using powdered polish, (such as cerium oxide or tin oxide), water, and often small plastic pellets that are designed to cushion the stones as they tumble (so as not to cause chipping) and carry the polish evenly across the stones.
The precise tumbling duration is determined by many factors, including the hardness of the rock and the degree of smoothing desired in the coarser steps. Some people will tumble stones with rough grit for two, three or even four weeks to get their desired shapes out of the stones.
There are two main types of rock tumbling: barrel (rotary) tumbling, and vibratory tumbling. Rotary tumbling is more common, simpler, quieter and less expensive than vibratory tumblers. There are two differentiating factors, however, that may lead one to use a vibratory tumbler. First, vibratory tumblers retain the overall shape of the rough rock, whereas rotary tumblers tend to make rocks round. Thus, it is important to use vibratory tumblers to make faceted shapes and tear drop forms. Second, vibratory tumblers tend to work much faster than rotary tumblers, generally reducing the processing time to half.
In the polishing step, rock polish is added in place of grit as well as the plastic tumbling pellets. After further tumbling, the rocks should now have a shiny look when dry. If this is not the case and the rocks appear to have a film on them, a burnishing step may be necessary. In burnishing, the rocks are tumbled with only the plastic pellets and the addition of an oil-free non-abrasive soap.
Sometimes, stone "preforms" are used. These are shapes cut from the rough rock before tumbling. This gives more control over the final piece, so shapes such as a tear drop can be produced. The technique is still limited to rounded shapes. Preforms may use less time with the coarsest step, or skip it altogether.
During the 1970s, small rock tumblers were a common hobby item, and jewelry decorated with tumbled semi-precious stones was very much in fashion. Likewise, dishes and decorative glass jars filled with tumbled stones (often including common rocks not suitable even for costume jewelry) were frequently used as household ornaments.
Metal
Metal tumbling is used to burnish, deburr, clean, radius, de-flash, descale, remove rust, polish, brighten, surface harden, prepare parts for further finishing, and break off die cast runners. The process is fairly simple: a horizontal barrel is filled with the parts which is then rotated. Variations of this process usually include media, water, or other lubricants. As the barrel is rotated the material rises until gravity causes the uppermost layer to landslide down to the other side. The barrel may also have vanes, typically made of rubber, which run along the inside of the barrel. As the barrel turns the vanes catch and lift the parts, which eventually slide down or fall.
In a wet process a compound, lubricant, or barreling soap is added to aid the finishing process, prevent rusting, and to clean parts. A wide variety of media is available to achieve the desired finished product. Common media materials include: sand, granite chips, slag, steel, ceramics, and synthetics. Moreover, these materials are available in a wide variety of shapes. Usually different shapes are used in the same load to reach into every geometry of the part.
Tumbling is an economical finishing process because large batches of parts can be run with little or no supervision by the operator. A full cycle can take anywhere from 6 to 24 hours with the barrel turning at 20 to 38 RPM. Tumbling is usually most efficient with the barrel half full. Some processes also use a filter system to allow parts or other materials in the cylinder to be separated.
The disadvantages of this process are that the abrasive action cannot be limited to only certain areas of the part, cycle times are long, and the process is noisy.
Specific types
Barrel burnishing is a type of barreling where no cutting action is desired. The goal is to reduce minute irregularities and produce a clean, smooth surface. The parts are usually tumbled against themselves or with steel balls, shot, rounded-end pins, or ballcones to achieve this. It is also usually a wet process that uses water and a lubricant or cleaning agent, such as soap or cream of tartar. The barrel is not loaded more than half full and if media is used then a 2:1 ratio of media to parts is maintained to keep the parts from rubbing.
Centrifugal barrel tumbling uses a tumbling barrel at the end of a rotating arm to add centrifugal forces to the barreling process. This can accelerate the process 25 to 50 times.
mounts the workpieces onto spindles that rotate the parts opposite that of the media flow. This prevents the parts from interacting with each other and accelerates the cycle time, but extra time and cost are required to fixture the workpieces.
Glass
Stained glass shards used for mosaic glass are also tumbled. No abrasive is used, to avoid clouding the glass; there is only water as a lubricant. The object of this tumbling is to remove the sharp edges from the glass, so that it may be handled safely. As little as 8 hours of tumbling may be sufficient for tumbled glass.
Other
Tumbling is used to polish and smooth dice for recreational use, but it has the unfortunate effect of making their sides and faces somewhat uneven and thus making the dice less than fair.
Tumbling can be used in 3D printing to correct small artifacts on the printed objects, such as visible layers.
These techniques, although they take a long time, involve very little operator intervention and thus are very cheap. Small tumblers (one pound capacity) are available and inexpensive for home/hobbyist use. At the other end of the scale, professionals can use very large barrels to do a lot of work at once. The main disadvantage of tumbling is its limited scope - stones will be smooth and have semi-random shapes (like pebbles from the beach), and metals need to be relatively simple shapes, with no fine work.
See also
Ball mill, a process with some similarities to tumble polishing
References
Notes
Bibliography
.
Handicrafts
Industrial processes
Metalworking
Hardstone carving
Filth: The Mary Whitehouse Story is a 2008 British BBC Television drama written by Amanda Coe. Set in the 1960s, it recounts the initial campaigning activities of the British morality campaigner Mary Whitehouse. Julie Walters plays the part of Whitehouse, Alun Armstrong their husband Ernest, and Hugh Bonneville plays Sir Hugh Greene, the Director-General of the BBC, who is taken as embodying the liberalizing forces of the "permissive society" against which Whitehouse campaigned.
It was broadcast on 28 May 2008 on BBC Two, aired in the United States on 16 November 2008 as part of the Masterpiece series on PBS and was aired in Australia on 31 May 2009 on ABC1.
The script drew heavily on the Max Caulfield biography Mary Whitehouse (1976) and featured a degree of dramatic licence. For example, Whitehouse and others supposedly called their nascent group "Clean Up National TV" until their husband pointed out the unfortunate acronym - they then changed it to "Clean Up TV."
Among the many reviews published in the press were two contrasting examples in The Scotsman and The Sunday Times.
Additional cast
William Beck – David Turner, British playwright
Nicholas Woodeson – Harman Grisewood, Assistant Director General of the BBC
References
External links
2008 television films
2008 films
BBC television dramas
British television films
Luke Mossey is a British motorcycle rider competing in the 2021 British Superstock 1000 Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-10RR. Mossey has competed in a number of different classes during their career, including a wildcard ride in a 250 cc grand
prix.
In June 2021 Mossey was selected as a replacement rider for Team Pedercini competing at the British round of World Superbikes at Donington Park.
Career statistics
Correct as of 25 June 2012
All time
1. – Total includes all British Supersport Championship rides, riding in the Supersport Cup class doesn't count as a separate ride.
By season
Races by year
British 125cc Championship
British Superstock 600 Championship
British Supersport Championship
* Denotes season still in progress
Notes
1. – Mossey competed in the British 125cc ACU academy Cup.
2. – Mossey competed in the British Supersport Privateers Championship (Supersport Cup).
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
Living people
English motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
Zyvex Marine is a division of Zyvex Technologies, a molecular engineering company. Zyvex Marine develops boats that use Zyvex Technologies' proprietary nanomaterials.
History
Zyvex Marine was formally announced as a division of Zyvex Technologies on November 4, 2011. It is headquartered in Bothell, Washington. Zyvex Marine launched its first production boat on November 4, 2011.
In 2009, prior to becoming a formal division, Zyvex Marine created the world's first commercialized carbon nanotube enhanced (CNTe) carbon fiber prototype vessel called the 540SE. It was designed to offer a 75% reduction in fuel consumption costs based on lightweight nanomaterials used in its hull design.
In 2010, it created the first prototype vessel called the Piranha Unmanned Surface Vessel, which is a 54-foot (16.4 meter) boat made out of the same lightweight nanomaterials as the 540SE.
In 2011, Zyvex shipped its first production craft, a 54-foot lightweight boat.
Vessels
Piranha
The Piranha Unmanned Surface Vessel is a 54-foot (16.4 meter) vessel created out of lightweight nanomaterials. It was announced on February 19, 2010. The first Piranha began construction in February 2010 and was completed and initiating sea trials by October 2010. The Piranha concluded approximately 6 months and 600 nautical miles of sea trials in Washington state and Oregon state on April 4, 2011.
References
External links
Zyvex Marine
Nanotechnology companies
Kamrupi dialects are a group of regional dialects of Assamese, spoken in the Kamrup region. It formerly enjoyed prestige status. It is one of two western dialect groups of the Assamese language, the other being Goalpariya. Kamrupi is heterogeneous with three subdialects— Barpetia dialect, Nalbariya dialect and Palasbaria dialect.
In medieval times, Kamrupi was used in the Brahmaputra Valley and its adjoining areas for literary purposes in parallel with Sanskrit, both for prose and poetry. This went against the practices of literary figures of mid India like Vidyapati who used Sanskrit for prose and Maithili for poetry. In more recent times, the South Kamrupi dialect has been used in the works of author Indira Goswami. Poet and nationalist Ambikagiri Raichoudhury also used Kamrupi in their works to great extent. In 2018, the Kamrupi film Village Rockstars became the first from the region to be selected for India's official entry to the 91st Academy Awards. In 1996, another Kamrupi dialect film named Adajya directed by Santwana Bardoloi based on a novel by Indira Goswami titled Dontal Haatir Uiye Khuwa Haoda won the Indian National award as the Best Regional Film (Assamese) and Jury's special award.
Features
Phonology
The Kamrupi dialects have seven phonemes in contrast to the eight in standard Assamese dialect. The phoneme that is missing in the Kamrupi dialects is the close-mid back rounded vowel // (). In the Kamrupi dialects, this vowel is replaced by another vowel, a diphthong or a different form.
The treatment of ks as kh which is a notable feature in Early Assamese and the Kamrupi dialect has been found in Kamarupa inscriptions, such as inscriptions of Ratna Pala where ksitimatha>khimatha was used.
One of the most prominent features of Kamrupi is the use of initial stress, as opposed to penultimate stress in the eastern dialects, which effectively shortens the word (komora, Eastern dialect; kumra, Kamrupi dialect). Though standard Assamese follows the pan-Indian system of penultimate, Kamrupi shares the initial stress, with some difference, with the Bengali, where the initial stress system established itself as the dominant feature in the 16th century. In Kamrupi dialect too, the initial stress is a later development which is a result of contact with some linguistic group.
Medial vowels are thus rarely pronounced or largely slurred over.
In standard Assamese if a word has two /a/ sounds side-by-side, the first /a/ turns into an /ɔ/ or /ɛ/, a feature that became prominent in writings of Hema Saraswati, Harivara Vipra, Kaviratna Saraswati etc. In Kamrupi, two consecutive /a/ are tolerated (star: /taɹa/ (Kamrupi), /tɔɹa/ (Standard)). The early Assamese used pan Indian system of tolerance of both the parallel /a/. In disyllabic words, the second /ɔ/ becomes an /a/ (hot: /gɔɹam/, Kamrupi; /gɔɹɔm/, St. Assamese).
Epenthetic vowels are the rule in Kamrupi dialects, with even diphthongs and triphthongs appearing in initial syllables (haula Kam; haluwa St) (keuila Kam; kewaliya St), and a complete absence of diphthongs in the final syllables.
High vowels are feature of Kamrupi, in contrast to predominance of medial vowels in Standard Assamese. Kapur, tule, mul, tamul and khalu in eastern Assamese as against Kapor (cloth), tole (raises), mol (worth), tamol (betel-nut) and khalo (I have eaten) in Kamrupi.
The east Assamese favours de-aspiration as against aspiration of Kamrupi in same phonological context.
/x/ does not occur finally in Kamrupi, it does sometimes in eastern Assamese. In non-initial position Old Indo-Aryan sibilants become /kh/ and sometimes /h/, whereas in eastern Assamese it becomes /x/, e.g. Akha (Kamrupi) and Axa (Standard Assamese).
Morphology
Western Assamese shares morphological peculiarities with North Bengali. The plural suffixes in Western Assamese -hamra and -gila have parallel forms in North Bengali -amrah, the remote demonstrative plural and -gila, -gla. The plural suffixes of Kamrupi are very different from the eastern Assamese (Kamrupi: -gila, -gilak; Standard: -bür, -bilak). Kamrupi plural suffixes has continuity from ancient times, as opposed to late medieval appearance of bür and bilak in Eastern Assam.
Standard uses -loi in the dative case ending, Kamrupi uses the dative-accusative case ending -k or the locative -t (Kamrupi: ghorot/ghorok zaü̃; Standard ghoroloi zaü̃).
The instrumental sense -di in Kamrupi is increasingly accepted in the Standard now (Kamrupi:hatedi; Standard: hatere).
Kamrupi has the large variety of adverbial formations such as - ita, - ethen, - enke and - kahai, which are quite different in Eastern Assamese.
Pleonastic suffixes of East Assamese are distinct from those of Kamrupi like - ni, - na, - holi.
The enclitic definites are separate in both the languages.
In the Eastern variety - heten is used for past conditional, as against Kamrupi - hoi.
Formation of verbs from nouns and participles are more common in Kamrupi than Eastern Assamese.
Kamrupi has - lak and - ilak for third personal affix while East Assamese uses - le and - ile for the same (Kamrupi: xi khalak; Standard: xi khale).
Similarities with Eastern Assamese
According to Upendranath Goswami, differences between Kamrupi and east Assamese is not insignificant, they ranged over whole field of phonology, morphology and vocabulary.
Its unique features distinguish it from Eastern Assamese, there may some commonalities—case endings, conjugational affixes, pronominal roots, derivatives and vocabulary—that underscore a fundamental unity, nonetheless, Kamrupi dialect, with a long history of its own differs greatly from the eastern variety of Assamese.
Dr. Nirmalendu Bhowmik, while discussing similarity of Kamrupi with Eastern Assamese, observes that despite some similarity in morphology, there is absolutely no similarity in terms of phonology, though both languages shares few common words.
Comparison with other Eastern Indo-Aryan languages
Eastern Indo-Aryan languages share a common phonological structure.
Glossarial
There are differences in vocables of Kamrupi and Eastern Assamese, such that even common objects are denoted by different words. In eastern variety there are no generic terms to such English words like brothers and sisters, Kamrupi do have, such as bhak and bainak. Kamrupi also uses /soli/ for both boys and girls collectively for children, East Assamese lacks such forms.
Old Indo-Aryan words
Kamrupi retained many Old Indo-Aryan words.
Definition of the region
The Kamrup between Manas and Barnadi rivers, where Kamrupi is spoken, formed the capital area of two of three dynasties of the ancient Kamarupa kingdom (4th–12th century), with Pragjyotishpura (Guwahati) and Durjaya (North Guwahati). Kingdom existed as parallel to Davaka of central Assam. Absorption of Davaka by Kamrup marks eastward expansion of latter, which ultimately covered area from the Karatoya in the west to the temple of Dikkaravasini at Sadiya in the east, Bhutan in north and Northern Bangladesh in south.
Medieval
Mughals established four sarkars (administrative units): Bangalbhum, Dhekeri, Dakkhinkul and Kamrup; placing Kamrup in "Sarkar Kamrup".
The Kamrupi is currently prevalent in Mughal Sarkar of Kamrup. In late medieval times, Kamrupi literary style passed to eastern Assam.
The examples of medieval Assamese or middle Kamrupi are obtained from the 14th century from North Bengal, Western Assam and fewer in central Assam, and this was followed by a deluge of literary activity in the 16th century that accompanied the growth of Srimanta Sankardeva's Vaishnavite movement. The literary activities occurred throughout Assam and North Bengal, and influence of Kamrupi remain strong throughout.
Some features of Early and Middle Assamese which are still present in some dialects of Kamrupi Assamese and Central Assamese but absent in current Eastern Assamese (in italics):
"manusya sahasrar madhyato kono janase punyabase gyanak lagi yatna kare ......emane durlabh jnano tumat krpaya kaho". (Katha Gita, 1593-1597)
"āke śuni lakśminārāyane ghilāk khedi āhil. baṅɡāle khāibāk napāi gaṛar bhitarate śukhāi mare...tāhnār mukhat; āhnār sange (Kamrupar Buranji, 17th century)
barphukane maharajat janova rup kari sihatar manuhak maharajar thaik anai...sidikir parā (Tripura Buranji, 18th century)
Colonial
Kamrup passed to the British in 1824, and the colonial district, largely congruous to the Kamapitha and Mughal Sarkar became the Undivided Kamrup district in the post-colonial period.
Form spoken in Eastern Assam, come to notice due to translation of Bible in 1838 by American Baptist Missions, as part of conversion process. British adopted Eastern Assamese as the standard official language in 1873, due to recommendations of Christian missionaries. Whereas the Kamrupi was non-uniform, the eastern dialect was uniform over a large territory in eastern Assam. Nevertheless, Kamrupi pandits like Shyamal Choudhury, Amrit Bhushan Adhikary and Kaliram Medhi objected the imposition of eastern Assamese as official language of entire valley, especially in Kamrup due to distinctness and antiquity of Kamrupi language.
Modern
Since the center of literary activity has moved back to Guwahati in Kamrup, the standard based on eastern dialects has started acquiring Kamrupi dialectal elements in recent decades. For example, the instrumental case is -di in Kamrupi (hatedi, "with hand") and -re in eastern Assamese (hatere), and the Kamrupi form is increasingly common in the Standard.
These dialects are now spoken in the present districts of Kamrup Rural, western part of Kamrup Metropolitan, Nalbari, Barpeta, Darrang, and parts of Goalpara, Udalguri and Chirang. The name is derived from the colonial Kamrup district, from Kamarupa kingdom.
Scholarly views
Magadhi Prakrit, keeping north of the Ganga river, gave rise to the Kamarupa Apabhramsa dialects of Assam and North Bengal. Suniti Kumar Chatterji divides Magadhan dialects regionwise as Radha, Varendra, Kamarupa and Vanga
Sukumar Sen referring to ancientness of Kamrupi, wrote, "Assamese, or more appropriately the old Kamarupi dialect entered into Kamrup or western Assam, where this speech was first characterized as Assamese."
Upendranath Goswami wrote, "The Assamese language, coming from the west was first characterized in Kamrup or Western Assam whose boundary comprised in early times the whole of North-Bengal, including Cooch-Behar, Rangpur and Jalpaiguri districts of Bengal".
Literature
The early examples of Kamrupi writings and literature are copper plate seals of Kamrupi kings, issued in different parts of eastern and Northern India and the Charyapada, which is a collection of 8th-12th century Vajrayana Buddhist caryagiti, or mystical poems. Being caryagiti (songs of realization), the Charyapada were intended to be sung. These songs of realization were spontaneously composed verses, that expressed a practitioner's experience of the enlightened state. A manuscript of this anthology was discovered in the early 20th century, by Hariprasad Shastri in Nepal. It provides the examples of the Kamrupi and other eastern Indo-Aryan languages.
The writers of the Charyapada, the Mahasiddhas or Siddhacharyas, belonged to the various regions of Kamrup (Assam), Gauda (Bengal), Kalinga (Orissa) and Mithila (Bihar). A Tibetan translation of the Charyapada was also preserved in the Tibetan Buddhist canon.
The notable medieval Kamrupi literary figures are Rama Saraswati, Ananta Kandali, Sridhara Kandali, Sarvabhauma Bhattacharya, Kalapachandra Dvija and Bhattadeva, the father of Assamese prose.
Hema Saraswati and Haribara Vipra are two other well known Kamrupi poets. Hema Saraswati composed the "Prahlad Charitra" based on the Vamana Purana, while Haribara Vipra translated the Aswamedha Parva of the Mahabharata. Kaviratna was the author of the "Jayadratha Vadha". Their home was at Sila, a village within the Barpeta district. The writings of all these three poets are still extant. To a some what later period belonged Madhava Kandali and Rudra Kandali. The former versified portions of the Ramayana and the latter composed, in Kamrupi verse, portions of the Mahabharata.
Sankara Deva who was born in 1449 A.D., refers to Madhava Kandali as one of the reputed poets belonging to an earlier age. It may therefore place both Madhava Kandali and Rudra Kandali towards the end of the fourteenth century. In their Ramayana, Madhava Kandali themselves states that their other name was Kaviraj-Kandali and that though they could easily compose verses in Sanskrit they composed the Ramayana in Assamese verse for the benefit of the people at large. Madhava Kandali wrote also another poem entitled "Devajit." Sixteenth century, witnessed a great development of the vernacular literature of Kamarupa. The Yogini Tantra, a well-known Sanskrit work which gives the boundaries of the kingdom of Kamarupa, as it existed during the rule of the Pala kings, probably written in Kamarupa during the first pact of the sixteenth century. To this period it must also assign the compilation of the Behula Upakhyana by Durgabar Kayastha, a native of Kamakhya.
See also
Kamrup (disambiguation)
Kamrupi (disambiguation)
Notes
References
Kamrupi culture
Eastern Indo-Aryan languages
Assamese language
Paul Alfred Kwesi Aboagye (5 January 1925 – 19 June 2001) was a Ghanaian poet, essayist, novelist, and historian of the Nzema language.
Early life and education
Paul Alfred Kwesi Aboagye was born to the late Tufuhene Koame Aboagye of Nuba and madam Mary Bozomah Gyedu of Ebonloa in the Jomoro district of the Nzema people of Ghana. They started their elementary school education at Beyin on 5 February 1934 and completed their Middle school education in 1942. After working as a pupil teacher at Half Assini Roman Catholic Church school for one year, they proceeded to teacher's college at St. Augustine's College in 1944 and completed their teachers certificate 'A'.
Public service
The first post as a trained teacher was at Half Assini Roman Catholic church school where they taught final year middle school students in Form four. They were relocated to Bonyere Roman Catholic church school where they taught middle school forms three and four. They were subsequently promoted as a headteacher after two and a half years. They were also relocated to Beyin and Axim as a Headteacher. In September 1957, they made a career change from teaching and joined the civil service of Ghana as an Assistant Editor for Nzema publications and the Nzema newspaper kakyevolɛ at the Bureau of Ghana Languages. They were appointed an honorary general secretary of the Nzema Literature and Culture Association - an organization that had the first president of Ghana Dr. Kwame Nkrumah among its pioneering founders. They held the position of honorary general secretary for this association for 27 years and was then made its lifetime general secretary - a position they held till they died. They became an editor at the Bureau of Ghana Languages after two years on the job and was the pioneer Nzema language newscaster on a part-time basis at Radio Ghana when the Nzema language was introduced into the programs of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation in 1960. They retired from the Ghana civil service in 1981 as deputy Director of the Bureau of Ghana Languages. Their community leadership roles among the Nzema people in the Accra metropolis included being the President of the Accra/Tema Nzema association, head of the Ahwea clan, and chairperson of the Tawiafio residents association. In these roles, they excelled in bringing peace among people through non-adversarial conflict mediation and resolution using traditional mores and values of Nzema culture. They thus are able to save a lot of marriages that were in trouble.
Literary work
Among their numerous publications were:
Nzema née nrelenza edwɛbohilelɛ buluku (Nzema- English, English - Nzema dictionary)
Nzema aneɛ ne anwo mgbanyidwɛkɛ (history of the Nzema)
Ayɛne ( witchcraft)
Nzema edwɛkɛnzɔhɔ (similies)
Kpɔkɛdelɛ now folɛdule (advice on good health)
Asoo ɔ ye nwomenle ɔ (Could it be the wife's ghost - a novel)
Sele bie keyekye ɛ rɛle aha a (laugh and be comforted)
Sukoa Nzema maamelɛ ne (learn the Nzema culture)
Ekyi a ɛne wɔzɛ (a novel)
They also helped translate the old and new testament versions of the bible into Nzema and co-wrote a number of textbooks for junior and senior secondary school curricula. As at the time of writing, a posthumous publication of 'my wife's ghost'(a book they wrote) is almost complete and narrates the way in which the ghost of their first wife who died whilst giving birth, possessed their second wife at regular intervals.
Awards and honors
Ghana book and Development Council Award - 1978
UNESCO fellow - 1962
Life General Secretary - Nzema Literature and Culture Association
References
Bureau of Ghana Languages. Nzema buluku mɔɔ aneɛ kuane ne ɛyɛ la. Accra 1992
http://www.eupjournals.com/doi/pdf/10.3366/afr.2001.71.3.391
1925 births
2001 deaths
Ghanaian non-fiction writers
Ghanaian novelists
Ghanaian male poets
20th-century Ghanaian poets
20th-century novelists
20th-century male writers
Nzema-language writers
Lexicographers
20th-century non-fiction writers
Male non-fiction writers
20th-century lexicographers
Nina Vaskunlahti is a Finnish diplomat. They have been the Finnish Ambassador to New Delhi since 2016. Prior to that they were a Finnish Ambassador to Ankara between 2012 and 2016. They started working with the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1984.
Vaskunlahti has worked as a department head at the East Department of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs and as a Coreper I Ambassador at the Permanent Representation of Finland to the EU.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Finland to Turkey
Ambassadors of Finland to India
Finnish women ambassadors
The following is a list of the 449 communes of the Ardennes department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Ardenne Métropole
Communauté de communes Ardenne rives de Meuse
Communauté de communes Ardennes Thiérache
Communauté de communes de l'Argonne Ardennaise
Communauté de communes des Crêtes Préardennaises
Communauté de communes du Pays Rethélois
Communauté de communes des Portes du Luxembourg
Communauté de communes Vallées et Plateau d'Ardenne
References
Ardennes
Treat Records was an American record label founded in March 1955 by Murray Katz. It was based in New York City at 236 West 55th Street. Larry Newton, formerly of Derby Records, was the general manager. The label produced R&B and pop records. The label folded later in 1955, but all of its recordings have been re-released.
Artists
Treat had 8 releases, each on both 45 and 78 rpm. The initial artists under contract with the label were:
Extant discography
Original releases
Selected re-issues
T-501: Re-released on Lost-Nite 198
T-502: Re-released on Lost-Nite 143
References
General
Discography notes
Inline citations
Record labels established in 1955
Defunct record labels of the United States
1955 establishments in New York City
is a Japanese gravure idol who is affiliated with Asche. On July 13, 2009, they won the "Second Annual Meeting of the Japanese Idol Award" of Zakzak. They had working on producing industries, such as DVDs parallel to gravure and acting.
Filmography
Films
References
External links
Official profile at Asche
Profile at Sponichi
Profile at Mondo TV
Japanese gravure idols
1988 births
Living people
Actresses from Yokohama
Ben Doolan (born 10 January 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sydney and Essendon in the Australian Football League during the 1990s.
Doolan has been the proprietor of bus operator Australian Transit Group since 2004.
References
External links
1973 births
Australian rules footballers from New South Wales
Sydney Swans players
Essendon Football Club players
Albury Football Club players
Living people
Allies State of Origin players
Shibata Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.
Shibata Station (Aichi) - (柴田駅) in Aichi Prefecture
Shibata Station (Niigata) - (新発田駅) in Niigata Prefecture
Bollmaniulus is a genus of millipede in the family Parajulidae.
The following species are accepted within Bollmaniulus:
Bollmaniulus catalinae (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus concolor (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus furcifer (Harger, 1872)
Bollmaniulus hewitti (Chamberlin, 1919)
Bollmaniulus montanae (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus olympus (Causey, 1953)
Bollmaniulus olympus Chamberlin, 1940
Bollmaniulus pachysomus (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus pearcei (Chamberlin, 1943)
Bollmaniulus pugetensis (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus rhodogeus (Chamberlin, 1940)
Bollmaniulus signifer (Chamberlin, 1941)
Bollmaniulus spenceri Chamberlin, 1951
Bollmaniulus tiganus (Chamberlin, 1910)
References
Arthropods of North America
Julida
Animals described in 1926
Dame Louise Livingstone Martin, DBE (née Campbell; born 1946) is the President of the Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF).  They are also a Scottish sports administrator, retired athlete, nutritionist and former educator. They have previously chaired the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland and SportScotland, headed Scotland's successful bid to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games and played a key role in their organisation.
Career
Martin was born in 1946 in Dunfermline. In the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, aged 16, they competed in the 110 yards backstroke and 220 yards backstroke and reached the finals in both. They subsequently attended the Edinburgh College of Domestic Science, receiving a diploma in domestic science and food nutrition. They lectured there from 1969 to 1972, before teaching at Glenrothes High School and then, from 1973, at the Millburn Academy. They married in 1973, adopting their husband Ian's surname, stopped teaching in 1975, and had two children.
Financially secure thanks to their husband's successful furniture business, Martin turned to sports coaching and management. In 1990, they became a tutor with the National Coaching Foundation. They were President of Scottish Gymnastics from 1993 until 1999, and progressed to join the board of the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland in 1995; four years later, they became its first female Chair, serving until 2007. As Chair, they were instrumental in securing Glasgow's bid to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games, and as Vice-Chair of the organising committee was "a hugely influential figure in the successful delivery of the Games". They also chaired SportScotland from 2008 until 2016, during which time they were responsible for managing an increased budget ahead of the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2014 Commonwealth Games, including £30 million of investment in new facilities. They also served as the Secretary of the CGF from 1999 to 2015, and since 2015 has been the CGF's President.
Honours and awards
In the 2003 New Year Honours, Martin was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire "for services to the Commonwealth Games"; they were promoted to Dame Commander in the 2019 New Year Honours "for services to sport". They hold honorary degrees from Abertay University, Glasgow Caledonian University, the University of Stirling, the University of Strathclyde, and Heriot-Watt University. In 2002, they were named UK Sports Administrator of the Year by The Sunday Times.
References
See also
Louise Martin - Athlete profile, Commonwealth Games Federation.
Living people
1946 births
Scottish sports executives and administrators
Scottish swimmers
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
The following is a list of the 119 communes of the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Métropole d'Aix-Marseille-Provence (partly)
Communauté d'agglomération Arles-Crau-Camargue-Montagnette
Communauté d'agglomération Terre de Provence
Communauté de communes Vallée des Baux-Alpilles
References
Bouches-du-Rhone
Tony Bhullar is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Surrey-Newton in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005. They sat as a member of the BC Liberal Party.
Electoral record
|-
|-
|NDP
|Param Grewal
|align="right"|3,949
|align="right"|28.93%
|align="right"|
|align="right"|$32,318
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Valid Votes
!align="right"|13,649
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total Rejected Ballots
!align="right"|92
!align="right"|0.67%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|13,741
!align="right"|65.51%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
References
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Living people
People from Surrey, British Columbia
21st-century Canadian politicians
Independent MLAs in British Columbia
Canadian politicians of Indian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Guillaume de Littera (1371–1452) was a French Roman Catholic canon and provost in Aix-en-Provence as well as vicar in a diocese encompassing several localities in Provence. They became a large landowner after they inherited Meyreuil and Rousset.
Early life
Guillaume de Littera was born circa 1371. They grew up in a wealthy aristocratic family. Their father, Nicolas Vulpure de Littera (1333-1396), who received significant wealth from their first wife, Jacoba, was a notary. Their mother, Sancie de Roviera, was an heiress of Meyreuil. Their parents had nine children.
They received a Doctorate in Law.
Career
They became a Roman Catholic canon and later provost in Aix-en-Provence. In 1423, they donated their collection of books to the Cathedral of Aix-en-Provence.
In the 1420s, they had an argument with the Archdeacon of Avignon, and threatened to excommunicate him. As it were, the Archdeacon of Avignon excommunicated him. However, on January 26, 1429, their excommunication was overruled.
They were also an advisor to the King. In 1426, after the death of the Countess of Avellin, Alix des Baux (1367-1426), they received the Baronetcy of Aubagne from Prince Charles, the brother of the Count of Provence, Louis III. They also inherited Meyreuil from their mother and Rousset from an aunt.
They served as Vicar under Antipope Felix V in the Diocese of Nice, Vence, Glandevès, Senez and Vintimille. After their death, their service was discontinued. However, Pope Nicholas V forgave them in 1447, and they were Vicar in the diocese again by 1451.
Death
They died in 1452. Their three nieces inherited Meyreuil. Their illegitimate son, sometimes referred to as a nephew, inherited Rousset; however, their family members soon disinherited him.
References
1371 births
1452 deaths
People from Aix-en-Provence
15th-century French Roman Catholic priests
The Order of Charlemagne () is the only order and civil decoration issued by the Principality of Andorra.
History
The Order of Charlemagne was created 7 December 2007 by the Minister of Culture Juli Minoves Triquell with the purpose to "reward the merits of those who have excelled in their field of work and who have made outstanding services to the Andorran State".
The name of the order was given to honour the figure of the founder of the Principality of Andorra, Emperor Charlemagne of the Franks, who granted sovereignty to the people of the "Valleys of Andorra" in gratitude for helping them fight the Saracens. Since then, Charlemagne has been a national symbol for the principality.
Organisation
The Grand Master of the order is the prime minister of the Principality of Andorra, currently Xavier Espot Zamora. Grand Chancellor is the Minister of Culture, currently Sílvia Riva González.
The order is divided into four classes:
Collar
Grand Cross
Commander
Medal
Recipients in selection
José Luis Sampedro (2008)
See also
Charlemagne
References
http://www.rtva.ad/noticia.aspx?id=43819
Orders, decorations, and medals of Andorra
Awards established in 2007
2007 establishments in Andorra
Yang Hormat Dato' Sheila Majid (born Shaheila binti Abdul Majid, 3 January 1965), is a Malaysian pop singer who is best known for their 1986 song, "Sinaran". Them musical prowess especially in the genre of jazz music has led them to be dubbed as Malaysia's Queen of Jazz.
Biography
Sheila Majid was born in Kuala Lumpur, (then in Selangor state), Malaysia on 3 January 1965. Them mother is a native Malay with Mandailing ancestry whose great-great-grandfather was Sutan Puasa, the founder of Kuala Lumpur. Them father was a Malay of Javanese descent, whose great-grandfather had settled in Malaya after surviving a shipwreck en route to Java from a pilgrimage in Mecca. Them paternal lineage can be traced back to Raden Hussein, brother of Raden Hassan, the first Muslim sultan of Demak; both were princes of Probowo Wijoyo V of Majapahit.
They attended schools at Convent Goodshepherd Kindergarten, Methodist Girls Primary School and Methodist Girls Secondary School, all in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Personal life
In 1989, they were married to Roslan Aziz, who was the producer of their previous albums. They have two children from this marriage, Wan Nur Khaleda (born 1991) and Megat Abdul Majid (born 1994), but has since divorced them in 1996. Them daughter, Wan Nur Khaleda also follows their mother's footsteps as a singer, though more into hip hop music under the stage name of 'Kayda'.
Achievements and career highlights
1985: debut album Dimensi Baru
1986: second album Emosi locally in Malaysia and also in Indonesia.
1987: first non-native to win Indonesia's BASF award for Best Female R&B Artist.
1988: third studio album Warna
1989:
wins America's International Star Search Award for Best Female Vocalist.
performed at the Tokyo Music Festival.
1990: first Malaysian artist to break into Japan with their albums Emosi and Warna, as well as their single "Sinaran"
fourth studio album Legenda
1991: Legenda concert at Stadium Negara in Kuala Lumpur.
1996: first Malaysian artist to stage a solo show in London's West End at the Royalty Theatre
Performs at the Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London.
2000: performed at the Petronas Philharmonic Hall in Kuala Lumpur to commemorate their fifteenth anniversary in the music industry.
sixth studio album Ku Mohon is named Best Pop Album and its title track won Song of the Year at Malaysia's Anugerah Industri Muzik.
invited to represent Malaysia in Jakarta, Indonesia for a concert entitled Diva SEA
2004: seventh album Cinta Kita, produced by Warner Music Indonesia, topped the Indonesian pop charts
2006: re-release of Legenda XV XX album under EMI Malaysia.
2012: Received "Anugerah Khas Planet Muzik" (Notable Award) in the 11th Anugerah Planet Muzik at the Max Pavilion, Singapore in recognition of their 27 years in music industry.
2013: regional brand ambassador for Reckitt Benckiser's Strepsils since 1 February.
2017: first new studio album in 13 years Boneka released.
Honours
On 24 October 2008, Sheila became the only local artist to receive the Darjah Indera Mahkota Pahang (DIMP) which carries the title of Dato' in conjunction with the 78th Birthday of the Sultan of Pahang, Sultan Ahmad Shah at the Abu Bakr Palace in Pekan, Pahang.
Honours of Malaysia
Darjah Indera Mahkota Pahang (DIMP) - Dato'
References
External links
Official site
Discography
1965 births
Living people
People from Kuala Lumpur
Malaysian women pop singers
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian people of Javanese descent
People of Batak descent
Mandailing people
Malaysian Muslims
Malay-language singers
Indonesian-language singers
21st-century Malaysian women singers
20th-century Malaysian women singers
Malaysian pop rock singers
Malaysian rhythm and blues singers
Malaysian jazz singers
Malaysian film actores
Malaysian television actores
Moroccan people of Malay descent
Saudi Arabian people of Malay descent
Chushi C. Kasanda (born 15 February 1978) is a Zambian politician.
Kasanda is a member of the National Assembly of Zambia for Chisamba.  They are a member of the United Party for National Development.
References
Living people
1978 births
Zambian politicians
United Party for National Development politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Zambian women politicians
21st-century Zambian politicians
The Odeon of Lyon () is a small ancient Roman theatre (an odeon) near the summit of the Fourvière hill in Lyon, France. It forms a pair with the Ancient Theatre of Fourvière, one of only two such pairs in Gaul (the other is in Vienne). Along with other buildings in Lyon, it was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1998, protecting Lyon's long history as a powerful city and its unique architecture.
History
The ruins were still visible in the sixteenth century and was wrongly considered at the time as the amphitheater where the persecution in Lyon took place in 177. Sometimes regarded as a theater or auditorium by various authors (Claude Bellièvre, Gabriel Simeoni, Guillaume Paradin), the monument appeared in several texts and plans and was eventually deemed as a cultural building.
The Odeon was built in the early to mid-second century. Archaeologists are reluctant on the date of its construction. The excavators date the building of the same period as the extension of the theater during the reign of Hadrian. It has a 73-meter diameter and a 3,000-seat capacity, which justifies its classification as Odeon, i.e. a covered building used for musical performances and reading public, less popular than the theater performances.
It was also used as a meeting room for the notables of the city.
See also
Ancient Theatre of Fourvière
Amphitheatre of the Three Gauls
Nuits de Fourvière
References
Roman Lyon
5th arrondissement of Lyon
Buildings and structures in Lyon
Tourist attractions in Lyon
Ruins in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Alan Hargreaves (born 1931) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Born in Thornhill, Hargreaves played for Bradford City.
For Bradford City they made 3 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1931 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Muḥammad ʿUthmān Jalāl (1829 - 1898) was an Egyptian dramatist, translator and author.
One of the most prolific adapters of French plays and literary texts by La Fontaine, Bernardin de Saint-Pierre, Molière, and Racine, Muhammad 'Uthman Jalal (known as Galal), was the son of a minor official of Turkish ancestry who had married an Egyptian woman.
They rendered in Egyptian dialect several plays by Molière, including a version of Tartuffe, Al-Shaykh Matlūf.
Bibliography
References
1829 births
1898 deaths
20th-century Egyptian writers
Egyptian dramatists and playwrights
Veronica Dunne may refer to:
Veronica Dunne (actor), actor in K.C. Undercover
Veronica Dunne (soprano) (1927–2021), Irish opera singer and singing teacher
The 2011 Formula Future Fiat season was the second Formula Future Fiat season. It began on 27 March at Londrina and will end on October 30 at Velopark, after 12 races to be held at six meetings.
Guilherme Silva won the championship, taking two victories and four second places for a championship-winning margin of 7 points over runner-up Luir Miranda. Miranda talking two wins at Brasilía and Londrina. John Louis finished the season in third place, taking victories at first and second meetings at Interlagos, Londrina and Curitiba. Guilherme Salas and Victor Franzoni earned two wins each.
Drivers
All cars are powered by FPT engines and use Signatech chassis. All drivers were Brazilian-registered.
Race calendar and results
All races were held in Brazil.
Championship Standings
Points were awarded as follows:
References
External links
Official website of the Formula Future Fiat
Formula Future Fiat
Allinge Church () is the parish church of Allinge-Sandvig on the Danish island of Bornholm. It stands at the centre of Allinge on a hill some 11 metres above sealevel. Initially just a small granite longhouse from the around the 14th century, in 1892 it was completely rebuilt in the Neogothic style.
History
The earliest documented record of the church dates from 1569 when it was known as "Alende Capell" (Alende Chapel). With the Reformation it passed from the Archbishopric of Lund to the Danish crown but is now fully independent. Until 1941, it was an annex to Sankt Ols Kirke.
Architecture
The late-Gothic longhouse, the oldest section of the structure, is built of rough granite fieldstone with brick-framed wall openings. The upper rounded arches of the old north and south doors have been almost completely removed by more recent windows while the arched windows which, together with the north door, can be seen in a painting of the church from c. 1750. The tower, which is rather narrower than the longhouse, dates from the 16th century. The west door is from 1865 when the upper part of the tower was rebuilt.
In 1892, the church was comprehensively renovated by Mathias Bidstrup. The entire eastern part was torn down and replaced by two transepts and, at the far eastern end, a chancel. Further interior restoration work, including repainting, was carried out in 1992 by Jørn Appel from Rønne.
The roof is tiled in old oak. The outer walls are limewashed over and painted yellow.
Artifacts and fittings
The altarpiece, of which only the base remains, is from c. 1625. It has now been relocated at the far end of the chancel. The granite font is from 1890. The Renaissance pulpit from 1650 is decorated with ten carved panels, four of which contain statues of the evangelists. The western gallery is new, replacing an earlier structure. The Frobenius organ, now in the north transept, dates from 1962.
References
Churches in Bornholm
Churches completed in 1892
Cultural cringe, in cultural studies and social anthropology, is an internalized inferiority complex that causes people in a country to dismiss their own culture as inferior to the cultures of other countries.
It is closely related to the concept of colonial mentality and is often linked with the display of anti-intellectual attitudes towards thinkers, scientists, and artists who originate from a colony or former colony. It can also be manifested in individuals in the form of cultural alienation.
Origin
In 1894, Australian bush poet Henry Lawson wrote in their preface to their Short Stories in Prose and Verse:
The term "cultural cringe" was coined in Australia after the Second World War by the Melbourne critic and social commentator A. A. Phillips, and defined in an influential and highly controversial 1950 essay of the same name. It explored ingrained feelings of inferiority that local intellectuals struggled against, and which were most clearly pronounced in the Australian theatre, music, art and letters. The implications of these insights potentially applied to all former colonial nations, and the essay is now recognised as a cornerstone in the development of post-colonial theory in Australia. In essence, Phillips pointed out that the public widely assumed that anything produced by local dramatists, actors, musicians, artists and writers was necessarily deficient when compared against the works of their European and American counterparts. In the words of the poet Chris Wallace-Crabbe (quoted by Peter Conrad), Australia was being made to rhyme with failure. The only ways local arts professionals could build themselves up in public esteem was either to follow overseas fashions, or, more often, to spend a period of time working in Britain.
As Lawson continued in their 1894 preface: "The same paltry spirit tried to dispose of the greatest of modern short-story writers as 'The Californian Dickens', but America wasn't built that way – neither was Bret Harte!" The cultural cringe of Australians and the cultural swagger of Americans reflects deep contrasts between the American and the Australian experiences of extricating themselves from English apron-strings. Dealing specifically with Australia, Phillips pointed out that sport has been the only field in which ordinary people accepted that their nation was able to perform and excel internationally. Indeed, while they prided themselves on the qualities of locally produced athletes and sportsmen, whom they invariably considered first rate, Australians behaved as if in more intellectual pursuits the nation generated only second-rate talent. Some commentators believe that cultural cringe contributes to the perceived anti-intellectualism that has underpinned public life in Australia.
By country
Australia
The term cultural cringe is most commonly used in Australia, where it is believed by some to be a widely accepted facet of Australian culture.
In Another Look at the Cultural Cringe, the Australian academic Leonard John Hume examined the idea of cultural cringe as an oversimplification of the complexities of Australian history and culture. Their controversial essay argues that "The cultural cringe ... did not exist, but it was needed, and so it was invented." A manifestation of Australian cultural cringe can be expressed in the almost obsessive curiosity of Australians in wanting to know what foreigners think of Australia and its culture.
Some commentators claim the cultural cringe particularly affects local television programming in Australia, which is heavily influenced by imported shows, mainly of American and British origin. The Federal government has legislated to keep a quota of Australian content.
Some argue that a form of cultural cringe resulted in anti-heritage attitudes which led to the demolition of many world class pre-war buildings in Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney, destroying some of the world's best examples of Victorian architecture. Modernism was promoted to many Australians as casting off imperial Europe to rebuild a new independent identity, and the existing pre-war architecture, which was a feature of Australian cities, was denigrated. This resulted in many calls to demolish the Royal Exhibition Building, labelled the derogatory term "white elephant". It was not until Queen Elizabeth II granted the building Royal status that Australians began to recognise its value. The building became the first in Australia to be given World Heritage status. This reaction against the cultural cringe continues in some fields such as architecture, where local architects are shunned for using introduced styles.
It has also been claimed that cultural cringe has led to federal government information technology contracts going to large foreign multinationals, rather than domestic IT companies.
Convict stain is another manifestation of cultural cringe. For several generations following the cessation of penal transportation, many Australians felt a sense of shame about being descended from convicts, and many did not even attempt to investigate their families' origins for fear of finding convicts in their lineage. In recent decades community attitudes have changed, and many Australians with convict ancestors are now more comfortable investigating and discussing their past, wearing their forebears' status almost as a badge of pride. Colloquially, attempts by non-Australians to negatively connote convict pasts are laughed off by Australians, who are now more inclined to associate criminal forebears as evidence for the possession of more positively perceived Australian attributes such as anti-authoritarianism.
Brazil
In Brazil, the phrase complexo de vira-lata (the "Mongrel complex") denotes the same as cultural cringe. It was allegedly coined by playwright and journalist, Nelson Rodrigues, in the 1950s. The term is often evoked to criticize some attitude by any Brazilian toward a foreign culture or politics deemed as submissive and self-dismissive.
Canada
Many cultural commentators in Canada have suggested that a similar process also operates in that country. Nearly all Canadian cultural industries, including music, film, television, literature, visual art and theatre, have had to struggle to some extent against a perception among Canadian audiences that Canadian works in those fields were less important or worthy than American or British works. The specific phrase "cultural cringe" is not widely used to label the phenomenon in Canada, although it has been used in isolated instances; more typically, Canadian cultural commentators speak of a "Canadian inferiority complex" or label specific instances of the phenomenon with satirical terms such as "beaver hour".
Prior to the 1970s, Canadian radio stations gave almost no airtime to Canadian music, and apart from CBC Television, Canadian television stations spent very little money on Canadian-produced programming; in response the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) developed Canadian content requirements for radio and broadcasters.
New Zealand
New Zealanders are said to suffer from a cultural cringe, which has been wearing off in recent years. The New Zealand English accent is said to have been influenced by a cultural cringe since the 1900s but it too is lessening in recent years. It appears that the attitude has lessened markedly in the 2000s following the success of the award-winning The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy which showcased much New Zealand scenery and film-making talent and boosted international awareness of New Zealand. The TV show Flight of the Conchords, which screened on HBO in the United States from 2007–2009, furthered American and international awareness of New Zealand, as have motion pictures such as The World's Fastest Indian.
Scotland
Scottish First Minister Jack McConnell claimed a "Scottish cringe" in relation to Scotland's disdain for free enterprise.
Connection with cultural alienation
The cultural cringe is tightly connected with cultural alienation, the process of devaluing or abandoning one's own culture or cultural background. A person who is culturally alienated places little value on their own or host culture, and instead hungers for that of a – sometimes imposed – colonising nation. The post-colonial theorists Bill Ashcroft, Gareth Griffiths and Helen Tiffin link alienation with a sense of dislocation or displacement some peoples (especially those from immigrant cultures) will feel when they look to a distant nation for their values. Culturally alienated societies often exhibit a weak sense of cultural self-identity and place little worth on themselves. It has been argued that the most common manifestation of this alienation among peoples from post-colonial nations at present is an appetite for all things American, from television and music, to clothing, slang, even names. However, the popularity of American culture across both formerly colonized and colonizer countries possibly negate this argument. Culturally alienated individuals will also exhibit little knowledge or interest in the history of their host society, placing no real value on such matters.
The issue of cultural alienation has led the Australian sociologists Brian Head and James Walter to interpret the cultural cringe as the belief that one's own country occupies a "subordinate cultural place on the periphery" and that "intellectual standards are set and innovations occur elsewhere." As a consequence, a person who holds this belief is inclined to devalue their own country's cultural, academic and artistic life, and to venerate the "superior" culture of another (colonising) country.
A more sophisticated approach to the issues raised by the cultural cringe, as felt by artistic practitioners in former colonies around the world, was developed and advanced by the Australian art historian Terry Smith in their essay "The Provincialism Problem".
See also
Allophilia
Australian culture
Cargo cult (incl. metaphorical uses of the term)
Escapism
Exoticism
Law of Jante
Malinchism
Objectification
Oikophobia
Orientalism
Othering
Outsider art
Racial fetishism
Romantic racism
Plastic Brit
Plastic Paddy
Postcolonialism
Primitivism
Self-hatred (e.g. Self-hating Jew)
Shoneenism
Tall poppy syndrome
Wigger
Xenocentrism
References
Further reading
A.A. Phillips, The Australian Tradition : Studies in Colonial Culture, Melbourne, Cheshire, 1958
Cultural studies
Australian culture
Jan-Lukas Funke (born 20 July 1999) is a German footballer.
References
Living people
1999 births
Association football defenders
German footballers
RB Leipzig players
TSV 1860 Munich players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
Eintracht Braunschweig II players
FC Viktoria Köln players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Bellamy Storer may refer to:
Bellamy Storer (politician, born 1796) (1796–1875), U.S. Representative from Ohio, served in the 24th Congress
Bellamy Storer (politician, born 1847) (1847–1922), their son, U.S. Representative from Ohio, served in the 52nd and 53rd Congresses
James Douglas Unnever (born January 9, 1953) is an American criminologist and professor of criminology at the University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee. In 2010, they were ranked the 5th most innovative author in the US of papers for criminology and criminal justice journals.  They are known for their work on race and crime in the United States, such as the relationship between racial resentment and public support for punitive policies.
References
External links
Faculty page
1953 births
Living people
University of South Florida faculty
New Mexico State University alumni
University of Florida alumni
Duke University alumni
American criminologists
Fabrizio Freda (born 31 August 1957 in Naples) is an Italian business executive.
Biography
Freda was born in Naples and graduated from University of Naples Federico II in March 1981.
Career
They were appointed president and chief executive officer of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. on July 1, 2009, succeeding William P. Lauder. They had joined the company in March 2008, when they were appointed president and chief operating officer.
They were previously president of Procter & Gamble's Global Snacks division. Freda joined P&G in 1982 and spent 10 years in the health and beauty division.
Their total calculated compensation in 2016 as chief executive officer, president and director at The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. was $48,369,401.
References
Italian businesspeople
Businesspeople from Naples
1957 births
Living people
Estée Lauder Companies people
Procter & Gamble people
University of Naples Federico II alumni
The Diocese of North Queensland is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia, founded in 1879. It is situated in the northern part of the state of Queensland, Australia. As part of the Province of Queensland, it covers the Torres Strait Islands in the north, the entire Cape York Peninsula and the cities of Mount Isa, Cairns, Townsville and Mackay. The diocesan cathedral is St James' Cathedral, Townsville. The Bishop of North Queensland is Keith Ronald Joseph, who was consecrated and installed on 31 March 2019.
Structure
There are 54 parishes in the diocese, supported by 120 licensed clergy as of February 2015. The diocese owns and operates St Mark's College, a residential college for men and women at James Cook University, Townsville.
The diocese extends its pastoral care through the following ministries:
Anglicare North Queensland
The Good Shepherd Nursing Home, Townsville (co-trustee)
The Good Shepherd Lodge (Aged Persons Home), Mackay
The Diocese of North Queensland supports of Wontulp-bi-Buya College in Cairns which specialises in indigenous adult education including theological studies. This college is an ecumenical venture and is the Queensland partner of Nungalinya College, Darwin.
The Bishop of North Queensland is Keith Ronald Joseph, who was consecrated and installed on 31 March 2019.
Early history of the diocese
Prior to the establishment of the Diocese of North Queensland, the Anglican Diocese of Sydney had responsibility for all areas of Australia outside a diocese.
The Anglican Church commenced its ministry in the region in 1870 with the arrival in Townsville of James Adams, newly graduated from Moore Theological College in Sydney. As there were no church building in Townsville, services were conducted in the Townsville Court House until Adams could arrange for a church to be constructed.
The Diocese of North Queensland was established in 1879 from that part of the Diocese of Sydney lying north of 22°S latitude in the State of Queensland. In 1900 the Diocese of Carpentaria was formed from part of the northern area of the diocese, but in 1996 this action was reversed.
Bishops
Assistant bishops
Assistant bishops serving the Aboriginal people
Arthur Malcolm (bishop 1985–2000)
Jim Leftwich (bishop 2001–2010)
Assistant bishops serving the Torres Strait Islander people
Ted Mosby (bishop 1997–2000)
Saibo Mabo (bishop 2002–2015)
Other assistant bishops
Grosvenor Miles, who had been assistant bishop of Madagascar from 1938 to 1960, was assistant bishop of North Queensland from 1962 to their death in 1978. Their ashes are interred under the High Altar of St James' Cathedral, Townsville.
George Tung Yep: on 12 October 1985, John Grindrod, Archbishop of Brisbane consecrated George Tung Yep (hitherto archdeacon) and Arthur Malcolm (Arthur Alistair Malcolm ; hitherto a canon) assistant bishops of the diocese. Tung Yep was ordained on 10 February 1955, and was appointed regional bishop in 1988.
Ian Stuart served as an Assistant Bishop of North Queensland from their 1992 consecration until 1998, during which time they were also, in a vacancy in the diocesan See, Bishop Administrator.
References
External links
Diocese of North Queensland website
St James' Cathedral website
North Queensland
North Queensland
Christianity in Queensland
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of Queensland
Destin Wilson Sandlin (born September 17, 1981) is an American engineer and science communicator who produces the video series Smarter Every Day on their YouTube channel of the same name, which was launched in 2007. Sandlin also runs the YouTube channels The Sound Traveler, Smarter Every Day 2, and a podcast called No Dumb Questions with their friend Matt Whitman.
In early 2016, Sandlin was one of three YouTube personalities chosen to conduct a one-on-one interview with then-president Barack Obama after their final State of the Union address.
Background
Sandlin has a BS in mechanical engineering from the University of Alabama and an MS in aerospace engineering from the University of Alabama in Huntsville. While an undergraduate, they were awarded the University of Alabama's Outstanding Senior Award. They also minored in Business Administration while at the University of Alabama. Sandlin was, until late 2018, a full-time Missile Flight Test Engineer at Redstone Arsenal.  They are currently a PhD candidate at the University of Alabama Huntsville advised by Kavan Hazeli.
YouTube channels and podcast
Smarter Every Day
Sandlin began posting educational videos in 2007. Their first video reached one million views on July 10, 2009.
Sandlin formally launched the Smarter Every Day series on April 24, 2011, with a video titled "Detonation vs Deflagration - Smarter Every Day 1," which became the title format for subsequent videos and the sole focus of their YouTube channel. Episodes of Smarter Every Day feature Sandlin as the host and narrator, and revolve around scientific exploration and discovery. Sandlin's primary interest and educational background is in flight and space, which appear frequently in their videos. Other notable topics have included the submarine USS Toledo (SSN-769), the effects of hypoxia on the human brain, the Prince Rupert's drop, the physics of potato guns, the usefulness of snatch blocks, and a nearly-impossible to ride bicycle whose wheel steers in the opposite direction of its handle bars.
No Dumb Questions
In 2017, Sandlin began a podcast with their best friend from Wyoming, Matt Whitman. Whitman also runs the YouTube channel The Ten Minute Bible Hour.
Personal life
Sandlin was born and raised in Huntsville, Alabama, and currently lives there with their wife Tara, their two daughters, and two sons. Destin and Tara formerly lived in nearby Cullman.
Sandlin's family often appears in their videos. Since 2012, Sandlin has supported and partnered with "Not Forgotten", a charity that cares for orphaned boys in Peru.
Sandlin is an avid fan of the University of Alabama.
Sandlin is a devout Christian. Sandlin spoke at the 2015 Skepticon on their personal reconciliation of the search for scientific truth with their faith.
References
External links
No Dumb Questions, the podcast Sandlin co-hosts with Matt Whitman
1981 births
21st-century American engineers
American Christians
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American YouTubers
Articles containing video clips
Living people
Online edutainment
People from Huntsville, Alabama
Science communicators
University of Alabama alumni
University of Alabama in Huntsville alumni
American male YouTubers
Gui ( or ) is a Chinese surname.
Notable people
Gui Minhai (Chinese: 桂敏海 or 桂民海; pinyin: Guì Mǐnhǎi or Guì Mínhǎi; 1964-), also known as Michael Gui, is a Chinese-born Swedish book publisher and writer
Gwei Lun-mei (Chinese: 桂綸鎂; 1983-), Taiwanese actor
Gui Hong (桂宏; 1995-), Chinese footballer
Gua Ah-leh (歸亞蕾; 1944-), Taiwanese actor and singer
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Eastern Counties may refer to:
First Eastern Counties, English bus operating company formerly known as Eastern Counties Omnibus Company, now as First Norfolk & Suffolk
Eastern Counties Football League, football league in eastern England
Eastern Counties Railway, English rail company which became part of the Great Eastern Railway in 1862
Eastern Counties Regional Library, public library system in Canada
Eastern Counties Rugby Union, a rugby union governing body and rugby team in England
Eastern Counties 1, an English level 9 Rugby Union League
Archant, newspaper publishing company in eastern England known as Eastern Counties Newspapers until 2002
National Union of Agricultural and Allied Workers, former trade union in the United Kingdom initially known as the Eastern Counties Agricultural Labourers & Small Holders Union
Malaysia competed in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Malaysia won overall five medals and finished 17th in a medal table.
Medal summary
Medals by sport
Medallists
Athletics
Men
Track event
Women
Track event
Badminton
Field hockey
Men's tournament
Final round
Since both Malaysia and Japan were tied on points, a play-off game was played to decide the 3rd team.
Ranked 3rd in final standings
Football
Men's tournament
Squad
R. Arumugam
Wong Hee Kok
Hanafiah Ali
Wong Kuw Fou
P. Umaparam
Mohamed Chandran
Soh Chin Aun
Shukor Salleh
Wan Zawawi
Ali Bakar
Mohammed Bakar
Syed Ahmad
Mokhtar Dahari
Harun Jusoh
Namat Abdullah
Santokh Singh
Preliminary round; Group C
Second round; Group A
Bronze medal match
Ranked 3rd in final standings
Shooting
Men
Swimming
Men
Women
Weightlifting
Men
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
Bailén (archaically known as Baylen in English) is a town in the province of Jaén, Spain.
History
Bailén is probably the ancient Baecula, where the Romans, under Scipio the elder, signally defeated the Carthaginians in 209 and 206 B.C. In its neighbourhood, also, in 1212, was fought the great Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa, in which, according to the ancient chroniclers, the Castilians under Alphonso VIII, slew 200,000 Almohads, and themselves only lost 25 men. Although this estimate is absurd, the victory of the Christians was complete.
There is a convent that dates from 729.
In 1808, during the Peninsular War, it was the site of a series of clashes (the Battle of Bailén) at which General Castaños defeated General Pierre Dupont. The capitulation, signed at Andújar by Dupont on the 23rd of July 1808, involved the surrender of 17,000 men to the Spaniards, and was the first severe blow suffered by the French in the Peninsular War.
Economy
The town has many quarries, resulting in a reputation for craft products.
Significant Births
Felipe de Neve Founder of Los Angeles, California.
Gregorio Manzano Football coach.
Twin towns
Móstoles, Spain
Spétses, Greece
Yapeyú, Argentina
Notes
References
External links
Bicentenario de la Batalla de Bailen
Municipalities in the Province of Jaén (Spain)
The rufous-winged tanager (Tangara lavinia) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-winged tanager was first described as Castille lavinia by John Cassin in 1858, on the basis of a specimen collected by W.S. Wood, Jr. at the Isthmus of Panama. The generic name Tangara is from the Tupí word tangara, meaning dancer. The specific name lavinia is after the artist Lavinia Bowen. Rufous-winged tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC). Other names for the species include rufous winged tanager and Lavinia's tanager.
It is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara. Within the genus, it was placed in a species group with the bay-headed tanager and rufous-cheeked tanager by Isler and Isler in 1987. This placement is supported by mitochondrial DNA evidence. Within the species group, the saffron-crowned tanager is sister to the bay-headed tanager.
Subspecies
There are three recognized subspecies of the saffron-crowned tanager, which differ in the extent of blue on their undersides.
T. l. cara (Bangs, 1905): Occurs from extreme eastern Guatemala to Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica. Blue is present on the belly, but not on the throat or breast.
T. l. dalmasi (Hellmayr, 1910): It is found in Panama. It has a small spot of blue on the chin that does not extend to the breast.
T. l. lavinia (Cassin, 1858): The nominate, it occurs from extreme eastern Panama, along Colombia, to western Ecuador. It has a line of blue running down the center of its throat to the breast.
Behavior and ecology
Diet
The rufous-winged tanager feeds on insects and fruit.
References
External links
rufous-winged tanager
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
rufous-winged tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sergey Sergeyevich Lomanov (; born 2 June 1980 in Krasnoyarsk) is a Russian bandy player (forward), currently playing for Yenisey. They have been team captain of Russia, but during the 2018–19 season declined to continue with the national team.
 They are the son of Sergey Ivanovich Lomanov.
In 2016 they were part of the delegation received by President Vladimir Putin and was also selected as the best Russian Bandy Super League player for the fourth year in a row.
At the Opening Ceremony of the 2019 Winter Universiade they lit the fire, together with former gymnast Svetlana Khorkina.
Career
Lomanov started their career in Yenisey and made their senior debut in 1997. In 2005, they joined Dynamo Moscow, where they played for three seasons before returning to Yenisey in 2008. In 2016 they signed for IFK Vänersborg. As they partly grew up in Sweden, when their father was playing for IK Sirius, they now speaks fluent Swedish.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Russian bandy players
Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
Dynamo Moscow players
Expatriate bandy players in Sweden
IFK Vänersborg players
Russian Bandy Super League players
Elitserien (bandy) players
Bandy World Championship-winning players
Big Heath Conservation Park (formerly the Big Heath National Park) is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located in the gazetted locality of Spence about south-west of Naracoorte in the state's Limestone Coast region.
The conservation park is located on land in sections 17 to 20, 169 and 179, and Allotment 500 in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Spence. A drain known as 'Drain M', which is part of the drainage infrastructure built in the south east of the state since European settlement, passes through the south-east corner of the conservation park, carrying water from Bool Lagoon in the east to the sea at Beachport in the south.
Protected area status began for the land in sections 17 to 20 and 169 on 7 May 1964 when it was constituted under the Crown Lands Act 1929 as a wild life reserve. On 9 November 1967, it was constituted as the Big Heath National Park under the National Parks Act 1966. In 1972, it was constituted as a conservation park upon the proclamation of the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 on 27 April 1972. In 1993, section 179 of the Hundred of Spence was added to the conservation park. In 2010, a parcel of land known as Allotment 500 and which was dedicated as a conservation reserve known as the Big Heath Conservation Reserve under the Crown Lands Act 1929 on 9 December 1993 was added to the conservation park. , the conservation park covered an area of .
As of 1994, the conservation park was reported as supporting a "diversity of vegetation types which correlate with the topography and soils of the area" as follows:
The north-eastern corner has some higher land with "terra rossa soils" which "support a eucalypt woodland with a sparse understorey."
The north western end has a soil of "deep sands" which supports a "low woodland" of brown stringybark and pink gum with the "dominant understorey species" being desert banksia.
Limestone outcrops located throughout the conservation park's extent support woodlands of manna gum, South Australian blue gum and pink gum.
"Deep depressions" in the ground level typically lack "tree or scrub cover" and are surrounded by sedges. However, depressed areas in the south-eastern corner of the conservation park support several different plant associations. Firstly, the deeper depressions are surrounded by River Red gums of "varying age and densities." Secondly, shallower depressions are surrounded by a "dense heath" of mallee honeymyrtle, yellow hakea and prickly tea-tree and which support the following species as the ground elevation increases - broombush, grass tree and dwarf Sheoak.
Almost 20% of plant species recorded within the conservation park were introduced species with boneseed, a "scheduled pest plant" being the one of most concern.
As of 1994, visitor use was reported as being "low" and was mainly concerned with "nature study by the local and Naracoorte communities."
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category Ia protected area.
References
External links
Big Heath Conservation Park webpage on the Protected Planet website
Big Heath Conservation Park webpage on the BirdsSA website
Conservation parks of South Australia
1964 establishments in Australia
Protected areas established in 1964
Limestone Coast
Osteochilus salsburyi is a species of cyprinid fish found in Laos, northern Vietnam, and southern China.
Named in honor of physician Clarence G. Salsbury (1885-1980), American Presbyterian Mission of Hainan, for their interest and aid in Nichols' work.
References
Taxa named by John Treadwell Nichols
Taxa named by Clifford H. Pope
Fish described in 1927
Osteochilus
This is a list of British dramatists who wrote their plays in the 1950s or later.
A–G
Michael Abbensetts
Rodney Ackland
Jim Allen
Karim Alrawi
Jeffrey Archer
John Arden
Alan Ayckbourn
Enid Bagnold
John Roman Baker
Howard Barker
Peter Barnes
Mike Bartlett
Richard Bean
Alistair Beaton
Alan Bennett
Steven Berkoff
Tess Berry-Hart
Torben Betts
Alice Birch
Alan Bleasdale
Robert Bolt
Edward Bond
Leslie Bonnet
John Griffith Bowen
Howard Brenton
Jon Brittain
Moira Buffini
Gregory Burke
Margaret Busby
Leo Butler
Jez Butterworth
Glyn Cannon
Jim Cartwright
James Martin Charlton
Jimmy Chinn
Caryl Churchill
Ray Cooney
Noël Coward
Martin Crimp
Patricia Cumper
Sarah Daniels
April De Angelis
Shelagh Delaney
William Douglas-Home
Stuart Draper
Nell Dunn
David Edgar
David Eldridge
Inua Ellams
Ben Elton
Kevin Elyot
Tim Firth
Michael Frayn
Terence Frisby
Christopher Fry
Pam Gems
Juliet Gilkes Romero
John Godber
Simon Gray
Debbie tucker green
Bonnie Greer
David Greig
Trevor Griffiths
Nick Grosso
H–M
Christopher Hampton
David Hare
Zinnie Harris
Tony Harrison
Ronald Harwood
Sam Holcroft
Dusty Hughes
Stephen Jeffreys
Ann Jellicoe
Hywel John
Catherine Johnson
Terry Johnson
Sarah Kane
Barrie Keeffe
Dennis Kelly
Tom Kempinski
Hanif Kureishi
Bryony Lavery
Mike Leigh
Sue Lenier
Stephen Lowe
Clare Lizzimore
Sharman Macdonald
John McGrath
Tom McGrath
Jenny McLeod
Patrick Marber
Tony Marchant
Frank Marcus
Derek Marlowe
Mustapha Matura
David Mercer
Anthony Minghella
Adrian Mitchell
Colin Morris
John Mortimer
Tom Morton-Smith
Peter Morgan
Chloe Moss
N–Z
Bill Naughton
Anthony Neilson
Peter Nichols
William Nicholson
Joe Orton
John Osborne
Gary Owen
Paul O'Grady
Louise Page
Michael Pertwee
Caryl Phillips
Winsome Pinnock
Harold Pinter
Alan Plater
Stephen Poliakoff
Dennis Potter
David Pownall
J.B. Priestley
Peter Quilter
Terence Rattigan
Mark Ravenhill
Dan Rebellato
Lynn Redgrave
Michael Redgrave
Philip Ridley
David Rudkin
Willy Russell
James Saunders
Anthony Shaffer
Peter Shaffer
Ade Solanke
Colin Spencer
Simon Stephens
Tom Stoppard
David Storey
C. P. Taylor
Peter Terson
Ben Travers
Miles Tredinnick
Peter Ustinov
Laura Wade
Michael Wall
Timberlake Wertenbaker
Arnold Wesker
Peter Whelan
Hugh Whitemore
Nigel Williams
Roy Williams
Snoo Wilson
Charles Wood
Nicholas Wright
Benjamin Yeoh
See also
List of British playwrights
List of playwrights
List of Scottish dramatists
Lists of writers
Drama
In-yer-face theatre
Kitchen sink drama
Theatre
Stage play
Playwrights since 1950
Lists of dramatists and playwrights
Playwrights since 1950
Ypsolopha undulatella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona, Utah and Colorado.
The wingspan is about 20–24 mm.
The antennae are light fuscous with indistinct darker annulations. The labial palpi are white, dusted with black. The face, head and thorax are bluish white minutely dusted with black atoms, each scale being white with dark lines. The forewings are bluish silvery white, densely overlaid with black and brown in ill-defined wavy transverse lines. Each white scale is tipped with black. The apical part of the wing is strongly cupreous brown, especially around the edge. The hindwings are light fuscous, the abdomen is silvery fuscous and the legs are white dusted with black.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Alfred Bickel, also referred to as Fredy Bickel (12 May 1918 in Eppstein, Germany – 18 August 1999) was a Swiss football player and coach. They played as a forward for local club Grasshopper Club Zürich and the Switzerland national team, participating with the latter in the World Cup finals of 1938 and 1950.
They played 405 matches and scored 202 goals in the Swiss first division from 1935 to 1956, a period during which they won 7 league titles and 9 cup titles with Grasshopper.
They were a member of the Swiss national team from 1936 to 1954, earning 71 caps and scoring 15 goals, including one in their first-round victory over Nazi Germany in the 1938 World Cup.
Bickel is one of only two footballers ever to participate in World Cups before and after World War II, the other being Sweden's Erik Nilsson.
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
People from Main-Taunus-Kreis
Sportspeople from Darmstadt (region)
Swiss footballers
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
1950 FIFA World Cup players
Switzerland international footballers
Swiss football managers
Grasshopper Club Zürich managers
Swiss people of German descent
Association football forwards
Footballers from Hesse
German emigrants to Switzerland
Larry Lawrence or Laurence may refer to:
Larry Lawrence (gridiron football) (1949–2012), American football quarterback
M. Larry Lawrence (1926–1996), American millionaire and U.S. ambassador to Switzerland
Larry Laurence, pseudonym of Italian American tenor and musical theater performer Enzo Stuarti (1919–2005)
A set of dice is intransitive (or nontransitive) if it contains three dice, A, B, and C, with the property that A rolls higher than B more than half the time, and B rolls higher than C more than half the time, but it is not true that A rolls higher than C more than half the time. In other words, a set of dice is intransitive if the binary relation – rolls a higher number than more than half the time – on its elements is not transitive. More simply, A normally beats B, B normally beats C, but A does not normally beat C.
It is possible to find sets of dice with the even stronger property that, for each die in the set, there is another die that rolls a higher number than it more than half the time. This is different in that instead of only "A does not normally beat C" it is now "C normally beats A" Using such a set of dice, one can invent games which are biased in ways that people unused to intransitive dice might not expect (see Example).
Example
Consider the following set of dice.
Die A has sides 2, 2, 4, 4, 9, 9.
Die B has sides 1, 1, 6, 6, 8, 8.
Die C has sides 3, 3, 5, 5, 7, 7.
The probability that A rolls a higher number than B, the probability that B rolls higher than C, and the probability that C rolls higher than A AGE all , so this set of dice is intransitive. In fact, it has the even stronger property that, for each die in the set, there is another die that rolls a higher number than it more than half the time.
Now, consider the following game, which is played with a set of dice.
The first player chooses a die from the set.
The second player chooses one die from the remaining dice.
Both players roll their die; the player who rolls the higher number wins.
If this game is played with a transitive set of dice, it is either fair or biased in favor of the first player, because the first player can always find a die that will not be beaten by any other dice more than half the time. If it is played with the set of dice described above, however, the game is biased in favor of the second player, because the second player can always find a die that will beat the first player's die with probability . The following tables show all possible outcomes for all three pairs of dice.
Comment regarding the equivalency of intransitive dice
Though the three intransitive dice A, B, C (first set of dice)
A: 2, 2, 6, 6, 7, 7
B: 1, 1, 5, 5, 9, 9
C: 3, 3, 4, 4, 8, 8
P(A > B) = P(B > C) = P(C > A) =
and the three intransitive dice A′, B′, C′ (second set of dice)
A′: 2, 2, 4, 4, 9, 9
B′: 1, 1, 6, 6, 8, 8
C′: 3, 3, 5, 5, 7, 7
P(A′ > B′) = P(B′ > C′) = P(C′ > A′) =
win against each other with equal probability they are not equivalent. While the first set of dice (A, B, C) has a 'highest' die, the second set of dice has a 'lowest' die. Rolling the three dice of a set and always using the highest score for evaluation will show a different winning pattern for the two sets of dice. With the first set of dice, die B will win with the highest probability () and dice A and C will each win with a probability of . With the second set of dice, die C′ will win with the lowest probability () and dice A′ and B′ will each win with a probability of .
Variations
Efron's dice
Efron's dice are a set of four intransitive dice invented by Bradley Efron.
The four dice A, B, C, D have the following numbers on their six faces:
A: 4, 4, 4, 4, 0, 0
B: 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3
C: 6, 6, 2, 2, 2, 2
D: 5, 5, 5, 1, 1, 1
Probabilities
Each die is beaten by the previous die in the list, with a probability of :
B's value is constant; A beat it on rolls because four of its six faces are higher.
Similarly, B beats C with a probability because only two of C's faces are higher.
P(C>D) can be calculated by summing conditional probabilities for two events:
C rolls 6 (probability ); wins regardless of D (probability 1)
C rolls 2 (probability ); wins only if D rolls 1 (probability )
The total probability of win for C is therefore
With a similar calculation, the probability of D winning over A is
Best overall die
The four dice have unequal probabilities of beating a die chosen at random from the remaining three:
As proven above, die A beats B two-thirds of the time but beats D only one-third of the time. The probability of die A beating C is (A must roll 4 and C must roll 2). So the likelihood of A beating any other randomly selected die is:
Similarly, die B beats C two-thirds of the time but beats A only one-third of the time. The probability of die B beating D is (only when D rolls 1). So the likelihood of B beating any other randomly selected die is:
Die C beats D two-thirds of the time but beats B only one-third of the time. The probability of die C beating A is . So the likelihood of C beating any other randomly selected die is:
Finally, die D beats A two-thirds of the time but beats C only one-third of the time. The probability of die D beating B is (only when D rolls 5). So the likelihood of D beating any other randomly selected die is:
Therefore, the best overall die is C with a probability of winning of 0.5185. C also rolls the highest average number in absolute terms, . (A's average is , while B's and D's are both 3.)
Variants with equal averages
Note that Efron's dice have different average rolls: the average roll of A is , while B and D each average , and C averages . The intransitive property depends on which faces are larger or smaller, but does not depend on the absolute magnitude of the faces. Hence one can find variants of Efron's dice where the odds of winning are unchanged, but all the dice have the same average roll. For example,
A: 7, 7, 7, 7, 1, 1
B: 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5
C: 9, 9, 3, 3, 3, 3
D: 8, 8, 8, 2, 2, 2
These variant dice are useful, e.g., to introduce students to different ways of comparing random variables (and how comparing only averages may overlook essential details).
Numbered 1 through 24 dice
A set of four dice using all of the numbers 1 through 24 can be made to be intransitive.
With adjacent pairs, one die's probability of winning is 2/3.
For rolling high number, B beats A, C beats B, D beats C, A beats D.
A: 1, 2, 16, 17, 18, 19
B: 3, 4, 5, 20, 21, 22
C: 6, 7, 8, 9, 23, 24
D: 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15
Relation to Efron's dice
These dice are basically the same as Efron's dice, as each number of a series of successive numbers on a single die can all be replaced by the lowest number of the series and afterwards renumbering them.
A: → →
B: → →
C: → →
D: → → Miwin's dice
Miwin's Dice were invented in 1975 by the physicist Michael Winkelmann.
Consider a set of three dice, III, IV and V such that
die III has sides 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 9
die IV has sides 1, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9
die V has sides 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8
Then:
the probability that III rolls a higher number than IV is
the probability that IV rolls a higher number than V is
the probability that V rolls a higher number than III is
Three-dice set with minimal alterations to standard dice
The following intransitive dice have only a few differences compared to 1 through 6 standard dice:
as with standard dice, the total number of pips is always 21
as with standard dice, the sides only carry pip numbers between 1 and 6
faces with the same number of pips occur a maximum of twice per dice
only two sides on each die have numbers different from standard dice:
A: 1, 1, 3, 5, 5, 6
B: 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5
C: 1, 2, 2, 4, 6, 6'Like Miwin's set, the probability of A winning versus B (or B vs. C, C vs. A) is . The probability of a draw, however, is , so that only 15 out of 36 rolls lose. So the overall winning expectation is higher.
Warren Buffett
Warren Buffett is known to be a fan of intransitive dice. In the book Fortune's Formula: The Untold Story of the Scientific Betting System that Beat the Casinos and Wall Street, a discussion between them and Edward Thorp is described. Buffett and Thorp discussed their shared interest in intransitive dice. "These are a mathematical curiosity, a type of 'trick' dice that confound most people's ideas about probability."
Buffett once attempted to win a game of dice with Bill Gates using intransitive dice. "Buffett suggested that each of them choose one of the dice, then discard the other two. They would bet on who would roll the highest number most often. Buffett offered to let Gates pick their die first. This suggestion instantly aroused Gates's curiosity. They asked to examine the dice, after which they demanded that Buffett choose first."
In 2010, Wall Street Journal magazine quoted Sharon Osberg, Buffett's bridge partner, saying that when they first visited their office 20 years earlier, they tricked them into playing a game with intransitive dice that could not be won and "thought it was hilarious".
Intransitive dice set for more than two players
A number of people have introduced variations of intransitive dice where one can compete against more than one opponent.
Three players
Oskar dice
Oskar van Deventer introduced a set of seven dice (all faces with probability ) as follows:
A: 2, 2, 14, 14, 17, 17
B: 7, 7, 10, 10, 16, 16
C: 5, 5, 13, 13, 15, 15
D: 3, 3, 9, 9, 21, 21
E: 1, 1, 12, 12, 20, 20
F: 6, 6, 8, 8, 19, 19
G: 4, 4, 11, 11, 18, 18
One can verify that A beats {B,C,E}; B beats {C,D,F}; C beats {D,E,G}; D beats {A,E,F}; E beats {B,F,G}; F beats {A,C,G}; G beats {A,B,D}. Consequently, for arbitrarily chosen two dice there is a third one that beats both of them. Namely,
G beats {A,B}; F beats {A,C}; G beats {A,D}; D beats {A,E}; D beats {A,F}; F beats {A,G};
A beats {B,C}; G beats {B,D}; A beats {B,E}; E beats {B,F}; E beats {B,G};
B beats {C,D}; A beats {C,E}; B beats {C,F}; F beats {C,G};
C beats {D,E}; B beats {D,F}; C beats {D,G};
D beats {E,F}; C beats {E,G};
E beats {F,G}.
Whatever the two opponents choose, the third player will find one of the remaining dice that beats both opponents' dice.
Grime dice
Dr. James Grime discovered a set of five dice as follows:
A: 2, 2, 2, 7, 7, 7
B: 1, 1, 6, 6, 6, 6
C: 0, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5
D: 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 9
E: 3, 3, 3, 3, 8, 8
One can verify that, when the game is played with one set of Grime dice:
A beats B beats C beats D beats E beats A (first chain);
A beats C beats E beats B beats D beats A (second chain).
However, when the game is played with two such sets, then the first chain remains the same (with one exception discussed later) but the second chain is reversed (i.e. A beats D beats B beats E beats C beats A). Consequently, whatever dice the two opponents choose, the third player can always find one of the remaining dice that beats them both (as long as the player is then allowed to choose between the one-die option and the two-die option):
{| class="wikitable"
|- align="center"
! colspan="2" rowspan="2" | Sets chosenby opponents
! colspan="2" | Winning set of dice
|- align="center"
! Type
! Number
|- align="center"
| A || B || E || 1
|- align="center"
| A || C || E || 2
|-align="center"
| A || D || C || 2
|- align="center"
| A || E || D || 1
|- align="center"
| B || C || A || 1
|- align="center"
| B || D || A || 2
|- align="center"
| B || E || D || 2
|- align="center"
| C || D || B || 1
|- align="center"
| C || E || B || 2
|- align="center"
| D || E || C || 1
|}
There are two major issues with this set, however. The first one is that in the two-die option of the game, the first chain should stay exactly the same in order to make the game intransitive. In practice, though, D actually beats C. The second problem is that the third player would have to be allowed to choose between the one-die option and the two-die option – which may be seen as unfair to other players.
Corrected Grime dice
The above issue of D defeating C arises because the dice have 6 faces rather than 5. By replacing the lowest (or highest) face of each die with "reroll" (R), all five dice will function exactly as Dr. James Grime intended:
A: R, 2, 2, 7, 7, 7
B: R, 1, 6, 6, 6, 6
C: R, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5
D: R, 4, 4, 4, 4, 9
E: R, 3, 3, 3, 8, 8
Alternatively, these faces could be mapped to a set of pentagonal-trapezohedral (10-sided) dice, with each number appearing exactly twice, or to a set of icosahedral (20-sided) dice, with each number appearing four times. This eliminates the need for a "reroll" face.
This solution was discovered by Jon Chambers, an Australian Pre-Service Mathematics Teacher.
Four players
A four-player set has not yet been discovered, but it was proved that such a set would require at least 19 dice.
Intransitive 4-sided dice
Tetrahedra can be used as dice with four possible results.
Set 1
A: 1, 4, 7, 7
B: 2, 6, 6, 6
C: 3, 5, 5 ,8
P(A > B) = P(B > C) = P(C > A) =
The following tables show all possible outcomes:
In "A versus B", A wins in 9 out of 16 cases.
In "B versus C", B wins in 9 out of 16 cases.
In "C versus A", C wins in 9 out of 16 cases.
Set 2
A: 3, 3, 3, 6
B: 2, 2, 5, 5
C: 1, 4, 4, 4
P(A > B) = P(B > C) = , P(C > A) = 9/16
Intransitive 12-sided dice
In analogy to the intransitive six-sided dice, there are also dodecahedra which serve as intransitive twelve-sided dice. The points on each of the dice result in the sum of 114. There are no repetitive numbers on each of the dodecahedra.
Miwin's dodecahedra (set 1) win cyclically against each other in a ratio of 35:34.
The miwin's dodecahedra (set 2) win cyclically against each other in a ratio of 71:67.
Set 1:
Set 2:
Intransitive prime-numbered 12-sided dice
It is also possible to construct sets of intransitive dodecahedra such that there are no repeated numbers and all numbers are primes. Miwin's intransitive prime-numbered dodecahedra win cyclically against each other in a ratio of 35:34.
Set 1: The numbers add up to 564.
Set 2: The numbers add up to 468.
See also
Blotto games
Freivalds' algorithm
Nontransitive game
Condorcet's voting paradox
References
Sources
External links
MathWorld page
Ivars Peterson's MathTrek - Tricky Dice Revisited (April 15, 2002)
Jim Loy's Puzzle Page
Miwin official site (German)
Open Source nontransitive dice finder
Non-transitive Dice by James Grime
mgf.winkelmann Miwins intransitive Dodekaeder''
Maths Gear
Conrey, B., Gabbard, J., Grant, K., Liu, A., & Morrison, K. (2016). Intransitive dice. Mathematics Magazine, 89(2), 133-143. Awarded by Mathematical Association of America
Timothy Gowers' project on intransitive dice
Probability theory paradoxes
Dice
The 2nd Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1759, the 2nd general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 2nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1871 Nova Scotia general election, the 24th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 25th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 2nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Consent of the Networked: The Worldwide Struggle for Internet Freedom is a book written by Rebecca MacKinnon and released in 2012. It discusses internet censorship and the ways in which companies which manage internet communication are assuming responsibilities formerly held by governments.
Reviews
The review published in The Wall Street Journal described Consent of the Networked as "an excellent survey of the Internet's major fault lines". John Naughton's review in The Guardian said that the book will "find its way on to reading lists in political science" for those interested in the relationship between Internet and the government. Rachel Bridgewater's review in the Library Journal states, "She uses many real-life examples and anecdotes to illustrate the complex web of policy and technical infrastructure that allows governments and corporate interests to censor, surveil, and otherwise impede free expression and individual liberty."
See also
Consent of the governed
Internet censorship
References
External links
Internet ethics
Internet censorship
2012 non-fiction books
Information society
Books about the Internet
Mohamed Azzedine Azzouzi (born 20 September 1947) is an Algerian former middle-distance runner. They represented their nation in the 800 metres and 1500 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games. They won a bronze medal at the 1971 Mediterranean Games in the 800 metres.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Algerian male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Algeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Algeria
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Scalable video multicast is a new wireless multicast technology. In scalable video multicast, the video program subscribers can view the program in accordance with their link conditions. The scalable video multicast has been employed by many standards, such as MBMS, MBS, and DVB-H.
Traditional mobile networks were initially designed for unicast services, and may waste radio network resources by transmitting the same content in multiple copies to different users. With video multicasting, more efficient resource utilization would however be possible. Multicast service is therefore, a significant part of the current mobile services. Examples include the Multicast/Broadcast Service (MBS) over the WiMAX, the Multimedia Broadcast/Multicast Service (MBMS) within the LTE, the Digital Video Broadcasting services (e.g., DVB-T, DVB-H) defined in European Telecommunication Standard (ETS), and the MediaFLO presented by Qualcomm.
In mobile networks, all frames with multicast Receiver Address are transmitted at one of the rates included in a basic rate set. In order to guarantee coverage to all associated users, the transmission rate is typically fixed to one of the low basic rates. This limits the rate at which multicast data can be sent, for example, high-definition video is hard to send via multicast. To address this problem, scalable video multicasting (SVM) technology has been proposed. In SVM, video is encoded into one base layer (BL) and several enhancement layers (ELs) by using Scalable Video Coding (SVC) technique. The BL ensures the basic video quality of all users and each additional EL further enhances the quality of the video.
See also
Layered coding - general technique of similar approach:
LC EVC = MPEG-5 Part 2 - technique of similar approach, agnostic to Base Layer Video Codec
AV1 codec with Scalable approach mode
Scalable Video Technology umbrella of codecs, including: SVT-AV1, SVT-VP9 and SVT-HEVC encoders look up: Scalability Extensions (SHVC)
Computer compatibility
Scalable Video Coding - MPEG-4/AVC specific technique of similar approach
Video
William Michael "Mickey" McGee (born October 25, 1947, New Orleans, Louisiana, United States - died July 20, 2020) was an American drummer.
Biography
McGee spent their formative years in and around Phoenix, Arizona. While touring with the band Goose Creek Symphony, McGee met Linda Ronstadt, who would later remember them and serve as a major catalyst for their career.
McGee found their way to Los Angeles in the early 1970s and made their presence known in the local country rock community where they again attracted the attention of Ronstadt and record producer John Boylan. Boylan hired McGee to play on Ronstadt's 1973 album, Don't Cry Now, which went gold two years later. After the release of Don't Cry Now, McGee toured with Ronstadt, which gave rise to new relationships with other notables such as Jackson Browne, for whom they played drums on For Everyman.
What followed was a long but intermittent gig with the Flying Burrito Brothers that spanned a period from 1975 to 1981. As McGee's recording experience grew, so did their reputation as an experienced road warrior, making them the likeliest of candidates to assume the role of key sideman for the debuting RCA group, Juice Newton & Silver Spur. They agreed to be their drummer on a series of tours to promote their 1975 album of the same name, and concurrently was able to maintain their commitment to the Flying Burrito Brothers. Another side of McGee would be uncovered after the 1975-1976 Juice Newton tour ended, which was that of a songwriter. Along with collaborator Doug Haywood, McGee penned "Blue," to be recorded on the second Juice Newton & Silver Spur album, After the Dust Settles, released in 1977. Two years later Juice Newton would record McGee's composition "I'll Never Love Again" for the album Well Kept Secret, which was Newton's first album as a solo artist. "I'll Never Love Again" has since been covered by many other artists, and was also performed on network television.
McGee has been signed four times. They were on Capitol Records with Goose Creek Symphony, Cotillion Records with Warren S. Richardson Jr., Curb Records with the Burrito Brothers Band and Infinity Records with Blue Steel. They have recorded for Linda Ronstadt, Maureen McGovern, Chris Darrow, Jackson Browne, Keith Moon, Michael Dinner, Juice Newton, Rick Nelson, and J. D. Souther.
McGee has toured with Bobby Gentry, Linda Ronstadt, Ricky Nelson, Billy Joel, Juice Newton, Jackson Browne, J. D. Souther, Warren Zevon, and Chris Darrow. They have recorded under producers Peter Asher, Bruce Botnick, Mal Evans, John Boylan, Jimmie Haskell, Felix Pappalardi, Jerry Goldstein, and Jack Nietsche.
They died of complications from COVID-19 on July 20.
Selected discography
Artist Proof - Chris Darrow (1972)
John David Souther - J. D. Souther (1972)
Don't Cry Now - Linda Ronstadt (1973)
For Everyman - Jackson Browne (1973)
Two Sides of the Moon - Keith Moon (1975)
After the Dust Settles - Juice Newton (1977)
Terence Boylan - Terence Boylan (1977)
Well Kept Secret - Juice Newton (1978)
Hearts on the Line - The Flying Burrito Brothers (1981)
Hollywood Nights 1979-82 - The Flying Burrito Brothers (1990)
The Legend & the Legacy - Sneaky Pete Kleinow (1994)
References
1947 births
Living people
Musicians from New Orleans
American rock drummers
The Flying Burrito Brothers members
Musicians from Phoenix, Arizona
Musicians from Los Angeles
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
Monte Morello is the highest mountain (934 m.) in the Florentine valley, Italy. It is located to the north-west of Florence and it spreads across the borders of the municipalities of Florence, Vaglia, Sesto Fiorentino and Calenzano.
Morello
Monte Morello
Virginia Dale is a tiny unincorporated community located in northwestern Larimer County, Colorado, United States. Virginia Dale is situated in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains on U.S. Highway 287, approximately 45 mi (72 km) northwest of Ft. Collins and approximately 4 mi (6 km) south of the Wyoming border. In the late 19th century, Virginia Dale was a famous stop on the Overland Trail. The stage station, the last of its kind still standing, and its associated home, the Hurzeler House, are owned and maintained by the Virginia Dale Community Club.
Overland Trail stage station
The Virginia Dale stage station was established in 1862 by Jack Slade, former station manager at Julesburg, Colorado where they famously got into a dispute with Jules Beni. Beni had previously shot Slade five times but Slade survived and exacted their revenge by ambushing Beni, tying them to a fencepost and shooting off their fingers before delivering a coup de grace to the head. Slade kept Beni's ears as trophies. While station master in Julesburg, Slade met and breakfasted with Samuel Clemens, "Mark Twain" and made quite an impression upon Twain. Twain wrote about their encounter with Slade in their 1872 publication "Roughing It".
When Ben Holladay took over the Overland Stage in 1862, they changed the route, taking it south from Julesberg along the South Platte River to Greeley and then up the old Cherokee Trail through Latham, LaPorte, Virginia Dale, Colorado, and into Wyoming.
Virginia Dale was a "home station" on the Overland Trail, meaning that passengers could disembark, get a meal, and stay overnight in a hotel if the stage was delayed by weather or nightfall. Thirty to fifty horses were kept at the station which was located in a pleasant, grassy glade (or "dale") along a clear bubbling stream, later named Dale Creek. Slade probably named the post after their wife Virginia, whose maiden name might have been "Dale". Slade was an excellent stage manager as long as they stayed sober. Many stories credit them with outrageous actions from shooting up a saloon in LaPorte for serving their stage drivers whiskey, or for having "a fondness of shooting canned goods off grocery store shelves" to robbing the stage of $60,000 in gold, which later disappeared. Slade was fired as stage manager in November, 1862 after a drunken shooting spree at nearby Fort Halleck and left with their wife for Virginia City, Montana where they were hanged in early 1864 by angry miners.
The Virginia Dale stage station hosted many famous travelers such as author Albert D. Richardson ("Beyond the Mississippi") and an Illinois governor, probably Richard Yates. Samuel Bowles, editor of the Massachusetts Republican wrote in 1865,
"Virginia Dale deserves its pretty name. A pearly, lively-looking stream runs through a beautiful basin of perhaps one hundred acres, among the mountains - for we are within the entrances of one of the great hills-stretching away in smooth and rising pasture to nooks and crannies of the wooded range; fronted by rock embankment, and flanked by the snowy peaks themselves; warm with the June sun, and rare with an air into which no fetid breath has poured itself-it is difficult to imagine a loveable spot in Nature's kingdom."
The station itself was built with timber cut by Hiram 'Hi" Kelly, one of the first profitable cattle ranchers in the Laramie area.
In 1865 future Vice President Schuyler Colfax (then Speaker of the US House of Representatives) was detained at the post by Native American raids. It is possible that Virginia Dale served briefly as a telegraph station.
Settlement
After the construction of the Union Pacific Railroad in 1867, the stage stop was abandoned. Settlers began moving into the area in 1872, establishing the first school in 1874. The first church was built in 1880. The community was formerly the site of a post office and cafe along Highway 287 until the 1990s, when the cafe and post office were shut down. The area continues to be a region of cattle ranching. The original 1874 school still stands along U.S. Highway 287 and the original stage station still stands a short distance east of the highway. The U.S. Post Office at Livermore (ZIP Code 80536) now serves Virginia Dale postal addresses.
Historical marker
The settlement is memorialized by a bronze plaque just off U.S. 287 on the easterly side (about a mile north of the school and a few hundred yards north of the abandoned post office). The plaque reads as follows:
THIS MEMORIAL IS THE PROPERTY OF THE STATE OF COLORADO.
---
THREE-QUARTERS OF A MILE NORTHWEST FROM THIS POINT IS THE ORIGINAL VIRGINIA DALE. FAMOUS STAGE STATION ON THE OVERLAND ROUTE TO CALIFORNIA, 1862-1867. ESTABLISHED BY JOSEPH A. (JACK) SLADE AND NAMED FOR Their WIFE, VIRGINIA. LOCATED ON THE CHEROKEE TRAIL OF 1849. FAVORITE CAMP GROUND FOR EMIGRANTS. VICE PRESIDENT COLFAX AND PARTY WERE DETAINED HERE BY INDIAN RAIDS IN 1865. ROBERT J. SPOTSWOOD REPLACED SLADE.
---
ERECTED BY THE STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY OF COLORADO FROM THE MRS. J. N. HALL FOUNDATION AND BY THE FORT COLLINS PIONEER SOCIETY, 1935.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Virginia Dale has a warm-summer humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps. The hottest temperature recorded in Virginia Dale was on June 29, 2018, July 19, 2022, and July 21, 2022, while the coldest temperature recorded was on February 5, 2014.
References
Dan Rottenberg, 2008, The Death of a Gunfighter: The Quest for Jack Slade, the West's Most Elusive Legend, Westholme Publishing, LLC, Yardley PA, .
On pages 252-253 can be found a description of Slade's construction of Virginia Dale; p. 253 offers of a photo taken in 1870. Slade's decline into drunken escapades in Denver and Laporte (60 miles north of Denver) led to their replacement by Robert Spotswood, an Overland Stage Company official. Spotswood replaced Slade with Lem Flowers at Virginia Dale—Flowers would then cover what had been Slade's Denver - LaPorte - Virginia Dale inspection route; cf Chapter 15 "The Breaking Point" pages 263-275.
External links
The Overland Trail: Virginia Dale
Ghosttowns.com: Virginia Dale
Pictures of the Virginia Dale Stage Station.
1866 description of spending the night at Virginia Dale
Former populated places in Larimer County, Colorado
Ghost towns in Colorado
History of Colorado
1862 establishments in Colorado Territory
Nikephoros Ouranos (; fl. c. 980 – c. 1010), Latinized as Nicephorus Uranus, was a high-ranking Byzantine official and general during the reign of Emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025). One of the emperor's closest associates, they were active in Europe in the wars against the Bulgarians, scoring a major victory at Spercheios, and against the Arabs in Syria, where they held command during the first decade of the 11th century as Basil's virtual viceroy. A well-educated man, they wrote a military manual (Taktika) and composed several surviving poems and hagiographies.
Biography
Very little is known of Ouranos's origin, their early years or their family, and the chronicles represent them very much as a "new man". A prōtospatharios and asēkrētis Basil Ouranos, possibly an elder relative, is attested, and we know from Nikephoros's letters that they had a brother named Michael. Nikephoros Ouranos themselves first enters history in the early 980s, during negotiations between Byzantium and the Buyid ruler of Baghdad for the return of the renegade rebel general Bardas Skleros. After a first Byzantine embassy in 980, an Arab embassy under Ibn Shahram visited Constantinople in 982, and Ouranos is mentioned in its report as a confidant of the young Basil II, holding the high court position of epi tou kanikleiou (keeper of the kanikleion, the imperial inkstand). Ibn Shahram further mentioned that Ouranos's close association with the emperor made them an enemy to the powerful eunuch parakoimomenos, Basil Lekapenos, who had supervised the affairs of state for decades. During the negotiations, Ouranos functioned as the intermediary between the Arabs and the emperor, and they were subsequently chosen by the parakoimomenos to head a Byzantine delegation to Baghdad, which would take custody of Skleros.
Once in Baghdad, however, Ouranos was accused of either trying to poison or to negotiate in secret with Skleros, and was imprisoned. It is very likely that the charges against them were orchestrated by Basil Lekapenos, who wished to get rid of him. They remained in prison in Baghdad until after Bardas Skleros themselves was let go in late 986, and was back at Constantinople in 987. By that time, Basil Lekapenos had fallen from power and had died, and Ouranos continued to enjoy imperial favour. They were given the rank of magistros, and their influential position is evident from the fact that Saint Athanasius the Athonite appointed them as the first lay guardian (epitropos) of their monastery of the Great Lavra.
Following the death of the military governor (doux) of Thessalonica, Gregory Taronites, in battle against the Bulgarians in 996, Basil II appointed Ouranos as Domestic of the Schools of the West; in effect, commander-in-chief of the European field army. Following their success, the Bulgarians had penetrated deep into Greece, raiding and pillaging even unto Corinth in the Peloponnese. In 997, Ouranos assembled their forces at Thessalonica and marched south to meet them, while the Bulgarian Tsar Samuel, upon hearing of their coming, turned north. The two armies eventually met on the banks of the river Spercheios in Central Greece, which was flooded due to heavy rainfall in the preceding days, rendering it impassable. Both armies thus encamped on opposite shores of the river. The Bulgarians, confident that the Byzantines could not cross the river, neglected to station guards. Ouranos, however, found a ford further upstream, took their army across during the night, and attacked the Bulgarian camp. The battle was a rout, as the majority of the Bulgarians, caught unawares, were either killed or captured. Even Tsar Samuel and their son were wounded and only escaped by lying among the slain.
Ouranos continued campaigning in the area over the next years, although no information about their operations is provided by the chronicler Skylitzes, the main source. In December 999, Ouranos was appointed doux of Antioch in Syria, one of the most important Byzantine regional military commands. Following the death of the previous doux, Damian Dalassenos, in battle against the Fatimids in 998, Emperor Basil themselves had campaigned in the area in the previous year, hoping to stabilize the eastern frontier to enable them to devote their resources in the West against Bulgaria. In the spring of 1000, Ouranos accompanied Basil in their campaign, which led to the annexation of the Georgian principality of Tao, and defended this new possession from attacks by Gurgen of Iberia in 1001–1002.
After arranging a ten-year truce with the Fatimids in 1001, the trusted Ouranos was meant to be Basil's representative in the eastern border areas and was armed with plenipotentiary authority, as attested by a seal declaring them "master of the East" (). In 1000–1001, Ouranos quelled an uprising by two Syrian Bedouin tribes, the Noumeritai and the Ataphitai. In 1005–1007, they were engaged in operations against the Arab rebel Al-Asfar, whom they finally defeated in 1007. Nothing is known of Ouranos after that date, although the fact that a successor as doux of Antioch was not appointed until 1011 may mean that they continued to occupy the office until then.
Works
Ouranos's Taktika
The 10th century saw a revival in the practice of writing encyclopedic works, including military manuals, in the Byzantine Empire. Nikephoros's Taktika () represent the final example among the latter, and were written while they were governor of Antioch.
The work consists of 178 chapters, which can be divided into the following parts:
Chapters 1–55 are a paraphrase of the Tactica of Emperor Leo VI the Wise (r. 886–912).
Chapters 56–62 are a paraphrase of the Praecepta Militaria of Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas (r. 963–969), while the appended chapters 63–65 reflect Ouranos's own experience and are emendations of earlier texts reflecting the new circumstances of Byzantine warfare in the early 11th century.
Chapters 66–74 are derived from the 1st-century author Onasander.
Chapters 75–175 and 176–178 likewise are derived from ancient authors.
Of Ouranos's own additions, chapter 63 deals with raids into enemy territory. Chapter 64 discusses the problem of breaking camp and setting to march when the enemy is nearby, as well as on the forced passing of a defile held by the enemy (drawn from earlier authors). Chapter 65 concerns itself with siegecraft.
The latter is especially notable for the importance given to psychological and diplomatic factors during a siege. For instance, they note the importance of taking precautions even against Christian subjects supplying a Muslim enemy with grain, cheese, or livestock because the high price offered will otherwise prove tempting. Likewise, they suggest alternating between gracious offers of clemency and harsh threats of reprisals (especially against Armenian and Syriac Christians, apostates to Islam (Greek: μαγαρίται), and other heretics) whether one plans to honor these or not, as such vacillation will produce dissension among the defenders.
Oddly enough, though Ouranos refers to trebuchets, it appears they (and by extension the Byzantines) used them against the defenders along the walls, and not against the walls themselves. Apparently in ignorance of the destructive power at their command, they write: "The men of old, in their pursuit of siege warfare, constructed many devices such as battering rams, wooden towers, scaling ladders with various features, tortoises, and all kinds of other things which our generation can hardly imagine. It has, however, tried all these devices and found that out of all of them, the most effective way, one the enemy cannot match, is undermining the foundations..."
Other works
Ouranos was also a pious man, attempting to live a monkish life without disengaging from worldly affairs. As mentioned above, they were entrusted with the upkeep of the Great Lavra monastery, and in their youth they were apparently a friend of Saint Symeon Metaphrastes, on whose death they wrote a poem in lament.
They authored two known hagiographical texts, the metaphrasis The Life of Symeon of the Wondrous Mountain and The Passion of Theodore the Recruit.
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
Byzantine generals
Medieval Greek military writers
11th-century Byzantine military personnel
11th-century Byzantine writers
Byzantine people of the Arab–Byzantine wars
Byzantine people of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars
Generals of Basil II
Byzantine governors of Antioch
Domestics of the Schools
Magistroi
11th-century poets
Ambassadors of the Byzantine Empire to the Abbasid Caliphate
The 2008 Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup was the third edition of the Myanmar Grand Royal Challenge Cup, an annual football tournament held in Myanmar. The tournament took place from 11 November to 21 November 2008 in Yangon.
Teams
(hosts)
Ulsan Hyundai Reserves*
**
*: An invitee from the South Korean K League, Ulsan sent their reserve team.
**: Vietnam sent their under-23 team.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stages
Semi-finals
Final
Winners
Goalscorers
5 goals:
Soe Myat Min
2 goals:
Mohd Amirul Hadi Zainal
1 goal:
Firman Utina
Talaohu Musafri
Ismed Sofyan
Indra Putra Mahayuddin
Mohammad Hardi Jaafar
Mohd Zaquan Adha Abdul Radzak
Aung Kyaw Moe
Yan Paing
Kyaw Thiha
Seo Syeong Hwan
Lee Jin Woo
Kim Sung Min
Kim Cheol Bae
Young Seok
Hoang Nhat Nam
1 own goal
Moe Win (for Indonesia)
2008
Grand Royal Challenge Cup
2008 in Malaysian football
2008 in Bangladeshi football
2008 in South Korean football
2008 in Vietnamese football
2008–09 in Indonesian football
Hirao No.2 Tameike is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.1 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 359 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1916.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1916 establishments in Japan
The Sun and Salsa Festival was an annual festival put on in the Kensington Business Revitalization Zone (BRZ) of Calgary, Alberta.
It took place along 10 Street and Kensington Road, which both have parts closed off to traffic.
Attendance of the festival has grown to around 100,000 in 2010. In 2015, organisers announced that the festival would be cancelled due to construction developments in the community, citing sidewalks, trees, and streetlights upgrades as key factors. Since then, the festival has been under an indefinite hiatus.
Features
The festival features a competition for the best Salsa, Best Presentation Salsa & Most Creative Salsa.
It has a variety of merchant booths (food and merchandise). It includes a fashion show to showcase the area's fashion retailers. As well it includes various entertainment, such as musical acts and dancing, on multiple stages.
The festival serves as a fundraiser for its charities, which as of 2010, are the Brenda Strafford Centre and Brown Bagging for Calgary's Kids.
Miss Sun and Salsa Pageant
From 2005 to 2011 the festival featured the Miss Sun and Salsa Pageant. Each year, it selects a "Miss Sun and Salsa", "Sun Princess" and "Salsa Princess" to promote the Kensington community and the festival. They represented the festival around the year, inside and outside of Calgary.
References
External links
The Kensington BRZ's Sun and Salsa page
Festivals in Calgary
Food and drink festivals in Canada
Food and drink in Alberta
Kenneth L. Clark (born May 14, 1978) is a former professional American football wide receiver. They played college football at UCF. Clark played for the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League for three seasons but had limited game action due to injuries.
Early life and college career
Born in Gainesville, Florida, Clark grew up in Ocala, Florida and graduated from Vanguard High School in 1996. At Vanguard, Clark played football with their cousin, quarterback Daunte Culpepper, who would go on to play professional football. Clark's older brother Steve Rhem also played professional football.
At the University of Central Florida, Clark played at wide receiver for the UCF Knights from 1997 to 2000, graduating with the seventh most receptions (130) and tenth most receiving yards (1,655) in program history.
Professional career
After the 2001 NFL Draft, Clark signed as an undrafted free agent with the Minnesota Vikings on April 23, 2001, again becoming a teammate of their cousin Culpepper. Clark was on the practice squad for most of the 2001 season and missed 2002 with a back injury.
In February 2003, Clark was allocated to the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe, spending the season on the practice squad. Later that year, they would play the only game in their professional career, in which they returned two kickoffs for 33 yards in a 23–13 win over the Detroit Lions on September 21. Due to a back injury, Clark was released from the Vikings with an injury settlement on August 5, 2004. With their settlement, Clark reportedly receives a lifetime annual $250,000 paycheck from the NFL. Since retiring from football, Clark flipped houses in the Atlanta area and donated to Vanguard High School's football program.
References
1978 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Minnesota Vikings players
UCF Knights football players
Players of American football from Gainesville, Florida
Sportspeople from Ocala, Florida
ReMastered: Who Shot the Sheriff? is a 2018 documentary film is centered around the 1976 assassination attempt on Bob Marley. The documentary was released by Netflix on October 12, 2018. It was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Arts & Culture Documentary at the 40th News and Documentary Emmy Award.
Premise
As the story is told, we get an insight into the violent political suppression of the roots reggae movement in Jamaica, with the CIA's involvement in the mysterious shooting of Bob Marley.
Cast
Bob Marley
Arnold Bertram
Cindy Breakspeare
Nancy Burke
Jimmy Cliff
Carl Colby
Tommy Cowan
Ras Gilly
Vivien Goldman
Laurie Gunst
Diane Jobson
Wayne Jobson
Edward Seaga
Roger Steffens
Jeff Walker
Release
It was released on October 12, 2018 on Netflix streaming.
References
External links
2018 documentary films
2018 films
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
Joel Ostrowski (born 5 August 1975 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish curler and curling coach.
At the international level, they are a and a two-time European mixed silver medallist (2007, 2009).
At the national level, they are a three-time Danish men's champion curler (2002, 2003, 2006) and a three-time Danish mixed champion curler (2008, 2009, 2012).
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
Danish male curlers
Danish curling champions
Danish curling coaches
Anette Dorothea Sophia Maria Nijs (born 16 December 1961) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). They were the State Secretary for Education, Culture and Science in the Cabinets Balkenende I and II serving from 22 July 2002 until 9 June 2004. They were a Member of the House of Representatives from 30 January 2003 until 27 May 2003 and from 7 June 2005 until 30 November 2006.
Publications
They published their second book on China called ‘The China Factor' in English in the summer of 2019. Them first book on China ‘China through different eyes' was published in 2009 in Dutch in their home country, The Netherlands.
Awards
Nijs received the Knighthood of Orange-Nassau, a royal award from The Netherlands in 2004. They also received the Chinese Government Friendship Award in 2015 – the highest recognition from the Chinese Central Government for foreigners, who have made a special contribution to China.
References
External links
Drs. A.D.S.M. (Annette) Nijs MBA (Parlement & Politiek)
1961 births
Living people
State Secretaries for Education of the Netherlands
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Dutch women in politics
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
Dutch economists
Dutch women economists
Dutch corporate directors
Dutch educators
Erasmus University Rotterdam alumni
Alumni of London Business School
Dutch expatriates in the United Kingdom
People from Waalwijk
20th-century Dutch business persons
David Edward Flint (born 1938) is an Australian legal academic, known for their leadership of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy and for their tenure as head of the Australian Broadcasting Authority.
Early life and education
David Flint was born in 1938 and grew up in the Sydney suburb of Waverley. Their mother was Indonesian. They enjoyed music and dancing, and Flint took them out dancing every week until they died aged 90. That was always disapproved of by their father, a public servant, champion amateur boxer, and member of a puritanical religious organisation.
Flint attended Sydney Boys High School, before studying law, economics and international relations at the Universities of London, Paris, and Sydney, leading to a career in the law and academia. They state that they were "a socialist in their student days".
Career
Admitted as a lawyer in New South Wales and England and Wales, they practised for a number of years, lecturing in several university business and law schools. That included a wide range of subjects including business, tax, antitrust, comparative, constitutional and international law.
They have written widely in various journals, and in the press in English and very occasionally in French, on topics such as the media, international economic law, European Union law, Australia's constitution, Australia's 1999 constitutional referendum and on direct democracy. Their views are often sought by the Australian and international media.
In 1975, they joined the Australian Labor Party in indignation over the dismissal of then Prime Minister Gough Whitlam. They were asked to act as head of the University of Technology Sydney Faculty of Business for one year in 1977.
At UTS in the 1980s, they were elected and re-elected president of the union staff association and was a delegate to the NSW Labor Council.
In 1987, they were appointed the UTS Dean of Law in 1987 and reappointed twice, holding office until 1997. They were elected four times by law deans as Convener of the Committee of Australian Law Deans, holding office from 1990 to 1993. In 1990, they were appointed by the federal government as a member of the International Legal Services Council, a position they held for six years. In 1989, after an assessment by a committee including a former chief justice and a professor of international law in three Australian universities, they were awarded a chair in law at UTS. They have held professorial positions in other universities, and is now an emeritus professor of law.
During their term as Dean, they introduced a full-time law degree and a series of joint programmes with other disciplines including computing and science. They also proposed significant changes to Australian university and to Australian legal education, including:
for the first time in an Australian public university, twelve months teaching through Summer and Winter programmes;
the introduction of a range of graduate programmes for non-lawyers;
the first Australian professional doctorate, the SJD;
the first Australian university programmes in Alternative Dispute Resolution;
the inclusion of periods of study at foreign universities as part of law and other programmes;
the incorporation of Practical Legal training into the LL.B – “one-stop” legal education;
a detailed proposal for the introduction of a US style Doctor Juris;
strong support for the introduction of AUSTLII, based at UTS in a venture with UNSW, which gives open internet access to Australian statute and case law.
They have been Second Vice-President and National President for Australia of the World Jurist Association, and was also president of the Federation of Australian Branches of the English Speaking Union. They were also a board member and former editor of the Australian Branch of the International Law Association.
Regulator
Flint was appointed head of the Australian Press Council in 1987 in succession to Hal Wootten. All previous chairpeople had been former senior judges. As deputy chairperson and chairperson of the Council's Freedom of the Press Committee, Flint was seen as bringing the Council back from the brink after it divided over how to react to the takeover of Herald and Weekly Times by News Limited, precipitating the resignation of Wootten.
Flint remained in the chairpersonship until 1997. Their contributions included streamlining the complaints process and enhancing the Council's role in defending freedom of the press, including filing, and appearing in, an amicus curiae brief to the High Court of Australia. They also succeeded in promoting the Council in the media and to the public, all within a tight budget. They requested that the usual honorarium be used for media research and other Council related purposes. From 1992 to 1996, they were Chairman of the Executive Council of the World Association of Press Councils.
During 1998, they were invited by the Coalition Government to chair the Australian Broadcasting Authority, although the only political party they had previously belonged to be the Labor Party, where they had been a branch president. By 2004, having long since abandoned the ALP, they had become a member of the Liberal Party.
In 2004, Flint resigned from the ABA, after a controversy over a letter which they had sent to broadcaster Alan Jones soon after their appointment and well before the lead-up to theirs heading the ABA's cash for comment inquiry into commercial broadcasting. The letter mentioned an international affairs seminar where Paul Kelly, a leading journalist with The Australian, had stressed the influence of Alan Jones' radio programme. When a controversy later arose about the direct sponsorship of commercial radio presenters, Flint announced that they would ask the ABA board to set up a public inquiry, which board members unanimously agreed to. As chairperson of the ABA, Flint was chairperson of the inquiry.
In an appearance years later on the ABC television program Enough Rope, prominent Sydney broadcaster John Laws accused Alan Jones of placing pressure on John Howard (prime minister since 1996) to keep Flint as head of the ABA. Laws said they had heard Jones say that they had "instructed" Howard to reappoint Flint in 2001.
Flint insisted that their resignation was "not an admission of guilt", and asserted that they had forgotten the letter, one of a large number which they had written. Furthermore, Flint alleged that, despite thorough Freedom of Information investigation, hostile sections of the media had inflated the one letter into a "series of fan letters". The television program Media Watch, whose pursuit of the story was recognised by a Walkley Award for investigative journalism, claimed that it had provided an opportunity for Flint to unambiguously deny the existence of more than one letter. According to Media Watch, Flint's reply "did not deny the existence of the correspondence". Flint asserted that Laws was mistaken in their belief that anti-Laws sentiments on their part had led to recent ABA action against Laws. On the contrary, Flint stated in their book Malice in Media Land that they had defended Laws at the ABA, and had opposed the authority's decision to proceed against Laws, believing that the decision was both unjustified and unlawful.
Honours
Flint was awarded World Outstanding Legal Scholar, World Jurists Association, Barcelona, in October 1991. On 12 June 1995, was made a Member of the Order of Australia "in recognition of service to the print media, particularly as Chairman of the Australian Press Council and to international relations".
Monarchist views
Flint is one of Australia's most prominent constitutional monarchists, in opposition to Australian republicanism. Their book, The Cane Toad Republic, was used in the 1999 referendum campaign. That was followed in 2003 by Twilight of The Elites, which supported Australia's constitutional arrangements and the role of the Australian Crown. Flint has been National Convenor of Australians for Constitutional Monarchy since 1998, and a board member of the Samuel Griffith Society.  They are a patron of the International Monarchist League in Australia, which supports and advances constitutional monarchy.
Views on Australian Same-sex Marriage survey
In 2017, Flint argued against the Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey on the grounds that it was not a valid referendum, and suggested that people should vote no.
Personal life
David Flint has been open about their homosexuality since their early adult years, but never discusses their private life or identifies the long-term partner with whom they have shared a home for over 30 years.
Bibliography
"Foreign Investment and the New International Economic Order" in Permanent Sovereignty over Natural Resources in International Law (1984)
The Law of Foreign Investment in Australia (1985)
Monetary Law Developments in the 1990s in The Right to Development in International Law (1992)
Business Law of the European Community with Gabriel Moens (1993)
Australia in Press Law and Practice (1993)
Lapdog, Watchdog or Junkyard Dog? The Media's Role in Australia's Monarchy/Republic Debate in The Australian Constitutional Monarchy (1994)
Economic Development, Foreign Investment and the Law, Issues of Private Sector Constitutional and Legislative Safeguards for Foreign Direct Investment: A Comparative Review Utilising Australia and China, with Robert Pritchard and Thomas Chiu, in Involvement, Foreign Investment and the Rule of Law in a New Era (1995)
Freedom of Speech and Media Regulation in India in Asian Laws Through Australian Eyes (1997)
Foreign Investment with Thomas Chiu (1998)
The Australian Constitution in No Case Papers (1998)
The courts and the media; what reforms are needed and why? in The Courts and the Media (1999)
The Cane Toad Republic (1999)
Australian Republicanism, Sovereignty and the States in Restructuring Australia: Regionalism, republicanism and reform of the nation-state (2004)
Australian Defamation Law Reform in Defamation and Freedom of the Press (2004)
The Twilight of the Elites (2003)
Malice in Media Land (2005)
A Successful Conservative Party Ready to Rebuild in Liberals and Power (2007)
Them Majesty at 80 (2006)
Monarchy or Republic in The Howard Era (2009)
Give Us Back our Country with Jai Martinkovits (2013)
Give Us Back our Country 2nd edition, with Jai Martinkovits (2014)
Book reviews
References
External links
David Flint at online Opinion
Living people
1938 births
20th-century Australian lawyers
21st-century Australian lawyers
Alumni of the University of London
Australian media personalities
Australian monarchists
Australian political writers
Australian people of Dutch descent
Australian people of Indonesian descent
Australian expatriates in France
Australian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Australian gay writers
Lawyers from Sydney
LGBT lawyers
LGBT media personalities
People educated at Sydney Boys High School
Quadrant (magazine) people
Sydney Law School alumni
University of Paris alumni
University of Technology Sydney faculty
Writers from Sydney
Gay academics
21st-century LGBT people
Tešanj (Тешањ) is a town and municipality located in the Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. As of 2013, it has a population of 43,063 inhabitants, while the town of Tešanj has a population of 5,257 inhabitants. It is situated in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Geography
Tešanj is located at an altitude of 230 meters and developed around the river Tešanjka. The town is surrounded by many hills.
History
The present name of the city was mentioned for the first time in 1461 in a charter from King Stephen Tomašević to their uncle Radivoj. The charter stated that King Stephen Tomašević grants him, among other possessions "i na Usori grad Tešanj -- the city of Tešanj, in the Usora region".
Between the second half of the 15th century and the first half of the 16th century, the history of Tešanj was rather chaotic. Since Bosnia was considered a buffer state by the Ottomans, it changed rulers quite often, alternating between Ottoman and Hungarian occupation. Between 1463 and 1476 Tešanj was the center of the Bosnian Kingdom and the residence of Duke Radivoj Kotromanić.
From 1512 (or 1520-21) on, Tešanj was under continuous rule of the Ottoman Empire. The most Ottoman influential ruler of Tešanj was the Bosnian Sandžak-bey Gazi Ferhad-bey. It was under their authority that the city rapidly developed. Their most significant contribution was the Ferhadija Mosque (1563), which still stands in the old town, dating back to the 16th century. Gazi Ferhad-bey died in 1568 and was buried in the yard of the mosque. The epitaph on their tombstone was in Arabic, and is the oldest Islamic record in Tešanj.
The old Eminagić House is the oldest house in Tešanj, still standing the test of time, and is said to have been built at the end of the 17th century.
The Old Town is dominated by the well-preserved fortress, called "Gradina", that overlooks the entire city. The Upper City Center expands around the castle, rather on the bottom of this castle. Very early this castle became a center of economic and cultural life of Tešanj. This was developed along with retail and trade in Tešanj. The city center developed rapidly in the 17th and 18th century, when there were around 40 stores and trades operating.
The hour tower was built in the 17th century. Out of a total of 21 hour towers that were built throughout Bosnia and Herzegovina, this tower is one of four that are still working properly. It is 18.5 meters tall. Up until 1890 this tower showed alaturk time, but the same year Fehim-beg Smailbegović brought a new clock which showed European time. This hour clock is still working.
The grave of the poet Musa Ćazim Ćatić is located in "Obješenica" cemetery in the city center. Even though they were born in Odžak in 1880, they dedicated their whole life and work to the city Tešanj, where they died in 1915.
From 1929 to 1941, Tešanj was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Tourism
Tešanj Castle
The foundation of this fortification was started even before the Romans conquered the region. Exact dates are unknown. It was later enhanced by the Romans, Slavs and the Ottoman forces. It has been primarily a defensive fortification. Tešanj Castle is one of the most significant and biggest castles in Bosnia, with the area of some 6,296 square metres.
During the Ottoman period, the castle had a permanent army.
Demographics
Population
Ethnic composition
The town of Tešanj itself had 5,253 residents in 1981, and 6,058 in 1991. Note: Bosniaks are Bosnian nationals with Muslim religious and/or cultural background.
Places in the municipality
Bukva, Blaževci, Bobare, Cerovac, Čaglici, Čifluk, Dobropolje, Drinčići, Džemilić Planje, Jevadžije, Jelah, Jablanica, Jelah-polje, Kalošević, Karadaglije, Koprivci, Kraševo, Lepenica, Logobare, Lončari, Ljetinić, Marin Han, Mrkotić, Miljanovci, Medakovo, Mekiš, Novo Selo, Novi Miljanovci, Oraš Planje, Piljužići, Potočani, Putešić, Raduša, Rosulje, Ripna, Šije, Tešanj, Trepče, Tešanjka, Tugovići, Vrela, Vukovo, Hrvatinovići, and Dubalji.
Notable people
Avdija Vršajević, footballer
Damat Ibrahim Pasha, Ottoman statesman
Edin Šaranović, footballer
Enis Bešlagić, actor
Musa Ćazim Ćatić, poet
Otto Lang, film producer
Ademaga Mešić, Ustaša Deputy-Leader
References
External links
Cities and towns in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Populated places in Tešanj
Municipalities of Zenica-Doboj Canton
The São Tomé paradise flycatcher (Terpsiphone atrochalybeia), also known as São Tomé flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae. The species was described by Thomas Richard Heywood Thomson in 1842, with Tchitrea atrochalybeia the binomial and Fernando Po given as the type locality. The species is endemic to São Tomé Island.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Terpsiphone
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
Birds described in 1842
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Maragatan Sphinx (Spanish:La esfinge maragata) is a 1950 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio de Obregón and starring Paquita de Ronda. It takes its title from the Maragatería region.
Synopsis
The action takes place in a Maragata hacienda that is sinking into misery, whose situation can only be resolved through a marriage of convenience. But the marriageable girl, during a train trip, falls in love with a young poet and is reciprocated. Them family opposes this relationship, since they have promised them in marriage with a man of good position.
Cast
Paquita de Ronda as Mariflor Salvadores
Luis Peña as Rogelio
Juan José Martínez Casado as Antonio Salvadores
Juan de Landa as Tío Cristóbal
Fernando Fernández de Córdoba
Carmen Reyes
Julia Caba Alba as Tía de Mariflor
Gabriel Algara
Juana Mansó
Julia Pachelo
Manena Algora
Emilio Pages
Concha López Silva
Mari Paz Molinero
References
Bibliography
Nicolás Fernández-Medina & Maria Truglio. Modernism and the Avant-garde Body in Spain and Italy. Routledge, 2016.
External links
1950 films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Antonio de Obregón
Films scored by Jesús García Leoz
Spanish drama films
1950 drama films
Spanish black-and-white films
1950s Spanish films
Clifton Robbins (22 October 1890 – 9 December 1964) was an English journalist, writer of golden age detective fiction in the 1930s, and executive of the International Labour Organization. Their stories of amateur detectives involved murder and international drug smuggling and they are best known for their series featuring Clay Harrison, a London barrister turned amateur detective, and their clerk Henry. They worked for the International Labour Organization from 1920, ultimately becoming director of the ILO London office in 1945 before retiring in 1950 to become principal of the Y.M.C.A. College for Adults in Kingsgate, Kent, for eight years.
Early life and family
Clifton Robbins was born in Brixton, London, on 22 October 1890 to Alfred Farthing Robbins, the journalist and writer, and their wife Ellen. They had brothers Alfred G., Alan Pitt, and Grenville, and a sister Helen. They were educated at the City of London School and Queens' College, University of Cambridge. They became a freemason, like their father and their brother Alan. Robbins married Edith Archer Hodgson (born 3 August 1893 in Camberwell) in Lambeth in 1915 and they had one child, Jeannette (born 1917), who married George Leonard Wensley of the Royal Warwickshire Regiment in 1941. They had three children - John Robin Clifton Wensley, Roger Nicholas Wyckham Wensley and Anthony Kevin Pitt Wensley. Edith died on 10 December 1946.
Career
Robbins joined The Daily Mail in 1913 where they were responsible for the literary page until the outbreak of the First World War. They served in the Admiralty in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve during the war as a Paymaster Sub Lieutenant and was awarded the British War Medal. They returned to The Daily Mail where they were briefly the film correspondent. They may have studied for the bar, or been admitted as a barrister. They joined the International Labour Organization (ILO) (founded by the League of Nations) as Assistant Director in 1920 for whom they spent several years in Geneva. In 1931, they broadcast on the BBC about the International Labour Conference. By 1934 they were the deputy director of London office of the ILO. They spent two years on secondment to the Ministry of Information during the Second World War, returning to the ILO in 1942 and became acting director in 1943 and director in 1945. They retired from the ILO in 1950.
At the ILO, Robbins campaigned against unemployment, telling a group of engineering employers at the Waldorf Hotel in 1944 that "full employment" were two "luscious words" and "If you could just ride off on them you would have a cheerful time" but warning that you could not have full employment in one country at the expense of unemployment in another and if there was one man unemployed today it was a danger to everyone who was employed. They praised the passing of the ILO charter in Philadelphia as a development of first rate significance for post-war prosperity.
Robbins was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 1951.
Robbins was very active in speaking on behalf of the Young Men's Christian Associations and the Christian Student Movement, and after their retirement from the ILO became principal of the Y.M.C.A. College for Adults in Kingsgate, Kent from 1950 to 1958.
Writing
Robbins' first novel was Dusty death (1931), the start of a series of five novels featuring Clay Harrison, a London barrister turned amateur detective, and their clerk Henry. In that first novel, an apparent suicide in suburban London leads Harrison to a drugs cartel and ultimately to the League of Nations in Geneva. The title was drawn from a phrase in William Shakespeare's Macbeth. In Death on the highway, the murder of a tramp on the road leads to the exposure of an international gang.
In 1933, Robbins lectured The Booklovers' Circle on "Censorship of Crime", arguing that the detective novel was here to stay, it being more respectable now than it had been in their youth to be interested in crime, but warned that one must not confuse crime with sin and that the detective novel must not teach people how to commit crime. Robbins' novels were mostly published by Ernest Benn in London and Appleton in New York. They were praised for their intricacy and cleverness but criticised for their length. In 2016, it was announced that Canelo, a digital-only publisher, would begin republishing the Clay Harrison series.
Robbins also wrote two novels featuring Captain George Champion Staveley, an amateur detective who is unable to leave their room due to war injuries but manages to solve cases with the help of their wife and friends in their village. In the first Staveley novel, Six sign-post murder, the death of a play-girl leads to a sinister crime lord and a drug-smuggling rugby player. Among Robbins' other works is The Devil's beacon, a novel about a Mr. Vasco, who is an anti-smoking campaigner and forms the League Against Tobacco which enjoys success due to the support of the owner of the fiction newspaper the Daily Flight before fizzling out. In Murder by 25 in the Thornton Butterworth "Crime Circle" series, a secretary turns amateur detective to solve the mystery of their employer's murder. The dust-jacket was designed by Bip Pares.
The start of the Second World War marked the end of Robbins' literary career and their last novel was the Stavely story Death forms threes, published in early 1940 and probably written in 1939.
Death
Robbins died on 9 December 1964. Their death was registered in Cambridge and they left an estate of £7,465 after taxes. They received obituaries in The Times and the Journal of the Royal Society of Arts.
Selected publications
Clay Harrison novels
Dusty death. Ernest Benn, London, 1931.
The man without a face. Ernest Benn, London, 1932. (Published in the United States as The mystery of Mr. Cross. D. Appleton & Co., New York, 1933.)
Death on the highway. Ernest Benn, London, 1933.
The Clay Harrison omnibus. Containing Dusty death, The man without a face, Death on the highway. Ernest Benn, London, 1933.
Smash and grab. Ernest Benn, London, 1934.
Methylated murder: A new Clay Harrison adventure. Thornton Butterworth, London, 1935.
George Staveley novels
Six sign-post murder. Rich & Cowan, London, 1939.
Death forms threes. Rich & Cowan, London, 1940.
Others
The Devil's beacon. Ernest Benn, London, 1933.
Murder by 25. Thornton Butterworth, London, 1936.
References
External links
The cover of Six sign-post murder.
1890 births
1964 deaths
English crime writers
20th-century English novelists
People from Brixton
International Labour Organization people
Freemasons of the United Grand Lodge of England
English journalists
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
People educated at the City of London School
Royal Navy officers of World War I
YMCA leaders
British officials of the United Nations
Roger Le Bussy (12 February 1901 – 13 September 1967) was a Belgian colonial administrator. They were governor of Kasaï Province in the Belgian Congo from 1952 to 1954.
Early years and family
Roger Le Bussy was born on 12 February 1901 in Herstal, Belgium.
Their parents were Louis le Bussy (1869–1957) and Maria Anna Julie Henriette Nina Dollard (1873–1938).
Their family included coal miners, needle makers and merchants of iron, lead and alum.
They attended the Faculty of Political and Administrative Sciences at the Colonial University of Antwerp from 1921 to 1924.
They married Emma Dulac, with whom they had one child, Paul.
Their second marriage was in 1931 to Emma Bodson, with whom they had another child, Roger.
Colonial career
Le Bussy's first term of duty in the Belgian Congo was from September 1924 to October 1927.
Their internship was in the Équateur Province.
They were then made a territorial administrator 2nd class in the Lake Leopold II District.
In July 1927 they were promoted to territorial administrator 1st class.
Le Bussy was head administrator of the Inongo Territory when they wrote a report on 27 September 1927 about the Ntombankole, a sub-tribe of the Ntomba people.
They traced their history from their origins in the southern region of Lake Tumba to their settlement around Lake Leopold II.
Their second term was from June 1928 to July 1931.
They were again assigned to Inongo Territory in Lake Leopold II District.
In January 1930 they were promoted to principal territorial administrator.
Le Bussy was once more assigned to Lake Leopold II District for their third term, starting in December 1931.
On 10 November 1933 they were appointed deputy judge of the Lake Leopold II district court.
In July 1934 they were appointed attaché to the secretary general of AIMO (Affaires Indigènes et Main-d'Oeuvre: Indigenous and Labor Affairs).
They went on leave from December 1934 to July 1935.
On their return they were again principal territorial administrator, and in March 1937 was assigned to Léopoldville Province.
Le Bussy was appointed district commissioner 2nd class in July 1938.
They took leave in Europe from January to July 1939.
On their return le Bussy was appointed urban district commissioner of Léopoldville.
At the start of World War II (1939–1945) the colonial government decided to draw up a five-year plan for the development of Léopoldville.
The plan centered on the main boulevard.
First a roundabout had to be developed around the site of the Albert I monument, followed by the drainage network and the road in front of the station.
Work went slowly. On 24 September 1941 Le Bussy ordered that funds for construction of a bridge were to be diverted to coating the boulevard in vibrated concrete.
The boulevard became the first axis of the city to have sanitary facilities.
In January 1944 le Bussy and Vice Governor General Paul Ermens inaugurated the new native market in Leopoldville.
It was to the southeast of the old covered market, moved there to let the European commercial district expand.
Le Bussy was promoted to district commissioner 1st class in February 1943.
Due to the wartime occupation of Belgium by Germany, their leave was in Astrida, Rwanda, and lasted only from February to April 1943.
Their sixth term of service lasted from April 1943 to October 1945.
From June 1946 to June 1949 Le Bussy was commissioner of Uele District.
From December 1949 to December 1951 they were assigned to the governor of Kivu Province.
Le Bussy returned after leave in March 1952, and in July 1952 was promoted to provincial governor and placed in charge of Kasai Province.
They replaced Firmin Peigneux.
They were relieved of their duties due to unfitness for colonial service in June 1954.
They formally left office on 27 March 1955, and was replaced by Jean Paelinck.
They died on 13 September 1967.
Notes
Sources
1901 births
1967 deaths
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
People from Herstal
The digital repository audit method based on risk assessment (DRAMBORA) is a methodology and associated software-based toolkit developed by Digital Curation Centre (DCC) and DigitalPreservationEurope (DPE) to support the assessment of digital preservation repositories. Documentation for the DRAMBORA toolkit is available at the Digital Curation Centre's and DigitalPreservationEurope's DRAMBORA Interactive page.
The DRAMBORA toolkit is intended to facilitate internal audit of digital preservation repositories by providing repository administrators with a means to assess their capabilities, identify their weaknesses, and recognise their strengths. The development of the toolkit follows a concentrated period of repository pilot audits undertaken by the DCC, conducted at a diverse range of organisations including national libraries, scientific data centres and cultural and heritage data archives. The construction of a toolkit of this kind is a dynamic process and this is the second stage in this process. The DRAMBORA toolkit represents the latest development in an ongoing international effort to conceive criteria, means and methodologies for audit and certification of digital repositories. The intention throughout its development was to build upon, extend and complement existing efforts. A key requirement has been to establish a toolkit that contributes towards a single process for repository assessment. The importance of international cooperation and collaboration, and the potential dangers associated with divergence were acknowledged very early on within the DCC and DPE's work in this area.
The results of the original efforts of RLG/NARA task force and the nestor working group to develop criteria for audit and certification of trustworthy digital repositories and the work that was led by the Center for Research Libraries (CRL) were foremost within the considerations throughout the development of the DRAMBORA toolkit, and in the DCC-led pilot audits that preceded it. The DCC/DPE working group has engaged with representatives of other groups to agree upon a set of principles, representing the fundamental, objective baseline criteria for preservation repositories, and these and their underlying concepts, are profoundly important within the toolkit. It is anticipated that self-audit based on DRAMBORA can be facilitated if undertaken in association with one or both of the check-lists, and vice versa. The risk-based approach assists efforts to match a repository against these lists of requirements. Only with a clear view of an organisation's business context and its implicit risks can an auditor effectively use these requirements. The toolkit contextualises these lists so they can be more effectively applied. In addition to these resources, we have also sought to incorporate and adapt ideas and concepts from an additional, diverse range of sources, including a wide range of international information standards, many with their basis in the risk management industry aiming to broaden ever further the perspectives that our international colleagues have already established.
DRAMBORA is released under the Creative Commons Attribution – Non-Commercial – Share-Alike 2.0 License.
See also
Digital curation
Digital obsolescence
Digital library
Humanities Advanced Technology and Information Institute
Research Libraries Group
References
External links
The Digital Repository Audit Method Based on Risk Assessment (DRAMBORA)
Collections care
Library and information science software
Impact assessment
Risk analysis methodologies
Digital preservation
Edward Christopher Cotter (July 4, 1904 – June 14, 1959) was a third baseman and shortstop for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball. They appeared in 17 career games for the Phillies during the months of June, July, and August 1926. They were officially listed as standing tall and weighing .
Early life
Cotter was born July 4, 1904, in Hartford, Connecticut. Before playing in the major leagues, they attended Hartford Public High School, and then Villanova University from 1923 to 1926, 1 of 48 players from the school to play in Major League Baseball.
Phillies career
Cotter made their Phillies debut on June 12, 1926, as a pinch hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates. Batting for first baseman Russ Wrightstone in the fifth spot of Philadelphia's batting order, Cotter hit safely in their first career at-bat, stealing their first career base after reaching. In their second game two days later, Cotter replaced teammate Clarence Huber as the third baseman against the Chicago Cubs; they notched two more hits in the contest to open their career with three consecutive base hits. They made two more pinch-hitting appearances in June before replacing Heinie Sand at shortstop in the second game of a doubleheader against the Cincinnati Reds. After a ten-day layoff, they replaced Huber again as the third baseman, notching two more hits on June 30 against the Brooklyn Robins—the only multi-hit game of their career.
Entering as Huber's replacement, Cotter recorded a hitless game on July 4, 1926, striking out twice and recording a putout and two assists in the field. They recorded their next hit against the Pirates on July 10—raising their batting average to .400—and again versus the St. Louis Cardinals on July 19. They appeared in three more games in July, and three in August as well, but did not hit safely again until the final game of their career, when they had one hit in a 21–3 loss to Cincinnati. They were unconditionally released by the team on August 13.
After baseball
Cotter died on June 14, 1959, in their hometown of Hartford, and was interred at Mount St. Benedict Cemetery in Bloomfield, Connecticut.
References
External links
Baseball players from Hartford, Connecticut
Philadelphia Phillies players
1904 births
1959 deaths
Marilena Marin (born 24 July 1947) is an Italian Venetist politician.
A native of Conegliano, they were a founding member of Liga Veneta in 1978–1980 and, after a party purge in 1984, they were elected national secretary of the party replacing Achille Tramarin. In 1987 they married with Franco Rocchetta, the party's practical leader and contributed to the birth of Lega Nord in 1991.
In June 1994 they were elected as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP), but only one month later they were replaced by Fabrizio Comencini as national secretary during a party congress. In September they left the party and in December joined the Federalists and Liberal Democrats. Consistently to that, they left the group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party (of which Lega Nord was a member at the time) and joined Forza Europa, the group organized around Forza Italia, instead. They never joined Forza Italia anyway and retired from politics in 1999.
References
1947 births
Living people
Politicians of Veneto
Venetist politicians
People from Conegliano
MEPs for Italy 1994–1999
Lega Nord MEPs
20th-century Italian women politicians
Manfred Orzessek (30 June 1933 – 12 April 2012) was a German football goalkeeper playing most of their career for FC Schalke 04 and Borussia Mönchengladbach.
They won the German championship with Schalke in 1958.
References
1933 births
2012 deaths
German footballers
Bundesliga players
FC Schalke 04 players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Sportspeople from Mönchengladbach
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
The 2021 KBS Drama Awards (), presented by Korean Broadcasting System (KBS), was held on December 31, 2021, at KBS Hall in Yeouido, Seoul. It was hosted by Lee Do-hyun, Kim So-hyun and Sung Si-kyung. Grand Prize (Daesang) was awarded to Ji Hyun-woo.
Winners and nominees
Winners will be listed first and emphasized in bold.
Presenters
Special performances
See also
2021 SBS Drama Awards
2021 MBC Drama Awards
References
External links
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
2021 television awards
KBS Drama Awards
December 2021 events in South Korea
2021 in South Korean television
Charles Herbert Woolery (born March 16, 1941) is an American game show host, talk show host, and musician. They have had long-running tenures hosting several game shows. Woolery was the original host of Wheel of Fortune (1975–1981), the original incarnation of Love Connection (1983–1994), Scrabble (1984–1990, and during a brief revival in 1993), Greed on Fox from 1999 to 2000, and Lingo on Game Show Network from 2002 to 2007. Woolery's musical career included a number of advertising jingles, as well as a top-40 pop hit in the psychedelic pop duo The Avant-Garde and a number of country music releases.
Early life and career
Woolery was born on March 16, 1941, in Ashland, Kentucky. After graduating from high school, they served two years in the United States Navy.
In 1963, Woolery worked as a wine consultant for Wasserstrom Wine & Import Company in Columbus, Ohio. They were also a sales representative for The Pillsbury Company.
Music career
In the early 1960s, they sang and played the double bass with a folk song trio called The Bordermen. They also sang in a duo called The Avant-Garde who were in the psychedelic pop genre. The other half of the duo was Bubba Fowler. They signed to Columbia Records and had a Top 40 hit with "Naturally Stoned" in 1968, bringing the duo one-hit wonder status. During this time, they worked as a truck driver to supplement their income. They released three singles.
As a solo artist, they released five records with Columbia. After 1970, they signed with RCA and released "Forgive My Heart". In 1971, another single "Love Me, Love Me" failed to make any impact. They then turned to acting.
In the late 1970s, they returned to their singing career. Woolery charted on Hot Country Songs with "Painted Lady" and "The Greatest Love Affair". Between 1977 and 1980, Woolery recorded for Warner Bros. Records and Epic Records as a solo artist, with two low-charting singles on Hot Country Songs. Woolery also co-wrote "The Joys of Being a Woman" on Tammy Wynette's 1971 album We Sure Can Love Each Other.
Acting and hosting career
As an actor, they have appeared with Stephen Boyd, Rosey Grier and Cheryl Ladd in the mid-1970s film The Treasure of Jamaica Reef. They appeared as themselves in the 1989 film Cold Feet that starred Keith Carradine and Rip Torn.
Woolery performed as Mr. Dingle on the children's television series New Zoo Revue in the early 1970s. During that time, they made their first game show appearance on an episode of Tattletales in 1974, alongside then-wife Jo Ann Pflug. Starting as a singer, Woolery appeared on an episode of Your Hit Parade. On January 6, 1975, they began hosting Wheel of Fortune at the suggestion of creator Merv Griffin, who had seen Woolery sing on The Tonight Show. Woolery hosted the show for six years. In 1981, they were involved in a salary dispute with the program's producers; they said in a 2007 interview that they demanded a raise from $65,000 a year to about $500,000 a year because the program was drawing a 44 share at the time, and other hosts were making that much. Griffin offered Woolery $400,000 a year, and NBC offered to pay the additional $100,000, but after Griffin threatened to move the program to CBS, NBC withdrew the offer. Woolery's contract was not renewed and their final episode aired on December 25, 1981. Pat Sajak replaced him.
Woolery hosted Love Connection (1983–1994), The Big Spin (1985), Scrabble (1984–1990, 1993), Home & Family (1996–1998, co-host), The Dating Game (1997–1999), Greed (1999–2000), TV Land Ultimate Fan Search (1999–2000) and Lingo (2002–2007). In addition, they were the subject of a short-lived reality television, Chuck Woolery: Naturally Stoned (originally titled Chuck Woolery: Behind the Lingo) in 2003. They also hosted their own talk show, The Chuck Woolery Show, which lasted for only a few months in 1991. They hosted The Price Is Right Live! at Harrah's Entertainment casinos, and appeared in the live stage show "$250,000 Game Show Spectacular" at the Westgate Las Vegas until April 2008.
Since 2012, Woolery has hosted a nationally syndicated radio commentary show, Save Us, Chuck Woolery, which grew out of their YouTube videos. After two years as host, Woolery began a long-format podcast, Blunt Force Truth. With co-host Mark Young, Woolery expands on their conservative political ideals and current events, often inviting guest experts to join the conversation.
Political views
Woolery has spoken in favor of American conservatism.  They are an active supporter of the Republican Party, and has mainly donated to Republican and conservative causes.  They are a gun rights activist.
Woolery was accused of antisemitism after a series of tweets in May 2017, including this message: "Believe it or not. Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin were both Jewish. I was shocked to find, most of the original Soviet Communists were Jewish." The claim that communism is Jewish in origin forms the core of the antisemitic canard called Judeo-Bolshevism. The tweet led to accusations of antisemitism against Woolery. In response to the criticism, Woolery tweeted: "Amazing to me, I point out that Marx and Lenin were Jewish, Fact [sic] of history, and now I'm being called anti-Semitic? why do people do this?"
On July 12, 2020, Woolery tweeted conspiracy theories that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, doctors, the media, and Democratic Party were lying about the COVID-19 pandemic. Then-president Donald Trump retweeted Woolery's claims. The following day, Woolery tweeted that their son had tested positive for the virus and that the "COVID-19 pandemic is real". Their Twitter account was later made private, before being made public again later.
Personal life
Woolery is a Christian who volunteers in ministry. Woolery has been married four times, and has at least five children. Woolery and their first wife, Margaret Hayes, had two children together, Katherine and Chad. Chad was killed in a motorcycle accident in January 1986. In 1972, they married actor Jo Ann Pflug and they divorced in 1980. They had a daughter together, Melissa. With third wife Teri Nelson, the adopted daughter of actor David Nelson (and granddaughter of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson), they have two sons, Michael and Sean. Woolery married Kim Barnes in 2006.
Filmography
Acting
Hosting
Discography
Singles
See also
List of game show hosts
References
External links
Chuck Woolery Signature Products website
Political podcast co-hosted by Chuck Woolery
1941 births
American conspiracy theorists
American country singer-songwriters
American game show hosts
American male television actors
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American male pop singers
American rockabilly musicians
American television talk show hosts
Country musicians from Kentucky
Kentucky Republicans
Living people
Musicians from Appalachia
Musicians from Ashland, Kentucky
Paul G. Blazer High School alumni
People from Ashland, Kentucky
Singer-songwriters from Kentucky
Wheel of Fortune (franchise)
American Christians
American gun rights activists
American male singer-songwriters
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hsinchu (Lat: Dioecesis Hsinchuensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Erected as the Diocese of Hsinchu in 1962, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Taipei.
The current bishop is John Baptist Lee Keh-mien, appointed in November 2006.
Ordinaries
Petrus Pao-Zin Tou † (21 Mar 1961 Appointed - 29 Jun 1983 Resigned)
Lucas Liu Hsien-tang (29 Jun 1983 Succeeded - 4 Dec 2004 Retired)
James Liu Tan-kuei (4 Dec 2004 Appointed - 30 May 2005 Resigned)
John Baptist Lee Keh-mien (6 Apr 2006 Appointed - )
See also
Catholic Church in Taiwan
Hsinchu
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Christian organizations established in 1962
1962 establishments in Taiwan
Hsinchu
Nole Floyd "Nokie" Edwards (May 9, 1935 – March 12, 2018) was an American musician and member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They were primarily a guitarist, best known for their work with The Ventures, and was known in Japan as the 'King of Guitars'. Edwards was also an actor, who appeared briefly on Deadwood, an American Western drama television series.
Early life
Edwards was born in Lahoma, Oklahoma, the son of Elbert Edwards and Nannie Mae Quinton Edwards, an original enrollee of the Western Cherokee. Edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians, so that by age five they began playing a variety of string instruments, including the steel guitar, banjo, mandolin, violin, and bass. Their family relocated from Oklahoma to Puyallup, Washington.
During Edwards' late teen years they joined the United States Army Reserve. After traveling to Texas and California for training, they returned home and began playing regularly for pay in numerous country bands in the area.
Music career
In January 1958, country songwriter and guitarist Buck Owens relocated from California to Tacoma, Washington, as the owner of radio station KAYE. Prior to the formation of The Buckaroos with Don Rich, Edwards played guitar with Owens in the new band they formed in the area, and also played in the house band of television station KTNT, located in the same building as KAYE. In 1960 Edwards recorded a single, "Night Run" b/w "Scratch", on Blue Horizon Records with a band called The Marksmen.
The Ventures
The Ventures, an instrumental musical quartet, were founded in Tacoma, Washington, in 1958. Original members included Don Wilson on rhythm guitar, Bob Bogle on lead guitar (who later became the bass player), and drummer George Babbitt, who went on to become a 4-star general in the U.S. Air Force. When Babbitt left, Howie Johnson took their place and was later replaced by Mel Taylor. Edwards met Wilson and Bogle when they performed on KTNT. Edwards originally played bass for The Ventures, but they took over the lead guitar position from Bogle. The Ventures released a series of best-selling albums throughout the 1960s, and Edwards left towards the end of this period in 1968. They returned full-time as the Ventures' lead guitarist in 1972 and stayed with the band until 1984. In subsequent years, they would occasionally reunite with the band, and starting in the early 2000s, they once again toured with The Ventures until 2012. During their last stint with the Ventures, Edwards primarily played during the annual winter Japan tour, along with several dates in the United States.
Other work
In 1971, Edwards began a solo career with the release of Nokie!. While they released an album each year through 1974, their solo attempt was unsuccessful in America, and they suspended their solo efforts to concentrate on further recordings with the Ventures. Upon leaving the Ventures a second time in 1984, Edwards pursued a music career in Nashville, Tennessee. They played lead guitar for Lefty Frizzell, on what would become Frizzell's final recording sessions. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, they were involved with numerous country-influenced recording projects and relaunched their solo career with the release of several albums starting in 1988.
Edwards performed occasionally in the United States as both a soloist and member of various bands, including AdVenture, Art Greenhaw, and Texas Western swing outfit The Light Crust Doughboys. The fruitful and critically acclaimed collaboration of Edwards and artist-producer Greenhaw, resulted in a number of albums in several music genres including Edwards' two nominations for "Grammy Award for Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album of the Year", album titles 20th Century Gospel (2005) and Southern Meets Soul (2006). AllMusic noted about the 20th Century Gospel album that the "former Ventures member Nokie Edwards guests on several tracks ("Ode to Joy," "The Great Speckled Bird") and their sound has never been twangier".
In July 2010, Deke Dickerson announced on their Facebook page that they were currently working on a new studio album with Nokie Edwards. Dickerson and their band backed Edwards for several shows, including Deke's yearly Guitar Geek Festival held in Anaheim, California.
In 2011, Nokie Edwards, of Cherokee heritage, was inducted into the Native American Music Awards Hall of Fame.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
In 2008, Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, along with The Ventures. The award was presented by John Fogerty. The band performed their biggest hits, "Walk Don't Run" and "Hawaii Five-0", augmented on the latter by Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame musical director Paul Shaffer and their band.
Acting career
After accepting an offer to pursue an acting career, Edwards landed a role on Deadwood, an American Western drama television series. Edwards played the mysterious friend of Wild Bill Hickok and a local citizen, who serves as a bridge between the villains and heroes of the show. During production, Edwards temporarily relocated to Santa Clarita, California and lived on the set's location with their wife Judy.
Equipment
Mosrite Guitars
Edwards had a long association with Mosrite. In 1963, Edwards introduced the other members of the Ventures to Semie Moseley, which led to a five-year association between Mosrite and the band. During this time, Edwards and the band used and popularized the Ventures Model Mosrite guitars. Several notable features of the Ventures Model include hot single-pole pickups, a light-touch tremolo, zero fret, a sloped-back tilt headstock, and a German carve body.
In the mid-1980s, Edwards rekindled their relationship with Moseley, and Moseley designed the Mosrite Nokie Model, an update of the Ventures Model. A custom Anniversary version of the Nokie Model came with a metallic blue finish and white accents.
Fender Telecaster and Jazzmaster
Edwards played Fender Telecasters and Jazzmasters during the 1950s and early 1960s, before switching to Mosrite guitars. For solo projects and with the Ventures, they also toured and recorded with Telecasters at various times during the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s.
In 1996, Fender released the Nokie Edwards Custom Signature model Telecaster, which was designed by Edwards. The limited-edition guitar featured gold hardware,
an ebony fingerboard, sloped-back tilted headstock, a zero fret, sealed tuners, and Seymour Duncan humbucker pickups with split coils.
HitchHiker guitars
Edwards designed and recently sold their own custom guitar, the HitchHiker, a hybrid of the best elements of the Fender Telecaster and Mosrite guitars. The HitchHiker features a sloped-back tilt headstock, a neck-through-body with swamp ash and quilted maple, zero fret, gold control plates, Seymour Duncan humbuckers with split coils, and an ebony fingerboard. Its bridge works on a slide scale invented by Edwards. The HitchHiker can simulate an acoustic guitar and provides 15 different sound selections. The body design is essentially the original Mosrite body, which Edwards preferred. The hybrid guitars are being crafted in New River, Arizona.
Dual Blade Humbucker Pickup
Edwards designed the Nokie Edwards Dual Blade Humbucker Pickup. Manufactured and sold by Seymour Duncan, it produces tones similar to Nokie's Telecaster and HitchHiker guitar models.
Death
Edwards died in Yuma, Arizona after complications from a hip surgery, at the age of 82.
Discography
Nokie! (1971)
Again! (1972)
King of Guitars (1973)
Glorious Guitarist (1974)
Terry vs. Nokie, with Takeshi Terauchi (1986)
Terry Terauchi & Nokie Edwards 2, with Takeshi Terauchi (1987)
Both Sides of Nokie (1988)
Vol. 1 - The Greatest World Hits (1989)
Vol. 2 - The Greatest Hits of the Ventures (1990)
Merry X-Mas from Nokie Edwards (1992)
Nokie and Friends (1994)
1995 Celebration (1995)
Present for My Japanese Friends (1997)
Carvin' It Out (1999)
1999 Plugged & Unplugged (1999)
Pickin' It Up (2000)
No Boundaries (2001)
Hitchhiker (2003)
Plays Gospel Music (2003)
Just for Jake (2003)
A Tribute to the Beatles (2004)
Hitchhiker Heals Hearts (2004)
Nokie Plays the 50s, 60s, and 70s (2005)
Crossover (2005)
Just Doing My Job (2006)
The Golden Fingers of Nokie Edwards (2007)
Nokie's Classics (2008)
Hitchin' a Ride (2009)
Nokie Rocks The Ventures (2012)
Nokie Plays Latin (2013)
Songs for Healing Heart (2014)
80 & Pickin' with My Friends (2015)
Picks On the Beatles (2020)
References
External links
Nokie Edwards talks about Deadwood HBO TV Series
Nokie Edwards interview at NAMM Oral History Program (2004)
1935 births
2018 deaths
Guitarists from Oklahoma
Military personnel from Oklahoma
American male television actors
People from Puyallup, Washington
Cherokee Nation artists
Native American musicians
The Ventures members
20th-century American guitarists
People from Lahoma, Oklahoma
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
Justin Potter Wilson (born January 4, 1945) is an American lawyer and Republican politician who was the 34th Comptroller of the Treasury of Tennessee. They have been Tennessee deputy governor, a federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, and an adjunct professor at Vanderbilt University Law School.
Early life and education
Born in Oakland, California, in 1945, Wilson earned a bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 1967, a J.D. degree from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1970, an L.L.M. in taxation from New York University in 1974, and a master's degree in criminal justice from the unaccredited Kennedy-Western University in 1995.
Career
Private practice of law
Wilson is a member of the bar in the states of Tennessee and New York. They practiced law with the Nashville law firm of Waller Lansden Dortch & Davis, LLP from 1976 until 1996. They rejoined the firm in 2003 and resigned in 2009 when they became state comptroller.
Government service
From 1996 until 2003, Wilson was a deputy governor to Tennessee Governor Don Sundquist, in which position they were the governor's chief policy advisor. They also served as a commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation.
As a top policy advisor to Governor Sundquist, Wilson focused on environmental issues. They were honored as the state's Conservationist of the
Year in 1997. The Justin P. Wilson Cumberland Trail State Park was renamed in their honor in 2002 in recognition of their environmental work, which included cleanup of pollution in the Pigeon River and negotiating land donations from the Tennessee Valley Authority. They were named the Tennessee Conservation League's "Conservationist of the Year" in 1997. They battled United States Environmental Protection Agency smog rules and toxic waste incineration at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and negotiated water allocation of the Tennessee River with the TVA.
On January 15, 2009, Wilson was elected Tennessee state comptroller by the Tennessee General Assembly. They were awarded the honorific title of Comptroller Emeritus after retiring on January 13, 2021.
Judicial nomination
On March 20, 1992, President George H. W. Bush nominated Wilson to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit that became vacant after Judge Robert B. Krupansky assumed senior status. Wilson received a rating of "qualified" from the American Bar Association. Wilson's nomination languished in the Democrat-controlled U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee, which never held a hearing. Wilson's nomination expired with the end of Bush's presidency. Several years later, Judge Karen Nelson Moore was confirmed to the seat to which Wilson had been nominated.
Professional activities
Wilson is or was a member of the Financial Advisory Board of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and chairperson of the Nashville Electric Board, Davidson County Metropolitan Health Board, Community Health Agency of Nashville and Davidson County, and the Committee of Visitors of the Blair School of Music of Vanderbilt University. They also have served as supervisor of the Davidson County Grand Jury and as a member of the executive committee of Meharry Medical College.
Personal life
Wilson is married to Barbara Engelhardt. They have two sons, Walter and Wesley. Wilson also has two sons, Justin Potter Wilson, Jr and Whitney Danner Wilson, from a previous first marriage to Donna Danner Wilson.
See also
George H.W. Bush judicial appointment controversies
References
External links
Tennessee Comptroller of the Treasury official website
1945 births
21st-century American politicians
American lawyers
Living people
Stanford University alumni
State cabinet secretaries of Tennessee
Tennessee Republicans
Vanderbilt University Law School alumni
Comptrollers of the Treasury of Tennessee
Michael John Heath is a British strip cartoonist and illustrator. They have been cartoon editor of The Spectator since 1991.
Biography
Heath was born on 13 October 1935, in Bloomsbury, London. Their father, George Heath, was also a cartoonist of boy's adventure comics, a job they detested. Heath's relationship with both their parents was distant and neither birthdays nor Christmas were celebrated. During the war Heath was evacuated to their grandmother's house in Torcross, in Devon. In 1947 the family moved to Brighton. While studying at art college, which they loathed, Heath sold their first cartoons to Melody Maker for two guineas. They later got work illustrating album covers for Decca Records and drew a strip called "Nelly Know-all" for the Women's Sunday Mirror. By the 1960s they were part of the Soho social crowd that included Jeffrey Bernard, Lucian Freud and Francis Bacon.
Their work has appeared in numerous British publications including Punch, Lilliput, the Evening Standard, The Evening News, The Guardian, The Spectator, The Independent, The Sunday Times, The Mail on Sunday, and Private Eye; all their work is signed simply as "HEATH".
They have been cartoon editor of The Spectator since 1991, and the cartoons which are published have not always adhered to the magazine's conservative politics. Heath's own political cartoons have also appeared in The Independent.
In August 2016 they were the guest for the long-running BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs. Their favourite choice was "Criss Cross" by Thelonious Monk. Their other choices were "Dance of the Infidels" by Bud Powell, "Teddy Bears' Picnic" by Henry Hall & Their Orchestra, "Max In An Air Raid (I Never Slept A Wink All Night)" by Max Miller, "Take a Step" by Jack Buchanan, "All the Things You Are" by The Quintet, "Funny Face" by Fred and Adele Astaire, with Julian Jones & Their Orchestra and "Lover" by Charlie Parker. Their book choice was The Diary of a Nobody by George and Weedon Grossmith and their luxury item was an artist's painting set.
Heath has been married three times, the first time for 32 years, the second time for 18 years. They have four daughters in total, two from each of their first two marriages. They kept a black and tan Dachshund, Charlie, for many years until Charlie's death in August 2019. Michael now lives with their third wife, Hilary (née Penn), in Bloomsbury.
Cartoon series
Great Bores of Today
Great Bores of Today was a long-running series in Private Eye. Each has a single frame, in which some immediately recognizable species of modern cultural bore is seen in their or their natural environs, haranguing bystanders, reporters, the viewer, or imagined listeners. Underneath is a lengthy chunk of the logorrhea that the bore utters distinguished in particular by the bland inconsistency of the bore's opinions. (The text is contributed by other Private Eye regulars.) The series has been resurrected in Richard Ingram's monthly magazine, The Oldie, with illustrations again by Heath.
The Suits
A series that appeared in The Spectator, lampooning the interchangeability and solemnity of men in their suits (or the utter helplessness of the normally besuited when temporarily deprived of their suits).
The Regulars
"The Regulars" ran in Private Eye; the "regulars" are Jeffrey Bernard and the other regular customers of the Coach & Horses pub in Soho. The cartoons were used in the play Jeffrey Bernard is Unwell.
The Gays
Another series in Private Eye, from the early 1980s.
Style Victims
Published in the London Sunday Times, this series makes fun of the conscious, and unconscious, style or fashion victims. (One frame shows a pair of sour-faced judges in ceremonial clothes and wigs, one grimly asking the other "What is a style victim?")
Numero Uno
A series that ran in Private Eye, "Numero Uno" makes fun of baseball-capped youth, with Walkman earphones permanently implanted in ears.
The Outlaw
A short lived strip set in the year 2000, where Michael Common is "the last person to smoke in England". Published in The Spectator.
Partners
Partnership and baby-rearing in the England of the 90s. Published in The Independent.
Henry King
A disturbingly precocious baby, permanently wearing a baseball cap. Published in The Spectator.
Bibliography
Collections of Heath's cartoons
Private Eye Michael Heath. 1973.
Book of Bores. London: Private Eye & André Deutsch, 1976.
Michael Heath's Automata. London: A. P. Rushton, 1976.
The Punch cartoons of Heath. Harrap, 1976.
Love All? Michael Heath's Cartoons from the Guardian. London: Blond & Briggs, 1982.
Private Eye's Bores 3. London: Private Eye, 1983.
The Best of Heath. Newton Abbott: David & Charles, 1984.
Welcome to America. London: Heinemann, 1985.
Baby. London: Heinemann, 1988.
The Complete Heath. London: John Murray, 1991.
Heath's 90s. London: Hodder & Stoughton, 1997.
Partial list of works illustrated by Heath
Back with Parren, E. W. Hildick, London: Macmillan, 1968.
The Computer People, Anne Denny Angus, London: Faber & Faber, 1970.
Robert Morley's Book of Bricks, Robert Morley, London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1978. (Illustrated by Heath and Geoffrey Dickinson.)
The Job of Acting: A guide to working in the theatre, Clive Swift, London: Harrap, 1979.
Robert Morley's Book of Worries, Robert Morley, London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1979. (Illustrations by Heath and Geoffrey Dickinson.)
Loose Talk: Adventures on the streets of shame, Tina Brown, London: Michael Joseph, 1979.
The Anti-Booklist, Brian Redhead and Kenneth McLeish (eds), London: Hodder & Stoughton, 1981.
Fanny Peculiar, Keith Waterhouse, London: Michael Joseph, 1983.
Second Best Bed, Fenton Bresler, London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson. 1983.
Merde! The real French you were never taught at school, Genevieve, London: Angus & Robertson, 1984.
No Laughing Matter: A collection of political jokes, Steven Lukes and Itzhak Galnoor, London: Routledge, 1985.
How's Your Glass? A quizzical look at drinks and drinking, Kingsley Amis, London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1985.
Waterhouse at Large, Keith Waterhouse, London: Michael Joseph, 1985.
Merde encore! More of the real French you were never taught at school, Genevieve, London: Angus, 1986.
Talking Horses, Jeffrey Bernard, London: Fourth Estate, 1987.
Beyond Fear, Dorothy Rowe, London: Fontana, 1987.
Winewise; or, How to be streetwise about wine, Alice King, London: Methuen, 1987.
All Gourmets Great and Small, Clive and Angela Russell-Taylor, Southampton: Ashford Press, 1988.
High Life, Taki, London: Viking, 1989.
Generation Games, Laurie Graham, London: Chatto & Windus, 1990.
A Parent's Survival Guide, Laurie Graham, London: Chatto & Windus, 1991.
Countryblast, Clive Aslet, London: John Murray, 1991.
British Teeth: An excruciating journey from the dentist's chair to the rotten heart of a nation, William R. Leith, London: Faber & Faber, 2002.
The English at Table, Digby Anderson, London: Social Affairs Unit, 2006
Notes
References
External links
Michael Heath: Biography at the British Cartoon Archive, University of Kent
1935 births
British cartoonists
British illustrators
Private Eye contributors
The Spectator people
Living people
Christine Daure-Serfaty (1926 – 28 May 2014) was a French human rights activist and writer who distinguished themselves in Morocco where they embraced the fight of the victims of King Hassan II, during the "Years of Lead," and from afar, played a major role in the evolution of the regime and the human rights in Morocco. They were the wife of Abraham Serfaty, a Moroccan dissident. In 1974 Abraham Serfaty was sentenced to life imprisonment. It was in September 1999 that the new Moroccan king, Mohammed VI, permitted Abraham Serfaty's return to Morocco.
Biography
Christine Daure arrived in Morocco in 1962. In 1972, in Casablanca, they hid two political dissidents wanted by the Moroccan police: Abraham Serfaty who ended up sentenced to life in prison in 1974, and Abdellatif Zeroual, who died under torture after their arrest. During these years, they fought to save Abraham Serfaty from the same fate. They finally obtained the right to marry them in jail in 1986 and settled in Rabat.
They were the first person to denounce the existence of the secret prison of death Tazmamart, which was denied for years by the Moroccan authorities. The following year, the book "Notre ami le roi" ("Our friend the King") by Gilles Perrault, a book they helped to write though their name didn't appear, mentioned the prison at a political level, radically changing the image of Hassan II's regime in the western world and contributing to its evolution in the following years.
As a result, many prisoners were, one after the other, saved from certain death. Them husband Abraham Serfaty was released from jail in 1991, after seventeen years of imprisonment, torture and isolation, and was immediately expelled (to France). Christine Daure-Serfaty was also expelled, without any explanation, after being arrested and detained at a police station for one night.
It was only after eight years of exile and two months after Hassan II's death, in September 1999, that the couple was authorized by King Mohamed VI of Morocco to return to Morocco.
They were previously married to the French politician Pierre Aguiton, with whom they had a son Christophe Aguiton, a left-wing trade-unionist born in 1953, and a daughter, Lise Aguiton-Moro.
Christine Daure-Serfaty died on 28 May 2014 in a hospital in Paris.
References
Further reading
Tazmamart, une prison de la mort au Maroc, 1992
Mauritania, 1993
La mémoire de l'autre, 1993
Rencontres avec le Maroc, 1993
La femme d'Ijoukak, 1997
Letter from Morocco, 2003
External links
Bibliomonde
Amnesty International Report 1997
Notre ami le roi
Human rights abuses in Morocco
1926 births
2014 deaths
Politics of Morocco
French expatriates in Morocco
French human rights activists
French women writers
Lumbini Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising six districts, namely, Arghakhanchi, Gulmi, Kapilvastu, Nawalparasi, Palpa and Rupandehi. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Lumbini Zone.This is the place god Gautum Buddha was born. It is near to one district name Butwal and another side India
Lumbini Zone
List of monuments in Arghakhanchi District
List of monuments in Gulmi District
List of monuments in Kapilvastu District
List of monuments in Nawalparasi District
List of monuments in Palpa District
List of monuments in Rupandehi District
References
Lumbini Zone
Lumbini Zone
White's Tavern (also known as the Daniel White Tavern) is a historic former tavern on United States Route 6 in Andover, Connecticut. Built in 1773, it is a well-preserved example of colonial architecture, notable for hosting French Army officers in the American Revolutionary War. Now a private residence, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Description and history
The former White's Tavern is located on the east side of US Route 6, south of its junction with Hendee Road. The building is set between US 6 and Hutchinson Road, an 18th-century alignment of a main road through the area, and actually faces east toward that road, despite now having an address on US 6. It is a large -story wood-framed structure, five bays wide with two interior chimneys. The windows are evenly spaced within a narrower area than the full width of the building, rather than being uniformly spaced across the main facade. The main entrance is framed by simple moulding and topped by a transom window. The building has a central hall plan, with original wide floor boards, plasterwork, and fireplaces. Some of the upstairs rooms have swinging walls mounted on strap hinges that can be moved to create a large ballroom.
The tavern was built in 1773 by Daniel White, and was in use as a tavern when the French Army marched through the area in 1781, camping just to its north. The Marquis de Chastellux was among the French officers who stayed here. The building is also architecturally significant as a well-preserved 18th century tavern house.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tolland County, Connecticut
List of historic sites preserved along Rochambeau's route
References
Andover, Connecticut
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Houses completed in 1773
Taverns in Connecticut
Houses in Tolland County, Connecticut
Historic places on the Washington–Rochambeau Revolutionary Route
National Register of Historic Places in Tolland County, Connecticut
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
1773 establishments in Connecticut
Tamworth, patented 1728, is an historical hamlet in Cumberland County, Virginia, United States, centered along Tamworth Road. In addition to farming, a gristmill and dam on Muddy Creek comprised the principal economic activity. In addition to the mill there are several other structures of historical interest dating from the 18th and 19th centuries: the miller's residence; a farmhouse; barns; assorted out buildings; a post office; and Tamworth Cottage. All of the buildings are privately owned and are shown by appointment only.
History
The gristmill is known alternatively as Muddy Creek Mills or later than Moon's Mill. The Mill was established in 1753 by Nicholas Davies and enlarged by Richard James in 1775. Operations at the mill ceased in the mid 1950s. The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The post office building (constructed 1792 ) also functioned as a general store has been unused since the late 1980s when it was closed by the US Postal Service. The post office building features an ornate patterned slate tiled roof.
Tamworth Cottage was originally constructed sometime between the first two phases of the mill construction (i.e. later half of the 18th century) and was moved during Mr. Moon's tenure to its current location. The cottage was substantially enlarged and renovated in 1981.
In 2019, the film Harriet was filmed partially in Tamworth, with the mill featured prominently and several buildings having been constructed (slave quarters and a corn crib) for the set.
Geography
Situated in the Virginia Piedmont in the northeast end of Cumberland County, Tamworth is drained by Muddy Creek, a tributary of the James River. Coordinates: 37.64806 Latitude; -78.08111 Longitude. Elevation: 57.9 metres above sea level and approximately 1.6 kilometres from the confluence of Muddy Creek with the James River. At Tamworth, Muddy Creek forms the boundary between Cumberland and Powhatan counties. A four-span concrete beam bridge with concrete siderails carries two lanes of traffic (SR 684) over Muddy Creek; the structure was erected in 1939. The bridge underwent extensive repairs in 2011, including substructure repair, and superstructure replacement. An elevation reference marker is located at the northwest corner of the junction of state routes 684 and 659 (Tamworth Road), stamped "113 CA 1957 195".
Tamworth is located in the Eastern Time Zone (EST/EDT) and along with the rest of Virginia observes daylight saving time.
Weather
The average July high temperature is +30.9 °C, the average January low is -3.9 °C, and the average annual rainfall is 116.8 cm. Snowfall is 19.3 cm per year on average. Sunny days typically outnumber rainy days by almost 2 to 1 with a UV index of 4.6.
Gallery
References
External links
http://www.cumberlandcounty.virginia.gov/ (Cumberland County's Official Website)
http://www.cumberlandva.com/
Unincorporated communities in Cumberland County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The V8 Supercars China Round (formally known as the Buick V8 Supercars China Round) was a motor racing event for V8 Supercars that took place at the Shanghai International Circuit in Shanghai, China in 2005.
History
The China Round was announced, initially for a 2004 date, by series chairperson Tony Cochrane in early 2003, signalling the first time that V8 Supercars would race outside Australia and New Zealand. The event was eventually confirmed for June 2005, with several teams updating their liveries for the weekend, including the HSV Dealer Team entry of Rick Kelly rebranding as Team Buick for the weekend.
The race weekend itself was dominated by the Holden Racing Team, with Todd Kelly winning two of the three races, and the round, and team-mate Mark Skaife winning the other race. It was also a record fiftieth round victory for the team. In the opening race of the weekend, Mark Winterbottom hit a loose drain cover which ripped the bottom out of the chassis and ruled them out for the final two races. It was an incident which was later repeated at the 2005 Chinese Grand Prix.
While the event initially appeared on the 2006 calendar, the proposed dates were rejected by Chinese officials and the event was replaced by a round at Winton Motor Raceway. The 2006 calendar also featured another the series' second venture outside Australasia with the introduction of the Desert 400 in Bahrain.
Winners
Event sponsors
2005: Buick
See also
List of Australian Touring Car Championship races
References
Auto races in China
Supercars Championship races
Vapor steam cleaners or steam vapor systems are cleaning appliances or devices that use steam to quickly dry, clean, and sanitize surfaces. The steam is produced in a boiler that heats tap water to high temperatures (240-310F/115-155°C) to produce low-pressure, low moisture (4% to 6% water) water vapor.
Operation
The steam's ability to clean is based primarily on its heat. The steam is applied to cleanable surfaces via a variety of insulated tools and accessories, thereby safely providing the energy needed to break soil bonds and release contaminants into water suspension, after which they can be removed by wiping or vacuuming.
Advantages
Vapor steam cleaners consume less water compared to carpet cleaners or other cleaning devices, which use hot water instead of steam.
It can also help in removing excess vapor from the air, returning an atmosphere to its original scentless state. Scents can be absorbed into some materials, in particular porous materials, such as wood. A vapor steam cleaner can help to remove the absorbed scents (eg. cooking scents, borborygmus scents, chemical scents).
Applications
The low-moisture characteristics of vapor steam cleaners make them suitable for use inside buildings and residences.
Vapor steam cleaners are frequently used in hypoallergenic environments because they do not require the use of additional cleaning chemicals, which results in better indoor air quality and eliminates the need to handle or store cleaning agents. Steam has been shown effective in combating mold, bacteria, viruses, and other forms of bio-contamination.
Manufacturers
There are several manufacturers of vapor steam cleaners, with products ranging from higher-end industrial products to inexpensive consumer models.
Sterilization testing
Vapor steam cleaners are cited as examples of "green cleaning" because of their ability to kill germs and in some cases disinfect without the use of chemical disinfectants. Steam vapor has also been cited as effective in killing dust mites in carpet, bedding, and upholstery. Additionally, dry steam vapor has shown to be effective for killing bed bugs and their eggs when reaching temperatures of 150-170 degrees.
In 2005, the University of Washington tested a steam vapor system in restrooms and reported labor savings and hygienic improvements over previous methods.
See also
Hot water extraction
Steam cleaning
References
Cleaning tools
Roy Alexander Myrie Medrano (born 21 August 1982 in Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican professional football defender who currently plays for Pérez Zeledón.
Club career
Myrie started their career at Alajuelense where they stayed for 7 years.
In 2005, they tested with PSV, but after an injury during the testing, they were sent back to Costa Rica. In June 2008, they signed with Gent and stayed there until the summer of 2012.
KAA Gent
Myrie quickly became a player in the first team during the 2008-2009 season Myrie. Their excellent dribbling was remarkable. After the winter they injured their knee and had a long period of rehabilitation. They missed the preparation and the first eight games of the season 2009/2010. They made their debut back in the home match against KVC Westerlo. They made the full game and they also did the next games. Shortly after they got injured again and it took three months before they played a match again. In late 2009 they were allowed to play after 80 minutes against SV Roeselare. After the match, they were as usual again a player in the basic team. But Myrie was unlucky, in early January 2011 they re-injured their knee and they couldn't play for months once again.
In September 2012 they moved to Uruguay De Coronado. After a year at Belén, they joined Pérez Zeledón in summer 2014.
International career
Myrie has played at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship and was a member of the Costa Rica national football team at the 2004 Olympics in Athens.
Myrie made their senior debut for Costa Rica in a February 2005 friendly match against Ecuador and has, as of May 2014, earned a total of 22 caps, scoring 6 goals. They represented their country in 7 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and appeared in all four matches and scored twice as Costa Rica won the UNCAF Nations Cup 2005 tournament.
International goals
Scores and results list. Costa Rica's goal tally first.
Personal life
Roy is the elder brother of fellow Costa Rican international defender David Myrie.
References
External links
Profile at Sport.be
1982 births
Living people
People from Limón Province
Association football defenders
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
Olympic footballers of Costa Rica
Footballers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
L.D. Alajuelense footballers
K.A.A. Gent players
Belén F.C. players
Municipal Pérez Zeledón footballers
Belgian First Division A players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Liga FPD players
2005 UNCAF Nations Cup players
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
The 1958–59 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1958–59 college men's basketball season.
Roster
Ron Loneski
Bill Bridges
Al Donaghue
Bob Billings
Dee Ketchum
Bob Hickman
Monte Johnson
Jim Hoffman
Lyn Kindred
Gary Thompson
Dick Gisel
Russ Marcinek
Doyle Schick
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Sitting Bull Crystal Caverns is a limestone cave complex nine miles south of Rapid City, South Dakota on the way to Mount Rushmore and by the Wind Cave National Park. For eight decades, the cave was open for the public to tour daily from Memorial Day weekend to Labor Day weekend.
The cave was discovered by the Duhamel family, Alex and Mamie and their sons, Bud and Pete, in 1929, at their property in Rockerville Gulch. The gulch is a red rock canyon east of Rockerville. They organised tours and the Duhamel Sioux Indian Pageant to promote the caverns with a friend, Black Elk, who chose the name of the caverns in honor of their friend Sitting Bull. Black Elk held the show for over a decade from 1934 to educate people about Lakota culture. In 1992, Bud received the Ben Black Elk Award for "promotion of Native American culture." When they were 93 they retired and passed operations of the cave to their grandson, Peter Heffron.
In 2015, remaining family members decided that they no longer wanted to operate the business, and the cave was closed to the public. At that time, the cave and about 730 acres of land were put up for sale.
References
External links
Sitting Bull Crystal Caverns
Caves of South Dakota
Limestone caves
Landforms of Pennington County, South Dakota
Show caves in the United States
Tourist attractions in Pennington County, South Dakota
These 141 species belong to the genus Diolcogaster, braconid wasps.
Diolcogaster species
Diolcogaster abdominalis (Nees, 1834)
Diolcogaster abengouroui (Risbec, 1951)
Diolcogaster adiastola Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster agama (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster alce (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster alkingara Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster alvearia (Fabricius, 1798)
Diolcogaster ambositrensis (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster anandra (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster andamanensis Gupta & Fernandez-Triana, 2015
Diolcogaster annulata (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster anoma (Viereck, 1913)
Diolcogaster ashmeadi Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster aurangabadensis Fernandez-Triana, 2019
Diolcogaster auripes (Provancher, 1886)
Diolcogaster austrina (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster bakeri (Muesebeck, 1922)
Diolcogaster bambeyi (Risbec, 1951)
Diolcogaster basimacula (Cameron, 1905)
Diolcogaster belokobylskiji Kotenko, 2007
Diolcogaster bicolorina (Shenefelt, 1973)
Diolcogaster bifurcifossa Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster brevicaudus (Provancher, 1886)
Diolcogaster breviterebrus (Rao & Chalikwar, 1970)
Diolcogaster brevivena Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster cariniger (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster chaoi (Luo & You, 2003)
Diolcogaster cincticornis (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster cingulata (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster claritibia (Papp, 1959)
Diolcogaster coenonymphae (Watanabe, 1937)
Diolcogaster connexa (Nees, 1834)
Diolcogaster coronata (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster coxalis (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster curticornis (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster dichromus Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster dipika (Bhatnagar, 1950)
Diolcogaster duocolor Gupta & Fernandez-Triana, 2015
Diolcogaster duris (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster earina (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster eclectes (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster epectina (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster epectinopsis (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster erro (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster euterpe (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster facetosa (Weed, 1888)
Diolcogaster fasciipennis (Gahan, 1918)
Diolcogaster flammea Salgado-Neto & Fernández-Triana, 2018
Diolcogaster flavipes (Haliday, 1834)
Diolcogaster galazia Kotenko, 2007
Diolcogaster garmani (Ashmead, 1900)
Diolcogaster gefidra Kotenko, 2007
Diolcogaster glaphyra (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster grammata Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster grangeri (Shenefelt, 1973)
Diolcogaster hadrommata Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster harrisi Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster heterocera (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster hinzi (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster homocera (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster ichiroi Fernandez-Triana, 2018
Diolcogaster indica (Wilkinson, 1927)
Diolcogaster ineminens Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster insularis (Hedqvist, 1965)
Diolcogaster integra (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster ippis (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster iqbali Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster iridescens (Cresson, 1865)
Diolcogaster kasachstanica (Tobias, 1964)
Diolcogaster kasparyani Kotenko, 2007
Diolcogaster kivuana (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster laetimedia Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster lelaps (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster longistria Gupta & Fernandez-Triana, 2015
Diolcogaster lucindae Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster malabarensis Narendran & Sheeba, 2003
Diolcogaster masoni Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster mayae (Shestakov, 1932)
Diolcogaster mediosulcata (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster medon (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster megaulax (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster mellea (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster merata Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster miamensis Fernandez-Triana, 2018
Diolcogaster minuta (Reinhard, 1880)
Diolcogaster muzaffari Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster narendrani Rema & Sheeba, 2004
Diolcogaster naumanni Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster neglecta (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster nephele (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster newguineaensis Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster nigromacula (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster nixoni Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster notopecktos Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster orientalis (Rao & Chalikwar, 1970)
Diolcogaster palpicolor (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster periander (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster perniciosa (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster persimilis (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster plecopterae (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster pluriminitida Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster plutocongoensis (Shenefelt, 1973)
Diolcogaster praritas Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster procris (Fischer, 1964)
Diolcogaster psilocnema (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster punctata (Rao & Chalikwar, 1976)
Diolcogaster punctatiscutum Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster pyrene (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster reales (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster rixosa (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster robertsi Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster rufithorax (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster rufula Papp, 1991
Diolcogaster rugosicoxa (Papp, 1959)
Diolcogaster rugulosa (Rao & Chalikwar, 1970)
Diolcogaster schizurae (Muesebeck, 1922)
Diolcogaster scotica (Marshall, 1885)
Diolcogaster semirufa (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster seriphus (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster seyrigi (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster solitaria Gupta & Fernandez-Triana, 2015
Diolcogaster sons (Wilkinson, 1932)
Diolcogaster spreta (Marshall, 1885)
Diolcogaster stepposa (Tobias, 1964)
Diolcogaster subtorquata (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster sulcata (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster tearae (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster tegularia (Papp, 1959)
Diolcogaster tomentosae (Wilkinson, 1930)
Diolcogaster torquatiger (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster translucida Zeng & Chen, 2011
Diolcogaster tristiculus (Granger, 1949)
Diolcogaster tropicalus Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster turneri (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster urios (Nixon, 1965)
Diolcogaster vulcana (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster vulpina (Wilkinson, 1929)
Diolcogaster walkerae Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
Diolcogaster wittei (de Saeger, 1944)
Diolcogaster xanthaspis (Ashmead, 1900)
Diolcogaster yousufi Saeed, Austin & Dangerfield, 1999
References
Diolcogaster
I Am Woman is the third studio album by Australian–American pop singer Helen Reddy, released on 13 November 1972, by Capitol Records. The album included their second recording of the song that gave the album its name, which was also the version that spent a week at number one on the Billboard Hot 100. The album debuted on the Billboard Top LPs & Tape chart in the issue dated December 9, 1972, and reached number 14 during a 62-week run, and in Canada's RPM magazine it peaked at number seven. On March 7, 1973, the Recording Industry Association of America awarded the album with Gold certification for sales of 500,000 copies in the United States, and Platinum certification for sales of one million copies came on December 5, 1991. On July 22, 2003, it was released for the first time on compact disc as one of two albums on one CD, the other album being their 1973 release Long Hard Climb.
Background
Singles
The song "I Am Woman" was originally written for and included on Reddy's 1971 debut album, I Don't Know How to Love Him, but, because of its length and arrangement, they thought it "clearly was not hit-single material." When it was selected for use in the 1972 film Stand Up and Be Counted, their record company wanted a longer version to release as a 45 in conjunction with the opening of the film. The new recording of the song, produced by Jay Senter, was done at Sunwest Recording Studio, Los Angeles, California, on April 23, 1972, and was made available on May 22 of that year. Reddy has summarized the response to the song from most disc jockeys that they experienced as, "'I can't stand this record! I hate this song! But you know, it's a funny thing, my wife loves it!'". Them husband-manager Jeff Wald landed their 19 appearances on various television shows where they could perform it, and "women began calling radio stations and requesting the song, thereby forcing airplay." Other tracks, such as "Peaceful", were recorded at recording engineer Armin Steiner's Sound Labs Studio, Los Angeles, California, for Reddy's album, which would be named after their asupervisorstioned single.
It wasn't until almost seven months later, in the December 9 issue of Billboard magazine, that it sat atop the list of the 100 most popular songs in the US, and on December 18 it earned Gold certification for sales of the one million copies that was the requirement for singles at that time. It also spent two weeks at number two on the magazine's Easy Listening chart over the course of the 22 weeks that it was there and three weeks at number one on RPM's list of Canada's top 100 hit songs. A second single, "Peaceful", was released on January 29, 1973, and started a run of 17 weeks on the pop chart in the February 3 issue that eventually took the song to number 12. Its debut on the Easy Listening chart came two weeks later, in the February 17 issue, and, as with the title song, it also enjoyed two weeks at number two there. In RPM it also reached number 12 pop.
Reception
Billboards reviewer wrote that "the powerful stylist offers by far their finest package, artistically and commercially." Charles Donovan of AllMusic retrospectively noted that, except for the cover of 'Hit the Road Jack', the album was "a fine collection of light pop and ballads" and that the second single was "everything easy listening should be: undemanding, sweet and flawlessly produced."
Grammy Award
In Thomas O'Neil's book The Grammys: The Ultimate, Unofficial Guide to Music's Highest Honor, O'Neil writes, "The most famous acceptance speech in the history of the Grammys was given [in 1973] by Helen Reddy when they picked up the trophy for Best Pop Vocal Performance, Female for 'I Am Woman'." Reddy concluded their speech by thanking "'God because They make everything possible,'" and "was flooded with protest letters from religious fundamentalists" afterwards.
Track listing
Side one
"Peaceful" (Kenny Rankin) – 2:50
"I Am Woman" (Ray Burton, Helen Reddy) – 3:24
"This Masquerade" (Leon Russell) – 3:35
"I Didn't Mean to Love You" (Artie Butler, Karen Philipp) – 4:00
"Where Is My Friend" (Daniel Meehan, Bobby Scott) – 3:10
Side two
"And I Love You So" (Don McLean) – 4:00
"What Would They Say" (Paul Williams) – 2:45
"Where Is the Love" (Ralph MacDonald, William Salter) – 3:01
"Hit the Road Jack" (Percy Mayfield) – 2:18
"The Last Blues Song" (Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil) – 2:41
Recording dates
From the liner notes for the 2020 CD I Am Woman/Long Hard Climb:
April 23, 1972 – "I Am Woman"
September 20, 1972 – "This Masquerade", "Where Is My Friend", "And I Love You So", "Where Is the Love"
October 9, 1972 – "Peaceful", "I Didn't Mean to Love You", "What Would They Say"
October 10, 1972 – "Hit the Road, Jack", "The Last Blues Song"
Personnel
Musicians
Personnel per the Melbourne Sunday Herald Sun and Capitol Records.All tracks except I Am Woman
Helen Reddy – vocals
Artie Butler – arranger and conductorI Am Woman'
Helen Reddy – vocals
Mike Deasy – guitars
Jim Gordon – drums
Mike Melvoin – piano
Leland Sklar – bass
Dick Hyde – trombone, string and horn arrangements
Don Menza – saxophone
Kathy Deasy – backing vocals
Production
Tom Catalano – producer (except as noted)
Armin Steiner – engineer (except as noted)
Jay Senter – producer on "I Am Woman"
Buck Herring – engineer on "I Am Woman"
Jeff Wald – management
Charts
Certifications
Notes
References
1972 albums
Capitol Records albums
Helen Reddy albums
Albums produced by Tom Catalano
Nam Wa Po () is a village in Lam Tsuen, Tai Po District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Nam Wa Po is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the villages represented within the Tai Po Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Nam Wa Po is part of the Lam Tsuen Valley constituency, which is currently represented by Richard Chan Chun-chit.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Nam Wa Po (Tai Po) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Lam Tsuen
Sonic Bullets: 13 From the Hip is the third studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters. The album was recorded in Novo Mesto, Slovenia, and various locations in Seattle. It features numerous guest musicians, including Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and The Minus 5, Peter Buck of R.E.M. and The Minus 5, Chris Eckman of The Walkabouts, Terry Lee Hale, and Jorge Eduardo "Speedy" Martinez of The Flaming Sideburns.
Background
Following the success of their second album, Intensity!, the Bambi Molesters recruited musicians they had performed with in the previous years to perform on their third album. The band had opened for R.E.M. in 1999, and guitarist Peter Buck had offered to play guitar on any future recordings by the band. Buck contributed guitar to "Theme From Slaying Beauty" and "Chaotica". Scott McCaughey, who was working with Buck in The Minus 5, plays piano, organ, vibraphone, bells, and harmonica on various tracks. Chris Eckman of The Walkabouts sings on "Ice and Pinewood Trees" alongside bassist Lada Furlan, while The Flaming Sideburns' Jorge Eduardo "Speedy" Martinez provides spoken Spanish vocals on "Corazón del Loco Jorge".
Music videos for "Theme From Slaying Beauty", "Ice and Pinewood Trees", and "Chaotica" were released to promote the album, and "Chaotica" was featured in an episode of Breaking Bad. The song "Malagueña" was used for the opening and closing credits of the Spanish series "Arde Madrid".
Track listing
Personnel
Dalibor Pavičić - Guitar
Dinko Tomljanović - Guitar, theremin
Lada Furlan - Bass, vocal (4)
Hrvoje Zaborac - Drums
Peter Buck - Guitar (1,13), fuzz bass (3)
Scott McCaughey - Organ (1,3,9,10), vibraphone (1,13), piano (3,4,13), tubular bells (4), bass harmonica (3)
Chris Eckman - Acoustic guitar (5), vocal (4)
Terry Lee Hale - Whistle & u-cha (5)
Jorge Eduardo "Speedo" Martinez - Voice (spoken words in Spanish) (3)
Borna Sercer - Percussion
Boris Mohoric - Trumpet (2)
Tomo - Guitar (6)
2001 albums
The Bambi Molesters albums
The Australian and New Zealand Wine Industry Journal published a wide range of articles from technical and scientific papers to practical advice and the latest news on research and development. The journal was issued six times a year and featured practical winemaking, practical grape growing, articles on wine regions and wine styles, vintage reports, marketing, finance and management, research papers, and industry news and analyses. In 2010 the magazine merged with Australian Viticulture to form a new wine magazine, Wine & Viticulture Journal.
See also
Australian wine
New Zealand wine
References
1986 establishments in Australia
2010 disestablishments in Australia
Australian wine
Bi-monthly magazines published in Australia
Business magazines published in Australia
Defunct magazines published in Australia
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 1986
Magazines disestablished in 2010
New Zealand wine
Professional and trade magazines
Wine magazines
Mass media in Adelaide
Jane Shore is an American poet.
Life
They graduated from Goddard College, and moved from Vermont to the Iowa Writers' Workshop. They graduated from Radcliffe College in 1972, where they were a student of Elizabeth Bishop.
Shore met Howard Norman in 1981, and they married in 1984 They have a daughter, Emma (born 1988).
Norman and Shore lived in Cambridge, New Jersey, Oahu, and Vermont, before settling into homes in Chevy Chase, Maryland near Washington, D.C. during the school year, and East Calais, Vermont in the summertime. Their friend, the author David Mamet and Shore's Goddard College classmate, lives nearby.
During the summer of 2003, poet Reetika Vazirani was housesitting the Normans' Chevy Chase home. There, on July 16, they killed their young son before committing suicide.
Career
They have edited Ploughshares, and their poems have been published in numerous magazines, including Poetry, The New Republic, and The Yale Review
They were Radcliffe Institute, fellow in poetry, 1971–73, and Briggs-Copeland Lecturer in English at Harvard University, 1973—, and Jenny McKean Moore Writer at George Washington University in Washington, D.C. They were visiting distinguished poet at the University of Hawaii.
 They are currently a professor at The George Washington University.
Awards
Eye Level, winner of the 1977 Juniper Prize
The Minute Hand, awarded the 1986 Lamont Poetry Prize
Music Minus One, a finalist for the 1996 National Book Critic Circle Award
1991 Guggenheim Fellowship
two grants from the N.E.A.
fellow in poetry at the Mary Ingraham Bunting Institute
Alfred Hodder Fellow at Princeton University
Goodyear Fellow at the Foxcroft School in Virginia
Bibliography
Poetry collections
Anthologies
Poems
References
External links
"Jane Shore and Dabney Stuart Poetry Reading", 10/23/2008, Library of Congress
"Jane Shore on NPR", May 12, 2009, GW English News
American women poets
George Washington University faculty
Goddard College alumni
Harvard University faculty
Living people
People from Chevy Chase, Maryland
Radcliffe College alumni
The New Yorker people
University of Hawaiʻi faculty
University of Iowa alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Empire series may refer to:
Galactic Empire series or Empire series by Isaac Asimov
The Empire Duet or Empire series, two novels by Orson Scott Card
Empire Trilogy, a series of novels by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts
Empire (2015 TV series)
Empire (2012 TV series)
Empire (2005 TV series)
Empire (1962 TV series)
Empire ship, a series of ships
Empire (comics), a comic series
Star Wars: Empire, a Star Wars comic series
Empire (1977 video game), a series of commercial games, originally designed by Walter Bright
Empire (1972 video game), a series of free games, originally designed by Peter Langston
See also
Empire (disambiguation)
William W. Irvin (April 5, 1779 – March 27, 1842) also spelled Irwin was a lawyer, farmer, politician, and two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1829 to 1833.
Biography
Born near Charlottesville, Virginia, Irvin pursued an academic course and later studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1800 and commenced practice in their native county. They moved to Lancaster, Ohio, about 1801 and continued the practice of their profession.
They were appointed an associate judge of the court of common pleas for Fairfield County by the first general assembly in 1803. They were impeached in 1804 by the Ohio House of Representatives and subsequently removed from office by the decision of the Ohio Senate.
Irvin served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1806 and 1807, and was a justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio from 1810 to 1815. They finished third in election for Governor of Ohio in 1822. They were again a member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1825-27 and served as speaker in 1825 and 1826. They came in third for election to the United States Senate in 1827, losing to Benjamin Ruggles.
Irvin was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Congresses (March 4, 1829 – March 3, 1833). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1832 to the Twenty-third Congress.
They returned to their farm near Lancaster and engaged in agricultural pursuits until their death on March 27, 1842.
Irvin was married to Elizabeth B. Gillespie in Lancaster on February 2, 1813. They had seven children.
Notes
Sources
External links
1779 births
1842 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Impeached United States officials removed from office
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state court judges
People from Lancaster, Ohio
Politicians from Charlottesville, Virginia
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
The Voice Senior (season 2) began airing on 2 January 2021 on TVP 2. It airs on Saturdays at 20:00 and at 21:10.
Andrzej Piaseczny and Alicja Majewska returned as coaches for the second season of the show alongside newcomers Izabela Trojanowska and Witold Paszt, replaced Marek Piekarczyk and Urszula Dudziak. Rafał Brzozowski, who replaced Tomasz Kammel, hosted the show with Marta Manowska.
Presenters
Rafał Brzozowski, who replaced Tomasz Kammel, hosted the show with Marta Manowska.
Coaches
On August 17, 2020, it was announced that Alicja Majewska and Andrzej Piaseczny returned as the coaches in the second season of the show, meanwhile new coaches Izabela Trojanowska and Witold Paszt replaced Marek Piekarczyk and Urszula Dudziak in a new season.
Teams
Color key
Blind auditions
Color keys
Episode 1 (January 2, 2021)
Episode 2 (January 2, 2021)
Episode 3 (January 9, 2021)
Episode 4 (January 9, 2021)
Episode 5 (January 16, 2021)
Episode 6 (January 16, 2021)
Episode 7 (January 23, 2021)
Episode 8 (January 23, 2021)
Semi-final
Semi-final round aired on January 30, 2021.
The top 8 contestants then moved on to the final.
Colour key
1st part
2nd part
Final
Colour key:
Final - announcement of results
Colour key:
References
The Voice of Poland
The Henry Art Gallery ("The Henry") is a contemporary art museum located on the University of Washington campus in Seattle, Washington. Located on the west edge of the university's campus along 15th Avenue N.E. in the University District, it was founded in February, 1927, and was the first public art museum in the state of Washington. The original building was designed by Bebb and Gould. It was expanded in 1997 to , at which time the 154-seat auditorium was added. The addition/expansion was designed by Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects.
Founder
The museum was named for Horace C. Henry, the local business person who donated money for its founding, as well as a collection of paintings they had begun collecting in the 1890s after visiting the Chicago World's Fair. Henry donated the collection they built with their late wife Susan of 178 works of art, along with funds for construction, and the Henry Art Gallery opened to the public on February 10, 1927. Some years prior, Henry had added gallery space to their own home on Capitol Hill, and from 1917 until the foundation of the Henry Gallery, they effectively operated a wing of their home as a free museum, open to the public 10 hours a week. In contrast to Charles and Emma Frye of Seattle's Frye Art Museum, Henry made no effort to control the future of the museum they financed; indeed, they specifically disavowed any such intention.
Exhibitions
The Henry's exhibition program is largely devoted to contemporary art and the history of photography. Recent exhibitions include Ann Hamilton: the common S E N S E (Oct 2014), Katinka Bock: A and I (2013), Maya Lin (2006), Lynn Hershman Leeson (2005–06), Doug Aitken (2005), Axel Lieber (2004–05), and James Turrell (2003), and group exhibitions such as W.O.W. - The Work of the Work, 2004–05, which explored contemporary art's appeal to non-visual senses and the body of the viewer.
Collection
The Henry's collection includes over 28,000 objects. The collection includes holdings in photography, both historical and contemporary, due to the partial gift and purchase of the Joseph and Elaine Monsen collection. In 1982, the Henry inherited a sizable collection from the University of Washington's former Costume and Textile Study Center. The Henry also holds a James Turrell Skyspace, , a site-specific immersive sculpture finished in 2003. Like the Seattle baseball stadium, the Skyspace has a retractable roof.
The Henry has made their collections available for research and general public interest by providing in-house and online public access though the Eleanor Henry Reed Collection Study Center and the online collections database. These resources allow students and the general public to explore collections for personal or professional research. Objects in the collection can be accessed on-site, by reservation only, through the Reed Collection Study Center or academic classes, adult study groups, and researchers.
Brink Award
The Brink Award was a biennial art award for an emerging artist from Washington, Oregon, or British Columbia worth $12,500. The award was established in 2008 and is administered by the Henry Art Gallery.
Past award winners
Isabelle Pauwels (2009)
Andrew Dadson (2011)
Anne Fenton (2013)
Jason Hirata (2015)
Demian DinéYazhi' (2017)
References
External links
Official site
Archives of the Northwest Art Project, oral histories of artists and others important to the Northwest art scene initiated by the Henry Art Gallery - University of Washington Digital Collections
1927 establishments in Washington (state)
Art museums established in 1927
Art museums and galleries in Washington (state)
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Museums in Seattle
University museums in Washington (state)
University of Washington campus
The Buccaneers were a 1956 Sapphire Films television drama series for ITC Entertainment, broadcast by CBS in the US and shown on ATV and regional ITV companies as they came on air during the infancy of ITV in the UK.
Starring Robert Shaw as Dan Tempest, the series, aimed at children, followed the adventures of Tempest and their crew of former pirates as they made their way across the seven seas in Sultana.
This series was one of several swashbuckling adventure series produced during this period by or for Lew Grade's ITC.
Production notes
The series ran for 39 half-hour black-and-white episodes and was produced by Hannah Weinstein and Sidney Cole for Sapphire Films Limited. The episodes were made at Nettlefold Studios at Walton-on-Thames using two studios with seven or eight standing sets. A real schooner was based at Falmouth, Cornwall and a faithful reproduction of part of it in a studio corner.
Rupert Evans, stunt artist, former army teacher of physical training taught Robert Shaw fencing.
The series was set in the Port of Nassau in New Providence of about 1722.
Sources report that Robert Shaw was unavailable for the first few episodes, but nevertheless shooting went ahead without him. In the majority of episodes, they are listed as "With" rather than "Starring" in the title sequence, for reasons that are open to speculation.
The complete series is available on R2 DVD from Network in the UK. There are a number of public-domain DVDs of the series in the North American market, as well as a complete series release.
Cast and characters
Robert Shaw as Captain Dan Tempest
Peter Hammond as Lieutenant Edward Beamish
Brian Rawlinson as Gaff Guernsey
Paul Hansard as Taffy
Wilfred Downing as Dickon
Edwin Richfield as Armando
Neil Hallett as Boatswain Sam Bassett
Willoughby Gray as Pop
Jane Griffiths as Paula
Alec Mango as Mr. Van Brugh
Various characters were often played by Tony Thawnton, Terence Cooper, Rupert Evans, Roy Purcell and Denis Lacey.
Historical characters
Blackbeard played by George Margo, Terence Cooper
Governor Woodes Rogers played by Alec Clunes
Anne Bonny played by Hazel Court
Calico Jack played by Brian Worth
Black Bart played by Alex Scott
Charles Vane played by Brian Worth
Ben Hornigold played by Andrew Crawford
Episode list
Airdate is for ATV Midlands ITV regions varied date and order.
Music
The show's ending theme contained the chorus:
Let's go a-roving, a-roving across the ocean
Oh, let's go a-roving and join the buccaneers!
We'll find adventure, adventure across the ocean
Oh, we'll find adventure and join the buccaneers!
Sea shanties and traditional songs were incorporated into the show. Early episodes begin with sailors singing "Blow, Ye Winds, in the Morning," an anachronistic American whaling song. The second episode, "The Raiders," is the only episode to use "The Maid of Amsterdam" as its ending theme. Other songs performed in the show include:
"Drunken Sailor" (in "Printer's Devil")
"Haul Away, Joe" (in various episodes including "Dan Tempest's War with Spain")
"Johnny Come Down to Hilo" (in "Mother Doughty's Crew")
"O Shenandoah" (in "Gentleman Jack and the Lady")
"Spanish Ladies" (in "The Ladies")
"Shake Her, Johnny, Shake Her" (in "Hurricane" and "Flip and Jenny")
"Venezuela" by John Jacob Niles (in "Mother Doughty's Crew")
DVD releases
Mill Creek Entertainment released the complete series in Region 1 on 15 August 2006. This release has been discontinued and is now out of print.
Network Distributing Home Entertainment (under licence from Granada Ventures Ltd) released the complete series in Region 2 on June 1, 2007.
On 19 August 2008, Timeless Media Group released a 3-disc best-of set that features 30 episodes of the series.
References
External links
Screen Online
CTA information
Modern map of New Providence.
1956 British television series debuts
1957 British television series endings
British drama television series
Television series by ITC Entertainment
ITV television dramas
Television series about pirates
British adventure television series
1950s British drama television series
Television series set in the 18th century
Black-and-white British television shows
English-language television shows
Nautical television series
Princess Puangsoi Sa-ang (; 30 September 1866 – 23 April 1950) was a member of Siamese royal family. They were a daughter of King Mongkut and Concubine Tieng Rojadis and half-sister of Chulalongkorn.
Them mother was Chao Chom Manda Tieng Rojanadis (daughter of Phraya Abbhantrikamat and Klai Rojanadis). They were given full name as Phra Chao Borom Wong Ther Phra Ong Chao Phuangsoi Sa-ang ().
Honors
Knight Grand Commander (Second Class, higher grade) of the Most Illustrious Order of Chula Chom Klao
King Mongkut's Royal Cypher Medal
King Chulalongkorn's Royal Cypher Medal
King Rama VI Royal Cypher Medal (First Class)
King Rama VII Royal Cypher Medal (First Class)
King Mongkut's Royal Cypher Medal
References
19th-century Thai women
19th-century Chakri dynasty
20th-century Thai women
20th-century Chakri dynasty
Thai female Phra Ong Chao
Children of Mongkut
1866 births
1950 deaths
Thai people of Laotian descent
is a railway station on the Himi Line in Takaoka, Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Fushiki Station is served by the Himi Line, and is located 7.3 kilometers from the opposing end of the line at .
Station layout
The station has a single island platform, serving two tracks, connected by a footbridge. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 29 December 1900. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR West.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 264 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Fushiki Port
Takaoka Municipal Fushiki Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Toyama Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Himi Line
Takaoka, Toyama
The Bell Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a private school in Tamil Nadu, founded in 2000.
References
External links
Bell School, Palayamkottai
Bell School's Orkut Link
Primary schools in Tamil Nadu
High schools and secondary schools in Tamil Nadu
Education in Tirunelveli district
Educational institutions established in 1992
1992 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Macedonia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Macedonia earned a qualifying spot at this event in the P2 – 10m Air Pistol Women SH1 event as a result of Olivera Nakovska-Bikova winning a bronze medal.
See also
Macedonia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Republic of Macedonia sport
The Players Ball is an annual gathering of pimps, held in Chicago, Illinois. Other Players Balls take place across the country, most notably in Miami and Atlanta. The first Players Ball held in 1999 took place in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Presently, there are "Players Ball" events in Las Vegas and Memphis, Tennessee. On December 16-18th 2011, a Players Ball was hosted in Hollywood, CA.
History
The idea stemmed from a scene in the 1973 blaxploitation film The Mack in which the lead character, a pimp named Goldie, attends The Players Ball in Oakland, California. Comedian Dan Aykroyd parodied this event in their film Doctor Detroit. Dave Chappelle satirized the event with "The Playa Haters' Ball" on an episode of The Chappelle Show. The party has been a November tradition since 1974, when pimps from across the country gathered to celebrate the birthday of Don Juan now known as Bishop Don "Magic" Juan. Every year, the award for "Pimp of the Year" is given out. Juan was the winner 13 years in a row.
Official Bishop Don Juan Players Ball
The 35th Anniversary of the Players Ball was held on Saturday, December 5, 2009 at Chez Roues Banquet Hall in Chicago, IL. Ditch performed their first Players Ball show there.
The 38th annual official Players Ball 2012 was held Saturday December 8, 2012 at the Key Club, Hollywood, Ca. Nick Cannon was the DJ for the event, and was rumored to be in production filming a movie about Bishop Don Juan.
Documentaries
The Player's Ball was shown in the HBO documentary Pimps Up, Ho's Down and the Hughes Brothers' documentary, American Pimp.
A DVD entitled Master Players Ball was also released in 2006. The DVD featured live scenes from a "Players Ball."
Controversies
2003 arrests
In 2003, the Players Ball took place in Atlanta, GA. A survivor by the name of "Tina F." reported that several pimps were arrested for having underage prostitutes, and claimed "Two years ago in Atlanta, they stopped it and arrested 15 pimps and charged them. One pimp had a 10-year-old girl in their stable."
2005 protest
In 2005, a survivor identifying themselves as "Brenda Myers-Powell" protested the Players Ball event at Mariella's Banquet Hall on 5th Avenue in Maywood, IL. Brenda called the event a "ball for child molesters" because they began being trafficked by pimps at the age of 14 and says their experience is a common one.
Matthew Thompkins indictment
In 2006, Matthew Thompkins, a former Postal Worker of Manhattanville, NY, was indicted. They were a former "Pimp of the Year" of the annual Players Ball. Their aliases included; "Knowledge" and "Daddy." While searching their property, Police located two "Pimp of the Year" awards.
Other versions
Las Vegas, Nevada
A well-known non-pimp Players Ball started in 1999 was thrown in Las Vegas and New Orleans as a private party for businesses attending adult oriented events. The event is organized by D-Money. The event was thrown twice a year and may coincide with other adult events such as AVN or Internext Expo. The last players ball event thrown by D-money, who has officially ended the events, was on April 10, 2019. Official Website http://www.theplayersball.com
Memphis, Tennessee
In 2011, the annual Memphis Players Ball was also attended by Bishop Don Magic Juan, Good Game, MattShizzle, Candyman, The Black Heff and others. Ditch performed at the Memphis Ball which was located at a mansion in Memphis, TN.
Past events have featured performers including:
50 Cent
Snoop Dogg
Ice Cube
Lil Jon
E-40
Digital Underground
Ice-T
Cypress Hill
Too Short
George Clinton & P-Funk
Lorde
Slick Rick
Doug E Fresh
Fishbone
William Bad Boy Lyle
Ron Jeremy
Elton John
YTCracker
Afro Man
Flavor Flav
Wiz Khalifa
References
External links
Official website for DMoney Presents The Players Ball
Salon.com article "Pimpin' is hard work"
Official website of the 2011 Players Ball in Hollywood, CA
Recurring events established in 1974
Erotic parties
Culture of Chicago
Entertainment events in the United States
American pimps
Child prostitution in the United States
Human trafficking in the United States
Forced prostitution in the United States
1974 establishments in the United States
Henry Ashby may refer to:
Henry Ashby (paediatrician) (1846–1908) in England
Henry Marshall Ashby (1836–1868), Confederate States Army colonel
Henry Ashby (footballer) (1875–1926), English football full back
See also
Harry Ashby (disambiguation)
Henry Ashby Turner (1932–2008), American historian of Germany
Daniel Ljunggren (born February 26, 1994) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.  They are currently under contract to Mora IK of the HockeyAllsvenskan (Allsv).
They made their Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Almtuna IS players
Brynäs IF players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Tingsryds AIF players
Simhachalam railway station (station code:SCM), located in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, serves Simhachalam in Visakhapatnam district. It lies on the Howrah–Chennai main line.
History
Simhachalam railway station is third busiest railway station in executive capital of Andhra Pradesh (Visakhapatnam) after Visakhapatnam railway station and Duvvada railway station. It mainly serves purpose to reach Simhachalam and the surrounding locale.
Between 1893 and 1896, of the South Eastern Railway was opened for traffic. In 1898–99, Bengal Nagpur Railway was linked to the lines in southern India.
Visakhapatnam steel plant was established in the 1980s and the first coke oven battery was commissioned in 1989. South Coast Railway is the present operator.
Transportation
Simhachalam railway station is well connected to all over Visakhapatnam.
BUSSES TO SIMHACHALAM: (28H,28,28Z/H,6A/H,55H,540,549,6H)
BUSSES TO KOTTAVALASA: (55K,28K)
BUSSES TO VIZAG RTC COMPLEX (BUS STATION): (6A/H,28H,12D,300C,28K,28A,28Z/H,333,555)
See also
Waltair railway division
References
External links
Departures from SCM/Simhachalam (2 PFs) India Rail Info
Railway stations in Visakhapatnam
Waltair railway division
Webster County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 Census reflected a population of 2,799, making it the third-least populous county in Georgia. The county seat is Preston.
History
Webster County was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 16, 1853, as Kinchafoonee County. A subsequent legislative act on February 21, 1856, changed the name to Webster. The land for the county came from eastern portions of Stewart County.
The county is named for Daniel Webster, U.S. representative of New Hampshire and U.S. representative and U.S. senator of Massachusetts. Webster County's original name of Kinchafoonee came from the Kinchafoonee Creek which runs through the county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
The majority of Webster County, bordered to the southwest by State Route 520, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The southwestern corner of the county is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. A tiny edge of the southwestern border, just south of State Route 520, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 280
State Route 27
State Route 41
State Route 45
State Route 153
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Marion County – north
Sumter County – east
Terrell County – south
Randolph County – southwest
Stewart County – west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,390 people, 911 households, and 675 families living in the county. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 1,115 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 50.50% White, 47.03% Black or African American, 0.08% Native American, 1.59% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. 2.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 911 households, out of which 31.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.90% were married couples living together, 16.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.90% were non-families. 23.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 14.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 101.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,992, and the median income for a family was $32,462. Males had a median income of $26,444 versus $19,125 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,772. About 17.20% of families and 19.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.00% of those under age 18 and 19.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 2,799 people, 1,119 households, and 788 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,523 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.0% white, 42.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 2.4% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.6% were Irish, 9.9% were English, 8.0% were German, and 5.3% were American.
Of the 1,119 households, 34.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were married couples living together, 16.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.6% were non-families, and 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 40.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,708 and the median income for a family was $40,441. Males had a median income of $29,669 versus $27,745 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,295. About 16.9% of families and 23.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.8% of those under age 18 and 21.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 2,348 people, 1,140 households, and 724 families residing in the county.
Education
Webster County School District operates public schools.
Communities
Archery
Preston
Weston
Politics
Webster County was reliably Democratic throughout the 20th century. However, the margins tightened in the 2000 election and in 2004, John Kerry only won this county very narrowly as Bush won Georgia's electoral votes easily. Webster County is the only county in Georgia that flipped to McCain's column in 2008 after voting for Kerry in 2004.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Webster County, Georgia
References
External links
Consolidated Government of Webster County Including the City of Preston, Weston, and Webster County
Webster County Board of Education a School system serving the City of Preston and Weston
Webster County Sheriff's Department is the primary law enforcement agency for the entire county, and is an integral part of the county's system of justice.
GeorgiaInfo Webster County Courthouse history
County's Official Site
Webster County in the New Georgia Encyclopedia.
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1853 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1853
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
The 2013 Gibraltar Darts Trophy was the fifth of eight PDC European Tour events on the 2013 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at the Victoria Stadium, Gibraltar, from 28–30 June 2013. It featured a field of 64 players and £100,000 in prize money, with £20,000 going to the winner. It was won by Phil Taylor, with Jamie Lewis as the runner-up.
Also notable was the nine-dart finish hit by Ross Smith in their second round defeat by Adrian Lewis, which was the last nine darters to be hit in the PDC European Tour until June 2018.
Course of the event
Phil Taylor won their second European Tour title with a 6–1 victory over Jamie Lewis in the final. They had previously beaten Steve Beaton 6-0 in the last eight and Dave Chisnall 6-2 in the semi-finals, recording an average score of 112.73 in the former. The £20,000 first prize was Taylor's second win in June 2013, having earlier won the 2013 UK Open title. Taylor's victory was their first European Tour win since Berlin in June 2012, adding to a career that has led to them being called the greatest ever darts player. They told the Staffordshire newspaper The Sentinel, "It's fantastic to win this and I am over the moon. It's been a great weekend for me and I've really enjoyed it in Gibraltar."
The tournament's biggest surprise was Jamie Lewis' appearance in the final. They reached their first senior final after having to qualify to take part in the event, and was aiming to win one match and the £1,000 prize money, so that they would earn a place in the world top 64 and would avoid having to need to qualify for the 2014 PDC European Tour.
The event was the first-ever Gibraltar Darts Trophy, sponsored by the Government of Gibraltar at a reported cost of £100,000. Although it was not broadcast live, it was covered by Sky Sports. The trophy was presented by the territory's Sports Minister, Stephen Linares. Four Gibraltarian players participated as home nation qualifiers, but were all eliminated in the opening round.
Prize money
Qualification
The top 32 players from the PDC ProTour Order of Merit on the 22 May 2013 automatically qualified for the event. The remaining 32 places went to players from three qualifying events - 20 from the UK Qualifier (held in Wigan on 24 May), eight from the European Qualifier (held at the venue in Gibraltar on 27 June) and four from the Host Nation Qualifier (held in Gibraltar on 24 April).
1–32
UK Qualifier
Peter Hudson (First round)
John Henderson (Third round)
Kevin McDine (First round)
Joe Cullen (First round)
Joe Murnan (First round)
Connie Finnan (Second round)
Steve Maish (First round)
Nigel Heydon (First round)
Jamie Lewis (Runner-up)
Mickey Mansell (First round)
Mark Hylton (First round)
Jim Walker (First round)
Dean Winstanley (Second round)
Matthew Dennant (First round)
Ross Smith (Second round)
John Bowles (First round)
Matthew Edgar (First round)
Paul Amos (Second round)
Steve Brown (Third round)
Josh Payne (Second round)
European Qualifier
Gino Vos (First round)
Vincent van der Voort (First round)
Ronny Huybrechts (First round)
Mensur Suljović (Second round)
Jani Haavisto (Second round)
Leo Hendriks (First round)
Jelle Klaasen (First round)
Leon de Geus (Third round)
Host Nation Qualifier
Dylan Duo (First round)
Dyson Parody (First round)
Manuel Vilerio (First round)
George Federico (First round)
Draw
References
2013 PDC European Tour
2013 in Gibraltarian sport
Darts in Gibraltar
Barrovian (or Barrow dialect) is an accent and dialect of English found in Barrow-in-Furness and several parts of the town's wider borough in Cumbria, England, historically in the county of Lancashire. Although a member of the Cumbrian dialect, The Barrovian and south Cumbria accent has a lot in common with the dialect of northern Lancashire, particularly the Lancaster/Morecambe area.
Barrovian is also used as a demonym for inhabitants of Barrow.
Origins
Up until the mid-19th century Barrow was nothing but a cluster of small villages with the Cumbrian dialect prevailing throughout, huge growth however occurred between 1860 and 1880 spurred on by the introduction of the railway to the Furness peninsula and the rapidly expanding steel and jute works. Barrow also became a major shipbuilding centre in the early 20th century. From a few thousand to 70,000 residents in under half a century, the majority of these were immigrants to the town drawn by the burgeoning industries. Large influxes came from elsewhere in Lancashire, Ireland (especially the counties of Antrim and Tyrone) and Scotland, with existing shipbuilding regions such as the Clyde and Tyneside providing a significant percentage of migrants in the early to mid-20th century. During the 1890s, one in six of the local population had been born in Ireland or Scotland. Barrow became a melting pot of accents and dialects and although it remains primarily Cumbria/Lancashire-orientated has strong influences from a wide geographical area.
Numerous place names in Barrow are of Old Norse and Celtic origin. Although they have long been Anglicised, many haves had their pronunciation skewed over time by the asupervisorstioned immigrant groups. One notable example being the suburbs of Roose which was settled by Cornish tin miners and is now pronounced locally with a 'z' in place of the 's'. The name Furness is also pronounced to sound like 'furnace'.
Phonology
A 2005 study of the Barrovian dialect by the British Library found a number of traits common amongst the populace. Most of the observations made are similar to other Northern English dialects with the sound /ʌ/ (as in 'up' or 'mother') being pronounced /ʊ/ (as in 'good' or 'put'). Other observations made included frequent T-glottalization on last letters and frequent intervocalic and syllable initial T-glottaling. In Plain English this can be described as the letter 't' being dropped from the middle or end of words. Examples of this include the word 'cart' (/kɑrt/) being pronounced as 'car' (/kaːʔ/), with a Glottal stop after the letter 'r'. Alternatively the number 'twenty' (/twɛnti/) could be pronounced 'twen-y' (/twɛnʔi/). The same study also found frequent G-dropping, H-dropping and Th-fronting. Respective examples of this phonetics include: 'freezing, exciting, sleeping' being pronounced 'freezin, excitin, sleepin' (where G-dropping speakers pronounce the -ing syllable as [ɪn], while non-G-dropping speakers have /ɪŋ/); 'appy (/hæpi/), hour (/haʊ.wər/), have (/hæv)' being pronounced 'appy (/æpi/), our (/aʊə/), ave (/æv)' with removal of the front '/h/'; and 'through (/θru/), thought (/θɒːt), three (/θri/)' being pronounced as 'rough (/frɪu/), frought (/frɒːt/), free (/frɪi/)'.
Pronunciation of words ending with the sound 'ure' (/ˈu:r/) are another distinct indicator of the Barrovian dialect. Some words drop the /u:/ completely and convert the 're' (/r/) to 'er' (/ər/), Examples of this include the word 'brochure' being pronounced 'broch-er' (/ˈbroːʃə/), 'texture' as 'text-er' (/ˈtɛkstʃə/) and 'figure' as 'fig-er' (/ˈfɪgə/). Alternatively many words containing /ˈu:r/ are pronounced /u:.ər/ (e.g. in the Barrovian dialect 'moor' rhymes with 'truer'). Further examples being: 'cure' (/ˈkjʊər/) pronounced 'kyou-er' (/ˈkjɪuə/), 'tour' (/tʊər/) as 'too-er' (ˈtɪuə), 'mature' as 'ma-chou-er' (/ˈməˈtʃɪuə/) and 'secure' as 'sec-you-er' (/səkˈjɪuə/). There is no convention for which words drop the letter 'u' and which emphasise it, with little correlation between word length and pronunciation.
Phrases and lexis
The words 'dead' and 'well' are often used in conversation to mean 'very' or make a strong point, for example "it was well good", or "it was dead bad". The word 'like' is frequently used with little meaning, as is the term 'and that' which roughly translates to the use of the term 'etc.' in a spoken conversation. For example, "I bought some crisps and biscuits and that"
(a boughʔ sʊm crisps'n biscuits n'aʔ).
The list below contains common words and daily greetings in Standard English (in bold) and their Barrovian equivalent (in italics), and examples of use in a sentence or phrase (in parentheses).
I - a (a went out last night)
Anything - aught/owt
Barrow - Barra
Clothes - clobber
Drunk - ratted, off your head (off yer'ead), recked
Going on a trip or walk - going on a bod
Hello - iya
Him/Her - im/er
Here you go - eer yare
How are you - Ow are ya (owar-y)/ (y')oriʔe/oreeʔ
Later - after
Me - us (leave us alone)
Moody - mardy
Mother - mam
Nothing - nowt
Playing truant - jigging
Saw - sin (I sin them yesterday in town)
Something - summat
Trousers - kecks, pants
Unfair - tight
Where are you? - where y'aʔ?
Where are you going? - where y'off?
We - us (us two)
Up to no good - Shithouse
Barrovian as a demonym
'Barrovian' is also used to refer to an individual hailing from Barrow. For some the term has become synonymous with local football team Barrow A.F.C. The term 'Old Barrovian' was used in the 20th century to refer to alumni of the Barrow Boy and Girl Grammar Schools, which through a complicated history has become Furness Academy.
Recognition
Outside of North West England, Barrovian is relatively unknown in comparison to more widespread dialects. A poll conducted by Travelodge in 2014 resulted in Barrovian being placed sixth 'least favourite' of regional accents in the UK behind Essex, Brummie, Cockney, Belfast and Highland respectively.
Notable speakers
See also
List of dialects of the English language
Northern England English
Cumbrian dialect
Lancashire dialect and accent
Geordie
Manchester dialect
Scouse
Scottish English
Glasgow patter
References
Barrow-in-Furness
British English
English language in England
The Virgin of the Burning Bush was a painting made of egg tempera and gold leaf on a wood panel. The portable icon was signed by Greek painter Michael Damaskinos. Damaskinos has over 100 known works. They were a distinguished member of the Cretan school of painting. They were from Crete. Their contemporaries included Georgios Klontzas and El Greco. Damaskinos spent over twenty years traveling all over Italy. They spent a significant time in Venice. They adopted Italian artistic mannerisms which they applied to their paintings.
Moses was a biblical figure who received Tablets of Stone inscribed with the Ten Commandments in Mount Sinai, Egypt as written in the Book of Exodus. In the biblical narrative, Moses was also appointed by Yahweh to lead the Israelites out of Egypt and into Canaan at the Burning Bush. Both themes are an integral part of Damaskinos's work. Their painting is a rare depiction of the Virgin and Child with Moses. The painting served as an inspiration to Ieremias Palladas's painting of Saint Catherine. Palladas features some of Damaskinos's work in the background of their painting of the Egyptian martyr. Both works are a tribute to Catherine of Alexandria and Mount Sinai, Egypt. The Virgin of the Burning Bush is now in the Monastery of Agia Aikaterini in Heraklion, Crete.
Description
The painting was created in the second half of the 16th century. The height of the painting is 43.7 in. (110.9 cm) and the width is 34 in. (86.4 cm). The material was tempera painting and gold leaf on wood panel. The icon is roughly the same size as Damaskinos's Adoration of the Kings. The painting stylistically resembles the Adoration of the Kings. The central figure in both paintings is against a mountain. The artist also crowds their figures in both works. The Virgin of the Burning Bush is a rare depiction of the Virgin and Child with Moses. Byzantine theologian John of Damascus wrote about the Burning Bush. They said the bush was an image of God's Mother, and as Moses was about to approach, God Said: Put off the shoes from thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.
The painting creates a visual story of Moses's encounters with the divine on Mount Sinai incorporating the writings of John of Damascus. To our left, Moses stands before the Burning Bush. An angel appears out of the flames, below is another image of Moses removing their sandals. In the center of the image, the Virgin and Child appear enthroned within the Burning Bush (Θεοτόκος ή Βάτις). In the lower right-hand corner John of Damascus holds a scroll. In the background, two scenes from Moses's life from the Book of Exodus are present. To the left of the mountain, Moses strikes the rock with their holy staff and a spring appears for the Israelites to drink. To the right of the mountain, the scene of the Golden calf is depicted. At the top of the image, God and angles are passing the tablets to Moses. The final scene is of angels bringing Saint Catherine's body to Jebel Katrina, one of the three peaks of Mount Sinai.
The painting follows the typical Damaskinos technique. Their painting features the Italian renaissance cangiante. The Virgin is enthroned in the Burning Bush following the traditional hodegetria stance. The Burning Bush is depicted as receding into space. The figures in the foreground of Moses and John of Damascus promote three-dimensionality namely in the drapery folds. Moses is at the peak of the middle mountain above the Virgin Mary. Moses and the faces of the figures around them are facing the Virgin Mary. There are also two other mountains. All three mountains form a triangle They are painted in the traditional Cretan style. The artist clearly creates a visual distinction of spatial depth.
Gallery
References
1580s paintings
1590s paintings
Paintings in Greece
Cretan Renaissance paintings
Paintings by Michael Damaskinos
The Sarangani Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Sarangani .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, the first district sending four members, and the second district sending six members to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Sarangani; unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Sarangani is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Sarangani's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Elmer de Peralta (PCM)
References
Politics of Sarangani
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Egüés is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 410.
Geography
Egüés is located 10km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Wilfred Cyril Izzard (25 February 1892 – 15 September 1977) was an English cricketer. Izzard was a right-handed batsman. They were born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Izzard made their first-class debut for Northamptonshire against Lancashire in the 1919 County Championship. They made eleven further first-class appearances, the last of which came against Lancashire in the 1920 County Championship. In their twelve first-class matches, they scored 206 runs at an average of 10.30, with a high score of 51. This score was their only first-class fifty and came against Derbyshire in 1919.
They died at the town of their birth on 15 September 1977.
References
External links
Wilfred Izzard at ESPNcricinfo
Wilfred Izzard at CricketArchive
1892 births
1977 deaths
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
The V-42 stiletto was a stiletto and fighting knife issued during World War II to the First Special Service Force (1st SSF or FSSF, also known as Devil's Brigade), a joint American/Canadian commando unit.
Design and features
Based on the Fairbairn–Sykes commando knife designed by William E. Fairbairn and Eric A. Sykes, the Fighting Commando Knife, Type V-42 used a narrow-profile, double-edged stiletto blade made of high carbon steel.
The V-42 was primarily designed by officers of the FSSF, including its commanding officer, Lt. Colonel Robert T. Frederick, who desired a close-quarters combat knife. The blade's design has been attributed to Col. Frederick, who had seen the Fairbairn–Sykes fighting knife while serving in Britain.
While the V-42 had a double-edged blade similar to the Fairbairn–Sykes knife, the V-42 has a cross-section with concave hollow ground blade facets, in contrast to the Fairbairn's flat four sided diamond cross-section. The narrower V-42 stiletto blade profile was designed to optimize penetration on thrusting; it could easily penetrate a G.I. steel helmet and liner with a single thrust. With its relatively thin, narrow blade, the V-42 was designed from the outset for use as a fighting knife, and was prone to breakage when used for utility chores such as opening ration tins or ammunition crates. Unusually for military combat knives of the period, the V-42's twin edges were double hollow-ground for increased cutting performance. The addition of the skull-cracking pommel was attributed to the input of Major Orval J. Baldwin, the FSSF Supply Officer. The thumb groove on the V-42's ricasso was designed to promote a flat grip with the thumb over the crossguard, which positioned the double-edged blade horizontally. In this manner a user could slash an opponent with either a forehand or backhand stroke, while ensuring that their blade would slip between the ribs when used in a thrust or stab.
The V-42 was manufactured in the United States by W. R. Case & Sons Cutlery Co. After a series of leg injuries incurred during training, the original leather sheath was reinforced with metal in later versions designed to prevent the needle-like tip from penetrating the sheath. Since the force was originally trained for fighting in cold weather conditions, the sheath was designed long, so as to hang beneath the bottom of a G.I. parka.
History
After receiving drawings of the proposed knife from its designers, prototypes of the V-42 were submitted by three knifemaking companies - Camillus Cutlery Co., Case Cutlery, and Cattaraugus Cutlery Co. Captain Dermot Michael "Pat" O'Neill, the First Special Service Force's close-combat instructor and a former Detective Sergeant of the Shanghai Municipal Police (the same police force in which Fairbairn and Sykes had served), recalled that Col. Frederick personally selected the Case prototype and gave authority for its acquisition.
First issued in 1942, the V-42 was the standard issue fighting knife issued to the FSSF, whose members generally referred to it as the Force Knife or V-42 Stiletto. All members of the Force were trained extensively in its use, though only members of the Force's Combat Echelon were actually issued their own V-42 knife. In combat, the V-42 proved itself an excellent thrusting weapon that could easily penetrate leather and heavy clothing, though its needle tip would occasionally stick when contacting bone after a deep thrust, making the knife difficult to withdraw. It has been claimed that some Force members re-ground the points of their knives to alleviate this, but Baldwin said that differences were due to variations in production, as the knives were hand-ground and largely hand-made.
Some 70 V-42 knives were issued with short U.S. Marine Corps Raider knife scabbards. This was confirmed by Case Cutlery shipping records, which indicate that some 70 V-42 knives were procured by the U.S. Navy and sent to the Brooklyn Navy Depot in late 1942 and early 1943. The knives were issued in 1943 to crewmen serving in Landing Force and Armed Boat Party while the ship was off the Florida coast at the start of a South Atlantic war patrol, searching for German commerce raiders and blockade runners. While USS Omaha did encounter German blockade runners, there were no recorded instances of the V-42 being employed against an opponent in combat. The 70 V-42s procured by the U.S. Navy were the only known V-42 knives sent to a unit or branch outside the First Special Service Force. US Army Paratroopers and Rangers also carried some of these knives as well.
The V-42 was depicted on the badges of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command, Canadian Forces' and one of the United States Army Special Forces badges.
W. R. Case & Sons Cutlery Co. manufactured a post-war version from 1989 until 1993.
Specifications and production quantity
The V-42 weighs , with either a or long blade and handle, for a total length of approximately . Its features included a double hollow-ground, stiletto-type blade equipped with a thumb-imprint choil or ricasso designed to facilitate a flat or modified saber grip, and a leather handle with a pointed skull-cracking pommel (butt). One source states that the Army placed five separate orders totaling 3,423 V-42 fighting knives from November 1942 through November 1943. However, Case factory records indicate that approximately 3,000 V-42 knives were actually produced, and only one shipment of 1,750 knives to the FSSF was recorded by the Force's supply officer.
See also
"Yank" Levy fighting knife
United States Marine Raider stiletto
List of daggers
References
Further reading
Buerlein, Robert. (2002). Allied Military Fighting Knives: And The Men Who Made Them Famous. Paladin Press.
Flook, Ron. (1999). British and Commonwealth Military Knives. Howell Press Inc.
Walker, Greg. (1993). Battle Blades: A Professional's Guide To Combat/Fighting Knives. Paladin Press.
External links
First Special Service Force
The V-42 Knife
World War II infantry weapons
Daggers
Military knives
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1942
José de Jesús Hurtado Torres (born 13 July 1965) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Jalisco.
References
1965 births
Living people
Politicians from Jalisco
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
National Action Party (Mexico) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Jalisco
Gerald Hill (15 April 1913 – 31 January 2006) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Hampshire from 1932 to 1954. A right-handed batsman and right-arm off break bowler, Hill played 371 first-class games for Hampshire. Hill was spotted by the cricketer and writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Doyle was playing golf with Hill's father when they spotted the young Hill playing on an adjoining pitch. Doyle then wrote to Colonel J. G. Greig, Hampshire's secretary, to arrange a trial.
In 1935, Hill was hit for 32 in an over by Glamorgan's Cyril Smart (6, 6, 4, 6, 6, 4), then the most expensive six-ball over in first-class history. In 1937, during a County Championship match played against Sussex at the United Services Recreation Ground, Hill and Donald Walker put on 235 for the 5th wicket, which remains to this day a Hampshire record.
Kent captain Percy Chapman, a family friend of Hill's, presented them with their County Cap in 1935. Hill was accidentally shot in the leg by teammate Len Creese, while bowling in the nets. The bullet stayed in Hill's leg for the remainder of their life. Hill fought in the Second World War in Italy and resumed their first-class career with Hampshire after the resumption of the County Championship in 1946. Hill retired from first-class cricket in 1954. Hill batted in all 11 positions for Hampshire scoring four centuries, including the highest score of 161 against Sussex at Portsmouth.
Hill died in their sleep at their home at Lyndhurst in the New Forest on 31 January 2006.
References
External links
Gerry Hill on Cricinfo
Gerry Hill on CricketArchive
1913 births
2006 deaths
People from New Forest District
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
British Army personnel of World War II
British Army soldiers
Mohammed Yusuf Ansari (born 19 June 1970) is a former Indian professional footballer who played for India national football team as a goalkeeper.
Playing career
Yusuf Ansari started their professional football career with Air India F.C. in 1992 and was also a part of the Maharastra State Football Team. Later, they became part of India national football team which played 1992 Olympics Men's Asian qualifiers and 1993 World Cup qualifiers. Their notable matches for the national team include two appearances in 1991 Olympics qualifiers against Syria national football team. They were also a part of 1993 Nehru Cup squad.
Coaching career
Air India
On 14 December 2010, Yusuf Ansari was appointed as the new head coach of Air India FC. The team finished 12th in the 2009–10 I-League. Following the season, they resigned from the head coach position and was later appointed as the goalkeeping coach under Santosh Kashyap. After spending two years there they left the team in 2013.
Maharashtra State Football team
In 2014, they joined Maharashtra Football team as their head coach. They coached the team in several tournaments including the Santosh Trophy.
Indian Arrows
Yusuf Ansari joined the I-league side Indian Arrows in 2017 as their goalkeeping coach for one season.
Kerala Blasters
In 2018, they joined the Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters as the goalkeeping coach for their reserves. After spending two years with the youth teams, they were promoted to the senior team of the Blasters as their new goalkeeping coach in April 2020.
Personal life
Born in Mumbai, Maharastra, Yusuf Ansari was appointed as the Assistant Manager in Air India. Their Father was also a footballer who played for Indian Railways.
Statistics
Managerial statistics
Honours
India
SAFF Championship: 1993; runner-up: 1995
References
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Mumbai
Indian footballers
India international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
I-League managers
Air India FC managers
Kerala Blasters FC non-playing staff
Tunde is a unisex name, originally a diminutive form of a Yoruba name for a native of Nigeria which also means "returns". Hence, when Tunde is combined with other Yoruba words such as Baba (father) or Yeye/Iya/Mama (mother) to form Babatunde and Yetunde respectively, the meaning becomes 'father or mother has returned'. Similarly, Omo (son) or Ola (wealth) can be added to Tunde.
Notable persons with the name Tunde include:
Tunde Adebimpe (born 1975), American actor, director and musician
Tunde Adisa, Nigerian para table tennis player
Tunde Baiyewu (born 1965), British-Nigerian singer
Tunde Idiagbon (1942–1999), Nigerian soldier
Tunde Jegede (born 1972), Nigerian composer and musician
Tunde Nightingale (1922–1981), Nigerian musician
See also
Babatunde
Yetunde
Tünde, Hungarian female given name
External links
Tunde on YorubaName.com
Unisex given names
Yoruba given names
Dan Jinks is an American film and television producer. In February 2010, Jinks launched their own film and television production company, the Dan Jinks Company. In July 2011, they signed an overall deal with CBS Television Studios.
Life and career
Previously, working with producing partner Bruce Cohen, Jinks produced Milk, directed by Gus Van Sant and starring Sean Penn as Harvey Milk. The film was nominated for 8 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and won for Best Actor and Best Original Screenplay. Milk was named Best Picture of 2008 by the New York Film Critics Circle.
The pair won the Best Picture Academy Award in 2000 for producing American Beauty. The film, which won a total of five Oscars, was the first film produced through The Jinks/Cohen Company. Their second film was the sex comedy Down with Love starring Renée Zellweger and Ewan McGregor. Next up was Tim Burton's Big Fish, which was nominated as Best Picture for both the Golden Globes and the BAFTAs. Other films include The Forgotten, starring Julianne Moore, and John August's directing debut, The Nines, starring Ryan Reynolds, Melissa McCarthy and Hope Davis.
In television, Jinks and Cohen executive produced the acclaimed ABC series Pushing Daisies, which won eight Emmy Awards and was nominated for a Golden Globe as best television comedy. They also served as executive producers on the series Traveler (ABC) and Side Order of Life (Lifetime).
In the summer of 2008, Jinks and Cohen produced A Timeless Call, a tribute to war veterans that Steven Spielberg directed for the Democratic National Convention.
Jinks produced Nothing to Lose, starring Martin Lawrence and Tim Robbins for Touchstone Pictures, and executive produced The Bone Collector, with Denzel Washington and Angelina Jolie for Universal. A graduate of New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, Jinks began their career working in the theatre in New York. Along with Laurence Mark, for six years Dan has produced A Fine Romance, a benefit for the Motion Picture & Television Fund.
Filmography (as producer)
Film
Nothing to Lose (1997)
The Bone Collector (1999) (as executive producer)
American Beauty (1999)
Won: Academy Award for Best Picture
Down with Love (2003)
Big Fish (2003)
The Forgotten (2004)
The Nines (2007)
Milk (2008)
Nominated: Academy Award for Best Picture
Pinocchio (TBA)
Fiddler on the Roof (TBA)
Spamalot (TBA)
Television
Traveler (2007)
Side Order of Life (2007)
Pushing Daisies (2007–09)
Emily Owens, M.D. (2012–13)
Nancy Drew (2018)
References
External links
Filmmakers who won the Best Film BAFTA Award
Producers who won the Best Picture Academy Award
Living people
American film producers
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
LGBT producers
Czesław Ignacy Lorenc (14 April 1925 – 30 July 2015) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
2015 deaths
Polish male rowers
Olympic rowers of Poland
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
People from Jasło
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Gashanle () is a town in the Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia. It is located in the southeastern part of the country.
References
Gashanle
Populated places in Middle Shabelle
The 17th Sarasaviya Awards festival (), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1989 Sinhala cinema on April 30, 1990, at the Elphinstone Theater, Maradana, Sri Lanka. Their Excellency The President Ranasinghe Premadasa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Sagara Jalaya Madi Haduwa Oba Sanda won most number of awards with twelve awards including Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1990 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
The Braille pattern dots-6 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the bottom right dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the lower-middle right dot raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2820, and in Braille ASCII with a comma:, .
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-6 is used as a formatting, punctuation, accent sign, or otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-6 are Braille patterns 67, 68, and 678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 8, 18, 48, and 148 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-6, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 06, 67, and 067 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 8, 18, 48, or 148
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-6 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- N/A - used only as a selector
Selector
- な/亻 + selector 6 = 体
- な/亻 + な/亻 + selector 6 = 體
- 仁/亻 + selector 6 = 像
- も/門 + selector 6 = 凶
- も/門 + selector 6 + selector 6 = 凵
- 宿 + も/門 + selector 6 = 兇
- も/門 + も/門 + selector 6 = 匈
- に/氵 + も/門 + selector 6 = 洶
- 心 + も/門 + selector 6 = 椶
- く/艹 + selector 6 = 卉
- と/戸 + selector 6 = 尸
- 日 + selector 6 = 曰
- に/氵 + 日 + selector 6 = 沓
- き/木 + selector 6 = 本
- ち/竹 + き/木 + selector 6 = 笨
- み/耳 + き/木 + selector 6 = 躰
- 日 + き/木 + selector 6 = 皋
- け/犬 + selector 6 = 猫
- 囗 + selector 6 = 角
- れ/口 + 囗 + selector 6 = 嘴
- つ/土 + 囗 + selector 6 = 埆
- き/木 + 囗 + selector 6 = 桷
- 心 + 囗 + selector 6 = 槲
- そ/馬 + selector 6 = 象
- そ/馬 + selector 6 + selector 6 = 豸
- そ/馬 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 貘
- 心 + そ/馬 + selector 6 = 橡
- せ/食 + selector 6 = 酋
- 心 + せ/食 + selector 6 = 楢
- ひ/辶 + せ/食 + selector 6 = 遒
- せ/食 + せ/食 + selector 6 = 鰌
- か/金 + selector 6 = 鉢
- 心 + selector 6 = 黍
- selector 6 + そ/馬 = 丑
- け/犬 + selector 6 + そ/馬 = 狃
- か/金 + selector 6 + そ/馬 = 鈕
- selector 6 + selector 6 + そ/馬 = 豕
- selector 6 + に/氵 = 丞
- て/扌 + selector 6 + に/氵 = 拯
- selector 6 + さ/阝 = 乍
- る/忄 + selector 6 + さ/阝 = 怎
- selector 6 + て/扌 = 亭
- に/氵 + selector 6 + て/扌 = 渟
- selector 6 + 囗 = 亶
- selector 6 + り/分 = 僉
- ん/止 + selector 6 + り/分 = 歛
- ち/竹 + selector 6 + り/分 = 簽
- selector 6 + 宿 = 兌
- selector 6 + こ/子 = 公
- 心 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 枩
- か/金 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 瓮
- ふ/女 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 舩
- む/車 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 蚣
- お/頁 + selector 6 + こ/子 = 頌
- selector 6 + 龸 = 几
- れ/口 + selector 6 + 龸 = 咒
- selector 6 + み/耳 = 呂
- き/木 + selector 6 + み/耳 = 梠
- も/門 + selector 6 + み/耳 = 閭
- 心 + selector 6 + み/耳 = 櫚
- ち/竹 + selector 6 + み/耳 = 筥
- い/糹/#2 + selector 6 + み/耳 = 絽
- selector 6 + け/犬 = 失
- な/亻 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 佚
- selector 6 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 夸
- し/巿 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 帙
- み/耳 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 跌
- む/車 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 軼
- selector 6 + 心 = 奄
- に/氵 + selector 6 + 心 = 淹
- く/艹 + selector 6 + 心 = 菴
- も/門 + selector 6 + 心 = 閹
- selector 6 + る/忄 = 婁
- selector 6 + ⺼ = 孟
- selector 6 + う/宀/#3 = 宛
- selector 6 + selector 6 + う/宀/#3 = 彑
- selector 6 + は/辶 = 尚
- 氷/氵 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 敞
- よ/广 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 廠
- 心 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 棠
- に/氵 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 淌
- ね/示 + selector 6 + は/辶 = 裳
- selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 尤
- ⺼ + selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 肬
- selector 6 + selector 6 + 仁/亻 = 无
- selector 6 + つ/土 = 尭
- に/氵 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 澆
- く/艹 + selector 6 + つ/土 = 蕘
- selector 6 + い/糹/#2 = 尹
- ち/竹 + selector 6 + い/糹/#2 = 笋
- selector 6 + と/戸 = 廾
- selector 6 + め/目 = 弗
- と/戸 + selector 6 + め/目 = 髴
- selector 6 + ゆ/彳 = 弯
- selector 6 + selector 6 + ゆ/彳 = 彎
- selector 6 + ひ/辶 = 戍
- selector 6 + selector 6 + ひ/辶 = 柬
- selector 6 + し/巿 = 曳
- い/糹/#2 + selector 6 + し/巿 = 絏
- selector 6 + selector 6 + し/巿 = 曵
- selector 6 + 氷/氵 = 曷
- selector 6 + ん/止 = 焉
- ふ/女 + selector 6 + ん/止 = 嫣
- selector 6 + か/金 = 瓦
- の/禾 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甃
- も/門 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甌
- う/宀/#3 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甍
- そ/馬 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甑
- ま/石 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甓
- ひ/辶 + selector 6 + か/金 = 甕
- selector 6 + ほ/方 = 甫
- ⺼ + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 脯
- ひ/辶 + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 逋
- せ/食 + selector 6 + ほ/方 = 鯆
- selector 6 + よ/广 = 疋
- selector 6 + む/車 = 矣
- な/亻 + selector 6 + む/車 = 俟
- ん/止 + selector 6 + む/車 = 欸
- ま/石 + selector 6 + む/車 = 竢
- selector 6 + な/亻 = 竟
- selector 6 + の/禾 = 而
- の/禾 + selector 6 + の/禾 = 粫
- selector 6 + ら/月 = 胡
- 心 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 楜
- む/車 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 蝴
- せ/食 + selector 6 + ら/月 = 餬
- selector 6 + ぬ/力 = 臼
- け/犬 + selector 6 + ぬ/力 = 舂
- selector 6 + も/門 = 芻
- く/艹 + selector 6 + も/門 = 蒭
- selector 6 + く/艹 = 莫
- の/禾 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 糢
- む/車 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 蟆
- selector 6 + selector 6 + く/艹 = 屮
- selector 6 + え/訁 = 袁
- selector 6 + ま/石 = 辟
- ふ/女 + selector 6 + ま/石 = 嬖
- く/艹 + selector 6 + ま/石 = 薜
- 心 + selector 6 + ま/石 = 蘗
- み/耳 + selector 6 + ま/石 = 躄
- selector 6 + ち/竹 = 采
- selector 6 + selector 6 + ち/竹 = 釆
- selector 6 + れ/口 = 鬲
- selector 6 + selector 6 + す/発 = 乕
- selector 6 + selector 6 + や/疒 = 鬯
- selector 6 + selector 4 + ね/示 = 劒
- む/車 + selector 6 + ろ/十 = 蝨
Notes
Braille patterns
Shanny or Shannie may refer to:
Fish
Prickleback, a family (Stichaeidae) of blennies
Lipophrys pholis, a species of Combtooth blennies
People
Shannie Barnett (1919–1991), American basketball player
Shannie Duff, Canadian politician
Brendan Shanahan (born 1969), Canadian National Hockey League player and executive
Mike Shanahan (born 1952), National Football League coach
See also
Shannon (disambiguation)
In enzymology, a lysine racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-lysine ⇌ D-lysine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-lysine, and one product, D-lysine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is lysine racemase. This enzyme participates in lysine degradation.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Übergangskriegslokomotiven (literally: provisional war locomotives) were austere versions of standard locomotives (Einheitslokomotiven) built by Germany during the Second World War in order to accelerate their production. They are often just called 'ÜK' locomotives.
In the Second World War the requirement for motive power, especially goods train locomotives, rose sharply. To cope with the demand the standard locomotive classes 44, 50 and 86 were built, after 1941, to a simpler, more austere design and given the designation (ÜK) after the class number.
Characteristic of ÜK locomotives are e.g. disc wheels on the carrying axles and the omission of the front side windows in the driver's cabs. Even preheaters, feed pumps, Frontschürzen, smoke deflectors and other equipment not essential for the operation of the locomotives were sometimes left out.
The ÜK classes proved however to be just an interim step. As early as 1941 the requirement for a further, more radical simplification of locomotive construction became ever more pressing. As a result, genuine war locomotives (the Kriegslokomotiven) were developed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn. They were sub-divided into wartime steam locomotives (Kriegs-Dampf-Lokomotiven or KDL) and wartime electric locomotives (Kriegs-Elektrolokomotiven or KEL). Examples include the steam classes 42 and 52, as well as the Class E 44 and E 94.
See also
DRG Class 44
DRB Class 50
DRG Class 86
DRB Class 52
DRG Class 42
Steam locomotive types
Locomotives of Germany
Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft locomotives
Daniel Morgan Parkinson (October 20, 1790 – October 1, 1868) was a farmer, hotelier, state militia officer, and holder of various offices in frontier Wisconsin, including in the legislature.
Background
Parkinson was born on October 20, 1790 in Carter County, Tennessee, sixth son of Scottish immigrant Peter Parkinson. Their mother, born Mary Morgan, was the sister of Founding Father Daniel Morgan of Virginia, and the boy was named after their famous uncle. Their father dies when they were two years old, and they were unable to spend much time in formal study, instead taking up farming. They married fellow Tennessee native Elizabeth Hyder (a cousin of General Wade Hampton), with whom they had three sons.
They left their home in White County, Tennessee and moved their family to various areas in Illinois where lead mining was booming. They and their sons tried lead mining but didn't like it. After serving in the 1827 Winnebago War, Parkinson moved to New Diggings, then on to Mineral Point, in what was then Michigan Territory, where they ran an inn with their wife Rebecca "...a most excellent and popular landlady...." When the Black Hawk War broke out, Daniel and their son Peter Parkinson served as officers of the territorial militia under Henry Dodge, including in the decisive Battle of Wisconsin Heights. Six foot six inches in height "with bone, muscle and flesh to correspond", they were accounted an expert Indian fighter.
During the war, the Parkinsons spent some time in the stockade of Fort Defiance, five miles southeast of Mineral Point. In 1832 Daniel bought 80 acres of land in Willow Springs, Wisconsin in Lafayette County, a half mile from the fort, on the Military Road from Mineral Point to Galena. In 1833 they began building their hotel, tavern and home there on the hilltop. This two-story I-house building, called the Prairie Spring Hotel, was still standing in 2021.
Public office
Parkinson, a Democrat, was elected a delegate to the 1st Wisconsin Territorial Assembly (which met thrice between October 25, 1836 and June 25, 1838); and again for the Third, which met twice between December 7, 1840 and February 19, 1842.
In 1837 they were involved in incorporating the village of Mineral Point. In 1846 they represented Lafayette County at the first Constitutional Convention. In 1849 they served in the new state of Wisconsin's second State Assembly. In 1850, they were the Democratic nominee for the Wisconsin's 5th State Senate district, but lost to Whig Levi Sterling. In the 1850s they served on the Lafayette county board of supervisors, representing Willow Springs.
Death and heritage
Parkinson outlived three wives. They died on October 1, 1868 at their Willow Springs home, accompanied by their son, Peter Parkinson, who had by that time themselves served in the Assembly.
References
People from Carter County, Tennessee
People from New Diggings, Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Members of the Wisconsin Territorial Legislature
Wisconsin Democrats
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Army officers
American people of the Black Hawk War
1790 births
1868 deaths
19th-century American politicians
People from Willow Springs, Wisconsin
Lonjah and the Ogre (Arabic: لونجة والغول) is a novel by Algerian writer Zohour Wanese. It is ranked as one of the 100 best Arabic novels and was chosen by the Book Union that get published in the twenties. Lonjah and the Ogre recalls the values of struggle and the supreme Islamic values, also presents historical, political and social issues, by narrating the events of life and the liberation revolution. The novel used the Algerian folklore.
Summary
The novel explained the situation of Algeria during the war, and focus more on poor families, and it showed though it is the poverty, deprivation, and sadness that most classes were suffering from, in order to make Algeria the second home of France, people were deprived from their freedom and resources. Zhour was able to make the mine character of the novel a symbol of Algeria. “Malekah”, who lived under difficult conditions, and suffers from adversity and lack of independence, until the day came when the anger reached its maximum. Algerian people decided to front of the enemy's face, rejecting all kinds of harm and humiliation under which they live, and this is how all the Algerian people were saved.
References
1993 novels
Algerian novels
Arabic-language novels
