Tanya Lokshina (; born 17 June 1973) is a human rights researcher, journalist, and writer from Russia.  They are director of the Russia program at Human Rights Watch (associate director for Human Rights Watch's Europe and Central Asia division). Lokshina is an expert on the human rights situation in the Post-Soviet states.
Early years
Tanya Lokshina was born in the City of Moscow on June 17, 1973.
They tell about their childhood that when they were in school, there were many prohibitions and punishments for schoolchildren in Soviet Union, but a lot was already allowed, for example, it was forbidden to wear a Christian cross necklace in school, but when they came to school with a cross, administration still didn't kick them out of school, but their parents in the soviet times often told them how to behave: “Don't, it's dangerous, don't, and why are you showing off? You cannot break this whole stone wall with your forehead."
Education and work
Lokshina lived together with parents in the United States since 1990 where they studied journalism. While living in the US, they worked as a freelance for several Russian media. Lokshina later returned to Russia where they were also working as a journalist.
Journalism
Lokshina's articles, dedicated to Human Rights, were published in many newspapers like the Guardian, Le Monde, the Moscow Times, Novaya Gazeta, the Washington Post.
Lokshina was awarded for their writing in the Moscow online news website "Polit.Ru", — with other three nominees and one winner laureate Anna Lebedeva, — on the 2006 Sakharov prize, — a prize for journalism, established by entrepreneur, former Soviet dissident, Peter Vins.
Career of human rights researcher. Human Rights Watch
Lokshina worked for the human rights organization the Moscow Helsinki Group since 1998, where their researches were mostly about the second Chechen war, that began that time; Lokshina documented the Chechen war's abuses, interviewed witnesses and victims of the war. They travelled to Chechnya and Dagestan several times for their human rights work.
They work at Russian office of Human Rights Watch since 2008, that time their researches were about numerous human rights violations in North Caucasus as well as at 2008 war conflict in Georgia. Later they researched situation of political persecutions of individuals in Russia, also violations of human rights in Eastern Ukraine during war conflict.
Threats
Lokshina was under threat attack in 2012, when they began to systematically receive telephone messages with text detailing events of their private life. They were pregnant that time, and one of the threatening messages was saying: "We are waiting for the birth of your child", other message said that their childbirth wouldn't be "an easy birth." The Human Rights Watch's executive director Kenneth Roth told about the messages: "They knew where they lived, what they were doing. They made explicit reference to the fact of their pregnancy. They threatened harm to themselves and to their unborn baby." When HRW appealed about the threats to a number of Russian State securities departments, the messages stopped, albeit later other HRW researcher received another message that an unknown sender had known about a scheduled HRW conference and Lokshina's pregnancy.
Protecting women's rights in North Caucasus
Lokshina works a lot to study the situation with women's rights, in 2010 they interviewed women in Chechnya, trying to understand what are the changes in the current North Caucasus. According to their observations, the women of Chechnya have become more restricted in movement, men have begun to commit violence against women more often. They published their observations in the article "Chechnya: Choked by Headscarves" (2010).
Meeting with Edward Snowden
When Edward Snowden was landed in Russia, they sent the email to Tanya Lokshina on July 11, 2013 to ask regarding their presence on their closed door meeting with lawyers and representatives of humanitarian organizations. First, when Lokshina saw the email, they thought it was a's joke, because Edward Snowden was a world celebrity, they said.
Snowden asked Lokshina to come to the Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport, find there an airport staff person with "G9" sign in the airport guest hall, and when they did that, there were many reporters around. Then Lokshina and other eight invited guests: human rights defenders, Russian ombudsman Vladimir Lukin, a member of parliament, — were driven from the guest hall with a bus towards another airport entrance, where was Snowden with WikiLeaks journalist Sarah Harrison, then Snowden publicly announced their testimonies about their job in a service in the US to read communications without a warrant, about their decision to leave the US, disclose the secrets, and others.
Lokshina's attendance of the closed door meeting with Snowden was marred by controversy, as it emerged that Lokshina acted on behalf of the United States Embassy rather than Human Rights Watch, the organization that they represented at the meeting. The only journalist who attended the Snowden meeting at Sheremetyevo was Polonca Frelih who wrote that Lokshina "spoke more like a representative of the US Embassy and conveyed their message to Snowden that if they returned home, they would not be considered a traitor to state secrets, but only a violator of the law". Moreover, Lokshina took the first photograph of Snowden since their arrival in Moscow, which they did during the Sheremetyevo meeting despite being asked not to do so as the meeting was in no way a press conference.
Publications
I researches about human rights were published in many newspapers and media around world as The Guardian (UK), CNN, The New York Times, Washington Post (US), Novaya Gazeta (Russia), Le Monde (France).
They wrote, cooperated in, and edited also several books, such as
The Imposition of a Fake Political Settlement in the Northern Caucasus: The 2003 Chechen Presidential Election (Soviet and Post-Soviet Politics and Society 22), 2005, Edited by Tanya Lokshina (Volume 22), Tanya Lokshina (Editor), Andreas Umland (Series Editor), Ray Thomas (Collaborator), & 1 more
Chechnya Inside Out, Moskva: Demos, 2007
Chechnya: Chocked by Headscarves, 2010, Open Democracy
Them article about the abuse of women on North Caucasus was presented in "Chechnya at War and Beyond", 2014, Routledge Contemporary Russia и Eastern Europe
Awards
Nominated for 2006 Journalism as Deed, Andrei Sakharov prize founded by Peter Vins.
References
Women human rights activists
Russian human rights activists
Human Rights Watch people
1973 births
Living people
Journalists from Moscow
Web Medica Acreditada (Health-related content Websites Accreditation Programme) is an international quality and certification programme of health-related content websites that was launched in 1999 by the Medical Association of Barcelona (Spain).
Once the review of the web is made and if it adjusts to them criteria of quality, the seal of quality that certifies that such web has been revised and meets a series of criteria of quality is granted. WMA is based on the "Principios de Buena Práctica" created for this purpose for webs with medical information, adhering to the code of ethics of the Medical Associatiation of Barcelona and the quality criteria for websites of health of the European Union (eEurope).2
The general quality criteria are organized as follows:
Certification
Identification
Content
Privacy and confidentiality
Control and validation
Advertisement
Virtual consultation and second opinion
There is an index of Web sites that have earned the seal of quality in the WMA website and it has created the "WMA-Google search engine" which allows you to search only among the accredited websites.
External links
Web Mèdica Acreditada (WMA). (Homepage)
Col·legi Oficial de Metges de Barcelona (Medical Associacion of Barcelona). (Homepage)
References
Web standards
Medical and health organisations based in Spain
Still the 12th Man is the third album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in December 1992, the album reached number one on the ARIA Charts in January 1993.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 1993, the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release.
Plot
A day in the life of Richie Benaud, the "captain" of the Channel 9 cricket commentary team. Resembling a game between Australia and Pakistan, this album includes Bruce Reid literally falling apart, Tony Greig and Bill Lawry hijacking the commentary box and Max Walker streaking and hijacking the commentary box. In fact, it gets so bad for Richie that they have to leave early.
The album also contains the number one single, "Marvellous!".
Track listing
CD (8141392)
"Still the 12th Man" - 57:52
"Marvellous!" - 8:12
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
See also
List of number-one albums of 1993 (Australia)
List of Top 25 albums for 1993 in Australia
References
1992 albums
The Twelfth Man albums
1990s comedy albums
Neomixis is a genus of small forest birds that are endemic to Madagascar.
The genus was introduced by the English zoologist Richard Bowdler Sharpe in 1881. The type species is the stripe-throated jery (Neomixis striatigula). The genus was formerly placed in the Old World babbler family but is now considered belonging to the family Cisticolidae.
The genus comprises three species:
Stripe-throated jery (Neomixis striatigula)
Common jery (Neomixis tenella)
Green jery (Neomixis viridis)
Another species the wedge-tailed jery (Hartertula flavoviridis) was until recently placed in this genus but biochemical studies suggest its true relationships lie elsewhere.
References
Cibois, Alice; Slikas, Beth; Schulenberg, Thomas S. & Pasquet, Eric (2001): An endemic radiation of Malagasy songbirds is revealed by mitochondrial DNA sequence data. Evolution 55(6): 1198–1206. DOI:10.1554/0014-3820(2001)055[1198:AEROMS]2.0.CO;2 PDF fulltext
Ryan, Peter (2006). Family Cisticolidae (Cisticolas and allies). pp. 378–492 in del Hoyo J., Elliott A. & Christie D.A. (2006) Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 11. Old World Flycatchers to Old World Warblers Lynx Edicions, Barcelona
Nguembock B.; Fjeldsa J.; Tillier A.; Pasquet E. (2007): A phylogeny for the Cisticolidae (Aves: Passeriformes) based on nuclear and mitochondrial DNA sequence data, and a re-interpretation of a unique nest-building specialization. Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 42: 272–286.
Bird genera
Cisticolidae
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zero-waste fashion refers to items of clothing that generate little or no textile waste in their production. It can be considered to be a part of the broader Sustainable fashion movement. Often, waste is created by throwing out entire pieces of bolt due to a small imperfection in the fabric. Zero-waste fashion strives to eliminate this. It can be divided into two general approaches. Pre-consumer zero-waste fashion eliminates waste during manufacture. Post-consumer zero-waste fashion generates clothing from post-consumer garments such as second-hand clothing, eliminating waste at what would normally be the end of the product use life of a garment. Zero-waste fashion is not a new concept - early examples of zero-waste or near zero-waste garments include Kimono, Sari, Chiton and many other traditional folk costumes.
Pre-consumer zero-waste design
Two general approaches fall under this category, both of which occur during a garment's initial production. In zero-waste fashion design the designer creates a garment through the pattern cutting process, working within the space of the fabric width. This approach directly influences the design of the final garment as the pattern cutting process is a primary design step. It is difficult to design a zero-waste garment solely through sketching, although sketching can be a useful speculative tool. Zero-waste manufacture, of which zero-waste design is a component, is a holistic approach that can eliminate textile waste without modifying the garment patterns.
Zero-waste pattern designers
Designers that have used this approach, or approaches to cutting that have an affinity with zero-waste fashion design, include
Andrew Williams
Ernesto Thayaht
Shreya Upadhyaya
Bageeya Eco-clothing
Bernard Rudofsky
Claire McCardell
Zandra Rhodes
Emroce
Siddhartha Upadhyaya
Yeohlee Teng
Julian Roberts
Timo Rissanen
Holly McQuillan
Tara St James
Jennifer Whitty
Samuel Formo
Mark Liu
David Telfer
Julia Lumsden
MaterialByProduct
Katherine Soucie
Dusanka Duric
Daniel Silverstein
Charlene O'Brien
Baiba Ladiga
Natascha von Hirschhausen
Shelly Xu
Danielle Elsener
Sookhyun Kim
Zero-waste manufacture
Approaches can include the use of technology such as whole garment knitting, but often waste is eliminated by reusing the off-cuts in other products. Designers and companies that have used these approaches include:
Alabama Chanin
August (Direct Panel on Loom / DPOL) by Siddhartha Upadhyaya
Pretcastle by Shreya Upadhyaya & Siddhartha Upadhyaya
Issey Miyake
Sans Soucie
Worn Again
Recover Textile Systems
DaRousso
Tonle
Charlene O'Brien
Differences from standard fashion production
The life expectancy of a garment has dwindled throughout the years. This has eroded the quality and decision making during the manufacturing of these pieces. Designers are seeking new ways to reuse existing garments to counter the millions of pounds in annual waste.
A standard garment production process may begin with a drawing of the desired garment, a pattern is then generated to achieve this design, a marker is made to most efficiently use the fabric (without modifying the pattern shapes), the pattern pieces are then cut from the cloth, sewn, packed and distributed to retailers. Standard garment production generates and average of 15% textile waste due to the stratification or hierarchy of the garment production process.
Post-consumer zero-waste
This design approach utilises the remnants of the fashion cycle to produce new garments from second hand or surplus goods. Practitioners include:
Martin Margiela
Goodone
Pretcastle
Nick Cave
Sans Soucie
Worn Again
Rhetorical Factory
Waste elimination hierarchy
The waste hierarchy consists of the three 'R's' - Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, in order of impact. Zero-waste fashion design eliminates pre-consumer textile waste, while not necessarily addressing waste created during the use life and disposal phase of the garment's life cycle.
During textile production, many pollutants in the form of liquid, solid, and gas are emitted to the environment. The textile and apparel industry is the most polluting and has a low recycling rate of about 15%. The Zero-waste fashion design would significantly eliminate gas emissions during the production process and give any material waste proper use.
Notable contributions
Dorothy Burnham: Cut My Cote from 1973 was a seminal text that summarised decades of Burnham's research into cuts of traditional dress.
Madeleine Vionnet's design approach aligns itself well to zero waste fashion design and many of their garments had minimal waste.
Alison Gwilt and Timo Rissanen's book Shaping Sustainable Fashion includes a number of references to zero waste fashion
Exhibitions
DPOL by Siddhartha Upadhyaya exhibited at London Science museum, Antenna Exhibition for its breakthrough in sustainable and zero waste fashion.
Bad Dogs by Timo Rissanen, UTS 2008.
ZERO Waste: Fashion Re-Patterned 2011. Curated by Arti Sandhu from Columbia College, Chicago.
YIELD: Making fashion without making waste 2011. Curated by Timo Rissanen and Holly McQuillan held at The Dowse Art Museum, New Zealand and Textile Arts Center, Brooklyn.
AUGUST & AIGHT : A commercial show of Zero Waste / DPOL products exhibited by Siddhartha Upadhyaya and Shreya Upadhyaya at Ethical Fashion Show, Paris Fashion week, Sep 1–6, 2011
References
External links
Emma Grady for Discovery Treehugger
NYTimes Article on Zero Waste
ISSF Zero Waste Fashion Initiative
Clothing and the environment
is a noted Japanese astrophotographer and astronomer. PBS has described them as "the world's foremost wide-angle astrophotographer".
They graduated from Tama Art University in 1961, and began working at observatories, producing a substantial bibliography of general-audience astronomy books. In 1974, Fujii began Japan's first star party, the "Invitation to Starlit Skies", which they hosted on Mount Azuma until 1984.
Fujii's work is marketed by David Malin; they collaborated with Serge Brunier in the production of 2001's Great Atlas of the Stars.
The main-belt asteroid 3872 Akirafujii is named in their honor.
References
External links
David Ratledge analyzes the "Akira Fujii effect", at Deep-Sky.co.uk
1941 births
20th-century Japanese astronomers
Living people
People from Yamaguchi Prefecture
21st-century Japanese astronomers
Start Music Aaradhyam Paadum is an Indian Malayalam-language musical game show. It first premiered in Asianet on 10 August 2019. The show successfully completed three seasons and currently the show is airing fourth season every weekends.
Season(s)
List of episodes
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
References
2019 Indian television series debuts
2020 Indian television series endings
2020 Indian television series debuts
2021 Indian television series endings
2021 Indian television series debuts
Indian reality television series
Indian television series
Indian game shows
Asianet (TV channel) original programming
Malayalam-language television shows
Mavai () may refer to:
Mavai-ye Olya
Mavai-ye Sofla (disambiguation)
Mavai-ye Vasat
Daniel Virgil Maisonneuve (born October 22, 1999), known professionally as Sub Urban, is an American singer, producer and songwriter. They became famous for their song "Cradles".
Biography
Maisonneuve was born on October 22, 1999, in Nyack, New York to a French Canadian father and a Taiwanese mother. While raised in the suburbs of Ridgewood, New Jersey, they began producing music at the age of 15. They were trained in classical piano at the age of 6, but quit after claiming that they were "sick of playing other people's compositions". In the fall of 2016, Maisonneuve dropped out of high school to pursue their musical career, "isolating" themselves to work on various demos and songs. The most popular song of theirs to come out of this period of self-isolation was "Cradles", which skyrocketed in popularity after being shared heavily on video-sharing application TikTok.
In 2014 and 2018, Maisonneuve frequently collaborated with British producer DNMO on tracks such as "Sick of You" and "Broken". Maisonneuve states that "most of their inspiration has derived from artists such as K. Flay, EDEN, Aries, verzache, Joji, Cage the Elephant and NoMBe".
On March 13, 2020, Maissoneuve released their first EP, titled Thrill Seeker, where they have the participation of the South Korean hip-hop artist, REI AMI, with the song "Freak", accompanied by video and official audio.
Maissoneuve recently made some strange remarks in regards to their sexual orientation and preferences
Maisonneuve and Dutch singer-songwriter Naaz, were scheduled to open the '"K-12 Tour"' in North America and Europe. The tour was postponed, afterwards cancelled, due to the 2019-22 coronavirus pandemic.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Songwriting credits
Tours
Headlining
Virgil's Mania Tour starring Sub Urban and Bella Poarch (2021)
Supporting
Melanie Martinez – K-12 Tour (2019–20)
References
1999 births
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
American male pop singers
Record producers from New Jersey
Singer-songwriters from New Jersey
Record producers from New York (state)
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
American TikTokers
American people of French-Canadian descent
American people of Taiwanese descent
American musicians of Taiwanese descent
People from Nyack, New York
People from Ridgewood, New Jersey
Milestone Aviation Group, a subsidiary of AerCap, is an aircraft leasing company focused on helicopters. As of December 31, 2021, it owned 355 helicopters, which are leased to companies including CHC Helicopter, Bristow Helicopters, Saudi Aramco, and Babcock International.
The company has international offices in Dublin and Dubai.
History
Milestone Aviation Group was founded in August 2010 by Richard Santulli, who was responsible for the growth of NetJets into a multinational corporation, with a $500 million investment from two private equity companies: Jordan Co. and Nautic Partners LLC.
In August 2012, the company placed one of the largest-ever helicopter orders: 22 aircraft for $682 million, primarily to serve the petroleum industry.
In June 2015, the company was acquired by GE Capital Aviation Services for $1.775 billion plus the assumption or payoff of Milestone's existing debt.
In November 2021, GE Capital Aviation Services was acquired by AerCap.
References
2010 establishments in Ireland
Aircraft leasing companies
Colts Neck Township, New Jersey
Companies based in Dublin (city)
Economy of Columbus, Ohio
Multinational companies headquartered in the Republic of Ireland
Transport companies established in 2010
Transport companies of the Republic of Ireland
Jean Luc Ponpon is an international songwriting and production team consisting of members Daniel Merlot, Takanori Tsunoda, Stefan Breadley.
Daniel Merlot (also known as Crash Berlin) is the Music director/keyboardist for Porcelain Black (Universal Records ) produced by Red One -Lady Gaga's producer and has recently been on U.S./Canada 25 city tour with Lil Wayne & Nicki Minaj . They also produce artists internationally and across Asia, and is the Music Director for Tokyo Girls Collection in China With a long career as DJ / music producer / musician has seen Daniel deejaying with Justice, Bjork, Peaches, Janes Addiction, Kool Keith, and others.
Stefan Breadley started as an in-house audio engineer for 4th Street Recording Studios in 1998 by installing their Pro Tools system. Since then, they have expanded to production and mixing, and has been fortunate enough to work with many of 4th Street's top clients, including artists from Incubus, Prodigy, Seven Dust, Korn, Black Eyed Peas and many more. A vocal specialist, Stefan has extensive experience recording, arranging, editing and mixing vocals. Always keen to try new things, Stefan volunteered for the odd jobs, and over the years has worked with every type of media, and produced every type of music.
Daniel Merlot banded Jean Luc ponpon in 2008.
Production Credits
Porcelain Black featuring Lil Wayne
11. “This Is What Rock n' Roll Looks Like“
Perry Farrell(Lollapalooza / Jane's Addiction)
11. “KING Z“
SPICA
14. “I Did it“
Shang Wenjie
11. “IN“
12. “Ode To The Doom“
13. “back to the world“
Morning Musume
16. "Mukidashi de Mukiatte“
17. "Brand New Morning"
℃-ute
15. The Middle Management“
15. "Digitalic→0 (LOVE)“
VOGUE - Video
08. “Fashion on demand:rock baby“
References
External links
DANIEL MERLOT
TAKANORI TSUNODA
STEFAN BROADLEY
Record production teams
James William Massie (11 November 1799 – 8 May 1869) was a Scottish nondenominational minister and missionary to India.
Life
Born in Glasgow, Scotland, they were ordained in 1822 and began their ministry as a missionary with the London Missionary Society in India (Madras from 1823 to 1825, and Bangalore from 1825 until around 1827). From 1828 until 1830 they tried to establish a Congregational chapel in Dunfermline, Scotland.
Massie ministered in Dublin from 1831 until 1836, and was then minister of Perth Congregational Church in Scotland until 1841. They were in Salford, England, until 1848, and then moved to London to become secretary of the Home Missionary Society.
Massie was frequently in Ireland, on revival work, and died in Kingstown, near Dublin. They were an advocate of free trade, making a celebrated speech for the anti-Cornlaw League in 1842. They were also an abolitionist, and a member of the union and emancipation societies that were formed during the American Civil War in America. They visited America several times. They were married with one son, Milton, and two daughters.
Publications
Liberty of Conscience Illustrated
The Contract: War and Christianity
References
Attribution
1799 births
1869 deaths
Scottish Congregationalist ministers
The Helminthoglyptinae are a subfamily of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks within the family Xanthonychidae.
This is a large and diverse group of new world snails, ranging in distribution from Alaska through North America to the West Indies, Central America, and as far south as Argentina.
The shells are typically of medium to large size, with no apertural teeth but usually with a reflected apertural lip.
Anatomy
In the species in this family, the diverticulum may be present or absent. They possess a single dart apparatus with one stylophore (dart sac) and two mucus glands. These snails use the love dart as part of their mating behavior.
In this subfamily, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy
The basic nomenclature and taxonomy of this large and complex subfamily of land snails has been the subject of many modifications, and the list of genera given here is applicable only when the subfamily is broadly interpreted. Many of these snail genera have been placed by various authors in more restrictively defined families, such as: Cepolidae, Epiphragmophoridae, Humboldtianidae, Monadeniidae, and Xanthonychidae.
Tribes in the subfamily Helminthoglyptinae include (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
tribe Helminthoglyptini Pilsbry, 1939
subtribe Helminthoglyptina Pilsbry, 1939: the mucus glands lie adjacent to the vagina or to the sheath of the dart apparatus; the ducts of the glands are provided with bulbous reservoirs.
subtribe Micrariontina Schileyko, 1991: the mucus glands lie adjacent to the dart sac; in part the dart apparatus is missing.
tribe Sonorelicini Roth, 1996
Subfamily Sonorellinae Pilsbry, 1939: the diverticulum and the dart apparatus are absent.
Genera
ITIS listed 16 genera under Helminthoglyptidae.WoRMS added the two genera Greggelix and Micrarionta, as well as dividing the subfamily into two tribes.They are listed below:
Helminthoglyptini Pilsbry, 1939
Cahuillus B. Roth, 1996
Chamaearionta S.S. Berry, 1930
Eremarionta Pilsbry, 1913
Eremariontoides W.B. Miller, 1981
Greggelix W.B. Miller, 1972
Helminthoglypta Ancey, 1887 - type genus of the family Helminthoglyptidae and subtribe Helminthoglyptina
Herpeteros Berry, 1947
Micrarionta Ancey, 1880 - type genus of the subtribe Micrariontina
Martirelix W.B. Miller, 1982
Noyo Roth, 1996
Plesarionta Pilsbry, 1939
Rothelix Miller, 1985
Sonorelix Berry, 1943 - was listed as type genus of the tribe Sonorelicini
Xerarionta Pilsbry, 1913
Sonorellini Pilsbry, 1939
Maricopella Roth, 1996
Mohavelix Berry, 1943
Myotophallus Pilsbry, 1939
Sonorella Pilsbry, 1900 - was listed as type genus of the subfamily Sonorellinae (now Sonorellini)
Genera listed below has an unknown origin:
Averellia Ancey, 1887
Cepolis Montfort, 1810
Dialeuca Albers, 1850
Hemitrochus Swainson, 1840
Humboldtiana Ihering, 1892
Leptarionta Fischer & Crosse, 1872
Polymita Beck, 1837
Setipellis Pilsbry, 1926
Tryonigens Pilsbry, 1927
The taxon listed below was moved into another taxon:
Xanthonyx Crosse & Fischer, 1867: Now under Xanthonychidae.
References
External links
Jingzhuang is a town in the Yanqing District of Beijing.
References
Yanqing District
Towns in Beijing
Samuel Sloan may refer to:
Samuel Sloan (architect) (1815–1884), Philadelphia-based architect and author of architecture books
Samuel Sloan (railroad executive) (1817–1907), American politician and business person, president of the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad
Sam Sloan (Samuel Howard Sloan, born 1944), American chess player and publisher
Panah () in Iran may refer to:
Panah, Gilan
Panah, Razavi Khorasan
The trilling gnatwren (Ramphocaenus melanurus), formerly long-billed gnatwren, is a very small bird in the gnatcatcher family. It found from southeast Mexico south to Ecuador and Amazonia.
Taxonomy
The trilling gnatwren was described by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1819 from a specimen collected in Brazil. They coined the binomial name Ramphocaenus melanurus. The genus name Ramphocaenus means "unusual beak", from the Ancient Greek (, "beak") and (, "strange"). The specific epithet combines the Ancient Greek melas "black" and oura "tail". A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2018 found that two subspecies of Ramphocaenus melanurus formed a separate clade. The subspecies were split off to become the chattering gnatwren and the English name of this species was changed from "long-billed gnatwren" to "trilling gnatwren".
Thirteen subspecies are recognised:
R. m. rufiventris (Bonaparte, 1838) – south Mexico to west Ecuador
R. m. ardeleo Van Tyne & Trautman, 1941 – Yucatán Peninsula (southeast Mexico) and north Guatemala
R. m. panamensis Phillips, AR, 1991 – central and east Panama
R. m. sanctaemarthae Sclater, PL, 1862 – north Colombia and northwest Venezuela
R. m. griseodorsalis Chapman, 1912 – west Colombia
R. m. pallidus Todd, 1913 – Zulia Valley (north central Colombia) and west Venezuela
R. m. trinitatis Lesson, R, 1839 – east Colombia to north Venezuela, Trinidad
R. m. albiventris Sclater, PL, 1883 – east Venezuela, the Guianas and north Brazil
R. m. duidae Zimmer, JT, 1937 – northeast Ecuador to south Venezuela
R. m. badius Zimmer, JT, 1937 – northeast Peru and southeast Ecuador
R. m. amazonum Hellmayr, 1907 – east Peru to north central Brazil
R. m. austerus Zimmer, JT, 1937 – east Brazil south of the Amazon
R. m. melanurus Vieillot, 1819 – east central Brazil
Description
Adult trilling gnatwrens are in length and weigh . They have a long, thin bill and a short cocked tail. The upperparts are grey-brown, with rufous on the sides of the head. The throat is white, shading to buff on the rest of the underparts. The tail is black with white tips to all but the central feathers, and is frequently wagged. R. m. trinitatis, of eastern Colombia, Venezuela and Trinidad has paler underparts, and buff flanks and head sides.
The call is a trilled drdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdrdr.
Habitat
It is found in the undergrowth and vines of dry forest and secondary woodland from Mexico south to Peru and Brazil, and on Trinidad.
Behaviour
Breeding
Trilling gnatwrens build a deep cup nest very low in a small plant or sapling. The two white eggs are incubated by both parents for 16–17 days to hatching, with a further 11–12 days to fledging.
Feeding
Trilling gnatwrens forage actively in vegetation, eating mainly insects, insect eggs and spiders. They usually occur in pairs or family groups.
References
Further reading
External links
Long-billed Gnatwren videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Long-billed Gnatwren photo gallery VIREO
Ramphocaenus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of Mexico
trilling gnatwren
trilling gnatwren
Alison Brendom Alves dos Santos (born 3 June 2000) is a Brazilian athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles.  They are a bronze medalist at the 2020 Olympic Games, the 2022 World Champion and the 3rd fastest athlete in the history of the event, in addition to being a gold medalist in the 2019 Pan American Games and is currently the South American and Pan American record holder in the competition.
Career
Early life
As a 10-month-old, a domestic accident left them with third-degree oil burns on their head and characteristic scars.
As a child, Alison took a chance on judo. It was during this period that they earned the nickname Piu, but soon left the mat for athletics. At the age of 16, they were already competing among adults.
They won a bronze medal at the 2018 World U20 Championships.
At just 19 years old, they participated in the 2019 Pan American Games, held in Lima, Peru, where they won the 400m hurdles event, breaking their personal record, and the South American under-20 record, with the time of 48.45. It was the 4th best time in the world at the moment, and with that, they qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics. They had already won gold in the same event, at the 2019 Summer Universiade, weeks before.
In September 2019, they went to the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar, where they won the 400m hurdles semifinal in 48.35, breaking their personal record again and going to the final with the second best overall time. The last time a Brazilian had reached the final of this event in the Worlds was with Eronilde Araújo, in 1999. In the final, they broke their personal record again, finishing in 7th place, with the time of 48.28. They were just 0.25s from the bronze medalist.
In April 2021, they broke again their own Brazilian record with a time of 48.15, in Des Moines, USA. On 9 May 2021, they broke the South American record that belonged since 2005 to Panama's athlete Bayano Al Kamani (47.84). Alison dos Santos obtained the 47.68 mark in the Mt.Sac stage of the Continental Athletics Tour, in California (USA). On 28 May 2021, they broke the South American record again with a time of 47.57, in Doha, Qatar, participating in the Diamond League. This time placed Alison as 3rd in the world ranking. They even topped the list in April. The time of 47.57 already placed them as 22nd best runner in the race of all time.
On 1 July 2021, in the Oslo stage of the Diamond League, they again lowered your own South American record, with a time of 47.38. This time placed him, at the moment, as the 15th best runner in the history of the race. They improved this record with 47.34, three days later, winning in Stockholm Diamond League stage.
At the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Alison qualified for the final of the 400 metres hurdles, breaking the South American record with a time of 47.31. In the final, they got the bronze medal, breaking the South American record again by a large margin, with a time of 46.72 (he lowered their time by 0.6 seconds). Both he, Warholm and Benjamin surprisingly lowered their times: Warholm lowered the world record by almost 0.8 seconds (45.94) and Benjamin beat the Americas record also by 0.8 seconds (46.17). The event was the strongest in 400m hurdles history, with the three Olympic medalists getting the three best times in the history of the event, all beating Kevin Young's old world record (which had lasted almost 30 years and had only fallen a month before the Olympics). Alison became the 3rd best in the history of the race, at just 21 years old.
In April 2022, they made the 2nd best Brazilian mark in history in the 400m, 44.54, an event that is not their specialty and what gave them the index to qualify for the Eugene World Championship (he would be a bronze medalist in the 400m with this mark, in this championship). In May 2022 they won a gold medal in the Doha stage of the Diamond League with a time of 47.24, defeating Rai Benjamin. In June 2022 they won a gold medal in the Stockholm stage of the Diamond League with a time of 46.80.
On July 19, 2022, in the 2022 World Athletics Championships, they broke the South American record again and the World Championship record in the 400 metres hurdles with a time of 46.29, becoming world champion, defeating Warholm and Benjamin. It was the first men's gold in the history of Brazil in World Athletics Championships, and became only the second Brazilian in history to be world champion in outdoor athletics. The first was the pole vaulter Fabiana Murer eleven years earlier in Daegu, South Korea. Alison was 0.13s from beating Benjamin's Americas record and 0.36s from beating Warholm's world record.
Personal bests
400 m hurdles: 46.29 – Eugene, 19 July 2022
400 m: 44.54 – Walnut, 16 April 2022
4x400 m relay: 3:04.13 – Lima, 26 May 2019
Record progression in the 400m hurdles
2017 (17 years old) - 53.82
2018 (18 years old) - 49.78
2019 (19 years old) - 48.28
2020 (20 years old) - no competitions held
2021 (21 years old) - 46.72
2022 (22 years old) - 46.29
International competitions
References
2000 births
Living people
Brazilian male hurdlers
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Pan American Games athletes for Brazil
South American Championships in Athletics winners
Pan American Games gold medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
World Youth Championships in Athletics winners
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Olympic bronze medalists for Brazil
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Brazil
Freske fraspark (Fresh Push-Offs) is a Norwegian comedy film from 1963 directed by Bjørn Breigutu. The script was written by Kjell Aukrust and Breigutu. The story was previously arranged for stage for the Norwegian Theater in Oslo as the play Dobbeltsats og freske fraspark (Double Takeoff and Fresh Push-Offs), which was based on scenes from Aukrust's books Simen and Bror min, published in 1958 and 1960.
Filming of Freske fraspark took place in Alvdal, Tolga, and Vingelen. The film was very poorly received by the reviewer at Verdens Gang, who gave it one star out of six.
Plot
An old village dispute between Alvdal and Tynset has flared up again in the winter of 1936. The reason is that Per Sætermyrmoen has won the Holmenkollen 50 km cross-country ski race, and both villages would like to claim them as one of their own and celebrate the skier upon their return home.
Cast
Henki Kolstad as Embret Trondsbakken
Einar Vaage as the father-in-law
Birger Løvaas as Martin
Alf Malland as Ollvar
Frank Robert as Jostein
Ragnhild Michelsen as Oline, Embret's wife
Turid Balke as Martin's wife
Elsa Lystad as Ollvar's wife
Kari Diesen as Jostein's wife
Carsten Byhring as the editor
Leif Juster as Torgrim Skarpjordet
Svein Byhring one of the Alvdal residents
References
External links
Freske fraspark at the National Library of Norway
1963 films
Norwegian comedy films
Norwegian black-and-white films
Films set in Norway
1963 comedy films
PKI Resource Query Protocol (PRQP) is an Internet protocol used for obtaining information about services associated with an X.509 Certificate Authority. It is described by published on October 23, 2013. PRQP aims to improve Interoperability and Usabilities issues among PKIs, helping to find services and data repositories associated with a CA. Messages communicated via PRQP are encoded in ASN.1 and are usually communicated over HTTP.
Background
At present, ever more services and protocols are being defined to address different needs of users and
administrators in PKIs.
With the deployment of new applications and services, the need to access PKI resources provided by
different organizations are critical.
Each application needs to be told about how to find these services for each new certificate it encounters.
Therefore, each application needs to be properly configured by filling in complex configuration options
whose meaning is mostly unknown to the average user (and likely to the administrator as well).
Related Methods
In PKIs there are three other primary methods for clients to obtain pointers to PKI data: adopting specific
certificate extensions; looking at easily accessible repositories (e.g. DNS, local database, etc.); and
adapting existing protocols (e.g. Web Services).
Certificate Extensions
To provide pointers to published data, a CA could use the Authority Information Access (AIA) and
Subject Information Access (SIA) extensions as detailed in .
The former can provide information about the issuer of the certificate while the
latter carries information (inside CA certificates) about offered services.
The Subject Information Access extension can carry a URI to point to certificate repositories and
timestamping services.
Hence this extension allows accessing services by several different protocols
(e.g. HTTP, FTP, LDAP or SMTP).
Although encouraged, usage of the AIA and SIA extension is still not widely deployed.
There are two main reasons for this.
The first is the lack of support for such extensions in available clients.
The second reason is that extensions are static, i.e. not modifiable.
Indeed, to modify or add new extensions, in order to have users and applications
to be aware of new services or their dismissal, the certificate
must be re-issued.
This would not be feasible for End Entities (EE) certificates, except during
periodic reissuing, but it would be feasible for the CA certificate itself.
The CA could retain the same public key and name and just add new values to
the AIA extension in the new certificate.
If users fetch the CA cert regularly, rather than caching it, this would enable
them to become aware of the new services.
Although this is possible, almost all available clients do not look for CAs
certificates if they are already stored in clients' local database.
In any case, since URLs tend to change quite often while certificates persist
for longer time frames, experience suggests that these extensions invariably
point to URLs that no longer exist.
Moreover, considering the fact that the entity that issues the certificates and
the one who runs the services may not be the same, it is infeasible that the
issuing CA will reissue all of its certificate in case a server URL's changes.
Therefore, it is not wise to depend on the usage of AIA or SIA extensions for
available services and repositories lookup.
DNS Service Records
The SRV record or DNS Service record technique is thought to provide pointers
to servers directly in the DNS (RFC 1035).
As defined in RFC 2782, the introduction of this type of record allows administrators
to perform operations rather similar to the ones needed to solve the problem PRQP addresses,
i.e. an easily configurable PKI discovery service.
The basic idea is to have the client query the DNS for a specific SRV record.
For example, if an SRV-aware LDAP client wants to discover an LDAP server for a certain domain, it performs a DNS lookup for _ldap._tcp.example.com
(the _tcp means the client requesting a TCP enabled LDAP server).
The returned record contains information on the priority, the weight, the port
and the target for the service in that domain.
The problem in the adoption of this mechanism is that in PKIs (unlike DNS)
there is usually no fixed requirement for the name space used.
Most of the time, there is no correspondence between DNS structure and data
contained in the certificates.
The only exception is when the Domain Component (DC)
attributes are used in the certificate's Subject.
The DC attributes are used to specify domain components of a DNS name,
for example the domain name example.com could be represented by using the
dc=com, dc=example format.
If the CA's subject field would make use of such a format,
the Issuer field would allow client applications to perform DNS lookups for
the provided domain where the information about repositories and services could be stored.
However, currently, the practice is very different.
In fact it is extremely difficult for a client to map digital certificates
to DNS records because the DC format is not widely adopted by existing CAs.
For example, only one certificate from IE7/Outlook certificates store uses the domain
components to provide a mapping between the certificate and an Internet Domain.
Internet protocols
Randy Pierce may refer to:
Randy Pierce (ice hockey), Canadian ice hockey player
Randy G. Pierce, Supreme Court of Mississippi judge
The 1968 Hackney Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Desert Winds High School was an intervention/retention high school in Casa Grande, Arizona. There are two sessions in the school: Credit Recovery and Alternative. Credit Recovery meets in the morning, and the alternative school meets in the afternoon. It was part of the Casa Grande Union High School District. This school is currently closed.
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
Buildings and structures in Casa Grande, Arizona
Kim Yong-ki (1908–1988) was a South Korean agrarian movement leader, Christian and philosopher. They were a pioneer in waste land cultivation, and strove to demonstrate through their work that life as a farmer can be fulfilling and productive. Their mission was to induce dynamic spiritual, inspirational, and economic change in rural areas of South Korea.  They are considered one of the founding fathers of the New Community Movement, the foundation of South Korea's modernization. They founded the Canaan School in Gwangju, Gyeonggi, in 1962. In recognition of their work, they were awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Public service in 1966.
References
1908 births
1988 deaths
Deaths from cancer in South Korea
South Korean Christians
Ramon Magsaysay Award winners
Silene suecica is a species of plant in the family Caryophyllaceae. Its common name is red Alpine catchfly and its natural habitat is the mountains of Norway and Sweden but it is sometimes found near the coasts and it is also found in the Alps and the Pyrenees, Greenland and North America.
Description
Alpine catchfly is a perennial plant growing to a height of . The stems are unbranched and erect with a glossy surface often tinged with red. The leaves are in opposite pairs, the lower ones being stalked and forming a rosette while the upper ones are unstalked. The leaves are narrow and lanceolate with entire margins. The inflorescence is a small umbel and the flowers are fragrant. The calyx is five-lobed and tubular and a greenish-purple colour. The corolla is regular, from in diameter with five pink, deeply notched petals. There are several stamens, some of which may be vestigial, and five styles. The fruit is a five-chambered capsule. This plant flowers between June and August.
Distribution and habitat
Alpine catchfly is found in northern Europe including Norway, Sweden, Finland and Lapland and in the Alps, northern Apennines and the Pyrenees where it grows on rocks including extra-alkaline serpentine rocks, gravel banks beside rivers, sand banks, sea cliffs and nutrient-poor, stony areas. In Greenland and North America it is found on tundra, barren rocky areas, gulleys and riverside shingle, grassy slopes and sea cliffs. In general it thrives where other plants that are less tolerant of high concentrations of copper and heavy metals in the soil do not.
Uses
Because of its ability to grow in soils with heavy amounts of copper, Silene suecica is used as a copper content indicator in geobotanical prospecting.
References
External links
suecica
Flora of Norway
Flora of Sweden
Flora of Finland
Flora of the Pyrenees
Flora of the Alps
Shimbula is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows southwestward to empty finally in Giba and Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 38 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Mekelle Dolerite
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 23 follows the water divide, parallel to the river, and gives panoramic views over the Shimbula valley.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
The Knee Knackering North Shore Trail Run, also known as the Knee Knacker, was established in 1989 and is a 50 km ultramarathon trail run in that takes place in British Columbia, in the Greater Vancouver area on the second Saturday of July each year. Due to a municipality's environmental concerns, the field is limited to 200 runners. Because of the race's popularity, the entrants are selected by lottery. The route, comprising about 2,600 m of vertical climb and descent, generally follows the Baden-Powell Trail, and traverses the North Shore Mountains from Horseshoe Bay to Deep Cove.
Course
Both ends of the Baden Powell trail course are close to sea level, with a high point of 4,016 feet (1224 m) at the peak of Black Mountain. The course follows a scenic and very technical trail through a coastal British Columbia rain forest. Most of the trail is within the forest, and there are some spectacular vistas at a number of points along the way, particularly at Eagle Bluff. In addition to the challenging terrain, the race is well known for its high volunteer-to-runner support ratio and the full banquet held afterward, where all runners receive an award certificate for completing the race.
Records
The course record was set by Nick Elson in 2017, they led from start to finish and completed the course in 4:32.03. This surpassed the record set by Aaron Heidt in 2010, who posted a mark of 4:39.52. The women's record holder is Ellie Greenwood, who clocked 5:06.09 in 2010.
References
External links
Kneeknacker.com Knee Knackering North Shore Trail Run (official Web site)
Recurring sporting events established in 1989
Ultramarathons
Sports competitions in British Columbia
Bengești-Ciocadia is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bengești (the commune centre), Bălcești, Bircii and Ciocadia.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Beer in Norway has a long history, stretching back more than a millennium. Until some 200 years ago, most farms where it was possible to grow grain south of the Arctic Circle, brewed their own beer. From the early 20th century brewing was industrialized and home brewing was restricted. Significant consolidation in the brewing sector reduced the number of major breweries to just a handful. With the exception of the farmhouse ales, most beer styles brewed in Norway trace their ancestry to central Europe.
Market
The Norwegian beer market is dominated by two large brewers: The major Carlsberg-Ringnes based in Oslo and Copenhagen, Denmark, and the smaller Hansa Borg Bryggerier, based in Bergen and Sarpsborg. Each produce beer branded in a variety of traditional Norwegian beer brands, as well as foreign brands bottled on licence. This system is a result of the large-scale consolidation of Norwegian breweries that has taken place over the last 50 years.
Brewing has a long history in Norway, harking back to the pre-Christian era, when beer was a central element in all religious and social gatherings of any importance. The farmers brewed from their own grain, and most larger farms had a separate building used for drying both grain and malts. Home brewing in Norway is common, and divided in two separate traditions. On the one hand the, mostly city-based, modern home brewing of styles familiar from the rest of the world. On the other, in remote rural regions, farmhouse brewers brewing the same styles their parents and grand-parents brewed. These are styles that don't exist elsewhere.
As with most countries in Europe and America, the most popular style of beer in Norway is pilsner-style pale lager. According to the Norwegian brewers' association, most beer brewed in Norway is pale lager. Until recently, this was the only style of beer to be had, except at Christmas time, when Christmas beers become available. These are dark malt beers traditionally brewed for the holiday season. Today, the craft beer market has continued to develop in Norway offering a number of different styles; including the popularization of kveik yeast for both traditional and modern beers.
Due to government restrictions, beers above 4.75% ABV are only available from licensed premises or from the state-run Vinmonopolet ("wine monopoly") liquor stores. This has resulted in some foreign breweries lowering the alcohol percentages in their beer in order to make them legal for supermarket retail.
Norway has a "pay to play" market meaning the breweries must pay to get their beers on tap in most pubs, restaurants and nightclubs. The brewery must provide the bar with all the systems required for pulling beer, including tanks, taps, and glasses. In place of the tap selection, bars often carry a number of bottled beers. However, these usually carry a much higher price tag. The only exception is when the bar themselves own their own draft system and equipment. This has created a slow growth of small local breweries and limited the consumers options to which beers they can access at their local bars and restaurants.
Styles
Styles of beer that are typical of Norwegian commercial brewing are:
Pilsner - the pale lager style which originated in the Czech city of Plzeň. This is the dominant beer type with almost 92% of the market share. The weaker (below 4.75% abv.) types are the most common, but most breweries also brew stronger varieties (similar to the Bavarian Spezial beer style) for sale through the Vinmonopol.
Bayer - a dark lager with roots in Bavaria (Bayern). The Norwegian version is often slightly sweeter than German dark lagers. Once rivaling pilsner in popularity, its market share has dropped from 20% in 1950 to 0.2% in 2004. It was the most popular industrial-brewed beer before the Second World War, but it lost its popularity due to the German occupation.
Juleøl - a dark, malted beer exclusively available at Christmas time. Traditionally this was a strong ale which was brewed at home. In modern times each brewery produces their own variety of Christmas beer, mostly a lager. Most breweries brew both weaker varieties (for sale in supermarkets) and more traditional, stronger varieties.
Bokkøl - a strong, dark style of lager, typically 6-7% ABV, with a sweet, complex flavor. It originates from Germany, where it is known as Bock bier.
In addition, Norway has a strong tradition of farmhouse brewing, which has given rise to several styles, known under the common name of "maltøl" (and more recently sometimes "gårdsøl"). Only a few commercial examples of these exist.
Heimabrygg - From the Hardanger, Voss, Sogn region. Usually dark and very strong (8-12%), mostly brewed from barley malts, with juniper and often kveik yeast. The wort is boiled, often for several hours.
Kornøl - From the Nordfjord and Sunnmøre regions. Usually pale, hazy, and 6-8%. Mostly brewed from barley malts, with juniper and kveik yeast. Traditionally the wort was not boiled, but more in recent decades some brewers have begun boiling.
Stjørdalsøl - From the Stjørdal region. Usually deep dark red and slightly hazy. Brewed from home-made heavily alder smoked barley malts. Usually fermented with bread yeast. Traditionally it was brewed with both hops and juniper, but the use of both, particularly juniper, has declined over the last few decades.
Legislation
In Norway, beer is classified into four categories by ABV (alcohol by volume), labeled from A to D. The class both determine the tax level, age restrictions, where, and when it can be sold.
Class A beer has an ABV of less than 0.7%, and is for all intents and purposes alcohol-free beer. It is not taxed more than general foodstuffs, and can be sold anywhere, any time, and be bought by anyone.
Class B beer has an ABV between 0.7% and 2.75%, and is considered "lettøl" (light beer). It is lightly taxed, and can be sold anywhere, anytime, with an age limit of 18 years.
Class C beer has an ABV between 2.75% and 3.75%. This category is not in common use.
Class D beer has an ABV between 3.75% and 4.75%, and is considered standard strength. Taxation is significant, age limit is 18 years, and sales are subject to local regulation. In most parts of Norway, class D beer can be purchased from common supermarkets, but only before 20:00 on weekdays and 18:00 on Saturdays. In some parts of Norway it can only be purchased through licensed beer stores.
Beer over 4,75% is considered sterkøl (strong beer) and is only sold through the government-controlled liquor store chain Vinmonopolet. It is taxed according to ABV level as with wines and spirits, and carries an 18-year age limit.
Common brands
Ringnes is originally from Oslo, and is brewed by Ringnes Bryggeri in Oslo. It is Norway's most sold beer brand. It is owned by the Danish brewery Carlsberg.
Hansa is originally from Bergen, and is brewed by Hansa Brewery in Bergen, owned by Hansa Borg Bryggerier It is Norway's second largest beer brand.
Aass is originally from Drammen, and is brewed by Aass Bryggeri in Drammen.
Arendals is originally from Arendal. It is brewed by Arendals Bryggeri in Arendal.
Borg is originally from Sarpsborg, and is brewed by Borg Bryggerier, that belongs to Hansa-Borg Bryggerier in Sarpsborg.
CB is originally from Kristiansand, and is brewed by Christianssands Bryggeri (CB) in Kristiansand. CB is owned by Hansa-Borg Bryggerier.
E. C. Dahls is originally from Trondheim, and is brewed by Ringnes E. C. Dahls Bryggeri in Trondheim. E. C. Dahls is owned by Ringnes Bryggeri.
Frydenlund is originally from Oslo. It is brewed by Ringnes Bryggeri in Oslo.
Grans are originally from Sandefjord. It is brewed by Grans Bryggeri in Sandefjord.
Lundetangen is originally from Skien. It is brewed by Aass Bryggeri in Drammen.
Mack is originally from Tromsø, and is brewed by Macks Ølbryggeri in Nordkjosbotn. Macks Ølbryggeri was for long the world's northernmost brewery until they moved their production facilities.
Tou was originally from Stavanger. It is brewed by Ringnes Bryggeri in Oslo.
Craft beers:
Nøgne Ø is originally from Grimstad, and is brewed by Nøgne Ø Brewery in Grimstad, and Christianssands Bryggeri in Kristiansand, owned by Hansa Borg Bryggerier.
Austmann is originally from Trondheim, and is brewed by Austmann Bryggeri in Trondheim.
Bygland is originally from Bygland, and is brewed by Bygland Bryggeri in Bygland.
Haandbryggeriet is originally from Drammen, and is brewed by Haandbryggeriet Brewery in Drammen.
Kinn is originally from Florø, and is brewed by Kinn Bryggeri in Florø.
Lervig is originally from Stavanger, and is brewed by Lervig Aktiebryggeri in Stavanger.
MoloBrew is originally from Ålesund, and brewed by MoloBrewAS in Ålesund.
Sagene is originally from Sagene in Oslo, and is brewed by Sagene Bryggeri in Oslo.
Svalbard is the northernmost brewery in the world, originally from Longyearbyen at Svalbard, and is brewed by Svalbard Bryggeri in Longyearbyen.
Ægir is originally from Flåm, and is brewed by Ægir Bryggeri in Flåm.
Oslo Brewing Co. is originally from Oslo, and is brewed by Oslo Brewing Co. in Oslo.
Microbreweries and brew pubs
Norway started late with microbreweries. There are over a hundred microbreweries in Norway, especially in the major cities. Brew pubs sell beers from their own microbreweries.
Craft beer
There are an increasing number of microbreweries producing variations of craft beer. Some craft beers have an alcohol content more than 4.7%, and must be sold in Norway only through Vinmonopolet.
Norwegian craft beers are for the most part based on foreign styles, but in recent years beers based on the local farmhouse brewing tradition have come onto the market. Although the volume of craft beer is significantly lower than beer from the larger other parts of the brewery industry, about 25% of the employees of the Norwegian brewery industry works with craft beer brewing.
An example of the revival of old brewing is that many current Norwegian brewers brew traditional and modern beer types using the Norwegian yeast kveik.
See also
Beer and breweries by region
Literature
Mortensen, Hylje and Johnsen, Vidar: Norsk øl. Tun forlag 2009.
Jørgensen, Gustav: Skummende lidenskap - fem stabeiser og deres øl. Bibere forlag 2013
Almås Kvig, Jørn Idar: Ølboka. Front Forlag 2014
Smith-Gahrsen, Gahr; Hatland, Hugo Ivan and Ekeland, Skjalg: Den norske ølrevolusjonen. Kagge Forlag 2014
Solem, Knut Albert: Norsk øl- og bryggeriguide. Vega Forlag, Oslo, 2016
Almås Kvig, Jørn Idar: Den norske ølboka - en guide til norske øl og bryggerier. Goliat Forlag AS, 2016
Almås Kvig, Jørn Idar: Sommerøl - en guide til sommerens øl. Goliat Forlag AS, 2016
Almås Kvig, Jørn Idar: Den store ølboka - en guide til skandinavisk øl og bryggerier'', Goliat Forlag AS, 2017
References
External links
NORØL (Norske Ølvenners Landsforbund - Federation of Norwegian Beer Consumers) is a consumer organisation which campaigns to support traditional styles such as Bokkøl and Bayerøl.
Norwegian Breweries
Norske bryggerier Bryggeri- og drikkevareforeningen (incl. an updated list of breweries)
Norwegian craft beer visitnorway.com
Norway Breweries ratebeer.com
lervig.no
James J. Kilroy (September 26, 1902 – November 24, 1962) was a worker at the Fore River Shipyard who is believed to have been the origin of the "Kilroy was here" expression.
Biography
The Oxford English Dictionary says simply that Kilroy was "The name of a mythical person". However, a popular theory identifies James J. Kilroy, an American shipyard inspector, as the man behind the signature. The New York Times indicated J.J. Kilroy as the origin in 1946, based on the results of a contest conducted by the American Transit Association to establish the origin of the phenomenon. It noted that Kilroy had marked the ships as they were being built. Thus, the phrase would later be found chalked in places that no graffiti-artist could have reached (e.g. inside sealed hull spaces), which fed the mythical significance of the phrase. After all, if Kilroy could leave their mark there, who knew where else they could go? Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable notes this as a possible origin, but suggests that "the phrase grew by accident."
During World War II, Kilroy worked at the Fore River Shipyard in Quincy, Massachusetts, where they claimed to have used the phrase to mark rivets they had checked. The builders were paid by the number of rivets they put in. A riveter would make a chalk mark at the end of their shift to show where they had stopped and the next riveter had started. Dishonest riveters would erase the previous worker's mark and chalk a new mark farther back on the same seam, giving themselves credit for part of the previous riveter's work. Kilroy stopped this by writing "Kilroy was here" at each chalk mark. Ships were being sent out before they had been painted, and when sealed areas were opened for maintenance, sailors found their unexplained name. Thousands may have seen Kilroy's name on the outgoing ships and their apparent omnipresence created a legend. The phrase began to be regarded as proving that a ship had been checked well, and served as a kind of protective talisman. Later, soldiers began writing the phrase in newly captured areas or landings, and then phrase it on a connotation of U.S. armed forces' protection.
After the war, James Kilroy served as a member of the Boston City Council and the Massachusetts House of Representatives. They died on November 24, 1962 at the age of 60.
See also
1933–1934 Massachusetts legislature
References
1902 births
1962 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Boston City Council members
Fore River Shipyard
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Politicians from Boston
Circothecidae are a family of Cambrian problematica, sometimes attributed to the Hyolitha, though some authors suggest (on the basis of no specified evidence) that they're definitely not.
References
Cambrian molluscs
Prehistoric animal families
Hyolitha
Moshe Levy may refer to:
Moshe Levi (1936–2008), 12th Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces
Moshe Levy (author) (born 1948), author and survivor of the Israeli destroyer Eilat
Moshe Levy (athlete) (born 1952), Paralympic athlete
Moshe Levy (chemist) (born 1927), Israeli professor of chemistry at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel
Moshe Levy (soldier) (born 1946), Israeli half-track commander awarded the Medal of Valor
The 1979 NC State Wolfpack football team represented the North Carolina State Wolfpack during the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team's head coach was Bo Rein. NC State has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) since the league's inception in 1953. The Wolfpack played its home games in 1979 at Carter–Finley Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, which has been NC State football's home stadium since 1966. NC State won the 1979 ACC Championship with a record of 5–1 in conference play. At season's end the Wolfpack did not play in a bowl game, having declined an invitation to play in the Garden State Bowl. As of 2020, the 1979 NC State team is the last bowl-eligible Power Five conference champion to not play in a bowl game.
Rein accepted the head coaching position at LSU on November 30, 1979. They never coached a game in Baton Rouge, perishing January 10, 1980 when the private aircraft they were traveling in flew well off course and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Virginia.
Schedule
Roster
References
NC State
NC State Wolfpack football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
NC State Wolfpack football
Carenum magnificum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1887.
References
magnificum
Beetles described in 1887
BIOBASE is an international bioinformatics company headquartered in Wolfenbüttel, Germany. The company focuses on the generation, maintenance, and licensing of databases in the field of molecular biology, and their related software platforms.
History
The company was founded in 1997 as a spin-off from the German Research Centre for Biotechnology (GBF), Braunschweig, Germany, known today as the Helmholtz Research Centre for Infection Research. *The founders were scientists of the GBF Research Group Bioinformatics, headed at that time by Edgar Wingender. The company is now managed by Michael Tysiak (CEO/CFO) and Frank Schacherer (COO).
The company's original product was the TRANSFAC database, a platform for the description and analysis of gene regulatory events and networks. This was subsequently complemented by a number of smaller databases relevant to aspects of gene regulation, and by an early signaling pathway database (TRANSPATH). TRANSPATH constituted the earliest signaling pathway database, alongside the Cell Signaling Network Database (CSNDB) curated by T. Takai at the National Institute of Health Sciences (NIHS) in Tokyo.
By end of 1999, BIOBASE acquired venture capital from the IMH funds, now managed by Triginta Capital, by the MBG (Hannover; until 2007) and the tbg. In 2002, Intec W&G, Tokyo, Japan, invested in the company and remained a shareholder until 2005.
In early 2005, the company acquired the databases produced by Incyte, Wilmington, Delaware, USA, which were operated at the time by Incyte's subsidiary, Proteome Inc in Beverly, MA. The early flagship of Proteome was the Yeast Proteome Database (YPD), which was complemented by a number of similar databases. Their latest achievement before the acquisition was the Human Proteome Survey Database (HumanPSD).
BIOBASE with all subsidiaries was acquired by QIAGEN GmbH on April 2, 2014.
Subsidiaries
BIOBASE GmbH has three fully owned daughter companies: BIOBASE Corporation in Beverly/Massachusetts, USA (since 2005), BIOBASE Databases India Pvt Ltd. in Bangalore, India (since 2006), and BIOBASE Japan K.K. in Yokohama, Japan (since 2007).
Products and services
The company's databases provide manually curated content, collected and structured from peer-reviewed scientific primary publications.
The BIOBASE Knowledge Library (BKL) is an integrated database comprising the following modules:
TRANSFAC: Eukaryotic transcription factors, their genomic DNA-binding sites and DNA-binding profiles
TRANSCompel: Transcription regulating composite elements
TRANSPro: Promoter sequences from a number of selected eukaryotic species
PathoDB: Pathologically relevant mutations in transcription factors and their binding sites
TRANSPATH: Signal transduction and metabolic pathways in mammalian species
YPD: The complete yeast proteome (protein reports for all known Saccharomyces cerevisiae proteins)
PombePD, MycopathPD: Proteomes of Schizosaccharomyces pombe and of pathological fungi
WormPD: The proteome of Caenorhabditis elegans
HumanPSD: The proteomes of human, mouse and rat [8]
GPCR-PD: G-protein coupled receptor reports
In addition, BIOBASE has developed the ExPlain system for the biological interpretation of gene expression and proteomics data by integrated functional, promoter and pathway analysis.
The "Gene Regulation Portal" offers a number of earlier revisions of company products free of charge to users from non-profit organizations.
A number of third-party products are also distributed by BIOBASE:
S/MARt DB: Scaffold/matrix attached regions (HZI Braunschweig)
BRENDA: The BRaunschweig ENzyme DAtabase (Technical University Braunschweig/enzymeta)
HGMD: The Human Gene Mutation Database (Cardiff University)
CI: Cell Illustrator for pathway simulations (Tokyo University/GNI, Tokyo)
In addition to these products, BIOBASE offers Knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) services. These may comprise the development and population of customized databases with specific contents, or systematic analyses of gene expression data.
Scientific projects/research
BIOBASE is a member of the following publicly funded research consortia, the first two of them being coordinated by BIOBASE (Alexander Kel):
Net2Drug: Integrated Labwork, Bio- and Cheminformatics technology for fighting breast cancer (9 partners; funded under EU6) https://web.archive.org/web/20110111035825/http://www.biobase.de/pages/index.php?id=437
Sysco: Combined experimental, bioinformatics and simulation approaches to analyze intracellular parasitism (8 partners; funded under EU6)
TRANSISTOR: Bioinformatics modeling of plant regulatory circuits (7 partners; Marie-Curie Project funded under EU6)
Valapodyn: Dynamic modeling of data on brain pathologies (7 partners; funded under EU6)
Eurodia: Potential targets for prevention and treatment of dysfunctional insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes (20 partners; funded under EU6)
Gen2Phen: Unified genotype-phenotype database (19 partners; funded under EU7)
LipidomicNet: Identification of targets for and biomarkers of energy overload diseases through lipid protein interactions (21 partners; funded under EU7);
GlobCell: Global scale analysis and prediction of human cellular behaviour in a complex environment (4 partners; funded by Eurotrans-Bio, ETB).
TCellTalk: (3 partners; funded by German Ministry of Research in the Forsys partnering program)
In addition, BIOBASE has entered research partnerships with
University Medicine of Georg August University of Göttingen, Göttingen, Germany (E. Wingender);
University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan (S. Miyano);
Windber Research Institute & Strategic Medicine, Inc, Windber/PA, USA (M. Liebman);
Fraunhofer Institute of Toxicology and Experimental Medicine, Hannover, Germany;
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley/CA, USA (I. Dubchak)
See also
Gene expression
Bioinformatics
Bioinformatics companies
References
External links
Official website
Gene Regulation Portal
Helmholtz Research Centre for Infection Research Official website
Companies based in Lower Saxony
Companies established in 1997
Biotechnology companies of Germany
Database providers
The mount Flat Top is a mountain in administrative region of Estrie, in Quebec, in Canada. It is part of Appalachian Mountains; its altitude is 830 meters.
Geography
The mountain is located in the municipality of Frontenac, in zec Louise-Gosford, east of lac aux Araignées, between Merrill Mountain and Moose Hill. It overlooks the rivière aux Araignées, as well as the lac aux Araignées.
Toponymy
The toponym "Mont Flat Top" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Notes and references
Appalachian summits
Summits of Estrie
Le Granit Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Dobrești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dobrești and Furești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Eden Auerbach Ofrat (born 1979) is an Israeli video-art and video installation artist. In their work, Auerbach Ofrat deals with cultural archetypes, canonical or imaginary symbols, contradictory and complementary existential poles, relying on literary and mythical sources. Them work is done either through playing with given mythological elements and symbols or by creating “private” myths. Eden has won an Sharett scholarship from the America-Israel Foundation and the “Young Artist Award” by the Israeli Ministry of Culture, Education, and Sports.
Biography
Eden Auerbach Ofrat was born in Jerusalem in 1979, daughter of art historian Gideon Ofrat and photographer Aliza Auerbach. During their childhood years, Eden studied at the Jerusalem Open Experimental School “Hanisuii”. From 1999 to 2000, Eden studied at Tel Aviv University's Department of Film and Television. Between 2000 to 2004, Eden studied in the Art Department at Bezalel School of the arts, Jerusalem, after which, In 2008, they spent one year studying at Goldsmiths College at the University of London. From 2010 to 2012, Eden studied in the master's program at Bezalel. Since their undergraduate studies, Eden has exhibited their work in many museum exhibitions (The Israel Museum, The Museum on the Seam, The Tel Aviv Museum, The Petah Tikvah Museum of Art, etc.) and group exhibitions in many galleries and festivals in Israel and abroad. From 2005 to 2009, Eden was one associated with Noga Gallery in Tel - Aviv. Eden's video and installation works are in the collection of the Israel Museum and private collections in Israel and abroad.
Awards
2004 – America-Israel Foundation scholarship
2014 – Ministry of Culture, Education and Sports Young Artist Award
Works
References
Israeli video artists
Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design alumni
1979 births
Living people
Nguyễn Văn Trỗi (1 February 1940 – 15 October 1964) was a Vietnamese liberationist who worked for the Việt Cộng (National Liberation Front). They gained notoriety after being captured by South Vietnamese forces while trying to assassinate United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara and Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge Jr. who were visiting South Vietnam in May 1964.
Sentence and execution
In May 1964 Viet Cong forces planned to assassinate McNamara and Lodge by blowing up the Cong Ly Bridge () as their motorcade passed over the bridge. Trỗi was captured by South Vietnamese forces.
Sentenced to death, Trỗi got a brief reprieve after the FALN, a Venezuelan communist guerrilla group, kidnapped United States Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Michael Smolen in revenge for Trỗi's sentence. The group threatened to kill Smolen if Trỗi was executed. Smolen was eventually released unharmed, and Trỗi was shot by firing squad shortly thereafter in Chí Hòa Prison.
Trỗi became the first publicly executed member of the Viet Cong. Their execution was filmed, and they remained defiant to the end. Their last words before their execution in Saigon to correspondents were You are journalists and so you must be well informed about what is happening. It is the Americans who have committed aggression on our country, it is they who have been killing our people with planes and bombs ... I have never acted against the will of my people. It is against the Americans that I have taken action.When a priest offered them absolution, they refused, saying: "I have committed no sin. It is the Americans who have sinned." As the first shots were fired, they called out, "Long live Vietnam!"
Legacy
In the West, Trỗi's arrest went largely unreported in the mainstream; indeed, major news media did not report on Trỗi at all until the FALN kidnapping episode. Their anonymity persisted after their execution, despite the honors heaped upon them in Communist countries. Apart from advocacy by revolutionaries like the Weather Underground, and a brief mention in Abbie Hoffman's Steal This Book (1971) as a "Vietnamese hero", Trỗi is still rarely acknowledged in Western accounts of the Vietnam War.
Trỗi was glorified by the Việt Cộng and North Vietnam as a martyr. The first notable act of recognition was in 1965 when the DRVN issued a postage stamp, illustrated on the right, bearing a portrait of him. Considered an exemplar, Trỗi has their name bestowed upon a large school, the Lycée Nguyễn Văn Trỗi in Nha Trang, and a national academic award, The Nguyễn Văn Trỗi Prize.
Many cities in Vietnam have named major streets after him. In Hồ Chí Minh City, the major road upon which McNamara traveled—and where Trỗi planned to assassinate him—is named Nguyen Van Troi Boulevard and a memorial park, the Bia tưởng niệm Anh Hung Liet Si Nguyễn Văn Trỗi is located near the former Cong Ly Bridge. In Đà Nẵng, the Nguyễn Văn Trỗi Bridge spans the Hàn River. Other countries have commemorated Trỗi, particularly Cuba. where a 14,000-seat public stadium in Guantánamo is named Nguyen Van Troi Stadium, and their statue overlooks Nguyen Van Troi Park in Havana; the city also has a school and a hospital named for him.
Anti-war activists Jane Fonda and Tom Hayden named their son, an actor now known as Troy Garity, in honor of Trỗi.
The 1975 film Chronicle of a Latin American subversive (Spanish: Crónica de un subversivo latinoamericano) by director Mauricio Walerstein, narrates the kidnapping episode of Colonel Smolen (portrayed as Colonel Robert Whitney by actor Claudio Brook) by FALN guerrillas in response to Trỗi's death sentence.
Biography
Trỗi's widow, Phan Thi Quyen, authored the 1965 book Nguyễn Văn Trỗi As They Are.
References
1940 births
1964 deaths
Failed assassins
Vietnamese people of the Vietnam War
Executed Vietnamese people
People executed by South Vietnam
People executed by Vietnam by firing squad
1964 in Vietnam
People executed for attempted murder
Filmed executions
Vietnamese communists
Place of birth missing
Year of birth uncertain
Kenneth Lee Williams (September 4, 1934 – November 1, 2017) was an American herpetologist and author of books on the subject of snake biology and classification. Williams retired from teaching in Northwestern State University's biology department and received emeritus status in 2001. Williams is considered an authority on the milk snake and the herpetology of the Honduran Cloud Forest.
Williams was born in Saybrook, Illinois, and served one tour of duty with the U.S. Army after high school. They earned their bachelor's degree and Masters from the University of Illinois, and their doctorate from Louisiana State University in 1970. After teaching at Tulane University in New Orleans and Millikin University in Decatur, Illinois, Williams came to Northwestern State University in 1966 as an assistant professor. They became a full professor there in 1976.
Work
Over their 35 years at Northwestern State University Williams authored or co-authored 147 professional publications and received both NSU's Distinguished Faculty Award and their Alumni Association's Excellence in Teaching Award.
During their career, they specialized in studying the milk snake, Lampropeltis triangulum.
In 1988, they published a book identifying 25 subspecies of milk snakes which is considered seminal and cited by most papers on milk snakes.
Together with Hobart Muir Smith, they discovered in Mexico a new snake species in the genus Geophis. They also identified the southeastern canyon lizard subspecies of the canyon lizard in 1960. In 1966 they co-discovered the Texas scarlet snake. In 1968 they identified Aspidoscelis inornatus paululus, a subspecies of the little striped whiptail.  They are also credited with the identification of the following milk snake subspecies in 1978: Andean Milksnake, Conant's milk snake, Honduran milk snake, Sinaloan milk snake, Smith's milk snake, and Stuart's milk snake.
Williams concluded from their research that Lampropeltis triangulum temporalis is intermediate between the scarlet kingsnake and the eastern milk snake, and therefore that these so-called Coastal Plains phase milk snakes are intergrades and thus not a proper scientific designation.
In 2000, the subspecies Sceloporus merriami williamsi, a taxonomic patronym, was named to honor Kenneth L. Williams for being a specialist in snake classification and the herpetology of Honduras and Mexico.
References
Selected bibliography
21st-century American zoologists
American herpetologists
American nature writers
American male non-fiction writers
Science teachers
Louisiana State University alumni
1934 births
2017 deaths
A Pert Cyclic Omen is the debut album of Electric Company, released on August 8, 1995, on Onion/American Recordings.
Track listing
Personnel
Brad Laner – instruments, production
References
1995 debut albums
American Recordings (record label) albums
Electric Company (band) albums
Shad Canada (formerly known as Shad Valley) is an annual Canadian summer enrichment program for high-achieving high school students in July. The program is open to both Canadian and international students. The program is offered at 19 participating universities across Canada.
Shad focuses on both academic learning through lectures, workshops, labs and group projects as-well as the development of an individual and community. These experiences are usually focused on the areas of science, technology, engineering, arts, and/or mathematics (STEAM).
There is a rigorous application process, which goes in-depth into both the students' academics and extra-curriculars. In 2020, over 2,400 students applied. Shad normally runs for four weeks in July. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, SHAD has been hosted online during the summer of 2020 and the summer of 2021.
History
The Shad program was founded by Dr. Derek Lane-Smith, a teacher, physicist, and entrepreneur. The first summer program ran at St. Andrew's College in Aurora, Ontario in July, 1981, and has since expanded to 19 university campuses across Canada. The program is named after the shad, a kind of fish found in Shad Creek, near Aurora.
Shad Canada is a non-profit organization based in Waterloo, Ontario. Tim Jackson is the current President and CEO of Shad Canada.
Shad Program
During the month, Shads participate in various activities including lectures, workshops, labs, group projects, recreational activities and more. Shads also participate in a Real-World Design Project. In the project, Shads are presented with the current years theme and propose a solution. A ‘Shad' is the recognition of the ambition, drive collaboration inherent in a Shad program graduate. This special recognition opens the door into the alumni network of 19,000+ Shads. The Shad Network is as diverse as its program and includes founders and CEOs, international academics, social entrepreneurs, healthcare professionals, best-selling authors, and AI innovators. The network has a range of participants at various stages of career and business success—from start-up to million-dollar organizations, Rhodes Scholars and university, and philanthropists and social entrepreneurs.
At the end of the program, each Shad campus hosts an event known as "Open Day", attended by parents and friends of the Shads at the campus.
Real-World Design Project
Each year, Shad presents a "Real-World Design Project" to its participants. The project's "theme", usually an important issue that has both economic and societal implications and differs each year, is revealed to all of the Shad participants in the first week of the program. The project is to be completed in teams before the program's end. Each group must plan and design a product or service that addresses the issue at hand, create a working prototype and business plan, and pitch their product in a process intended to simulate an entrepreneurial experience.
The theme for 2022 was "Promoting wellness". The theme for 2020 was "How might we leverage space as a creative research platform to advance humankind?".
The theme for 2019 was "How might we help Canadians impactfully reduce waste?"
The 2018 theme was "Helping Canadian communities become more resilient against natural disaster," and was revealed via a video message from NASA and Canadian astronaut Andrew J. Feustel.
Previous themes have included: "Disaster & Emergency Preparedness" (2004), "Health & Wellness" (2005), "The Great Canadian Energy Challenge" (2006), "Zero Waste Technology" (2007), "Design with Conscience" (2008), "Nature and Natural Fibres" (2009), "Designing for Canada's Aging Population" (2010), "Improving the Quality of Life for a Canadian Child with a Disability" (2011), and "Preventing/Reducing Obesity in North American Youth" (2012), "How might we improve food security for Canadians?" (2016), "Meaningfully reducing Canada's energy footprint" (2017), "Helping Canadian communities become more resilient against natural disaster" (2018), "How might we help Canadians impactfully reduce waste?" (2019), "How might we leverage space as a creative research platform to advance humankind?" (2020), "How might we help Canadians treat our fresh water with more respect?" (2021).
Host universities
Current
There are currently 19 Shad campuses:
Athabasca University in Athabasca, Alberta (hosting a virtual Shad program) (since 2023)
Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario (since 1989)
Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia (since 2001)
Lakehead University in Thunder Bay, Ontario (since 1999)
Laurentian University in Sudbury (since 2020)
Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador (since 2003)
McGill University in Montreal, Quebec (since 2018)
McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario (since 1998)
Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick (since 2018)
Ontario Tech University in Oshawa, Ontario (since 2022)
Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario (2004-2019, since 2004)
Toronto Metropolitan University in Toronto, Ontario (since 2017)
University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia (since 1986)
University of Calgary in Calgary, Alberta (1984-2008, since 2013)
University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Manitoba (1986–1995, since 2022)
University of New Brunswick in Fredericton, New Brunswick (since 1985)
University of Prince Edward Island in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island (since 2018)
University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan (2013-2019, since 2013)
University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario (since 1983)
University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario (since 2016)
Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo (since 2020)
York University in Toronto (since 2019)
Former
Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia (1988–2000)
Bark Lake/Trent University in South Algonquin, Ontario (1997)
Queen's University International Study Centre in Herstmonceux, East Sussex, United Kingdom (2001–02)
St. Andrew's College in Aurora, Ontario (1981–82)
Trent University in Peterborough, Ontario (2005–08)
Université de Sherbrooke in Sherbrooke, Quebec (1988–2000)
University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, Scotland (2000)
Université Laval in Quebec City, Quebec (2006-2015)
Shad Alumni
Shad has more than 19,000 Shad alumni in 36 countries, 32 of whom are Rhodes Scholars. Among SHAD alumni, there are also Loran Scholars and Schulich Leaders. Additionally, several Canadian post-secondary schools offer scholarships for Shad alumni.
Notable SHAD Fellows include:
Michele Romanow, Shad 2003, the youngest member of CBC's Dragons' Den, Co-founder of Buytopia.ca, 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada
Ted Livingston (Kik), Shad 2004, Founder of Kik Interactive, parent company of the mobile app Kik Messenger
Darlene Lim, Shad 1989, top research scientists currently involved in scientific exploration and Mars discovery, working closely with NASA
Neil Pasricha, Shad 1998, their "The Book of Awesome" series and "The Happiness Equation" have landed them on New York Times Best Sellers and #1 International Best Sellers lists.
Parker Mitchell, Shad 1993, Co-founder and former CEO of Engineers Without Borders. They also co-founded Significance Labs, a charity that connects the tech world with low-income America.
References
External links
SHAD Website
Educational organizations based in Ontario
Summer camps in Canada
Youth organizations based in Canada
Canadian educational programs
Eshqabad (, also Romanized as ‘Eshqābād and ‘Āsheqābād) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 199, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Halil İbrahim Dervişoğlu (born 8 December 1999) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Burnley, on loan from club Brentford.
Dervişoğlu began their career in their native Netherlands with Sparta Rotterdam and transferred to Brentford in 2020. Born in the Netherlands, they represent Turkey at international level.
Club career
Sparta Rotterdam
Dervişoğlu joined the Sparta Rotterdam academy at the age of 10 and broke into the club's reserve team early in the 2017–18 Tweede Divisie season. 21 goals in 26 appearances saw them sign a contract extension in May 2018 and they made their maiden first team appearances during the club's unsuccessful Eredivisie relegation playoff campaign. Dervişoğlu was a regular in the first team squad during the 2018–19 Eerste Divisie season and they helped the club to promotion back to the Eredivisie through the end-of-season playoffs.
In August 2019, Dervişoğlu signed a pre-contract to depart Het Kasteel on 1 January 2020. They made 19 appearances and scored five goals during the first half of the 2019–20 season and departed the club having made 58 appearances and scored 16 goals while a member of the first team squad.
Brentford
On 9 August 2019, Dervişoğlu signed a pre-contract to join English Championship club Brentford on 1 January 2020, for a reported €3 million fee. They signed a -year contract and was unveiled as a Brentford player on 3 January 2020. Down the pecking order for the attacking positions, Dervişoğlu made 7 appearances during the remainder of the 2019–20 season, which ended with defeat in the 2020 Championship play-off Final.
After making just one EFL Cup substitute appearance during the first month of the 2020–21 season and well behind Marcus Forss and new signing Ivan Toney in the centre forward pecking order, Dervişoğlu joined Eredivisie club FC Twente on loan until the end of the 2020–21 season. After making 10 appearances without scoring, their loan was recalled on the first day of the mid-season transfer window. Dervişoğlu scored their first goal for the club on their first appearance back, with the opener in a 2–1 FA Cup third round win over Middlesbrough on 9 January 2021. It proved to be their only appearance before they departed to join Turkish Süper Lig club Galatasaray on loan two weeks later. After a slow start to their Galatasaray spell due to testing positive for COVID-19, Dervişoğlu broke from their substitute role into the starting lineup late in the season, scoring three goals in the final four matches, though the club ultimately missed out on the Süper Lig title by one goal. They finished their spell with 12 appearances and three goals and in their absence, Brentford won promotion to the Premier League after victory in the 2021 Championship play-off Final.
Despite being named in each of head coach Thomas Frank's first four matchday squads of the 2021–22 season, Dervişoğlu made just one appearance, with a start in a 3–1 EFL Cup second round win over Forest Green Rovers. On 1 September 2021, for reasons of it being a "logical progression" for Dervişoğlu "to continue to play and develop", they rejoined Galatasaray on loan until the end of the 2021–22 season. They made 33 appearances and scored five goals during a mid-table season.
Dervişoğlu made just one seven-minute substitute cameo during the opening month of the 2022–23 Premier League season and well down the attacking pecking order, they joined Championship club Burnley on a season-long loan on the final day of the summer transfer window.
International career
Of Turkish descent, Dervişoğlu was eligible to represent the Netherlands or Turkey at international level. Capped by Turkey at U19 and U21 level, Dervişoğlu was named in Turkey's Euro 2020 squad and made their senior international debut in a pre-tournament friendly versus Azerbaijan on 27 May 2021. They started the match and scored the opening goal in the 2–1 victory. Dervişoğlu made two substitute appearances at Euro 2020, prior to Turkey's group stage exit.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Turkey's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Dervişoğlu goal.
Honours
Sparta Rotterdam
Eerste Divisie promotion playoffs: 2019
References
External links
Halil Dervişoğlu at brentfordfc.com
Halil Dervişoğlu at burnleyfootballclub.com
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Rotterdam
Citizens of Turkey through descent
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Dutch footballers
Dutch people of Turkish descent
Association football forwards
Sparta Rotterdam players
Brentford F.C. players
Tweede Divisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
English Football League players
Turkish expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Turkish expatriate sportspeople in England
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
FC Twente players
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
Süper Lig players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Premier League players
Burnley F.C. players
Fallon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,049. Its county seat is Baker. The county was created in 1913 from a portion of Custer County. It is named for Benjamin O'Fallon, a nephew of Captain William Clark and an Indian agent for the upper Missouri region from 1823 to 1827.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Wibaux County - north
Prairie County - northwest
Custer County - west
Carter County - south
Harding County, South Dakota - southeast
Bowman County, North Dakota - east
Slope County, North Dakota - east
Golden Valley County, North Dakota - northeast
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 2,837 people, 1,140 households, and 803 families living in the county. The population density was 2 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,410 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.59% White, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.11% from other races, and 0.46% from two or more races. 0.39% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 39.4% were of German, 16.9% Norwegian, 10.0% Irish and 8.2% English ancestry. 97.2% spoke English and 1.7% German as their first language.
There were 1,140 households, out of which 32.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.50% were married couples living together, 6.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.50% were non-families. 26.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.96.
The county population contained 25.50% under the age of 18, 6.20% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 24.80% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 102.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,944, and the median income for a family was $38,636. Males had a median income of $27,045 versus $18,077 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,014. About 9.50% of families and 12.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.50% of those under age 18 and 6.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 2,890 people, 1,233 households, and 810 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,470 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.4% white, 0.6% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.1% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 53.0% were German, 24.8% were Irish, 12.1% were Norwegian, 10.6% were English, 5.3% were Scotch-Irish, and 0.4% were American.
Of the 1,233 households, 28.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were married couples living together, 5.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.3% were non-families, and 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 42.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $52,529 and the median income for a family was $64,500. Males had a median income of $41,570 versus $30,000 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,819. About 5.7% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.3% of those under age 18 and 3.4% of those age 65 or over.
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 12
Montana Highway 7
Airport
The Baker Municipal Airport is southeast of Baker.
Communities
Cities
Baker (county seat)
Towns
Plevna
Unincorporated communities
Cabin Creek
Ollie
Webster
Westmore
Willard
See also
List of lakes in Fallon County, Montana
List of mountains in Fallon County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fallon County, Montana
References
External links
Fallon County, Montana
1913 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1913
State Route 619 (SR 619) is an east–west state highway in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of State Route 619 is at an interchange with the Interstate 76/U.S. Route 224 freeway in Barberton. Its eastern terminus is at State Route 183 in Lexington Township, just north of Alliance.
Route description
State Route 619 travels through Summit and Stark Counties. There are no stretches of the route that are incorporated within the National Highway System.
History
First designated in 1937, SR 619 has generally followed the Barberton-to-Alliance alignment that it maintains today since its inception. With the exception of some minor re-alignments in Barberton, the highway has not seen any other significant changes since making its first appearance.
Major intersections
References
619
Transportation in Summit County, Ohio
Transportation in Stark County, Ohio
Carlos Jose Lugo is a baseball analyst in the Dominican Republic. Carlos Jose has more than 17 years of broadcasting experience in radio, television and print media.  They are a field reporter for ESPN Deportes' telecasts of the Dominican Baseball League. Lugo launched their broadcasting career in 1987 as an MLB analyst on Radio Dial in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic.  They are a familiar voice on radio, known for their work as a sports commentator and MLB analyst for FM-103, Radio Continental and Radio Clarin, and Rumba FM (98.5).
Broadcast
On the Dominican baseball market, Carlos Jose started their TV career as a baseball analyst for the Estrellas Orientales telecast and has been doing the same duties for Tigres del Licey since 2006.
For the international markets, Carlos has been an analyst on Fox Sports En Espanol in the late 1990s and has been the field reporter for ESPN Deportes telecast since 2005. Their professionalism and impartial analysis has made them a fan favorite.
Printed media and internet
Carlos Jose's writings have been seen in Los Ultimos Innings, a baseball blog with in depth analysis of MLB and Dominican Winter League Baseball.  They are also a contributor for the sports pages of Listin Diario.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Dominican Republic sportscasters
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Ferdinand Collmann (born October 1762 in Berlin; died 28 August 1837) was a German painter and professor, and between 1821 and 1837 they were a member of the Preußische Akademie der Künste.
Among their works were portraits of Christoph Friedrich Nicolai, Johann Jakob Engel (1789), Ewald Friedrich von Hertzberg (1789), Daniel Nikolaus Chodowiecki (1790), Johann Erich Biester (1795) and Johann Georg Krünitz (1795).
See also
List of German painters
References
External links
18th-century German painters
German male painters
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
1762 births
1837 deaths
The Japanese yen is the unit of currency in Japan.
Yen or YEN may also refer to:
Currency
Japanese military yen, scrip issued to Japanese soldiers overseas
Korean yen, the currency of Korea from 1910–1945
Taiwanese yen, the currency of Taiwan from 1895–1946
Other uses
Yan (surname) or Yen
Yen (band), a German rock band
"Yen", a song by Slipknot from the 2022 album The End, So Far
YEN, the IATA code of Estevan Regional Aerodrome
C. K. Yen (1905–1993), former President of the Republic of China
Youth Employment Network, a joint UN-ILO-World Bank jobs program
See also
¥, the Latinized symbol of the yen
Yuan (disambiguation)
Rubroboletus dupainii, commonly known as Dupain's bolete, is a bolete fungus of the genus Rubroboletus. It is native to Europe, where it is threatened, and red listed in six countries. It also occurs in North America, although it is rare there. It was first recorded from North Carolina, and then from Iowa in 2009. It was reported from Belize in 2007, growing under Quercus peduncularis and other oaks.
The bolete was first described scientifically by French mycologist Jean Louis Émile Boudier in 1902. It was transferred to the new genus Rubroboletus in 2014 along with several others allied reddish colored, blue-staining bolete species. Phylogenetically, R. dupainii is the sister species of Rubroboletus lupinus.
See also
List of North American boletes
References
External links
dupainii
Fungi described in 1902
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Dastjerd-e Aqa Bozorg (, also Romanized as Dastjerd-e Āqā Bozorg and Dastjerd-e Aqā Bozorg; also known as Dashtjerd-e Āqā Bozorg and Dastgerd) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,061, in 266 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Akkada Ammayi Ikkada Abbayi () is a 1996 Indian Telugu-language film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana. Produced by Allu Aravind under Geeta Arts Banner, the film stars Pawan Kalyan and Supriya in their debuts. The music of the film was by Koti.
The film was the official remake of the 1988 Hindi film Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak. The film marks the debut of Pawan Kalyan, the younger brother of Chiranjeevi, in the Telugu film industry. It is also the debut film appearance of Supriya, the granddaughter of Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
Plot
Harichandra Prasad and Vishnu Murthy are two rich and powerful rivals in a village. Harichandra Prasad's daughter Supriya and Vishnu Murthy's son Kalyan study in the same college, where they both engage in few fights and bets. Kalyan and their gang attempt to enter a girls hostel and succeeds at last, and they win a bet with Supriya. Slowly their love blossoms under these petty things and they reach their village, where they are separated at the railway station by their parents. The vacation ends and Kalyan reaches the station to get back to their college, but Supriya does not turn up. Kalyan learns that their marriage is fixed, and gets off the train to reach Supriya's house. But they are thrashed by Harichandra Prasad and their men. Meanwhile, their marriage is postponed due to their grandmother's death. Using this to their advantage, Kalyan and Supriya elope. Them brother and their men become involved in a fight with Kalyan. In the end, Vishnu Murthy saves Harichandra Prasad from being drowned in an abyss, and suddenly everyone realises their mistake and reunite the lovers and get them married.
Cast
Pawan Kalyan as Mullapudi Kalyan (credited as Kalyan Babu)
supriya yarlagadda as Supriya
Nassar as Harichandra Prasad
Chandra Mohan as Chandra Shekhar
Sarath Babu as Vishnu Murthy
Ahuti Prasad as Srihari Rao
Allu Ramalingaiyah as Principal
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Suleman
Brahmanandam as Pilaka Govinda Sastry
Babu Mohan as Peter
Mallikarjuna Rao as Esupadam
AVS as S.I.
Gokina Rama Rao
Raja Ravindra as Raja
Garimalla Visweswara Rao
Tirupathi Prakash
Ironleg Sastri as Pilaka Gajapada Sastry
Ashok Kumar
Kavitha as Rajeswari
Sudha as Lakshmi
Attili Lakshmi
Kovai Sarala as Julie
Kalpana Rai as Nookalamma
Madhu as rowdy
Ooha as Shanti (Cameo appearance)
Rambha as item number "Chaligali Jummandi"
Sunil (Uncredited Cameo)
Soundtrack
The music is composed by Koti. Lyrics are written by Veturi. The music was released on Lahari Music.
References
External links
1990s Telugu-language films
1996 films
Films based on Romeo and Juliet
Films directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Films scored by Koti
Geetha Arts films
Telugu remakes of Hindi films
Jeffrey Bruce "Jeff" Kinney (born November 1, 1949) is a former American football player. They played professional as a running back for the Kansas City Chiefs and Buffalo Bills for five seasons in the National Football League (NFL). At 6'2" and 215 lb., Kinney was selected by the Chiefs in the first round of the 1972 NFL Draft with the 23rd overall pick.  They are an alumnus of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
Early years
Born in Oxford, Nebraska, and raised in McCook, Kinney graduated from McCook High School in 1968 and played quarterback.
Nebraska Cornhuskers
They played college football at Nebraska under head coach Bob Devaney, with future head coach Tom Osborne as offensive coordinator. A three-year starter (1969–71), Kinney was the tailback (I-back) on the national championship teams of 1970 and 1971, and the Huskers' leading rusher in 1969 and 1971. They wore #35, often in a tatter, as tear-away jerseys were common for collegiate offensive backs in the early 1970s.
In the "Game of the Century" against the unbeaten Oklahoma Sooners in Norman on Thanksgiving Day 1971, Kinney rushed for 171 yards, 151 in the second half, on 31 carries (5.5 avg.) and scored four touchdowns, the final one with less than two minutes remaining to put Nebraska ahead 35–31, the final score.
The Huskers went 13–0 in 1971 and were consensus national champions; they defeated the next three teams in the final AP poll: Oklahoma, Colorado (31–7 in Lincoln), and Alabama (38–6 in the Orange Bowl). The 1971 Nebraska Cornhuskers are considered among the most dominant teams in college football history. Kinney finished the 1971 season with 1155 yards rushing on 242 carries (4.8 avg.) and 17 touchdowns.
NFL
Kinney was the second of three Nebraska Cornhuskers selected in the first round of the 1972 NFL draft; QB Jerry Tagge was taken 11th by their hometown team, the Green Bay Packers, and DT Larry Jacobson was selected by the New York Giants with the 24th overall pick, immediately after.
At the start of their fifth season in the NFL in 1976, they were released by the Chiefs after the first game and picked up by the Buffalo Bills in mid-September. Kinney was picked up to replace the injured Jim Braxton as the blocking back for O. J. Simpson. A few weeks after being waived, Kinney gained 114 yards against the Chiefs.
Kinney was waived by the Bills in August 1977, and retired. After football, they worked in financial services.
References
External links
University of Nebraska Athletics – Jeff Kinney
1949 births
Living people
American football running backs
Buffalo Bills players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
People from McCook, Nebraska
People from Oxford, Nebraska
Players of American football from Nebraska
Gerald Taiaiake Alfred is an author, educator and activist, born in Montreal, Quebec, in 1964 and raised in the community of Kahnawake. Alfred is an internationally recognized Kanien'kehá:ka professor.
Early life and education
Alfred grew up in Kahnawake and graduated from Loyola High School in Montreal. After high school, they served in the Marine Corps for three years until 1984. They then received a Bachelor of Arts in History from Concordia University, an Master of Arts and Ph.D. from Cornell University.
Career
Alfred was the founding director of the Indigenous Governance Program (serving from 1999 until 2015) and was awarded a Canada Research Chair 2003–2007, in addition to a National Aboriginal Achievement Award in education. In 2019 they resigned from the University of Victoria in the wake of an investigation of an allegedly toxic learning environment.
Bibliography
Heeding the Voices of our Ancestors : Kahnawake Mohawk Politics and the Rise of Native Nationalism, Oxford University Press (Canada), 1995.
Peace, Power, Righteousness : an Indigenous manifesto, Oxford University Press (Canada), 1999.
Wasáse: Indigenous Pathways of Action and Freedom, Peterborough: Broadview Press, 2005.
Peace, Power, Righteousness : an Indigenous manifesto, 2nd Ed., Oxford University Press (Canada), 2009.
References
External links
Personal web site of Taiaiake Alfred
1964 births
Living people
Activists from Montreal
Canadian Mohawk people
Concordia University alumni
Cornell University alumni
First Nations activists
Writers from Montreal
University of Victoria faculty
Canada Research Chairs
Indspire Awards
First Nations academics
Indigenous studies in Canada
20th-century First Nations writers
21st-century First Nations writers
Mohawks of Kahnawá:ke
United States Marines
The Osa Peninsula () is a peninsula located in southwestern Costa Rica, in the Puntarenas Province, with the Pacific Ocean to the west and the Golfo Dulce to the east. The peninsula was formed geologically by a faulting system that extends north into California.
The peninsula is home to at least half of all species living in Costa Rica. The main town on the peninsula is Puerto Jimenez, which has its own airport and provides access to Corcovado National Park as well as the coastal villages of Cabo Matapalo and Carate.
A large part of the peninsula is a wildlife/forest preserve that is protected: the Osa Conservation Area.
See also
Drake Bay, located on the north side of the peninsula
Golfito
Osa Wildlife Sanctuary
References
External links
Peninsulas of Costa Rica
Geography of Puntarenas Province
The Arabian wheatear (Oenanthe lugentoides) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Oman, Saudi Arabia and Yemen.
References
Arabian wheatear
Birds of the Arabian Peninsula
Arabian wheatear
Arabian wheatear
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Secession was an American expatriate little magazine edited by Gorham Munson, Matthew Josephson, and Kenneth Burke. During its two-year, eight issue runs, Secession managed to further the careers of writers like Waldo Frank, Slater Brown, Robert Coates, E. E. Cummings, Marianne Moore, Wallace Stevens, Hart Crane, and William Carlos Williams, among others. Printed in cities like Vienna, Berlin, Reutte, and Brooklyn, New York, Secession is considered an exile magazine, and has been called the “liveliest” of the little magazines published abroad. In their article “The Interstice between Scylla and Charybdis,” Munson distinguished Secession from little magazines like The Little Review and Broom, and stated that the goal for their magazine is to be “neither a personal nor an anthological magazine, but to be a group organ. [Secession] will make group-exclusions, found itself on a group basis, point itself in a group-direction, and derive its stability and correctiveness from a group.” The pieces published in this magazine certainly demonstrated creative energy, but the strained relationship between Secession's editors also contributed to the magazine's spirited image.
History
In 1922, Munson, who was greatly influenced by Malcolm Cowley's essay “This Youngest Generation,” desired to launch a little magazine. It was around this time that Munson met Matthew Josephson and Malcolm Cowley, and together, they formed Secession, a little magazine that would help the Younger Generation of writers “secede” from the Middle Generation; Munson supplied the funds, Josephson the literary connection, and Cowley the intellectual stimulus. Taking advantage of the favorable, post- World War I exchange rate between the American dollar and European currency, Munson printed the first issue of Secession (Spring 1922) in Vienna for under $20. In this issue, Munson stated that “beyond a two-year span, observation shows, the vitality of most reviews is lowered and their contribution, accomplished, becomes repetitious and unnecessary. Secession will take care to avoid morbidity.”
After the magazine's second issue, Munson decided to return to America, and selected Josephson to handle Secession's European affairs as their official coeditor, and Kenneth Burke joined the team as the magazine's third editor effective its fourth issue “in order that any disagreement might be settled by vote.” The third issue's costs were still low, costing approximately $25 to print. The 32 page Secession, which “never sold over 150 copies (though about 320 were distributed gratis)” managed to “stir up controversy,” and reviews for the magazine appeared in publications like The Dial, The Little Review, The New York Times, and The Criterion.
Editorial feuds
Munson's review was successful thus far, but the contents of the fourth issue, edited by Munson, Josephson, and Burke, would act as the instigator of a well-known literary feud. Josephson, perturbed that Burke and Munson outvoted him, took it upon themselves to condense one of Richard Ashton's greatest poems, which they objected to publishing, from about one hundred lines down to three. This action deeply angered Munson, and their feud caused Josephson to resign from their post and join the Broom camp. After the fallout, Secession was not published again for several months, but in the meantime, Munson and Burke spread stories to their contemporaries that Josephson “was an intellectual fakir."
The magazine's sixth issue also saw editorial squabbling, this time between Munson and John Brooks Wheelwright. Wheelwright oversaw the printing of this issue in Florence, and radically altered Hart Crane's poem “For the Marriage of Faustus and Helen,” which greatly angered Munson. The poem was reprinted in Secession no. 7, which Munson edited himself, as the version originally written by Crane.
The end
Munson edited Secession's last two issues himself, and in April 1924, the magazine ended in accordance with their prophetic statement in Secession no. 1. Although Secession did not introduce any new writers, it did “reinforce and strengthen the rebel fight against the sentimental genteel tradition."
References
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1922
Magazines disestablished in 1924
Chryso () a small town in Serres regional unit of Central Macedonia, Greece, located 12 km southeast of Serres. Since 2011 it is a municipal unit of the municipality of Emmanouil Pappas and has a population of 1,571 inhabitants. Until 1928 it was named Topoliani (Τοπόλιανη).
History
Antiquity
About 3 km south of Chryso, on a low hill, the traces of a Roman-era rural settlement was found, near where remains of a Roman arched bridge and a paved road section are preserved.
The existence of another agricultural Roman settlement has also been identified on the rocky hill (former village) of "Zeli", situated between Chryso and Agio Pnevma, from where comes a Greek funeral inscription of Roman imperial times (2nd-3rd AD century)
See also
List of settlements in the Serres regional unit
References
Populated places in Serres (regional unit)
Archaeological sites in Macedonia (Greece)
Berești-Bistrița is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Berești-Bistrița, Brad, Climești and Pădureni. It also included Ciumași, Dumbrava, Făgețel and Itești villages until 2005, when they were split off to form Itești Commune.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Mutten (Romansh: Mut) is a former municipality in the Viamala Region in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018 the former municipality of Mutten merged into the municipality of Thusis.
History
Mutten is first mentioned in 1363 as unz uff die Mutten though this identification is debated. In 1549 it was mentioned as Hans ab Mutten.
Geography
Before the merger, Mutten had an area, , of . Of this area, 29.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 60.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (8.8%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Alvaschein sub-district of the Albula district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a three level settlement located to the south of the Schin Gorge (Schinschlucht). It consists of the village of Unter-Mutten (occupied year round and at an elevation of ), the middle village of Stafel () and the upper or Ober-Mutten ().
Demographics
Mutten had a population (as of 2015) of 72. , 2.4% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.8%. Most of the population () speaks German (98.8%), with a small Romansh minority (1.3%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 57.3% male and 42.7% female. The age distribution, , in Mutten is; 9 people or 11.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 5 people or 6.3% are 10 to 14, and 6 people or 7.5% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 2 people or 2.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 7 people or 8.8% are 30 to 39, 13 people or 16.3% are 40 to 49, and 15 people or 18.8% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 6 people or 7.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 11 people or 13.8% are 70 to 79, there are 5 people or 6.3% who are 80 to 89, and there is 1 person or 1.3% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 67.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (15.7%), the CVP (9.3%) and the FDP (7.9%).
In Mutten about 66.7% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Mutten has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 20 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. people are employed in the secondary sector and there are businesses in this sector. 4 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official website
Thusis
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Stygnobia is a genus of leaf beetles found in the Samoan Islands and Fiji. It is a member of the subfamily Eumolpinae.
Species
The genus contains 13 species:
Stygnobia aenescens – Tutuila
Stygnobia albiseta – Central Fiji
Stygnobia cauta – Upolu, Tutuila, Savaiʻi, Manuʻa Islands (Taʻū)
Stygnobia elliptica – Viti Levu
Stygnobia evansi – Viti Levu, Ovalau, Taveuni
Stygnobia leveri – Viti Levu, Ovalau, Vanua Levu, Taveuni
Stygnobia metallica – Ovalau, Viti Levu, Vanua Levu, Taveuni
Stygnobia minuta – Upolu, Tutuila
Stygnobia nandarivatu – Viti Levu
Stygnobia oconnori – Ovalau, Viti Levu, Vanua Levu, Lau
Stygnobia ovalaua – Ovalau, Moala, Viti Levu
Stygnobia variabilis – Upolu, Tutuila, Savaiʻi
Stygnobia vermiculicollis – Upolu
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Oceania
Fauna of Samoa
Invertebrates of American Samoa
Insects of Fiji
Taxa named by Julius Weise
The 1945 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 14th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18. As a result of the Emergency this was the first championship to be staged since 1941.
Roscommon entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the Connacht Championship.
On 23 September 1945, Dublin won the championship following a 4-7 to 0-4 defeat of Leitrim in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in twelve championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Leitrim wins the Connacht title for the first time in their history.
References
1945
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
This is a list of Tulane Green Wave baseball seasons. The Tulane Green Wave baseball team has represented Tulane University since 1893 and competes in the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the American Athletic Conference (The American). They were previously members of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA), Southern Conference (SoCon), Southeastern Conference (SEC), Metro Conference (Metro) and Conference USA (C-USA).
Tulane has appeared in two College World Series.
Season results
Notes
Sources:
References
Tulane
Tulane Green Wave baseball seasons
The Special Committee on Water Power was a special committee of the U.S. House of Representatives during the 65th and 66th Congresses. It was established on January 11, 1918.
Jurisdiction
The special committee was assigned jurisdiction over all bills and resolutions involving development or utilization of water power within the United States
History
For several years, Congress had failed in its attempts to pass legislation authorizing the building of dams on navigable streams. At the time, the Secretaries of War, Interior, and Agriculture all had authority over some aspect of the issue. The three secretaries joined in drafting a water power bill for consideration by Congress. In the House, jurisdiction over the bill was split. The Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce had jurisdiction over bills regarding construction of bridges and dams over navigable waters within the several states, the Committee on Public Lands had jurisdiction over dams on public lands, and the Committee on Agriculture had jurisdiction over those on forest reserves. To prevent the Secretaries' bill from being fragmented among committees, the special committee was created, drawing its members from the three standing committees. The committee was renewed in the 66th Congress (1919–21) and expired in 1921.
References
Water Power
Mount Hagen Urban LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
81. Kagamuga Urban
83. Mt. Hagen Town
References
Local-level governments of Western Highlands Province
Karate is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition. It has been a sport in the program of the Mediterranean Games since its inception in 1993.
Editions
All-time medal table
Updated after the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Best results by event and nation (2009-current)
Best results by event and nation (1993-2005)
References
Mediterranean Games 1993 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 1997 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2001 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2005 Results (PDF file)
Official website of the 2009 Mediterranean Games (archived)
Official website of the 2013 Mediterranean Games (archived)
K
Mediterranean Games
Ryan O'Reilly (born February 7, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre and captain of the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). They have previously played for the Colorado Avalanche and Buffalo Sabres. O'Reilly was drafted 33rd overall in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche, with whom they spent the first six seasons of their NHL career. Nicknamed "the Factor", they are frequently referred to as one of the NHL's best two-way forwards, winning the Frank J. Selke Trophy in 2019.
In 2015, O'Reilly was traded to the Buffalo Sabres, where they would play three seasons until being traded to the Blues in 2018. O'Reilly won the Stanley Cup with the Blues in 2019 over the Boston Bruins and was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player in the 2019 playoffs.  They are currently the youngest player to play without a visor in the NHL.
Playing career
Junior
O'Reilly grew up playing hockey near their hometown of Varna, Ontario, with the Seaforth Stars of the Ontario Minor Hockey Association (OMHA). They then moved up to the AAA level, playing for the Huron-Perth Lakers of the Minor Hockey Alliance starting in Minor Atom in 2000–01. Touted as one of the most talented prospects to come out from the Lakers, O'Reilly then played one year of minor midget hockey with the Toronto Jr. Canadiens in 2006–07 after playing six years of Lakers hockey.
O'Reilly began playing at the major junior level for the Erie Otters of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) after they were the recipient of the Jack Ferguson Award as the first overall selection in the 2007 OHL Draft. In their rookie season in 2007–08, O'Reilly put up a solid 52 points in 61 games and was named the Otters Rookie of the Year and Most Sportsmanlike Player while also earning Erie's nomination for the Bobby Smith Trophy. In the following year, they backed up their rookie year with 50 assists and 66 points in 68 games for the 2008–09 season, and their all-around game was noticed when they were named the Western Conference's best penalty killer.
Professional
Colorado Avalanche (2009–2015)
After the 2008–09 OHL season, O'Reilly was drafted in the second round, 33rd overall, in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche. They became the youngest player in Avalanche history to appear in a regular season game when they surprisingly made the opening night roster for the 2009–10 season. They earned their first NHL point in their Avalanche debut on October 1, 2009, against the San Jose Sharks, becoming the first non-first-round draft pick to immediately make the NHL in their first post-draft year since Patrice Bergeron in 2003–04. O'Reilly later scored their first career NHL goal, a game-winner, on October 15 against Carey Price of the Montreal Canadiens. On October 19, following their strong start to the season, the Avalanche announced that O'Reilly and their fellow 2009 draftee Matt Duchene would spend the entire season with the Avalanche. Initially leading all rookie forwards in scoring through October, O'Reilly recorded an assist in a 3–1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on October 24 to cap a seven-game point streak, which stood as the longest by a rookie throughout the season.
Suffering an offensive plateau midway through the season, O'Reilly anchored their position as a top defensive forward and penalty killer. They led the Avalanche in ice time on the penalty kill, culminating in posting two short-handed goals during a double minor penalty against the Columbus Blue Jackets on February 2, 2010, to become the first Avalanche player in history to achieve two shorthanded goals in one game. They finished their rookie season with the Avalanche with 26 points (eight goals and 18 assists) in 81 regular-season games before making their Stanley Cup playoff debut in a 2–1 victory over San Jose in Game 1 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals on April 14. On April 18, they scored their first career playoff goal, scoring the game-winning tally in Colorado's Game 3 1–0 overtime victory over San Jose. They were credited with the goal after inadvertently deflecting Sharks defenceman Dan Boyle's pass attempt from an improbable angle into the net past goaltender Evgeni Nabokov to put the Avalanche ahead in the series, two games to one.
In their second professional season in 2010–11, O'Reilly remained entrenched on the shut-down third line for the Avalanche. On November 19, 2010, they appeared in their 100th NHL game, a 5–1 victory over the New York Rangers. In scoring eight goals in their last 18 games, O'Reilly was able to match their rookie season contribution of 26 points and led the team for a second consecutive season in takeaways, with 72.
In the following year, 2011–12, having established themselves as the leading defensive centre on the Avalanche, O'Reilly developed their two-way game and increased their offensive production playing alongside linemate Gabriel Landeskog. This was recognized as they were named as the NHL's Second Star of the Week for November 28 to December 4 after contributing with seven points in four games, and was leading all Avalanche forwards in ice time. On January 12, 2012, they appeared in their 200th career NHL game, scoring a goal in a 3–2 overtime defeat to the Nashville Predators. Despite the Avalanche missing the playoffs for a second-straight season, O'Reilly leads the NHL and set an Avalanche record with 101 takeaways. They also more than doubled their points output for their previous two seasons combined to finish as top scorer on the Avalanche with 18 goals and 55 points.
As a restricted free agent in the off-season, O'Reilly's protracted contract negotiations with the Avalanche were halted by the expired Collective Bargaining Agreement between the NHL and the NHL Players' Association (NHLPA), which incurred the 2012–13 NHL lock-out. With the lock-out cancelling the start of the season, O'Reilly, in joining their brother Cal, signed a two-year contract with Russian Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) club Metallurg Magnitogorsk on December 7, 2012. Unlike the exodus of NHL players joining European leagues on short-term contracts, O'Reilly signed a two-year contract with the conditional opt-out clause in returning to the NHL if an agreement with the Avalanche was met. O'Reilly made their debut for Magnitogorsk in a 5–3 victory over Atlant Moscow Oblast on December 19.
Despite an end to NHL lock-out announced on January 12, 2013, O'Reilly was still unable to come to terms with the Avalanche and initially continued to play in Russia to miss the opening of the shortened 2012–13 season. On January 24, citing an ankle injury suffered through their 12 games with Metallurg, they mutually terminated their contract in Russia and returned for rehabilitation to North America. At an impasse with the Avalanche a month into the season, O'Reilly was training with the OHL's London Knights when they ended their holdout on February 28 after signing a two-year, $10 million offer sheet with the Calgary Flames. With a game coinciding between the two clubs on that day, the Avalanche announced during the contest that they opted to forgo compensation and secured O'Reilly to a contract by matching the Flames' offer sheet. Due to O'Reilly having signed a contract with a KHL franchise, had Colorado not matched Calgary's offer sheet, they would have had to pass through waivers before returning to the NHL.
In the 2013–14 season, under new Head Coach Patrick Roy, O'Reilly was moved to the wing to play alongside centre Matt Duchene and subsequently responded with a team-leading—and career-high—28 goals and 64 points in 80 games as the Avalanche returned to the playoffs. For the second time in their career, O'Reilly led the NHL in takeaways with 83 and, in recording just one penalty minor, was awarded the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy for gentlemanly conduct and sportsmanship by the League.
As an impending restricted free agent, and with past difficulties in contract negotiation, the Avalanche elected to take O'Reilly to a salary arbitration. On July 23, 2014, O'Reilly and the Avalanche agreed to settle prior to the arbitration hearing after negotiating a two-year, $12 million contract. During the 2014–15 season, O'Reilly scored 17 goals and 38 assists for 55 points, also leading the Avalanche in average ice time per game, as Colorado failed to make the 2015 playoffs.
Buffalo Sabres (2015–2018)
On June 26, 2015, the Avalanche traded O'Reilly, alongside Jamie McGinn, to the Buffalo Sabres in exchange for Nikita Zadorov, forward Mikhail Grigorenko, prospect J. T. Compher and the 31st pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft. On July 2, O'Reilly then signed a seven-year contract extension with Buffalo worth $52.5 million, which came into effect during the 2016–17 season. O'Reilly's signing came on the same day as the Sabres organization signed their brother Cal O'Reilly to a two-year contract. O'Reilly was immediately named an alternate captain upon their arrival in Buffalo. The Sabres improved in O'Reilly's first season, after finishing last in league standings the previous two seasons. O'Reilly led the team offensively with 60 points.
On April 7, 2018, O'Reilly surpassed Rod Brind'Amour for most faceoff wins in a single season (1,269) in a 4–3 loss to the Florida Panthers. At the end of the 2017–18 season, O'Reilly was named a Lady Byng Memorial Trophy finalist as the league's most gentlemanly player. In spite of their personal success, the Sabres failed to qualify for the NHL playoffs during their tenure, resulting in O'Reilly admitting they began to lose their love of the game. Their comments seemed to polarize fans in Buffalo, with many subsequently labeling O'Reilly a cancerous presence on the team, while others defended their remarks and agreed that the Sabres had become complacent with losing.
St. Louis Blues (2018–present)
On July 1, 2018, O'Reilly was traded to the St. Louis Blues in exchange for Tage Thompson, Vladimír Sobotka, Patrik Berglund, a 2019 first-round pick and a 2021 second-round pick. Although O'Reilly experienced a career-high season with the Blues, the team fell to last place around the entire league by January 2, resulting in a coaching and goaltender change. As the Blues rebounded, O'Reilly enjoyed a career year in their first year in St. Louis, achieving career highs in assists and points and tying their career high in goals. They were invited to their second career NHL All-Star Game, where they registered seven points through two games and was a finalist for the All-Star Game MVP, ultimately losing the award to Sidney Crosby.
As the Blues qualified for the 2019 Stanley Cup playoffs, O'Reilly became the first player to score a goal in four consecutive Stanley Cup Finals games since Wayne Gretzky in 1985. They were awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy after recording a franchise-record 23 playoff points as the Blues won their first Stanley Cup in franchise history, defeating the Boston Bruins 4–1 in game 7 of the 2019 Stanley Cup Finals. For their excellent two-way play during the season, O'Reilly won the Frank J. Selke Trophy as the league's best defensive forward on June 19, 2019, over Patrice Bergeron of the Boston Bruins and Mark Stone of the Vegas Golden Knights.
Although the 2019–20 season was cut short due to the COVID-19 pandemic, O'Reilly continued their success with the Blues and recorded 61 points in 71 games. Due to the loss of Vladimir Tarasenko to injury, O'Reilly was appointed an alternate captain for the team on October 31. On January 11, 2020, O'Reilly, as well as fellow Blues teammates Alex Pietrangelo, Jordan Binnington, and David Perron, were invited to the 2020 National Hockey League All-Star Game.
O'Reilly was named captain of the St. Louis Blues as replacement of Alex Pietrangelo on December 23, 2020.
International play
O'Reilly made their international debut at the 2008 World U-17 Hockey Challenge, scoring six points in six games as captain of gold medal-winning Team Ontario. As an underage 17-year-old, O'Reilly gained selection to Team Canada the 2008 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament in Slovakia. They scored five points in four games and was named game MVP in the final against Russia as they helped Canada capture the gold medal for the fourth time in five years.
The following year, O'Reilly was selected as captain of Canada for the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships. In six games, they contributed with five points before finishing in fourth place after losing 5–4 in the bronze medal game against Finland.
Unable to reach the playoffs with the Avalanche after the 2014–15 regular season, O'Reilly, for the third time in their professional career, was invited to participate in the 2015 IIHF World Championship in the Czech Republic. They helped contribute to a dominant Canadian team, scoring ten points in ten games as Canada won gold in the tournament final over Russia, their first victory in the World Championship since 2007.
O'Reilly repeated as World Champion with Canada in 2016. The following year, O'Reilly won silver at the 2017 IIHF World Championship. They were named an alternate captain for Team Canada at the 2018 IIHF World Championship.
Personal life
O'Reilly is the younger brother of fellow professional hockey player Cal O'Reilly. The two were teammates with the Sabres. Their sister, Tara O'Reilly, served as captain of the Carleton Ravens women's ice hockey program in 2009.
On July 13, 2015, Ontario Provincial Police charged O'Reilly with impaired driving following an incident in Lucan, Ontario when the vintage pickup truck they were driving struck a Tim Hortons. They were charged with driving a motor vehicle while ability impaired and care or control over 80 mgs. They were acquitted of the charges on July 11, 2016.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Bold indicates led league
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1991 births
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Colorado Avalanche draft picks
Colorado Avalanche players
Conn Smythe Trophy winners
Erie Otters players
Frank Selke Trophy winners
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Lady Byng Memorial Trophy winners
Living people
Metallurg Magnitogorsk players
National Hockey League All-Stars
People from Huron County, Ontario
St. Louis Blues players
Stanley Cup champions
Dehnow (, also Romanized as Deh-i-Nau and Dehnau) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 251, in 67 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
was a Japanese photographer and occasional actor responsible for pioneering Japanese homoerotic photography and creating iconic black-and-white images of the Japanese male.
Biography
Yato was born in Nishinomiya in 1928 as Tamotsu Takeda. They were self-taught photographer and during their life never took part in any of the many photographic organizations which was customary in Japan that time.
During their life they had been a day laborer, as well as working at the Nichigeki theater.
Tamotsu Yato was a friend and collaborator of the writer Yukio Mishima and the film critic Donald Richie, as well as a long-term romantic partner of Meredith Weatherby, an expatriate American publisher and translator of Mishima's works into English. Meredith, who was president of the Weatherhill publishing house, bought Yato their first camera, and their friends showed them how to use it. Yato completed three volumes of photography.
In the preface to their 1972 collection Otoko, Tamotsu Yato wrote:
Even though Yato's work received only a limited public distribution, it has attained a cult following and has been acknowledged as a major influence by a number of artists working with male erotica. Thus, Sadao Hasegawa remarks in their Paradise Visions: "Tamotsu Yato achieved fame by creating Otoko, a picture book. They photographed Yukio Mishima, nude. Their subjects: traditional, muscular, unsophisticated countryside men, are mostly extinct today. Otoko was valuable because you could see these long-bodied, stout-legged, cropped hair, square-jawed men... Good-bye, men of Nippon!"
Tamotsu Yatō died in sleep in their apartment in Takadanobaba from a heart condition at the age of forty-five. After their passing, Meredith Weatherby took their negatives to California. They later went into the possession of Fumio Mizuno, who owns them to this day.
Books by Tamotsu Yato
Taidō: Nihon no bodibirudā-tachi (). Tokyo: Weatherhill, 1966; English version: Young Samurai: Bodybuilders of Japan, New York: Grove Press, 1967. With an introduction by Yukio Mishima.
Hadaka matsuri (). Tokyo: Bijutsu Shuppansha, 1969; English version: Naked festival: A Photo-Essay, New York/Tokyo: John Weatherhill, 1968. With an introduction by Yukio Mishima and essays by Tatsuo Hagiwara, Mutsuro Takahashi, and Kozo Yamaji. Translated and adapted for Western readers by Meredith Weatherby and Sachiko Teshima.
Otoko: Photo-Studies of the Young Japanese Male, Los Angeles: Rho-Delta Press, 1972. Dedicated to the memory of Yukio Mishima.
Notes
See also
Homosexuality in Japan
References
Angles, Jeffrey. Interview with Takahashi Mutsuo, Intersections: Gender, History and Culture in the Asian Context, Issue 12, January 2006. Briefly discusses Yatō's sex life and declining health.
Richie, Donald. The Japan Journals: 1947–2004, Stone Bridge Press (2005). Donald Richie's autobiography mentioning Yato in a number of different contexts (browsable scanned version at GoogleBooks)
Richie, Donald. Naked Festival: The Art of Tamotsu Yato, Kyoto Journal no. 44, Kyoto / New York, 2000.
Tagame, Gengoroh. Gay Erotic Art in Japan vol. 2: Transitions of Gay Fantasy in the Times (PDF file)
External links
Richard Hawkins' research
A small gallery
Japanese photographers
Japanese erotic artists
LGBT people from Japan
Gay artists
1920s births
1973 deaths
LGBT photographers
20th-century LGBT people
"Doctor Pepper" is a song recorded by American music producer Diplo, South Korean recording artist CL and American rappers Riff Raff and OG Maco. It was released on May 26, 2015 by Mad Decent. Produced by Diplo and Swizzymack, "Doctor Pepper" is a trap song. CL later stated they wrote the lyrics after Diplo cancelled their recording session, making them write the song in a rush while drinking a can of Dr. Pepper.
An accompanying music video was shot in Las Vegas.
Track listings and formats
Digital download
"Doctor Pepper" – 3:46
Credits and personnel
Personnel
Diplo – producer
CL – vocals, songwriter
Riff Raff – vocals, songwriter
OG Maco – vocals, songwriter
Swizzymack - Producer
Release history
References
External links
2015 singles
2015 songs
Songs written by Diplo
Song recordings produced by Diplo
Paul Elard Cooley is an American contemporary speculative fiction writer, prolific podcaster and Systems Administrator from Houston, Texas.
Life and work
Cooley has been writing since the age of 12. In 2009, they began producing free psychological thriller and horror podcasts, essays, and reviews available from Shadowpublications.com and iTunes. Cooley is the author of a number of series of stories (many interconnected) including their 'Fiends Tales', 'Garaaga's Children', 'Tony Downs','The Street' series, and 'The Black' published by Severed Press. They have also co-written an episode of Scott Sigler 'The Crypt' audio anthology series as well as the novella, 'The Rider' set in Sigler's GFL universe (to be released).
Cooley's works have been published by Severed Press, via Blue Moose Press, e-published by Dark Overlord Media and self-published. Many works of fiction are also available as digital audio downloads in podcast form.
Cooley co-hosts the Dead Robots' Society podcast, a weekly roundtable discussion podcast examining issues related to writing with a speculative fiction focus and has lent their voice talent to many podcast fiction productions.
Awards
Parsecs
Winner of the Parsec for 'The Black' in 2015 in the category of Best Speculative Fiction Story: Small Cast (Novella & Long Form)
Compete History
In 2010, their short story 'Canvas' and novella 'Tattoo' were nominated for Parsec Awards. 'Tattoo' became a Parsec Award finalist.
In 2013, 'Mimes' and 'Garaaga's Children: Scrolls' were both chosen as finalists.
In 2015, 'The Black' was a finalist and won for Best Speculative Fiction Story: Small Cast (Novella & Long Form)
Charitable works
Cooley donates $2 from each sale of The Street (which Cooley characterizes their 'The Street' series of horror/satire stories as 'dystopian muppet fiction') to the Sesame Workshop.
Cooley contributed the story 'Breakers' to the horror anthology "Dead Ends", a charity anthology with all net proceeds going to
benefit the Office of Letters and Light: http://lettersandlight.org/.
Books in Print
Paul E Cooley (2014), The Street, , Shadowpublications.com
Paul E Cooley (2011), Fiends, Volume 1, Blue Moose Press
Paul E Cooley (2014), "The Black", , Severed Press
Paul E Cooley (2015), "The Black: Arrival", , Severed Press
Paul E Cooley (2014), "Legends of Garaaga", , Shadow Publications
Paul E Cooley (2015), "Daemons of Garaaga", ISBN, 194-2137036, Shadow Publications
Paul E Cooley (2016), " The Black: Outbreak", , Severed Press
Paul E Cooley, (2016), "Closet Treats", , Shadow Publications
eBooks Available
Paul E Cooley (2014), "The Black", published by Severed Press
Paul E Cooley (2015), "The Black: Arrival", published by Severed Press
Paul E Cooley (2016), "The Black: Outbreak", published by Severed Press
Paul E Cooley (2014), "The Street"
Paul E Cooley (2014) "Garaaga's Children: Ancients"
Paul E Cooley (2014), "Legends of Garaaga"
Paul E Cooley (2015), "Daemons of Garaaga"
Paul E Cooley (2013), "Tattoo"
Paul E Cooley (2013), "The Hunt" (Tony Downs)
Paul E Cooley (2013), "After Image" (Tony Downs)
Paul E Cooley (2013), "Closet Treats"
Paul E Cooley (2011), "Fiendlettes—4 Stories from the Fiends Collection"
Paul E Cooley (2015), "Mimes"
Paul E, Cooley (2015), "Lamashtu"
Paul E Cooley (2017), "The Rider" (forthcoming, with Scott Sigler)
Audiobooks
Paul E Cooley (2015),"The Black"
Paul E Cooley (2015),"The Black: Arrival"
Paul E. Cooley (2016), "The Black: Outbreak (Coming soon)
Paul E Cooley (2015), "Mimes"
Paul E. Cooley (2015), "Lamashtu"
Paul E. Cooley (2015), "Closet Treats"
Paul E. Cooley (2016), "Daemons of Garaaga"
Podcasts
Shadow Publications (RSS)
Dead Robots Society
References
External links
Shadow Publications
Paul's YouTube channel
Goodreads author page
Amazon.com author page
1970 births
Living people
Writers from Houston
American science fiction writers
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American men podcasters
American podcasters
American horror writers
Novelists from Texas
American male short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
"" (; ) is a song by Swiss rapper Loredana and Kosovo-Albanian rapper Mozzik. It was independently released for digital download and streaming on 28 May 2021 as the lead single from their debut collaborative studio album No Rich Parents (2021). The song was written by Loredana, Mozzik, Saru, Selmon, Smajl Shaqiri, Takt and Vito, and produced by Loredana, Mozzik and Jumpa. The lyrics of the Albanian and German-language song attempt to elaborate their separation and seek to find answers to the questions of why it had come so far.
"" was well-received by music critics, some of whom praised its music and lyrics. The single was a commercial success in German-speaking Europe, reaching number one in Germany, as well as the top five in Austria and Switzerland. The accompanying music video was directed by Fati.tv and Haris Dubica, being released along with the song. It features scenes during Loredana and Mozzik's time together as a couple and re-enacted shots from their separation and reunion.
Background and composition
In 2019, Loredana and Mozzik announced their separation, approximately a year after the birth of their daughter Hana. Prior to the release of "" in May 2021, a social media post by Loredana featuring them with a newborn child in their arms sparked rumors that the couple had reunited and married for a second time. The latter themes were addressed during the song's Albanian and German-language lyrics, wherein, both attempt to elaborate their separation and seek to find answers to the questions of why it had come so far. "" was written by Loredana, Mozzik, Saru, Selmon, Smajl Shaqiri, Takt and Vito, while the production was handled by Jumpa, Loredana and Mozzik. On 28 May 2021, "" was independently released as the first single via digital download and streaming in various countries. It is taken from Loredana and Mozzik's debut collaborative studio album No Rich Parents (2021).
Reception and promotion
"" was met with generally positive reviews from music critics. Swiss website Lyrics Magazin found the song "perfectly" backed by a "theatrical beat", which with the use of a vocal sample and an acoustic guitar, brought out the emotions even more. Mira Weingart from Red Bull described it as "emotional" and very "personal". "" attained commercial success in German-speaking Europe. The single topped the Official German Charts in June 2021, and also reached the top five in Austria and Switzerland, respectively.
An accompanying music video for "" was uploaded to Mozzik's official YouTube channel simultaneously with the single's release on 28 May 2021. The video was directed by Fati.tv and Haris Dubica and produced by Luka Katic and Nancho by Fati.tv. It features scenes of Loredana and Mozzik during their time together as a couple, including reenacted shots from their separation and reunion as well as the birth of their daughter. During Loredana's Red Bull Symphonic concert in November 2021, the single was presented in an orchestral version, which was labelled by Martin Seebacher, as a "banger".
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Spotify and Tidal.
Loredanaproducing, songwriting, vocals
Mozzik (Gramoz Aliu)producing, songwriting, vocals
Jumpasongwriting, producing
Sarusongwriting
Selmonsongwriting
Smajl Shaqirisongwriting
Taktsongwriting
Vitosongwriting
Charts
See also
List of number-one hits of 2021 (Germany)
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Loredana Zefi songs
Mozzik songs
Albanian-language songs
German-language songs
Music videos directed by Fati.tv
Number-one singles in Germany
Song recordings produced by Jumpa
Songs written by Loredana Zefi
Paulina Ligocka (born 25 May 1984) is a Polish snowboarder. In March 2006 they finished second in the cumulative final standing of the World Cup in half-pipe. They were an Olympian at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, where they were the bearer of the Polish flag at the opening ceremonies. They competed in half-pipe, finishing 17th.
Born in Gliwice, they now live in the town of Cieszyn, which lies on the border with the Czech Republic.
References
FIS-Ski.com Biography/Results
1984 births
Living people
Polish female snowboarders
Olympic snowboarders of Poland
Snowboarders at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Gliwice
Universiade medalists in snowboarding
Universiade gold medalists for Poland
Competitors at the 2005 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Woodsholea is a genus of bacteria from the family of Maricaulaceae with one known species (Woodsholea maritima).
References
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
TER Languedoc-Roussillon was the regional rail network serving Languedoc-Roussillon région in France. The région became the organising authority on 1 January 2002. In 2017 it was merged into the new TER Occitanie.
Network
Rail
Road
Montpellier–Saint-Affrique
Rolling stock
Multiple units
Ligne de Cerdagne
SNCF Class Z 100
SNCF Class Z 150
SNCF Class Z 200
SNCF Class Z 7300
SNCF Class X 2200 (Also called: X 92200)
SNCF Class X 4500
SNCF Class X 72500
SNCF Class X 73500
Locomotives
SNCF Class BB 7200
SNCF Class BB 8500
SNCF Class BB 9300
SNCF Class BB 9600
On order
Twenty-five trains are on order and should be delivered 2007–2008.
21 electric 4 piece Z 27500
4 hybrid (diesel and electric) 3 piece B 81500
Kartatoo
Kartatoo is a public transport pass system introduced during the first term of 2007. The Kartatoo card was introduced using an optional subscription system to Urban networks at a reduced price. This system is offered to TER commuters (Via pro for labourers) and allows users to purchase a monthly ticket on the Montpellier Agglomération and Nîmes Métropole networks. The scheme should be open to students (Via études) from September 2007 and to all from the end of 2008.
These new measures also come with the creation of 3 new fare zones between Montpellier and Nîmes. West to East, the three zones are centred on Montpellier (from the station Villeneuve-lès-Maguelone to that of Saint-Brès–Mudaison), Lunel (Valergues–Lunel-Vieil to Uchaud) and Nîmes (Milhaud to Manduel–Redessan).
The affected area will be extended towards the West to Agde, Béziers and Narbonne during 2008 with all inhabitants of Languedoc-Roussillon concerned from 2009.
Statistics
1341 km of passenger lines
521 km of Double track lines
834 km of electrified lines
780 level crossings of which 23 are temporary
191 tunnels for 52 km
2322 rail bridges
28 individual lines
See also
SNCF
Transport express régional
Réseau Ferré de France
List of SNCF stations
List of SNCF stations in Languedoc-Roussillon
Languedoc-Roussillon
References
External links
TER Languedoc-Roussillon official site.
TER
For the constituency, see Bukit Selambau (state constituency).
Bukit Selambau is a small town in Kuala Muda District, Kedah, Malaysia.
See also
Bukit Selambau by-election, 2009
Kuala Muda District
Towns in Kedah
Andre Agassi was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Mardy Fish.
Andy Roddick won in the final 7–6(15–13), 6–4 against Fish.
Seeds
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Andy Roddick (champion)
Andre Agassi (semifinals)
Mardy Fish (final)
Taylor Dent (second round)
Robby Ginepri (second round)
Vince Spadea (second round)
James Blake (second round)
Wayne Ferreira (first round)
Draw
References
2004 Siebel Open Draw
SAP Open
2004 ATP Tour
Standard Motor Products of India Limited otherwise known as Stampro for short, formerly known as Union Motors , was an Indian automobile manufacturer based in Chennai which produced Standard cars and light commercial vehicles in collaboration with Standard-Triumph of England. The company was established in 1948 and was in operation till 1988.
Early History
Standard Motor Products of India , then known as STAMPRO was established by C. V. Karthick Narayanan, grandson of C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar.It was a joint venture between Union Motors India and Standard Motor Company in the United Kingdom to assembly Standard range of cars in India. The factory was set up at then outskirts of Chennai, at Perungalathur, east of Tambaram in 1948.
Production models
Vanguard and Standard models
The first car to roll out from this facility in 1951 was the Standard Vanguard Phase I Saloon. Later the compact 1953 model Standard Eight were launched followed by 1954 Standard Ten. In late fifties Standard Pennant was launched followed by a station wagon version. Also during the 50's, the larger Standard Vanguard Phase III Saloon was also offered side by side.
Standard Atlas and 20
In the 1960s the company launched the Standard Atlas commercial Van. This model was changed slightly for the Indian market and redesigned as panel van as well as passenger van and was sold a as Standard 20 which continued well into 80's. Later versions offered a pickup version as well as a passenger version.
Standard Herald
During the mid-1950s following the drop in sales for Standard and Vanguard models, the Triumph name was used for upcoming models and the Triumph Herald was relaunched in India as Standard Herald. The Indian model had four-door version and used the engine from the earlier Standard models.
Standard Gazel
In the mid-1970s Standard Motors India launched the Standard Gazel model, which was developed in-house based on the Standard Herald model. But soon the sales dropped to such a dismal low that the company stopped production and continued with its Standard Atlas vans and pickups.
Standard 2000
In the mid-1980s the central government relaxed the investment regulations and Tariff Commission regulations and allowed all Indian automobile companies to have a technical tie-up with foreign counterparts. SMPL once again sought the collaboration with its old partner now under Rover group. The 1976 Rover SD1 was launched in India in 1985 as Standard 2000 and was priced at the premium end. The sales dropped when customers complained that the 1950s Vanguard powered Rover wasn't quick enough and was a notorious gas guzzler. Soon the company became near bankrupt and was taken over by A.C. Muthiah group.
Further BIFR intervention in investments and consolidation of commercial vans segment did not help the company and in the late 1990s the company ceased operations. In 2005 the company was liquidated and the land sold to Shriram Chits group. The space is today an IT office park named Shriram The Gateway Office Park in Perugalathur.
Further reading
- SMPIL Land - Business Line
- Standards in India - Book:The Book of the Standard Motor Company By Graham Robson
- Standard Motors, Heralding ‘Make in India' - The Hindu
References
Car manufacturers of India
Manufacturing companies based in Chennai
Indian companies disestablished in 1988
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of India
Standard Motor Company
Indian companies established in 1947
Vehicle manufacturing companies disestablished in 1988
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1947
"Touch Me (All Night Long)" is a 1984 song by American singer Fonda Rae and American band Wish. It was a minor hit for Rae and the band, and was featured in the 1985 slasher film A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge. In the original, it is alternately spelled as "Tuch Me (All Night Long)" or simply just "Tuch Me".
Track listing and formats
US 12-inch vinyl single
Tuch Me (All Night Long) – 9:32
Tuch Me (All Night Long) Radio Version – 3:34
Tuch Me (All Night Long) Dub Version – 7:25
UK 12-inch vinyl single
Tuch Me (All Night Long) – 9:32
Tuch Me (All Night Long) Short Version – 4:34
Tuch Me (All Night Long) Special Mix For Break Dancing – 7:25
Charts
Cathy Dennis version
A cover on "Touch Me (All Night Long)" was released by British singer and songwriter Cathy Dennis on 14 January 1991 as the third single from their debut studio album, Move to This (1990), where it is listed as either "Touch Me (All Night Long)" or "All Night Long (Touch Me)". Them version contained some rewritten lyrics in the verses. It was a number-one hit on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart.
Dennis performed the song on the season three, episode of Beverly Hills, 90210, "A Night to Remember", in 1993.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard described the song as a "house-savvy rendition of the Fonda Rae disco nugget." They added that it is a "fine showcase for Dennis's bright and chirpy vocal style." Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report commented that "after hearing this track, there's every reason to believe she'll be travelling up the chart again." They also added that as co-writer and co-producer, "this exciting vocalist creates mature dance music that can entertain young and older audiences alike." James Hamilton from Music Week deemed it a "breezy Fonda Rae revival".
Chart performance
"Touch Me (All Night Long)" peaked at number one in Zimbabwe, number nine in Canada, number five in the United Kingdom and number three in Ireland. In the United States, "Touch Me" reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 on the week of 18 May 1991, behind Hi-Five's "I Like the Way (The Kissing Game)" and Mariah Carey's "I Don't Wanna Cry". In addition, "Touch Me" spent one week at the top of the US Dance Club Songs chart in March 1991, becoming their biggest hit in the country.
Music video
The accompanying music video for “Touch Me (All Night Long)" was directed by Rocky Morton and Annabel Jankel. It was later published on YouTube in July 2018. By April 2022, the video had more than three million views.
Impact and legacy
BuzzFeed ranked Dennis' version of "Touch Me (All Night Long)" at number 19 in their list of "The 101 Greatest Dance Songs of the '90s" in 2017.
In 2019, Billboard listed it at number 188 in their ranking of "Billboards Top Songs of the '90s".
In 2020, Slant Magazine placed the song at number 89 in their list of "The 100 Best Dance Songs of All Time". They added,
"...Cathy Dennis made Fonda Rae's disco trifle “Touch Me (All Night Long)” their own by completely rewriting the song's throwaway verses, imbuing a fleeting physical connection with the weight of manifest destiny. DJ extraordinaire Shep Pettibone likewise put their signature on the track by amping up the melodic hook and distinctive Roland 909 house beats, propelling it into the stratosphere of early-'90s house-pop."
Track listing and formats
US 7-inch vinyl and cassette single
Touch Me (All Night Long) 7" Mix – 3:28
Touch Me (All Night Long) Hot Mix – 4:01
US 12-inch vinyl single
Touch Me (All Night Long) Club Mix – 7:17
Touch Me (All Night Long) All Night Long Mix – 6:46
Touch Me (All Night Long) 7" Mix – 3:28
Touch Me (All Night Long) Touch This – 7:47
Touch Me (All Night Long) Rhodesapella Mix – 4:06
Touch Me (All Night Long) Dub All Night Long – 5:21
UK CD maxi-single
Touch Me (All Night Long) 7" Mix – 3:28
Touch Me (All Night Long) Club Mix – 7:17
Touch Me (All Night Long) All Night Long Mix – 6:46
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other versions
"Touch Me (All Night Long)" was released in 2004 by electronic dance group Angel City from their debut studio album, Love Me Right. The band was formed by Zentveld & Oomen. It was the follow-up to the group's 2003 single, "Love Me Right (Oh Sheila)". It reached number two on the UK dance charts and number 18 on the UK Singles Chart. It shares the chorus from Cathy Dennis's 1991 hit single "Touch Me (All Night Long)", but has different verses. "Touch Me (Radio Edit)" was released in 2015 by former singer-songwriter Lauren Ashleigh. It never entered any charts but was regularly played on BBC Essex and Kiss FM.
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 1991 (U.S.)
References
1984 singles
1984 songs
1991 singles
Cathy Dennis songs
Eurodance songs
House music songs
Music videos directed by Rocky Morton
Number-one singles in Zimbabwe
Polydor Records singles
Songs written by Cathy Dennis
Song recordings produced by Cathy Dennis
Songs written by Patrick Adams (musician)
Arethusa Flora Gartside Leigh-White (née Hawker) (3 January 1885 – 1959) was the second World Association Director, whose nine years in office ended in 1947. They had the difficult years of World War II to contend with, and spent some time in the Western Hemisphere building Girl Guiding there. The immediate postwar reconstruction in Europe came under their guidance, and they and J. S. Wilson had to address and adjust policy accordingly.
See also
World Scout Committee
References
Scouting Round the World, John S. Wilson, first edition, Blandford Press 1959 page 203.
External links
Bantry House, Co. Cork
Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting
1885 births
1959 deaths
Vignoles can refer to
Vignoles rail, kind of railway rail
Vignoles (grape)
Vignoles, Côte-d'Or, commune of the Côte-d'Or département, France
Vignoles (surname)
See also
Vignole, an island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy
The Ethiopian oriole (Oriolus monacha) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae.
It is found in north-eastern Africa where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Ethiopian oriole was originally described in the genus Turdus. Alternate names for the Ethiopian oriole include the Abyssinian black-headed oriole, Abyssinian oriole, black-headed forest oriole, dark-headed oriole, Ethiopian black-headed oriole, Ethiopian forest oriole and forest oriole.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
Omo black-headed oriole (O. m. meneliki) - Blundell & Lovat, 1899: Originally described as a separate species. Found in southern Ethiopia
O. m. monacha - (Gmelin, 1789): Found in northern Ethiopia, Eritrea
References
Ethiopian oriole
Ethiopian oriole
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Ethiopian oriole
Ethiopian oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ghost Doctor ( is a 2022 South Korean television series directed by Boo Seong-cheol and starring Rain, Kim Bum, Uee and Son Na-eun. The series revolves around two doctors from extreme backgrounds and skills merging into one person. It aired from January 3 to February 22, 2022, on tvN's Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:30 (KST) time slot for 16 episodes. It is available for streaming on TVING, iQiyi, and Netflix.
Synopsis
The series revolves around two doctors from extreme backgrounds, who have complete opposite personalities and medical skills: Cha Young-min (Rain) is a genius doctor and a high-skilled cardiothoracic surgeon, but is arrogant and selfish. Go Seung-tak (Kim-Bum), who although possesses excellent medical knowledge, is hindered by their fear of blood. One day, Young Min gets involved in an unexpected case, and due to this, their spirit possesses Seung-tak's body.
Cast and characters
Main
Rain as Cha Young-min: 38 years old, a genius cardiothoracic surgeon who has a golden hand, they can handle the difficult surgeries and is the best doctor of Eunsang Foundation Hospital.
Kim Bum as Go Seung-tak: 28 years old, 1st year thoracic surgery resident, a "silver spoon" resident in the hospital as their grandfather is the founder of the hospital, and their mother is the current chairperson of the foundation. They have excellent theorical knowledge but practically clumsy at work.
Uee as Jang Se-jin: 38 years old, Cha Young-min's love interest and an overseas and genius neurosurgeon, they were raised as daughter of a single mother.
Son Na-eun as Oh Soo-jeong: 28 years old, a highly talented emergency room intern, straight forward at work and wants to be a cardiothoracic surgeon, Go Seung-tak's best friend and love interest. Granddaughter of Oh Joo-Myung, which after their death becomes the ghost, Tes.
Supporting
Sung Dong-il as Tes/Oh Joo-myung: a genius and compassionate cardiothoracic surgeon before their death in the age of 60s. Twenty years after their death, they still wander in the hospital as a ghost, helping the patients by possessing the hospital staffs, including Cha Young-min while in their residency.
Hospital people
Tae In-ho as Han Seung-won: in mid 30's, Executive Director, Go Seung-tak's older cousin.  They are a two-faced man with an invisible dagger inside, main antagonist.
Park Chul-min as Ban Tae-sik: in early 50's. Chief of Thoracic Surgery. In front of other doctors, they shout "I was a genius in my old days", but in front of Cha Young-min, they always get smaller.
Ko Sang-ho as Ahn Tae-hyun: 34 years old, 4th year as a thoracic surgery fellow and a loyal junior of Cha Young-min who betrayed them after getting bribed by Jang Min ho
Ahn Tae-hwan as Kim Jae-won: 29 years old, a third year cardiothoracic surgeon, who has a simple and clear personality. A kind and warm person who values every little life, likes Go Seung-tak.
Kim Jae-yong as Lee Seon-ho: 30 years old. 4th year thoracic surgery resident, they are born and raised in a middle-class family
Seo Ji-young as Go Seong-hye: chairperson of the Medical Foundation
Choi Seok-won as Hun-gil: a coma ghost who dreams of becoming an actor, Bo-mi's love interest
Yoon So-hee as Im Bo-mi: a coma ghost who feels pressured by their mother to be a professor, Hun-gil's love interest
Han Seung-hyun as Hwang Guk-chan: a coma ghost whose family owns a walnut cookie shop
Yoon Da-kyung as Seong Mi-ran: Go Seung-tak's mother. A person with two sides: a kind mother for Seung-tak and a cold-hearted and stubborn president of a medical foundation.
Hwang Seok-jeong as Mrs. Kim: hospital's custodian. They have unique ability to meet various people in the hospital.
Park So-eun as Nurse Jung
Shin Soo-hang as emergency room doctor.
Kim Jung-hwan as doctor.
Baek Ik-nam as doctor (ep. 1).
Jeon Se-yong as internship interviewer (ep. 1).
Bae Ki-bum as OR anesthesiologist (ep. 1).
Others
Lee Tae-sung as Jang Min-ho: in early 40's, son of Chairman Jang Myung-duk, they are a cold-blooded man who takes advantage of their father's illness to become the heir to the group.
Lee Moon-soo as Chairman Jang Kwang-deok: 70 years old, Chairman of the Chunmyung group, has cardiac sarcoma and is in need of surgery.
Woo Yong-hee as paramedic (ep. 1)
Park Sung-kyun as medical school professor (ep. 1)
Kim Woo-jin as paramedic (ep. 1)
Lee Kyu-hyun as mysterious motorcycle man
Kim Jung-woon as Jang Min-ho's secretary
Sugar Glider as Cha Mandu
Special Appearance
Ahn Hee-yeon as Lee Ji-woo/ Jessica
Production
On March 17, 2021 it was reported that Rain will make a comeback with TV series Ghost Doctor, directed by Bu Seong-cheol, written by Kim Seon-sun, and produced by Bone Factory. They last appeared in 2019 series Welcome 2 Life. The cast lineup was confirmed on November 8, 2021. On November 2, Son Na-eun posted a photo from the filming site.
On February 6, 2022, it was reported that filming had been completed.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Viewership
References
External links
Ghost Doctor at Daum
Ghost Doctor at Naver
TVN (South Korean TV channel) television dramas
2022 South Korean television series debuts
2022 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean fantasy television series
South Korean medical television series
Television series by Bon Factory Worldwide
This is a summary of the electoral history of Ali Larijani, an Iranian Principlist politician who is a member and Speaker of Islamic Consultative Assembly since 2008.
Ministry approval
Khatami was nominated and approved for Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance by Iranian Parliament.
Parliament elections
2008
They were elected to the Parliament representing Qom with 239,436 (73.01%) votes. They were ranked 1st in the constituency.
2012
They were elected to the Parliament representing Qom with 270,382 (65.17%) votes. They were ranked 1st in the constituency.
Speaker of the Parliament elections
They were elected as Speaker of the Parliament of Iran in 2 consecutive terms.
Presidential election
2005
In the first round, Ali Larijani finished sixth with 1,713,810 votes (5.83%) and did not advance to the second round.
References
Electoral history of Iranian politicians
Yankeeography is a biography-style television program that chronicles the lives and careers of the players, coaches, and other notable personnel associated with the New York Yankees Major League Baseball team. The series is aired on the YES Network and is produced by MLB Productions. The series is hosted by Yankees radio personality John Sterling. The series has earned five New York Sports Emmy Awards since its inception. In addition to airing on YES, MLB Productions has packaged many of the shows into DVD boxed sets.
After debuting as a weekly show with the 2002 launch of YES, Yankeeography only debuts new episodes periodically (as there are fewer prominent Yankees yet to be spotlighted). For instance, four episodes premiered in 2006: Tino Martinez, David Cone, the Yankees' 1996 World Series team, and Billy Martin. All Yankees with retired numbers have had shows completed with the exception of Bill Dickey. The show has been criticized for producing episodes on players who remain active while Hall of Famers from much earlier eras such as Jack Chesbro, Tony Lazzeri, Red Ruffing and Lefty Gomez were not profiled. Some profiles have been updated to reflect new developments.
Selected players and coaches profiled
First airing in 2002 season
Joe DiMaggio
Lou Gehrig
Ron Guidry
Derek Jeter
Mickey Mantle
Don Mattingly
Thurman Munson
Paul O'Neill
Mariano Rivera
Babe Ruth
Joe Torre
Bernie Williams
First airing in 2003
Yogi Berra
Catfish Hunter
Roger Maris
The History of the Yankees; a six-part, six-hour series commemorating the franchise's 100th anniversary:
"Moments and Mystique," featuring great moments in team history, including a discussion of the rivalry with the Boston Red Sox
1903-1956, covering the team's early days, and the years of Ruth, Gehrig and DiMaggio, into the early Mantle years
1957-1978, into the later years of Mantle, the down years between the 1965 collapse of the dynasty and the renewal of glory under new owner George Steinbrenner
1979-2002, covering the Winfield and Mattingly years, and the rebuilding that led to the titles of the Jeter/Torre years
The Stadium, concerning the history of Yankee Stadium, including its non-baseball-related events
The Greatest Yankees Teams, featuring the 1927, 1961, 1977–1978 and 1998 World Championship squads
First airing in 2004
Whitey Ford
Elston Howard
Reggie Jackson
Bobby Murcer
Jorge Posada
Phil Rizzuto
Generations: The First Basemen
Generations: The Second Basemen
Generations: The Third Basemen
Generations: The Right-Handed Pitchers
Generations: The Left-Handed Pitchers
First airing in 2005
Goose Gossage
Sparky Lyle
Graig Nettles
Lou Piniella
Willie Randolph
Casey Stengel
The Hall-of-Famers; hosted by Reggie Jackson on location at the Baseball Hall of Fame, this is the one Yankeeography yet aired that was hosted by someone other than John Sterling.
First airing in 2006
David Cone
Billy Martin
Tino Martinez
1996
First Airing in 2007
Hideki Matsui; this was set to premiere in June 2006, but was held back due to an on-field injury.
Pitcher Perfect; dedicated to the 3 perfect games pitched by former Yankees Don Larsen, David Wells, and David Cone.
Andy Pettitte
Roger Clemens
First airing in 2008
1998
Alex Rodriguez
Yankee Stadium
First airing in 2009
Dave Winfield
Mike Mussina
George Steinbrenner
First airing in 2013
David Wells
Yankeeography episodes available on DVD
100 Years of the New York Yankees (2003)
This two disc collection contains the six parts of The History of the Yankees, entitled: "1903-1956", "1957-1978", "1979-2002", "Moments and Mystique", "The Stadium", and "The Greatest Yankees Teams"
Yankeeography, Vol. 1 (2004)
Volume 1 contains six episodes on Babe Ruth, Thurman Munson, Ron Guidry, Don Mattingly, Derek Jeter, and Joe Torre. A third disc includes various extras such as unforgettable moments and archived footage.
Yankeeography, Vol. 2 (2004)
Volume 2 contains six episodes on Lou Gehrig, Phil Rizzuto, Mickey Mantle, Elston Howard, Paul O'Neill, and Mariano Rivera. A third disc includes various extras such as unforgettable moments and archived footage.
Yankeeography, Vol. 3 (2005)
Volume 3 contains six episodes on Joe DiMaggio, Catfish Hunter, Bobby Murcer, Reggie Jackson, Goose Gossage, and Jorge Posada. A third disc includes various extras such as unforgettable moments and archived footage.
Yankeeography, Vol. 4 (2005)
Volume 4 contains six episodes on Yogi Berra, Whitey Ford, Roger Maris, Lou Piniella, Willie Randolph, and Bernie Williams. A third disc includes various extras such as unforgettable moments and archived footage.
Yankeeography "Megaset" DVD Collection (2007)
The Megaset is a 12 DVD set with 34 episodes of Yankeeography, including 10 previously unreleased episodes (Billy Martin, Casey Stengel, Sparky Lyle, Graig Nettles, David Cone, Tino Martinez, Roger Clemens, The Hall of Famers, The Left Handers, The Right Handers)
Set 1 contains 11 episodes: Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Phil Rizzuto, Yogi Berra, Mickey Mantle, Whitey Ford, Billy Martin, Casey Stengel, Elston Howard, and Roger Maris.
Set 2 contains 12 episodes: Thurman Munson, Bobby Murcer, Sparky Lyle, Graig Nettles, Lou Piniella, Catfish Hunter, Ron Guidry, Willie Randolph, Reggie Jackson, Goose Gossage, Don Mattingly, and Bernie Williams.
Set 3 contains 11 episodes: Paul O'Neill, David Cone, Derek Jeter, Mariano Rivera, Jorge Posada, Joe Torre, Tino Martinez, Roger Clemens, The Hall of Famers, The Left Handers, and The Right Handers.
Set 4 contains extra features such as archived footage and interviews about all players included on previous discs.
Yankeeography: The Captains Collection (2009)
Released in August 2009, this is a 2-DVD collection which contains episodes about prominent Yankee captains: Lou Gehrig, Thurman Munson, Graig Nettles, Ron Guidry, Willie Randolph, Don Mattingly, and Derek Jeter. The set also contains bonus material and episode Moments & Mystique from the 100 Years of the New York Yankees collection.
Yankeeography: The Core Four Collection (2010)
Released in November 2010, this 2-DVD collections contains episodes about the core players of the 1995-2010 era: Derek Jeter, Mariano Rivera, Jorge Posada, and Andy Pettitte, as well as extras.
Yankeeography "Megaset" DVD Collection (2011)
Released in November 2011, 16 DVD set, 32-page Collectible Book.
Disc 1: Yankee Stadium
Disc 2: Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Phil Rizzuto.
Disc 3: Yogi Berra, Billy Martin, Whitey Ford, Mickey Mantle.
Disc 4: Casey Stengel, Elston Howard, Roger Maris.
Disc 5: Bonus: Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Phil Rizzuto, Yogi Berra, Billy Martin, Whitey Ford, Mickey Mantle, Casey Stengel, Elston Howard, Roger Maris.
Disc 6: Bobby Murcer, Thurman Munson, Sparky Lyle, Graig Nettles.
Disc 7: Lou Piniella, Catfish Hunter, Ron Guidry, Willie Randolph.
Disc 8: Reggie Jackson, Goose Gossage, Dave Winfield, Don Mattingly.
Disc 9: Bonus: Bobby Murcer, Thurman Munson, Sparky Lyle, Graig Nettles, Lou Piniella, Catfish Hunter, Ron Guidry, Willie Randolph, Reggie Jackson, Goose Gossage, Dave Winfield, Don Mattingly.
Disc 10: Bernie Williams, Paul O'Neill, Andy Pettitte, Mariano Rivera.
Disc 11: Derek Jeter, David Cone, Jorge Posada, Tino Martinez.
Disc 12: Bonus: Bernie Williams, Paul O'Neill, Andy Pettitte, Mariano Rivera, Derek Jeter, David Cone, Jorge Posada, Tino Martinez.
Disc 13: Joe Torre, Roger Clemens, Mike Mussina, Hideki Matsui.
Disc 14: Alex Rodriguez, George Steinbrenner. Bonus:Joe Torre, Roger Clemens, Mike Mussina, Hideki Matsui, Alex Rodriguez, George Steinbrenner.
Disc 15: 1996 Season In Review, 1998 Season In Review.
Disc 16: Tales Of Triumph: 1996 World Series, 1998 World Series, 2001 World Series Game 4 & 5, 1978 Playoff: Bucky Dent, No-Hitters & Perfect Games, 2003 ALCS:Aaron Boone Homer.
References
YES Network original programming
2002 American television series debuts
2010s American television series
Works about the New York Yankees
Hamburger: The Motion Picture is a 1986 teen sex comedy film directed by Mike Marvin and starring Leigh McCloskey. The film stars Leigh as Russell Proco, who finds themselves way too distracted by women who want to have sex with him. Proco decides to enroll in Hamburger University to become an owner of a Busterburger franchise.
Hamburger: The Motion Picture began production in 1985 where it was predominantly shot in California and premiered in Los Angeles in January. The film received negative reviews from The Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, and The Miami Herald.
Plot
Russell Proco has been expelled from multiple schools because of their crude behavior, predominantly having women throw themselves at them (even when they are in no mood). They were given a large trust fund, but their grandfather's will stipulated that it is frozen unless they earn a college diploma. While trying to mull over their problem at a local Busterburger owned by a friend of his, who said they had a similar problem and that they earned the equivalent of a college diploma after finishing Busterburger University. Russell agrees that this may be their way to get the trust fund unfrozen.
After signing up, Russell runs afoul of Drootin, a vicious teacher whose job is to ensure that improper franchise owners will flunk out. Drootin imposes three rules on all the candidates: All candidates are to remain on the grounds of Busterburger University until graduation. Outside consumption of alcohol, tobacco, drugs, and food is prohibited. Since sex and success make lousy partners, all candidates are not to engage in sex while students. Russell tries to focus on work and to steer clear of their zany classmates, among them a fellow horndog who lusts after the CEO's trophy wife, a nun, an obese man who shocks themselves to avoid overeating, a sex-crazed female guerrilla from Central America, as well as a black pop musician named Magneto Jones (Chip McAllister) who is kidnapped by police and brought to Busterburger University in handcuffs, in order to improve minority imaging. Russell finds themselves attracted to another teacher, Mia Vunk who is the CEO's daughter and is dating Drootin. When Drootin learns of a rival suitor, they make it a priority to drum out Russell. After being caught off campus, Drootin punishes Russell by having special sauce dumped on them while being made to listen to the company's jingle several times.
Russell manages to pass the first part of the final test, an oral exam conducted by Lyman Vunk and the teachers, and must now pass the second part, whereupon all the candidates will be made to manage Busterburger for one day. Drootin makes sure Russell and everyone fails by first getting an eating club of obese people to the Busterburger, who will probably exhaust all the food reserves. Russell uses explosive means to dispose of them, then Drootin hijacks the drive-thru intercom to insult a black motorcycle police officer's race and profession, who drives off enraged as they were simply trying to grab lunch at Busterburger. A biker girl makes a pass at Russell, who refuses this but is mistaken by their boyfriend, who gets their gang to smash up the restaurant. A bunch of black cops arrive, not to arrest the bikers but also to take part caused by Drootin's earlier instigation. To underscore, Drootin attempts a cornfield meet with a poultry truck, who swerves into the ruined Busterburger to avoid a car crash. The students are disheartened that they will flunk out, but Russell gives a pep talk that there is no way they cannot handle being franchise owners after these mishaps, themselves now having come to accept the responsibility. Lyman Vunk appears, but is oblivious to the carnage, instead noticing one of the burnt chickens is ideal for their proposed new line of chicken sandwiches. Drootin gets demoted to picking up litter when they smear food on Vunk's suit by accident, and Russell begins a relationship with Mia. The film ends with Russell and their fellow students graduating from Busterburger University, where the funk singer ends the closing ceremony with their version of the company theme song.
Cast
Production
Hamburger: The Motion Picture began production on May 29, 1985. The film was shot at College of the Canyons in Valencia, California which portrayed Busterburger University in the film. The film later moved to Canoga Park to shoot scenes at the Campos Burritos restaurant and had to rebuild the restaurant after it is demolished in the film.
Release
Hamburger: The Motion Picture had its Los Angeles premiere on January 27, 1986 and opened later in New York on March 21, 1986.
Critical response
On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 15 out of 100, based on 4 critics, indicating "Overwhelming dislike". Michael Wilmington of The Los Angeles Times compared the film to the "dregs" of Animal House and Police Academy declaring it "another passel of daffy, goofy, sex-crazed guys; bosomy, moaning sex-starved girls; screaming nerds; yowling dimwits and howling bullies" concluding that the film should be titled "Motion Picture: The Hamburger". Bill Cosford of The Miami Herald made similar comparisons, stating that "like Police Academy and a dozen others before it, is essentially a basic-training sitcom with some softcore on the side." and proclaimed that the films script had "botched by a script aimed at just that segment of the audience that is theoretically banned from attending R-rated films." Walter Goodman of The New York Times found that the film was " mainly gags about food, such as getting it all over you, and sex, such as finding it under a table in a Chinese restaurant. There are also jokes about blacks, Latin Americans, religion in general and nuns in particular, overweight people and the alimentary canal. The result is plenty of irreverence but not much fun."
References
External links
1986 films
1986 independent films
1980s sex comedy films
1980s teen comedy films
American independent films
American sex comedy films
American teen comedy films
1980s English-language films
Films set in Los Angeles
Teen sex comedy films
1986 directorial debut films
Films shot in California
1980s American films
The House of Clocks () is an Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci.
Plot
A wealthy older couple is murdered during a robbery by three young perpetrators. The event results in a supernatural reversal of time, symbolized by the fast, counter-clockwise movement of hands on the house's many clocks. Eventually, this leads to the resurrection of the older couple, who subsequently seek to terrorize the three burglars.
An elderly couple, Vittorio and Sara Corsini, live in a rambling country house filled with clocks of all shapes and sizes. The couple's taciturn groundsman Peter is happy enough looking after the slavering pack of dogs the couple owns. But the maid Maria is becoming more and more suspicious of their sinister employers that they are hiding something. Sure enough, they discover the dead bodies of a money-grabbing nephew and their wife lying preserved in open coffins in the wine cellar. Maria is gorily killed by the elderly Sara in the greenhouse the next morning while announcing their plans to quit.
Meanwhile, three hoodlums, Diana, Tony and Paul are driving through the area and decide to rob the old couple's house after receiving a tip-off from a grocery store owner in a nearby town about the wealth it supposedly contains and the decrepitude of the owners. That evening, Diana cunningly talks their way into the household by pretending that their car has broken down nearby and asks to use the phone. Soon, the phone lines are cut by their male accomplices, and they force entry through an open window. Their plans to rob the old couple go badly wrong when Peter intervenes with their shotgun. A bloodbath ensues with Sara accidentally getting shot, Peter getting killed by Paul, and Vittorio attacks Tony, forcing Diana to shoot them dead. The young trio are horrified by this turn of events but decide to bundle the bodies away in a cupboard.
Initially, the dazed criminals fail to notice what effect the mayhem has had on all the clocks in the house. Each clock stops at 8:00 PM, the exact time the couple were killed. When they do notice, they try to leave, but are trapped indoors by the Doberman Pinschers let loose to prowl the grounds. Stranger still, the clocks begin to move in reverse, first slowly, then faster. The three decide to relax in the house overnight, and they head off upstairs to smoke some joints. Diana and Tony get a little too drawn into it and start to make out and soon begin to have sex.
Paul, left out of the lovemaking, wanders dejectedly downstairs. They discover the bloodstains on the dining room floor where the killings took place have disappeared, and then they see the bodies lying back where they'd fallen. Before they can alert the others, Paul is shot by an unseen figure stalking the house. Hearing the gunshot, Diana and Tony quickly dress and rush downstairs and see the old couple reanimate and advance towards them. In the kitchen, Diana is trapped by the old woman who grabs a knife and stabs them through the hand, pinning them to the kitchen table. Sara then retrieves a ring that Diana had stolen from their ring finger. Making a narrow escape, Diana and Tony find a severely wounded Paul in the cellar. (Note: illogical time distortions continue as Diana's hand heals up while Paul's injuries remain.) Diana and Tony escape from the cellar through a high window and emerge into the grounds. Paul is too injured to hoist themselves up to the window and is axed to death by the vengefully reanimated Peter. As the couple run across the grounds, now in daylight with the clocks in full reverse, Tony is pulled into a shallow grave by the corpse of Maria, the maid. They kill them with a wooden stick through their stomach before heading off to confront the old couple. Maria confronts the elderly couple in the wine cellar with murdering their nephew and their wife to remove them as their rightful heirs to the estate. Then, the niece and nephew finally revive and the old couple are killed again by their previous victims. Diana staggers away from the house.
Suddenly, Diana, Tony, and Paul awaken outside the country house in their car. Apparently all that happened to them was just a dream brought on with special intensity by the marijuana they've been smoking. Inside the house, the fully alive nephew and niece enjoy being alive again and are having their morning breakfast, with Maria the maid attending to them. The dead bodies of Vittorio and Sara are in the wine cellar, having been substituted for them.
Driving away from the house, Diana, Tony, and Paul remark on the astonishing similarities of their dreams of being at the house and time moving backward. A dead cat they picked up on the road earlier suddenly revives and attacks them, forcing Tony to crash their car off a cliff and killing them all again. Inexplicably, the car's clock and all the wristwatches on the bloodied and dead Diana, Tony, and Paul stop and begin to roll backward.
Cast
Keith Van Hoven as Tony
Karina Huff as Sandra
Paolo Paoloni as Vittorio Corsini
Bettine Milne as Sara Corsini
Peter Hintz as Paul
Carla Cassola as Maria
Al Cliver as Peter
Paolo Bernardi as The Nephew
Francesca DeRose as The Niece
Massimo Sarchielli as Storekeeper
Production
The House of Clocks is one of four films made for the Italian television series La case maledette (). The series was developed by Luciano Martino following the release of Brivido Giallo. The series was intended to be part of six films to be directed by Fulci, Umberto Lenzi and Lamberto Bava. Due to other commitments, Bava stepped out of the project to be replaced by Marcello Avallone, who also dropped out of the project leading to only four films being made. For their two films, Fulci asked to replace the two stories they were given with two of their own design. The films were shot on 16mm outside of Rome on a schedule of four weeks each. The House of Clocks was filmed in a villa in Torgiano between January 31 and February 25, 1989.
Release
Along with the other films made for La case maledette, The House of Clocks was shelved. When asked about the films being released in the early 1990s, Fulci responded that the series had been sold to elsewhere in the world, they would have to ask Reiteitalia when they would be shown in Italy. The films were only shown in 2000 in Italy when they were released on VHS thanks to the efforts of the magazine Nocturno Cinema. They were shown on Italian satellite television in 2006. The film was released on DVD in the United States by Shriek Show on November 19, 2002.
Fulci spoke very positively on their two films made for La case maledette, calling them "Fantastic! Excellent Filmmaking!" and that they were "Two of their best films [he'd] made!".
Critical response
Robert Firsching of AllMovie called the film "a credible addition to the director's oeuvre – sometimes reminiscent of Dolls or Pete Walker's creepy punishment gothics (Frightmare, House of Whipcord, etc.) – and fans should give it a look".
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Films directed by Lucio Fulci
Italian supernatural horror films
Italian zombie films
Italian television films
Horror television films
Films shot in Italy
Histria Ivory is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta, Malta.
History
Histria Ivory was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description
The Histria Ivory is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.
References
Ships built in Romania
2006 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
Olivia Hallisey is an American scientist at Stanford University. Previously, they attended Greenwich High School in Greenwich, Connecticut. While a junior in high school, they won first prize in the 2015 Google Science Fair for inventing a low-cost, rapid test for Ebola. The prize also came with $50,000. According to Hallisey, their test can be completed in as little as 30 minutes at a cost of $25, and, unlike existing ebola detection methods, does not require refrigeration. They became interested in fighting Ebola while watching the 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak in which thousands of people died.
References
Heather Won Tesoriero, The Class: A Life-Changing Teacher, Their World-Changing Kids, and the Most Inventive Classroom in America (2018) has several chapters on their high school career. excerpt
People from Greenwich, Connecticut
Living people
American women scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Greenwich High School alumni
Stanford University alumni
21st-century American women
Nikko Locastro (born September 16, 1988) is a professional disc golf player from St. Louis, Missouri. They have been playing the sport professionally since 2006. As of December 2020, Locastro is ranked 15th in the world, and has the 25th highest rating, currently at 1030. In 2009, and then again in 2010, they broke Barry Schultz's season winnings record. They were previously sponsored by Gateway Disc Golf, Dynamic Discs, Innova Discs, and Prodigy Disc. by Westside Discs through 2021, and as of December 27th 2021 announced that they are leaving Westside for the 2022 season. In 2011, Locastro was awarded the Player of the Year award, for the third consecutive year.
In 2022, they were disqualified at the European Open due to an incident involving Nikko threatening a tournament official. They were subsequently suspended by the PDGA for 9 months, followed by 15 months of probation.
Amateur career
Locastro ascended quickly through the amateur ranks. In 2004, they worked their way through divisions, starting in Juniors and ending in Advanced, where they would stay until turning pro in 2006. While they were not dominant as an amateur nationwide, they were competitive. In 2005, they placed 34th in the Bowling Green Amateur Championships, held in Bowling Green, Kentucky, the largest disc golf tournament in the world. 2006 was their best year as an amateur. They won three tournaments and finished third at Bowling Green and sixth at Worlds. After worlds, Locastro decided to play professionally.
Professional career
2009 season
Locastro's 2009 season is without a doubt their breakout season. In this season, they played 43 events and won 16 of them. Of these wins, six were A Tier tournament, and one was a National Tour event. Their most notable event, however, was their win in the United States Disc Golf Championship, their first major. Their win made them only the fifth different winner in this tournament. They also bested the previous record for earnings in a year, beating Barry Schultz's total by over $2,000.
2010 season
Somehow, Locastro improved upon their previous year. In fewer events, they managed more winnings, besting their previous record by nearly $4,000. In addition to earning more, they were much more consistent, finishing no lower than 13th. Among their fourteen wins were 5 A Tiers, a National Tour event, the Vibram Open, and their second major, the 2010 Japan Open, held in Tochigi, Nasu Highlands, Japan. They also finished second at the USDGC and Scandinavian Open, both majors.
2011 season
While no majors were won this year, Locastro still had a very solid year. In 31 events played as of November 11, they have won 15. Of these 15 wins, 5 were A tier, and two were National Tour events. One of the A Tier wins included the Stockholm Open, held in Stockholm, Sweden. This was Locastro's only international win in 2011. As of the September and August updates, Locastro's player rating reached 1045, at that time the second highest rating yet, behind David Feldberg's 1046.
2012 season
Locastro started out their 2012 season by winning the 13th annual Gentlemen's Club Classic. Averaging a 1070 rating over the three rounds, they took home $1,400 for their first A Tier win of the year. Shortly after on May 5–6, Locastro won their second A Tier win at the St. Louis Open tournament held annually each year. This years tournament took place at the Jefferson Barracks, Sioux Passage, and Endicott courses. Another notable win in 2012 was theirs in the "Ledgestone Insurance Championships Super Tour", where they took home $2,500 in winnings. Locastro finished 15th at World Championships.
Professional wins
Notable wins
Major, NT playoff record (1-0)
Summary
Annual statistics
The above information was gathered from Locastro's player page.
†At Year End
‡Includes Disc Golf Pro Tour Championship (not PDGA Sanctioned)
References
External links
Nikko Locastro Website
PDGA Stats Page
American disc golfers
Living people
1988 births
The Hart 1030 is a four-stroke, naturally aspirated, 3.0-litre, V10 racing engine, designed, developed and tuned by Brian Hart of Hart Racing Engines, between and . It was the last engine to be tuned and made by Hart, and the last engine to use design knowledge and technological property of Hart Racing Engines. It produced , and was used solely by the Arrows team, but proved to be unsuccessful. The best results for the engine were a 4-6 finish at Monaco for Mika Salo and Pedro Diniz (respectively), a 5th-place finish for Pedro Diniz at infamous rain-soaked Belgian Grand Prix, and a 6th-place finish for Pedro de la Rosa at Australia, in 1999.
Applications
Arrows A19
Arrows A20
References
V10 engines
Formula One engines
Serrano Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football soccer club, founded in 1983, from Serra Talhada, Pernambuco.
Honours
Pernambuco Championship 2nd level runner-up: 2003
Campeonato do Interior: 2005
Appearances in competitions
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2004 to 2008
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 2005
Website
https://web.archive.org/web/20080203110454/http://www.serranope.com.br/
Association football clubs established in 1983
Football clubs in Pernambuco
1983 establishments in Brazil
The Amazonian streaked antwren (Myrmotherula multostriata) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in South America where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
Taxonomy
The Amazonian streaked antwren was described and illustrated by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1858 and given its current binomial name Myrmotherula multostriata.
Description
The Amazonian streaked antwren is about long and is very similar in appearance to the Guianan streaked antwren (Myrmotherula surinamensis) and the Pacific antwren (Myrmotherula pacifica), and for a long time they were considered to be conspecific; however, there are some differences in the plumage and the vocalizations of each are distinctive. The male Amazonian streaked antwren has a black head, black upper parts streaked with white, a semi-concealed white dorsal patch, and black wings with two white bars. The underparts are white streaked with black. The female has an orange-rufous crown and nape but otherwise the upper parts are similar to the male. Them underparts are ochre with fine black streaks and a paler belly. The song is more musical than that of the Guianan streaked antwren. It also utters various trills and call notes.
Distribution and habitat
The Amazonian streaked antwren occurs in eastern Colombia, southern Venezuela, eastern Ecuador, eastern Peru, and western and central Brazil. The northernmost boundary of its range coincides with the Amazon River and the lower stretches of its left-bank tributary, the Rio Negro. The southernmost boundary is Mato Grosso and northern Bolivia. Its typical habitat is the undergrowth and middle storey of seasonally-flooded forest, swamps and the vicinity of rivers. It typically forages for spiders, caterpillars and other small invertebrate prey in pairs or small groups. Its maximum altitude is around .
Conservation status
The Amazonian streaked antwren has a very wide range and is said to be fairly common in suitable habitat. The population trend is thought to be stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the bird's conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Further reading
Amazonian streaked antwren
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Amazonian streaked antwren
Amazonian streaked antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 18th Congress of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 10–21 March 1939 in Moscow. It elected the 18th Central Committee.
This is the first Congress to be dominated by the "purified" leadership of the Soviet Union after the Great Purge. This would be the last one held for over a decade.
In the report on the work of the 17th Central Committee of the Communist Party Stalin outlined important aspects of the foreign policy of the USSR, particularly its disappointment with the western democracies and their failure to adopt the policy of collective security advocated by Soviet foreign minister Maxim Litvinov. Shortly after this, Stalin dismissed Litvinov and appointed Vyacheslav Molotov, a move that led to the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and a temporary understanding with Nazi Germany.
Agenda of the Congress
Stalin: Report of the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)
Mikhail Fedorovich Vladimirski: Report of the Central Revision Committee
Dmitry Zakharovich Manuilski: Report of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) Delegation to the Executive Committee of the Communist International
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov: Report on the Third Five-Years Plan for the Development of the National Economy of the USSR
Andrey Aleksandrovich Zhdanov: Changes in the Statutes of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)
Election of the Commission in Charge of Changes in the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) Program
Election to the Central Organs of the Party
Decisions of the Congress
The report of the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) consisted of an analysis of the internal and international situation of the country, as well as its future development perspectives. The Congress took note of the now prevailing socialist mode of production and considered socialism in the USSR to be largely built, while in its view the country was already sailing towards a new step of development, i.e. the completion of the socialist society. A new goal was set: to catch and get ahead of the most developed capitalistic States. The report also tackled theoretical questions regarding the stages of development and functions of the socialist State, and viewed as erroneous the idea that the State would be soon extinct.
The Congress sanctioned the new Party's statute which was supposed to reflect changes in the class structure of the Soviet society. A unified set of conditions for entry in the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was implemented, as well as a one-year probation period. An exception was made for former members of other parties, to which these conditions would not apply. The division into separate categories depending on each individual's social class origin was abolished. Articles defining new rights for the Party's members were also added.
The Congress also confirmed the third five-years plan for the development of the Soviet economy.
Elected during the Congress
Central Committee: 71 members, 68 candidates to Central Committee membership
Central Revision Committee: 13 members
Party Control Commission: 187 members
References
External links
The Land of Socialism Today and Tomorrow: Reports and Speeches at the Eighteenth Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (Bolsheviks). March 10-21, 1939
Eighteenth Congress of the CPSU (Bolshevik) in The Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd Edition (1970-1979).
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 18
Congress
1939 conferences
March 1939 events
Kirchdorf an der Amper is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria Germany, on the Amper River.
References
Freising (district)
The women's long jump event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 16–17 August.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification: 6.25 m (Q) or at least 12 best (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
Qualification Group A results
Qualification Group B results
Final results
Long
2011 in women's athletics
2011
The Threnody of Triumph is the third studio album by the English black metal band Winterfylleth, released on 25 September 2012 through Candlelight Records.
Background and recording
The English black metal band Winterfylleth formed in Manchester in 2006 and released two albums—The Ghost of Heritage (2008) and The Mercian Sphere (2010)—before The Threnody of Triumph. The Threnody of Triumph was recorded at Foel Studios and produced by Chris Fielding.
Music and lyrics
A threnody is an ode about someone who has died, and Chris Naughton of Winterfylleth describes The Threnody of Triumph as an album about celebrating the lives of deceased loved ones. The aim was to combine a sense loss and celebration, which the band tried to do by contrasting the darkness of fast-played black metal with soaring lead singing and vocal harmonies. According to Naughton, the album has a spiritual theme related to "how our ancestors viewed spirituality in the sense of how the soul and the body were connected", and was made with an ambition to engage listeners socially by evoking history.
Release
The track "Void of Light" debuted on BBC Radio 1's Rock Show. Candlelight Records released The Threnody of Triumph on 25 September 2012.
Reception
Metal.des Christoph wrote that Winterfylleth combines dense atmosphere and the speed and roughness of 1990s Norwegian black metal with clean vocals and influences from folk music, which is not innovative but has established the band as a major act within its genre. They wrote that The Threnody of Triumph differs from the two previous albums by being more "thoughtful and settled, less furious and warlike". Toby Cook of Metal Hammer said Winterfylleth's sound has not changed much between albums and is close to the early works of Enslaved. In their review for AllMusic, Eduardo Rivadavia said the added influences from classical music make The Threnody of Triumph sound similar to Windir's music.
Track listing
All tracks are written by Simon Lucas and Chris Naughton.
References
2012 albums
Candlelight Records albums
Peter A. Velis (born October 8, 1942) is a former American judge who served on the Massachusetts Superior Court from 1999 to 2012. From 1973 to 1979 they were a Republican state legislator who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, representing the Fifth Hampden district from Westfield, Massachusetts.
References
1942 births
Living people
Boston University alumni
Massachusetts Republicans
Massachusetts state court judges
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
People from Westfield, Massachusetts
Suffolk University Law School alumni
Ultramontanism is a clerical political conception within the Catholic Church that places strong emphasis on the prerogatives and powers of the Pope. It contrasts with Gallicanism, the belief that popular civil authority—often represented by the monarch's or state's authority—over the Church is comparable to that of the Pope.
History
The term descends from the Middle Ages, when a non-Italian pope was said to be papa ultramontano – a pope from beyond the mountains (the Alps). Foreign students at medieval Italian universities also were referred to as ultramontani.
After the Protestant Reformation in France, the concept was revived but with its directionality reversed to indicate the man "beyond the mountains" in Italy: the Pope. The term ultramontain was used to refer to Catholics who supported papal authority in French affairs – as opposed to the Gallican and Jansenist factions, who did not – and was intended as an insult implying lack of patriotism. From the 17th century, ultramontanism became closely associated with the Jesuits.
In the 18th century the term came to refer to supporters of the Church in any conflict between church and state. In Austria ultramontanists were opposed to Josephinism, and in Germany to Febronianism. In Great Britain and Ireland ultramontanists resisted Cisalpinism, which favored concessions to the Protestant state in order to achieve Catholic emancipation.
In eighteenth-century Spain, the Bourbon monarchs began implementing policies of regalism, which expanded the power of the monarchy and sought to bring the Catholic Church under its jurisdiction in all matters except the spiritual sphere. Charles III of Spain's ministers, Count of Floridablanca and the Count of Campomanes rejected the arguments of the ultramontanists that the Church had inalienable rights in the secular sphere. The regalist reforms that the Spanish crown sought to implement were not completely successful, and the resistance to them were attributed to support for the Society of Jesus, which had been expelled from the Spanish Empire in 1767, but prior to that were educators.
In Canada, the majority of Catholic clergy despised the French Revolution and its anti-clerical bias and looked to Rome for both spiritual and political guidance. There were many laypeople and laywomen who supported these ideals as key to preserving Canadian institutions and values. For this reason they were called ultramontanists. The ultramontanes distrusted both the Protestant anglophone and francophone politicians, but the Church found it easier to deal with British governors, who appreciated the role of the Church in containing dissent, than with the francophone liberal professionals who were secularists.
First Vatican Council
According to Catholic academic Jeffrey P. von Arx,The threat to the Catholic Church and the papacy through the 19th century was real, and the church's reaction to that threat was understandable. Indeed, the church remained threatened on all sides. On the left, secular liberals sought to reduce or eliminate the role of the church in public life and civil society (by suppressing church schools, for example, and expelling religious congregations). The more radical heirs of the revolution and the socialists and communists into whom they evolved remained committed to the church's utter destruction. But the threat was also from the nationalist right. Otto von Bismarck's Kulturkampf was aimed directly at the Catholic Church, imposing state supervision of Catholic schools and seminaries and government appointment of bishops with no reference to Rome.
The response was a condemnation of Gallicanism as heretical: [W]e condemn and reject the opinions of those who hold that this communication of the supreme head with pastors and flocks may be lawfully obstructed; or that it should be dependent on the civil power, which leads them to maintain that what is determined by the apostolic see or by its authority concerning the government of the church, has no force or effect unless it is confirmed by the agreement of the civil authority.
The Council also asserted papal primacy. In July 1870, it issued the Dogmatic constitution Pastor aeternus, defining four doctrines of the Catholic faith: the apostolic primacy conferred on Peter, the perpetuity of this primacy in the Roman pontiffs, the meaning and power of the papal primacy, and Papal infallibility. [W]e teach and declare that, by divine ordinance, the Roman Church possesses a pre-eminence of ordinary power over every other Church, and that this jurisdictional power of the Roman Pontiff is both episcopal and immediate. Both clergy and faithful, of whatever rite and dignity, both singly and collectively, are bound to submit to this power by the duty of hierarchical subordination and true obedience, and this not only in matters concerning faith and morals, but also in those which regard the discipline and government of the Church throughout the world."
Von Arx compares this to "...the great empires and national states of the 19th century, which used new means of communication and transportation to consolidate power, enforce unity and build bureaucracies." "Cardinal Henry Edward Manning in Great Britain thought unity and discipline within the church were of the utmost importance in protecting the church and advancing its interests in a liberal, democratic state, and so they were one of the strongest advocates of the ultramontane position." The English bishops at the Council were characterized by their ultramontanism and described as "being more Catholic than the Pope himself".
Reaction
Other Christian groups outside the Catholic Church declared this as the triumph of what they termed "the heresy of ultramontanism". It was specifically decried in the "Declaration of the Catholic Congress at Munich", in the Theses of Bonn, and in the Declaration of Utrecht, which became the foundational documents of Old Catholics (Altkatholische) who split with Rome over the declaration on infallibility and supremacy, joining the Old Episcopal Order Catholic See of Utrecht, which had been independent from Rome since 1723.
As with previous pronouncements by the pope, liberals across Europe were outraged by the doctrine of infallibility and many countries reacted with laws to counter the influence of the church.
The term "ultramontanism" was revived during the French Third Republic (1870–1940) as a pejorative way to describe policies that went against laïcité, a concept rooted in the French Revolution. The French philosopher Jacques Maritain noted the distinction between the models found in France and the separation of church and state in the United States in the mid-twentieth century. They considered the US model of that time to be more amicable because it had both "sharp distinction and actual cooperation" between church and state, what they called "an historical treasure" and admonished the United States, "Please to God that you keep it carefully, and do not let your concept of separation veer round to the European one."
After Italian Unification and the abrupt (and unofficial) end of the First Vatican Council in 1870 because of the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War, the ultramontanist movement and the opposing conciliarism became obsolete to a large extent. However, some very extreme tendencies of a minority of adherents to ultramontanism – especially those attributing to the Roman pontiff, even in their private opinions, absolute infallibility even in matters beyond faith and morals, and impeccability – survived and were eagerly used by opponents of the Catholic Church and papacy before the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965) for use in their propaganda. These extreme tendencies, however, were never supported by the First Vatican Council's dogma of 1870 of papal infallibility and primacy, but were rather inspired by erroneous private opinions of some Roman Catholic laypeople who tend to identify themselves completely with the Holy See.
At the Second Vatican Council's Dogmatic Constitution on the Church Lumen gentium, the Roman Catholic Church's teaching on the authority of the pope, bishops and councils was further elaborated. The post-conciliar position of the Apostolic See did not deny any of the previous doctrines of papal infallibility or papal primacy; rather, it shifted emphasis from structural and organizational authority to doctrinal teaching authority (also known as the magisterium). Papal magisterium, i.e. papal teaching authority, was defined in lumen gentium No. 25 and later codified in the 1983 revision of Canon Law.
Controversy
Some, such as the former Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, claim the Catholic Social Teaching of subsidiarity can overrun ultramontanism and has the potential to decentralize the Roman Catholic Church, whereas others defend it as merely a bureaucratic adjustment to give more pastoral responsibility to local bishops and priests of local parishes.
Challenges to ultramontanism have remained strong within and outside Roman jurisdiction. Ultramontanism has particularly overshadowed ecumenical work between the Roman Catholic Church and both Lutherans and Anglicans. The joint Anglican-Roman Catholic International Consultation published The Gift of Authority in 1999, highlights agreements and differences on these issues.
Position of other traditional churches
Ultramontanism is distinct from the positions adopted by the other traditional churches, particularly the Anglican communion, Eastern Orthodox communion, the Oriental Orthodox communion, the Old Catholic Church, or the Church of the East. These churches regard the pope as having been primus inter pares when the churches were united in full communion, and generally still acknowledge that status today, albeit in an impaired form due to disunity; similarly they do not recognize the doctrines of infallibility or the pope's alleged universal jurisdiction over patriarchates and autocephalous churches other than that of Rome itself, except insofar as this is part of the concept of primus inter pares.
In the joint agreed statement "The Gift of Authority" (1999) the Anglican Communion and the Roman Catholic church were agreed on the collegial nature of the life and work of bishops. Similarly both churches acknowledged the role of episcopal primacy within the college of bishops. On the question of the universal primacy of the Pope, the joint report found common ground, and stated that a "particular conclusion" of their discussions had been "that Anglicans be open to and desire a recovery and re-reception under certain clear conditions of the exercise of universal primacy by the Bishop of Rome"; nonetheless a clear distinction remained between the Anglican view of a universal primacy exercised within a universal collegiality, and the Roman Catholic view of a universal primacy with actual universal jurisdiction.
See also
References
External links
The Gift of Authority (Eternal Word Television Network)
History of the Catholic Church
Catholicism and far-right politics
Political terminology
Conservatism in France
Reactionary
Catholic terminology
Conservatism in Canada
Papal primacy
Christianity and political ideologies
Rocky Lane is a locality in northern Alberta, Canada surrounding the Boyer 164 Indian reserve of the Beaver First Nation. It is located south of Highway 58, east of High Level.
Amenities
The Rocky Lane area features the Rocky Lane Community Hall, completed and opened by the Rocky Lane Agricultural Society in 2011, and the Rocky Lane Nordic Ski Club, which features of cross-country ski trails and equipment rentals. The Machesis Lake Provincial Recreation Area, located to the southwest of Rocky Lane, consists of a lake, day use sites, and overnight campsites.
References
Communities on Indian reserves in Alberta
Olivier Sajous (born 4 February 1987) is a Haitian tennis player.
Sajou has a career high ATP singles ranking of 508 achieved on 9 May 2011. They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of 996 achieved on 15 November 2010.
Sajous represented Haiti at the Davis Cup, where they had a W/L record of 22–16.
Future and Challenger finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles 1 (0–1)
External links
1987 births
Living people
Haitian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Port-au-Prince
Tennis players at the 2011 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Haiti
The discography of the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan consists of five studio albums, six live albums, one remix album, eleven compilations, one soundtrack album, 23 singles, and around 22 live video recordings.
Founded in 1982 by vocalist Toshi and drummer Yoshiki, X Japan started out as a power/speed metal band and later gravitated towards a progressive sound with an emphasis on ballads. With the member line-up including bassist Taiji and guitarists hide and Pata since 1987, X released their debut studio album Vanishing Vision on Yoshiki's own record label Extasy Records the following year. They then achieved breakthrough success with their second album and major label debut, Blue Blood, in 1989. It was followed by the million-selling Jealousy (1991), which is the band's most diverse album in terms of songwriting credits. In 1992, the band changed their name to X Japan and bassist Taiji left the group, being replaced by Heath. The mini-album Art of Life was released in 1993, composed solely of the 29-minute title track. Their last album Dahlia was released in 1996, and the following year the band decided to break up. However, after ten years, X Japan reunited in 2007 and recorded the new song "I.V.". They officially recruited lead guitarist Sugizo to fill-in for the deceased hide two years later and in 2011 had their first worldwide release, the digital single "Jade". Shortly after reuniting, work began on their sixth studio album. During its ten years of production, several release dates were announced, but it remains unreleased despite being completed in September 2018.
Besides being one of the first Japanese acts to achieve mainstream success while on an independent label, the band is widely credited as one of the pioneers of visual kei, a movement among Japanese musicians comparable to Western glam. X Japan have sold millions of records in Japan, claiming un-certified sales of over 30 million.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Soundtrack albums
Singles
Notes
1.The numbers are purely based on RIAJ certifications
Various artists compilations
VHS / LD / DVD / Blu-ray
Demos
Unreleased songs
"Angel"
Performed for the first time at the Yokohama Arena show on 2015.
"Feel Me Tonight"
Lyrics by Yoshiki, music by Hally.
"Install"
Also known as "Feels Damage".
"Kill the Violence"
"Kiss the Sky"
Planned to be included on the band's unreleased album.
"L'arme"
Left-over from the Jealousy album. Part of the song was performed in 2015.
"Only Way"
Lyrics by Jun and Toshi, music by Jun.
"Right Now"
Written by Jun.
"Rockstar"
Planned to be included on the band's unreleased album.
"Steal Your Heart"
"Tuneup Baby"
Written by Jun.
"White Poem II"
Sequel to "White Poem I" from the Dahlia album.
Other
Gekitotsu!! – Color, January 1988
X appear as guests.
Tokyo Pop, April 15, 1988
X makes a brief cameo appearance.
"Kurenai (Original Japanese Version)", June 1988, Extasy
A flexi disc included in an issue of Rockin' f magazine. Contrary to the title the lyrics are mostly in English. This version does not appear anywhere else.
Bosutsu! VOS No.9, November 5, 1988
VHS that came with a magazine. Live clips of X from September 4, 1988 are shown and Yoshiki is interviewed.
Symphonic Blue Blood, August 21, 1991
Symphonic album, performed by the Tokyo Academic Chamber Orchestra.
Unrivaled is Extasy ~ Extasy Summit '91 at Nippon Budokan, February 21, 1992, Extasy
Live recordings of a 1991 Extasy Summit, held by Extasy Records. Also features Tokyo Yankees, Virus, Luna Sea and several others.
Symphonic Silent Jealousy, August 26, 1992
Symphonic album, performed by the Tokyo Academic Chamber Orchestra.
Orchestra Selection - Blue Blood & Jealousy, November 21,1992
Symphonic album, performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
Minna ga Mumei-Datta, Dakedo... Muteki-Datta ~ Extasy Summit 1992, May 10, 1993, Extasy
Live recordings of the October 31, 1992 Extasy Summit, held by Extasy Records. X does not perform together, but the members do perform with other acts. Also features Luna Sea, Deep, Media Youth, The Zolge, Tokyo Yankees, Screaming Mad George and Psychosis, Gilles de Rais, Zi:Kill and several others.
X Japan Virtual Shock 001, October 20, 1995, Sega
Video game for the Sega Saturn home console. The player takes the role of a fan disguised as a photographer backstage at X Japan's December 31, 1994 concert at the Tokyo Dome (Shiroi Yoru). After collecting several items to gain access and photograph the band members, the player edits a live video of "Rusty Nail" and the game ends with footage from the concert.
X Japan on Piano, May 25, 1998
Symphonic album, performed by an ensemble of several recognized classical musicians.
Rose & Blood -Indies of X-, May 2, 2001
Unofficial compilation album featuring demos from the Jealousy album sessions. The band is credited as "iX".
Global Metal, June 20, 2008
Various live clips of X are shown and Yoshiki is interviewed.
We Are X, January 23, 2016
Documentary about X Japan and Yoshiki.
References
External links
X Japan discography at Discogs
X Japan discography on iTunes
Discography
Discographies of Japanese artists
Heavy metal group discographies
Minuscule 619 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 57 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the 984. The manuscript has complex contents. Tischendorf labelled it by 148a and 184p.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Pauline epistles on 342 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 15 lines per page for the biblical text, 46 lines per page for a commentary.
It contains Prolegomena, numbers of the (chapters) at the margin, the (titles) at the top, and a commentary.
The order of books: Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. Hebrews is placed after Epistle to Philemon.
Text
The Greek text of the codex Aland did not place in any Category.
History
The manuscript was written in A.D. 984, Indict 12, by Theophylact, priest and doctor of law. It once belonged to the Benedictine Library of St. Mary. It was examined by Bernard de Montfaucon.
Formerly it was labelled by 148a and 184p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 619 to it.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Johann Martin Augustin Scholz. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Laurentian Library (Conv. Supr. 191), at Florence.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 620
References
Further reading
Bernard de Montfaucon, Palaeographia graeca (1708), p. 282.
Kirsopp Lake & Silva Lake, Dated Greek Minuscule Manuscripts to the Year 1200, Boston IV, 155.
Greek New Testament minuscules
10th-century biblical manuscripts
Dharampur is a village in Bishnupur CD Block in Bishnupur subdivision of Bankura district in the state of West Bengal, India
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Dharampur had a total population of 1,239 of which 637 (60%) were males and 602 (50%) were females. The total number of households in Dharampur was 272. Total area of this village was 131.52 hectares.
Transport
The Bishnupur-Sonamukhi Road passes through Dharampur.
Healthcare
Bhara Public Health Centre functions as the central facility in Bhara. The villagers take free medicine and treatment from this hospital.
References
Villages in Bankura district
John Home (1722–1808) was a Scottish writer.
John Home may also refer to:
John Home, Lord Renton (died 1671), Lord Justice Clerk
John Home Home (c. 1797–1860), officer of the British Army
Sir John Home, 2nd Baronet (died 1695) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 1st Baronet (died 1675) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 2nd Baronet (died 1706) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 3rd Baronet (c. 1730) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 5th Baronet (died 1737) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 9th Baronet (1829–1849) of the Home baronets
Sir John Home, 12th Baronet (1872–1938) of the Home baronets
See also
John Hume (disambiguation)
Richard G. Fecteau (born 1927) of Lynn, Massachusetts is a Central Intelligence Agency operative who was captured by operatives of the People's Republic of China during a CIA-sponsored flight over mainland China during the Korean War. News of the capture of Fecteau and John T. Downey reached the United States in November 1954, sparking a nearly two decade battle of wills between the U.S. and the PRC. Fecteau was released in December 1971. They later worked as an assistant athletic director at their alma mater, Boston University, retiring in 1989.
CIA career
They joined the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) soon after Boston University and became one of two CIA Paramilitary Officers in Special Activities Division (the other was John Downey, a Yale graduate) who survived the shoot-down of their mission over the People's Republic of China in November 1952. Both were captured and spent approximately the next two decades in Chinese prisons before release.
Due to improving U.S.-China relations, Fecteau and Mary Ann Harbert, who was captured on a yacht in Chinese waters near Hong Kong in April 1968, were released on 13 December 1971, crossing the land border into Hong Kong where they were received by U.S. consular officials. Harbert and Fecteau were flown by helicopter to Kai Tak Airport and then boarded a United States Air Force aeromedical evacuation jet and flown to Clark Air Base, Hawaii and then on to McGuire Air Force Base.
Harbert and Fecteau were taken to Valley Forge Military Hospital for medical evaluation. Fecteau was reported to be having difficulty adjusting to their release, being uncommunicative after having spent most of the preceding 19 years in solitary confinement.
Throughout their captivity the U.S. had denied that they were a CIA agent. On hearing news of their release, their ex-wife Margaret (who had divorced them in 1951) stated that "the Chinese haven't been lying" about them being a CIA agent, but they recanted the statement the next day. However U.S. officials disclosed privately that they no longer denied the Chinese charges that they were a spy. In a press conference on 15 December they said that they had never given up hope of release, but had got so used to solitary confinement that they were unused to speaking, when asked if they were a CIA agent they replied "no comment."
In an official statement made by Xinhua News Agency at the time of their release, the Chinese government said that Fecteau was a CIA spy but that given that they had admitted their crimes during trial and their behavior was not bad in accordance with the proletarian policy of leniency they were being released prior to the end of their 20 year sentence.
In 2013, the CIA awarded Fecteau the Distinguished Intelligence Cross. The CIA's Studies in Intelligence, vol. 50, no. 4, 2006 included an article describing the mission, the capture, and, ultimately, the release of agents Downey and Fecteau. A related video documentary was placed on the CIA website.
References
External links
Two CIA Prisoners in China, 1952–73
1927 births
Living people
American people convicted of spying for the United States
American people imprisoned abroad
Boston University Terriers football players
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
Prisoners and detainees of the People's Republic of China
Recipients of the Intelligence Medal of Merit
Woolner is an upper middle class suburb of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
History
Woolner was named after the Woolner (Wulna, Djeramanga) Aboriginal tribal group which occupied the area east of Darwin when the town was founded in 1869.
References
External links
Darwin map
Woolner: Suburb Profile
Suburbs of Darwin, Northern Territory
History of the Northern Territory
Beverly Schmidt Blossom (August 28, 1926 – November 1, 2014) was an American modern dancer, choreographer and teacher. They were an original member and soloist with the Alwin Nikolais Dance Theater, a modern dance choreographer for Illinois Dance Theatre, Blossom & Co. and others, and a Professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Training
Born in Chicago, Illinois to Theodore and Florence Schmidt, they held a bachelor's degree in liberal arts from Roosevelt University and a master's degree in dance from Sarah Lawrence College where performance artist Meredith Monk was one of their dance composition students.
New York career
They were a principal dancer of the Alwin Nikolais Dance Theatre from 1953–63, dancing alongside Murray Louis and Phyllis Lamhut. They produced concerts of their own choreography in New York in the 1960s, participating in the development of the Filmstage theatre of actor/poet Roberts Blossom, their husband from 1966-70.
University of Illinois
Blossom was Professor of Dance at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1967–90, and was a Professor Emerita until their death. They choreographed and performed more than 100 works and received numerous grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, New York State Council for the Arts, Illinois Arts Council, and private foundations.
Solo career
They renewed their career as a performer, presenting their solo works at the 1988 Jacob's Pillow, Massachusetts "Splash" Festival, and at the Joyce Theatre 1989 showcase "Womanworks".
New York Times reviews
Jennifer Dunning of The New York Times called Blossom "a rare performer", adding "a zany, hilarious goof of a clown, Miss Blossom is also a tragic figure of great dignity, bringing an audience to tears and laughter as their dances ravel and unravel, simultaneously, before one's eyes" (1985).
In 1994 Anna Kisselgoff described Blossom's tribute to their mentor Nikolais after their death: "Here, they are the tattered clown with a suitcase, gazing at a shattered Styrofoam mannekin. Reassembling the figure, they swept it into a soaring curve. but this was only a remembrance of poetic time past, a strong tribute to the death of an artist."
Documentary of Roberts Blossom
Blossom appeared in a documentary about their former husband, actor Roberts Blossom in 2000, titled, Full Blossom: The Life and Times of Actor/Poet Roberts Blossom. The couple had one son, Michael.
Retirement
After their retirement, they choreographed for their own company (Blossom & Co. Inc.), in addition to guest performing and teaching. In December 2010, they appeared in the Nikolais Centennial Alumni Concerts at Hunter College, speaking and performing at both presentations.
Blossom was a mentor to Henning Rübsam, who first studied with them at the Nikolais studio and then performed their work starting in 1994. Other interpreters of Blossom's dances have included Betsy Fisher, Cynthia Pipkin-Doyle and Christine Reisner.
Awards
1993: New York Dance and Performance Award (Bessie Award) for sustained achievement.
2009: Martha Hill Award for Lifetime Achievement, November 30, 2009 at The Cathedral in New York City. Fellow Nikolais dancer Murray Louis was Master of Ceremonies and Jennifer Dunning presented the award.
Death
Beverly Blossom died in Chicago, Illinois on November 1, 2014, from cancer, aged 88. Them sole immediate survivor is their son, Michael Blossom.
References
1926 births
2014 deaths
Artists from Chicago
Modern dancers
American choreographers
Roosevelt University alumni
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Bessie Award winners
Deaths from cancer in Illinois
Luís Arias (born June 12, 1990) is an American professional boxer.
Amateur career
Arias are born in Milwaukee to a Nicaraguan mother and a Cuban father. They took up boxing at 8, at the United Community Center under Israel "Shorty" Acosta. They were the 2008 and 2010 U.S. national champion at middleweight. He's also won a gold medal at the National PAL Champion, an AIBA Youth World Championships bronze medal, and a silver medal at the National Golden Gloves. Arias finished their amateur career with an impressive record of 140–25.
Professional career
Arias is a promotional free agent, working most recently with Mayweather Promotions. Arias made their debut in November 2012, beating Josh Thorpe via unanimous decision in a four-round bout. In August 2016, Arias defeated Darryl Cunninham for the USBA middleweight title. Arias fought Arif Magomedov on the undercard of Ward-Kovalev II. Arias dropped Magomedov with a right hand in round 5. Magomedov got up, but after Arias landed another big shot, the referee stopped the contest to give Arias a TKO victory.
In 2017, Arias fought Daniel Jacobs on November 11 at the Nassau Coliseum. The fight served as one of the final main event boxing matches on HBO. Jacobs defeated Arias by unanimous decision. Per Nielsen Media Research, Jacobs-Arias was among the top 20 most watched premium cable fights in 2017. After the Jacobs fight, Arias and Roc Nation amicably parted ways. In 2018, Arias squared off against two-time world title challenger Gabriel Rosado live on DAZN and the two battled to a split draw.
After suffering a points loss to Luke Keeler in Belfast in 2019, Arias rebounded to secure their first win in almost 4 years, when they beat Jarrett Hurd by split decision on June 6, 2021, in Miami on the undercard of Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Logan Paul.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Profile
American boxers of Cuban descent
American boxers of Latin American descent
American people of Nicaraguan descent
Nicaraguan boxers
Winners of the United States Championship for amateur boxers
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Middleweight boxers
1990 births
Living people
American male boxers
Vahbbiz Dorabjee is an Indian television actor and model.
Career
Vahbiz Dorabjee made their television debut with the television serial Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani, playing the role of Panchi Dobriyal. from 18 October 2010 to 15 December 2011. In 2013 they played the role of Alak in the television series Saraswatichandra. They have won an award for the best supporting role in 2011 for Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani. They were part of the television series Bahu Hamari Rajni Kant, where they played the role of Maggie Kant.
Personal life
They were born in Pune, Maharashtra into a Parsi family. Them father name is Jehangir Dorabjee and mother name is Firoza Dorabjee. They are known entrepreneurs of Pune.
In 2013, Dorabjee married their Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani co-star Vivian Dsena.
They got divorced in 2017.
Television
Showbiz with Vahbiz
Vahbiz Dorabjee hosted the web show "Showbiz with Vahbiz", in which various TV actors were interviewed. It was more like a fun talk show. The showbiz was powered by IWMBuzz and aired on YouTube in 2017.
See also
List of Indian television actores
References
External links
Living people
Parsi people
Actresses from Pune
Indian television actores
Actresses in Hindi television
21st-century Indian actores
1985 births
Pier Martire or Pier Martino Armani (January 14, 1613 – July 10, 1699) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. They were born and worked in Reggio.
They trained as a pupil of Leonello Spada and Sebastiano Vercellesi. They were one of the artists called to decorate the Basilica della Ghiara in Modena.
References
Sources
1613 births
1699 deaths
People from Reggio Emilia
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Modena
Italian Baroque painters
Jill Lynette Cordes (born December 29, 1969 in Pullman, Washington) writes the Fearless Feisty Mama blog for Parents Magazine. They began their television career as a reporter in Rapid City, South Dakota. They became a general assignment reporter for KSFY-TV in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, then served as the morning anchor at KETV in Omaha, Nebraska, and eventually to Minneapolis, Minnesota as a reporter for WCCO-TV. Cordes was one of the original four finalists to serve as co-host to Barbara Walters on The View in 1999. They were hosted of the award-winning show The Best Of on the Food Network for six years, hosted HGTV program My First Place and appeared in a slew of other shows and webisodes including My First Baby.
 They are a graduate of Penn State University, where they earned a Bachelor of Arts in journalism in 1992. They also earned a minor in political science.
Cordes lives with their husband Phil Johnston in Park Slope, Brooklyn after having lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
References
External links
Fearless Feisty Mama
Jill Cordes' official website
American television journalists
American women television journalists
People from Pullman, Washington
People from Park Slope
Donald P. Bellisario College of Communications alumni
1969 births
Living people
Journalists from New York City
People from the Upper West Side
21st-century American women
Sacchin may refer to:
Christopher Sacchin (born 1983), Italian swimmer
Sacchin, a member of Maria (Japanese band)
A nickname for Sayoko Nanamori, a character from RahXephon
A nickname for Satsuki Yumizuka, a character from Tsukihime
Downs Chapel is an unincorporated community in Kent County, Delaware, United States. Downs Chapel is located at the intersection of Delaware Route 300 and Downs Chapel Road, west of Kenton.
History
Downs Chapel's population was 30 in 1890, 34 in 1900, and 20 in 1960.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kent County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Mount Whiteaves is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after Whiteaves, Joseph Frederick.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Whiteaves
Whiteaves
Canadian Rockies
Irene "Marjorie" Savidge became Irene Gentle (9 June 1905 – 26 March 1985) was a British factory worker and subject of police interrogation who became involved in a scandal. A charge of indecency against them and Sir Leo Chiozza Money was dismissed by magistrates, but they were later detained again and subjected to a five-hour interrogation by male officers. Them complaints led to a public inquiry concerning police procedures and later a royal commission.
Life
Savidge was born in Tottenham in 1905. They became a radio valve-tester in New Southgate and was engaged to Frank Gentle.
In November 1927, they were introduced to the 57 year old Sir Leo Chiozza Money who was married and had been a government minister. Over the next few months they would go out together to the theatre or for dinner. Savidge's parents, Alice and John Savidge were aware of their friendship. On 23 April 1928, they went for a meal together and afterwards they went to Hyde Park. Officers of the Metropolitan Police arrested them, claiming that they were engaged in mutual masturbation and that Money's genitals were in view. Money claimed that they had been offering Savidge advice on their career. They were both arrested and charged with indecent behaviour, but the case was dismissed by the Marlborough Street magistrate, who awarded costs of £10 against the police.
At the time of their arrest, Money protested to the police that they were "a man of substance" and, once in custody, was permitted to telephone the Home Secretary, Sir William Joynson-Hicks. The two were released and then the Director of Public Prosecutions, Sir Archibald Bodkin suspected police perjury and asked for further investigation. Bodkin appointed an experienced officer Chief Inspector Alfred C. Collins to investigate.
On 15 May, Savidge was collected from work by two officers, one being Lilian Wyles, and taken for interrogation, which lasted some five hours. It was conducted without a female officer being present, since Wyles was told to leave by Collins. Savidge was required to show the police their petticoat, whose colour and brevity they duly noted and at a certain point Collins caressed them knee.
Savidge complained about their treatment and there followed an adjournment debate in the House of Commons on 17 May 1928, initiated by Labour MP, Tom Johnston. Joynson-Hicks established a public inquiry under Sir John Eldon Bankes (a retired Lord Justice of Appeal), which quickly became known as the Savidge Inquiry and the press was clear that it was the police who were on trial for their behaviour. The inquiry criticised the excessive zeal of the police, but also exonerated Savidge's interrogators of improper conduct. However, the Royal Commission on Police Powers and Procedure was then set up between September 1928 and March 1929, and this led to reforms in the way that the police dealt with female suspects. It also enabled a number of public figures to articulate their view that the police should primarily enforce law and order, rather than "trying to be censors of public morals".
In August 1928 it was reported that Savidge was considering offers to appear on the stage. Savidge married Frank Gentle in 1929. They had stood by them through the scandal. They died in the hospital in Minehead in 1985.
References
1905 births
1985 deaths
People from Tottenham
History of the Metropolitan Police
Mirabales is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 672.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Mirabales barrio was 404.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Mirabales barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Röhrnbach is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Schreuder is a Dutch occupational surname. Schreuder, from early Middle Dutch scrodere, is an archaic term for either a taylor or a porter (dock-worker, barrow-man). People with this surname include:
Alfred Schreuder (born 1972), Dutch footballer
Dick Schreuder (born 1971), Dutch footballer
Frances Schreuder (1938–2004), American murderer
Hans Paludan Smith Schreuder (1817–1882), Norwegian missionary
Hein Schreuder (born 1951), Dutch economist and strategist
Hinkelien Schreuder (born 1984), Dutch swimmer
Jan Schreuder (1704–1764), Dutch governor of Ceylon
Louis Schreuder (born 1990), South African rugby player
Morné Schreuder (born 1979), Namibian rugby player
Pieter Meindert Schreuder (1912–1945), Dutch World War II resistance leader
Dutch-language surnames
Thomas Lee Ward (c. 1936 – May 16, 1995) was an American murderer. They were tried, convicted, and executed by lethal injection in Louisiana for the murder of their stepfather-in-law Wilbert John Spencer.
Overview
On the night of June 22, 1983, Ward arrived by bus in New Orleans, Louisiana from California, where they had just been released from jail after serving 60 days for molesting their 10-year-old daughter. They went to the residence of Lydia and John Spencer, the mother and stepfather of their estranged wife, Linda. Ward's wife and children were also staying at the house. Ward was allowed into the house to visit their children. They asked and was allowed to bathe and freshen up. Ward learned that their wife had begun receiving welfare and the family was having some trouble with one of the daughters. Ward later claimed that this upset him, but rather than saying or doing anything rash, they left the house.
They then went to a local bar where they drank vodka and beer and "hit up" with cocaine. Ward returned to the house at approximately 5:30 a.m. the next morning, asking to see their children one last time. After visiting with the children they gave their wife their address and phone number in New York City and then went into the bedroom of their wife's mother and stepfather. They pulled out a gun, pointed it at Wilbert John Spencer and said "I am sorry, John, I have to kill you." They then shot Spencer once at close range. As Lydia Spencer reached for their husband, Ward shot them in the stomach. When they turned around, they shot them in the back. They then ran for the door, trying to get out of the house. Ward followed her, striking them with three more shots. Linda Ward and their brother, Ernest Scott, heard the shooting and ran from the house to get help from the neighbors.
When police arrived, Ward walked up to the police officers, apparently to turn themselves in. At first, the police did not seize Ward, not yet knowing they were the alleged murderer. Ward claims the police shooed them away because they were drunk. After further investigation at the scene, the police realized who Ward was and arrested them for the murder of Wilbert John Spencer. Lydia Spencer later recovered.
Trial
Ward was indicted by the Orleans Parish Grand Jury with first-degree murder. On August 15, 1984, the jury at Ward's trial found them guilty as charged. After a sentencing hearing, in which Ward testified, the jury unanimously recommended a sentence of death.
Execution
Ward was executed by lethal injection at the Louisiana State Penitentiary on May 16, 1995, at the age of 59. They declined to make a final statement, but dictated to their attorney: "I am leaving the world at peace with myself and with the Almighty. I feel remorse for the things that I did. I hope that young people today will learn that violence is not an answer. I hope the legal system learns that lesson, too. The death penalty is not a solution."
See also
Capital punishment in Louisiana
Capital punishment in the United States
List of people executed in Louisiana
References
Sources
Murderers Executed in 2 States. The New York Times (1995-03-17). Retrieved on 2007-11-13.
State v. Ward, 483 So.2d 578 (La. January 23, 1986).
1936 births
1995 deaths
American people convicted of murder
20th-century executions of American people
20th-century executions by Louisiana
People executed by Louisiana by lethal injection
People convicted of murder by Louisiana
Leontis is a phyle which had twenty demes at the time of the creation of the phyle, which is at the time of the creation of a group of ten phylai.
The phyle is shown on the base of a statue made after an anthippasia to commemorate the victory of the phyle at the mock battle.
Themistocles belonged to this phyle.
Two horse-men are listed as part of the Catalogus Hippeum in history who possibly belonged to this phyle, they were Euktimenos and Euthymenes, both living during the 3rd century B.C.E.
Sources
Tribes of ancient Attica
Pogonowski is a Polish-language family name. Feminine form: Pogonowska. The surname may refer to:
Iwo Cyprian Pogonowski (born 1921)
Stefan Pogonowski (1895–1920)
Maria Pogonowska (1897–2009)
(1922–2005), Polish poet
(1939–2004), Polish lawyer and statesperson, member of parliament and State Tribunal
Polish-language surnames
David Allen Thomas Jr. (born July 15, 1955) is an American voice actor and painter.  They are also known as Dave Thomas.
 They are known for the voice of The Sorrow in Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater/Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence and Echo in Red Faction 2. They started their career in 1981 as a soldier in a TV version of Othello.
Filmography
Animation
As Told By Ginger — Farmer Don
Cowboy Bebop — Gren (credited as Robert Matthews)
Royal Space Force: The Wings of Honnêamise — Shiro (credited as Robert Matthews)
Teknoman Blade — Blade/Nick Carter/Teknoman Blade
Fast & Furious Spy Racers – Cleve Kelso (2019- ) (Recurring, season 3; Guest, season 1)
Video game
Chaos Legion — The Old Man/Intelligencer
Diablo II — Barbarian
Enter the Matrix — Additional voices
Fight Club — Irvin
Freedom Fighters — Additional voices
Freedom: First Resistance — Vickers/Pieter PK/Rodney
Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned — Detective Mosely
Lionheart — Additional voices
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater — The Sorrow/Premier Nikita Khrushchev
Metal Gear Solid 3: Subsistence — The Sorrow/Chairman Nikita Khrushchev
Might and Magic: World of Xeen — Additional voices
Red Faction II — Echo
The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction — General Thunderbolt Ross
References
External links
Living people
American male voice actors
American male video game actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
1955 births
Anatoliy Reneiskiy is a Belarusian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1990s. They won two medals in the C-4 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1997 and a silver in 1998.
References
Belarusian male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Feena may refer to:
Feena (Grandia), a character in the video game Grandia
Feena, a character in the video game Ys I & II
Feena Fam Earthlight, a character in the visual novel Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na
Pravec could mean:
Petr Pravec, a Czech astronomer
Pravec, Bulgarian computers produced from 1979 until the early 1990s
Pravec, a town in central-western Bulgaria
United States naval reactors are nuclear reactors used by the United States Navy aboard certain ships to generate the steam used to produce power for propulsion, electric power, catapulting airplanes in aircraft carriers, and a few more minor uses. Such naval nuclear reactors have a complete power plant associated with them. All U.S. Navy submarines and supercarriers built since 1975 are nuclear-powered by such reactors. There are no commissioned conventional (non-nuclear) submarines or aircraft carriers left in the U.S. Navy, since the last conventional carrier, , was decommissioned in May 2009. The U.S. Navy had nine nuclear-powered cruisers with such reactors also, but they have since been decommissioned. Reactors are designed by a variety of contractors, then developed and tested at one of several government (Department of Energy) owned and prime contractor-operated facilities: Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania and its associated Naval Reactors Facility in Idaho, and Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory in Niskayuna, New York and its associated Kesselring site in West Milton, New York, all under the management of the office of Naval Reactors. Sometimes there were full-scale nuclear-powered prototype plants built at the Naval Reactors Facility, Kesselring, and Windsor (in Connecticut) to test the nuclear plants, which were operated for years to train nuclear-qualified sailors.
Reactor designations
Each reactor design is given a three-character designation consisting of:
A letter for the type of ship the reactor is intended for ("A" for aircraft carrier, "C" for cruiser, "D" for destroyer, and "S" for submarine)
A consecutive generation number
A letter for the reactor's designer ("W" for Westinghouse, "G" for General Electric, "C" for Combustion Engineering, and "B" for Bechtel)
For example, a S9G reactor represents a submarine (S), ninth-generation (9), General Electric designed reactor (G).
History
Conceptual analysis of nuclear marine propulsion started in the 1940s. Research on developing nuclear reactors for the Navy was done at Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania starting in 1948. Under the long-term leadership of Admiral Hyman G. Rickover, the first test reactor plant, a prototype referred to as S1W, started up in U.S. in 1953 at the Naval Reactors Facility in Idaho. Bettis Laboratory and Naval Reactors Facility were operated initially and for many decades afterwards by Westinghouse. The first nuclear-powered vessel, the submarine , put to sea in 1955. USS Nautilus marked the beginning of the transition of submarines from relatively slow and short-ranged conventional submarines to ones capable of sustaining submerged for weeks on end.
Much of the early development work on naval reactors was done at the Naval Reactors Facility on the campus of the Idaho National Laboratory (INL, previously INEL). USS Nautilus was powered by the S2W reactor, and crew were trained on the land-based S1W reactor at INL.
The second nuclear submarine was , which was initially powered by a sodium-cooled S2G reactor, and supported by the land-based S1G reactor at the Kesselring site under Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory operated by General Electric. A spare S2G was also built but never used.
USS Seawolf was plagued by superheater problems, with the result that USS Nautilus delivered far superior performance. This and the risks posed by liquid sodium in the event of an accident at sea led Admiral Rickover to select the pressurized water reactor (PWR) as the standard U.S. naval reactor type. The S2G was removed from USS Seawolf and replaced by the S2Wa reactor, using components from the spare S2W that was part of the USS Nautilus program. All subsequent U.S. naval reactors have been PWRs, while the Soviet Navy used mainly PWRs, but also used lead-bismuth cooled liquid metal cooled reactors (LMFR) of three types in eight submarines: and the seven-member .
Experience with USS Nautilus led to the parallel development of further () submarines, powered by single reactors, and an aircraft carrier, , powered by eight A2W reactor units in 1960. A cruiser, , followed in 1961 and was powered by two C1W reactor units. USS Enterprise remained in service for over 50 years, and was inactivated in 2012.
Full-scale land-based prototype plants in Idaho, New York, and Connecticut preceded development of several types (generations) of U.S. naval nuclear reactors, although not all of them. After initial construction, some engineering testing was done and the prototypes were used to train nuclear-qualified sailors for many years afterwards. For example, the A1W prototype at Naval Reactors Facility led to development of A2W reactors used in USS Enterprise. By 1962, the US Navy had 26 nuclear submarines operational and 30 under construction. Nuclear power had revolutionized the U.S. Navy.
The technology was shared with the United Kingdom, while technological development in France, China and the Soviet Union proceeded separately.
After the Skate-class vessels, reactor development proceeded and in the U.S. a single series of standardized designs was built by both Westinghouse and General Electric, with one reactor powering each vessel. Rolls-Royce built similar units as the PWR1 for Royal Navy submarines and then developed the design further to the PWR2. Numerous submarines with an S5W reactor plant were built.
At the end of the Cold War in 1989, there were over 400 nuclear-powered submarines operational or being built. Some 250 of these submarines have now been scrapped and some on order canceled, due to weapons reduction programs. The Russian Navy and United States Navy had over one hundred each, with the United Kingdom and France less than twenty each and China six. The total today is about 160.
The United States is the main navy with nuclear-powered aircraft carriers (10), while Russia has nuclear-powered cruisers. Russia has eight nuclear icebreakers in service or building. Since its inception in 1948, the U.S. Navy nuclear program has developed 27 different plant designs, installed them in 210 nuclear-powered ships, taken 500 reactor cores into operation, and accumulated over 5,400 reactor years of operation and 128,000,000 miles safely steamed. Additionally, 98 nuclear submarines and six nuclear cruisers have been recycled. The U.S. Navy has never disclosed a reactor accident, but has suffered at least one coolant loss accident, on the USS Guardfish.
All nine of the U.S. Navy nuclear-powered cruisers (CGN) have now been stricken from the Naval Vessel Register, and those not already scrapped by recycling are scheduled to be recycled. While reactor accidents have not sunk any U.S. Navy ships or submarines, two nuclear-powered submarines, and were lost at sea. The condition of these reactors has not been publicly released, although both wrecks have been investigated by Robert Ballard on behalf of the Navy using remotely operated vehicles (ROVs).
Congress has mandated that the U.S. Navy consider nuclear power as an option on all large surface combatants (cruisers, destroyers) and amphibious assault ships. If proven cost-effective in a life cycle cost analysis during the Analysis of Alternatives (AoA) phase of preliminary ship design, new ship classes (e.g. CG(X)) could proceed with nuclear propulsion.
Power plants
Current U.S. naval reactors are all pressurized water reactors, which are identical to PWR commercial reactors producing electricity, except that:
They have a high power density in a small volume and run either on low-enriched uranium (as do some French and Chinese submarines) or on highly enriched uranium (>20% U-235, current U.S. submarines use fuel enriched to at least 93%)
They have long core lives, so that refueling is needed only after 10 or more years, and new cores are designed to last 25 years in carriers and 10–33 years in submarines,
The design enables a compact pressure vessel while maintaining safety.
Long core life is enabled by high uranium enrichment and by incorporating a "burnable neutron poison", which is progressively depleted as non-burnable poisons like fission products and actinides accumulate. The loss of burnable poison counterbalances the creation of non-burnable poisons and result in stable long term fuel efficiency.
Long-term integrity of the compact reactor pressure vessel is maintained by providing an internal neutron shield. (This is in contrast to early Soviet civil PWR designs where embrittlement occurs due to neutron bombardment of a very narrow pressure vessel.)
Reactor sizes range up to ~500 MWt (about 165 MWe) in the larger submarines and surface ships. The French s have a 48 MW reactor that needs no refueling for 30 years.
The nuclear navies of the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Russian Federation rely on steam turbine propulsion. Those of the French and Chinese use the turbine to generate electricity for propulsion. Most Russian submarines as well as all U.S. surface ships since Enterprise are powered by two or more reactors. U.S., British, French, Chinese and Indian submarines are powered by one.
Decommissioning nuclear-powered submarines has become a major task for American and Russian navies. After defuelling, U.S. practice is to cut the reactor section from the vessel for disposal in shallow land burial as low-level waste (see the Ship-Submarine recycling program).
See also
List of United States Naval reactors
Radioisotope thermoelectric generator
Nuclear-powered cruisers of the United States Navy
Nuclear-powered submarines of the United States Navy
Nuclear Power School
References
External links
The Uranium Information Centre provided some of the original material in this article.
Nuclear reactors
"Cry Baby", written and composed by Martin Isherwood, was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed by the duo Jemini. It was the first of two songs entered by the United Kingdom to earn no points (nul points) from any other countries. It was also the first ever English language song to receive no points.
The song is a simple pop ditty about a woman telling their lover that their relationship is over because they do not love them anymore. They sing back saying they are being unfair, prolonging the relationship while they have their own life to live.
Selection process
Jemini were selected to take part in Eurovision by a public phone poll in the BBC's A Song for Europe competition. More than 100,000 votes cast in total for the duo.
Eurovision performance
For their Eurovision appearance, Chris Cromby and Gemma Abbey were accompanied on stage by three female backing singers, and a guitarist.
The Eurovision failure prompted a great deal of mirth and consternation in the British and European media. Jemini admitted that their performance was off-key, and claimed they were unable to hear the backing track due to a technical fault. Terry Wogan, long-time commentator on the contest for the BBC, said that the UK was suffering from "post-Iraq backlash". Although the majority of the media blamed the result on the poor quality of the song and that it was sung out of tune with Louis Walsh branding the song "a disgrace" and "so out of tune they deserved to be last". Following the show their dressing room was broken into and vandalised.
Author and historian John Kennedy O'Connor notes in The Eurovision Song Contest – The Official History that with a record field of 26 entries, this made the UK's failure the most spectacular in the history of the contest.
Charts
References
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 2003
2003 singles
2003 in British music
Eurovision songs that scored no points
2003 songs
The Council of Legal Education (CLE) was an English supervisory body established by the four Inns of Court to regulate and improve the legal education of barristers within England and Wales.
History
The Council was established in 1852 by the Inns of Court and originally consisted of eight members led by Richard Bethell, with two members coming from each Inn. The Council supervised the education of students at the Inns of Court, and initially established five professorships. Professors would lecture students at the Inns, who were required to attend a certain number of lectures to be called to the Bar. In 1872 membership of the Council was expanded to twenty and mandatory examinations for the call to the Bar were introduced. The creation of the Senate of the Inns of Court and the Bar in 1967 pushed the Council into being a subdivision of that Senate rather than an independent organisation, and representatives of the Bar Council were added to the CLE. In 1997 the Council ceased to exist, transferring its assets to the Inns of Court School of Law, its educational and training functions to the Inns of Court and Bar Educational Trust and its regulatory functions to the General Council of the Bar.
References
Organizations established in 1852
Organizations disestablished in 1997
Professional education in London
Bar of England and Wales
1852 establishments in England
Bishopric of Thyatira () is a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church centered on the ancient Roman city of Thyatira in Asia Minor.
The bishopric of Thyatira stretched back to very early Christianity. Christianity came to the region in the mid 1st century with Paul the Apostle on their Third missionary journey around 54AD, when they stayed for three years in nearby Ephesus. Timothy, Onesimus and John were all active in the area and The Christian community here was addressed by letter of John as it is one of the Seven churches of Revelation.
The diocese was in the ecclesiastical province of Sardis.
By the 3rd century, almost the entire town was Christian in religion but a stronghold of the Montanist sect.
Known bishops
List of archbishops of Thyateira and Great Britain
Germanos Strenopoulos (1922—1951)
Athenagoras Kavadas (1951—1962)
Athenagoras Kokkinakis (1963—1979)
Methodios Fouyias (1979—1988)
Gregorios Theocharous (from 1988)
See also
Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Thyateira and Great Britain.
References
External links
Entry Giga-Catholic
Apostolische Nachfolge – Titularsitze
Catholic titular sees in Asia
ZJ or zJ may refer to:
ZJ theorem, a mathematical theorem proven by George Glauberman
Jeep Grand Cherokee (ZJ), an automobile style used in the Jeep Grand Cherokee and the Jeep Grand Wagoneer
Zambezi Airlines (IATA airline designator )
Zeptojoule (zJ), an SI unit of energy
Zettajoule (ZJ), an SI unit of energy
Zhejiang, a province of China (Guobiao abbreviation ZJ)
Mazhdabad (, also Romanized as Mazhdābād; also known as Mazdābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 306, in 83 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1962:.
1962
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1962 at HKcinemamagic.com
1962
Hong Kong
Films
The Real Ghostbusters is an American animated television series, a spin-off/sequel of the 1984 comedy film Ghostbusters. The series ran from September 13, 1986, to October 5, 1991, and was produced by Columbia Pictures Television and DIC Enterprises, and distributed by Coca-Cola Telecommunications.
The series continues the adventures of paranormal investigators Dr. Peter Venkman, Dr. Egon Spengler, Dr. Ray Stantz, Winston Zeddemore, their secretary Janine Melnitz and their mascot ghost Slimer.
"The Real" was added to the title after a dispute with Filmation and its Ghost Busters properties.
There also were two ongoing Real Ghostbusters comics, one published monthly by NOW Comics in the United States and the other published weekly (originally biweekly) by Marvel Comics in the United Kingdom. Kenner produced a line of action figures and playsets based on the cartoon.
Plot
The series follows the continuing adventures of the four Ghostbusters, their secretary Janine, their accountant Louis, and their mascot Slimer, as they chase and capture rogue spooks, specters, spirits and ghosts around New York City and various other areas of the world.
Slimer!
At the start of the fourth season in 1988, the show was retitled to Slimer! and the Real Ghostbusters. It aired in a one-hour time slot, which the show had begun doing under its original name earlier that same year on January 30, 1988. In addition to the regular 30-minute Real Ghostbusters episode, a half-hour Slimer! sub-series was added that included two to three short animated segments focusing on the character Slimer. Animation for the Slimer! cartoons was handled by Wang Film Productions. At the end of its seven-season run, 147 episodes had aired, including the syndicated episodes and 13 episodes of Slimer!, with multiple episodes airing out of production order.
Voice cast
Lorenzo Music – Peter Venkman (Seasons 1–2)
Dave Coulier – Peter Venkman (Seasons 3–7)
Maurice LaMarche – Egon Spengler
Frank Welker – Ray Stantz, Slimer, the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, Mayor Lenny Clotch, Manx, Scareface
Arsenio Hall – Winston Zeddemore (Seasons 1–3)
Buster Jones – Winston Zeddemore (Seasons 4–7)
Laura Summer – Janine Melnitz (Seasons 1–2)
Kath Soucie – Janine Melnitz (Seasons 3–7)
Rodger Bumpass – Louis Tully (Seasons 5–6)
Charlie Adler – Rafael
Jeff Altman – Professor Norman Dweeb (Seasons 4, 6–7)
Fay DeWitt – Mrs. Van Huego (Seasons 4–7)
April Hong – Catherine
Katie Leigh – Jason
Danny Mann – Luigi, Bud
Jeff Marder – Rudy
Danny McMurphy – Donald
Alan Oppenheimer – Morris P. Grout, Goolem
John Stocker – Stay Puft Marshmallow Man (Season 3)
Cree Summer – Chilly Cooper, Mrs. Stone
Episodes
Production
At the same time The Real Ghostbusters was being created, Filmation was making a cartoon revamp (Ghostbusters (1986)) of their 1970s live action series The Ghost Busters, due to disagreements with Columbia over animation rights.
A short pilot episode was produced, but never aired in full. The full 4-minute promo was released on Time Life's DVD set in 2008. Scenes of the pilot can be seen in TV promos that aired prior to the beginning of the series. Among differences seen in the promo pilot, the Ghostbusters wore beige jumpsuits as in the film and the character design for Peter Venkman bore more of a resemblance to actor Bill Murray. The character designs by Jim McDermott were dramatically different, with color-coded jumpsuits for each character. When they auditioned for the voice of Egon Spengler, Maurice LaMarche noted that while they were asked not to impersonate Harold Ramis, they did so anyway and eventually got the part. LaMarche also noted that Bill Murray had remarked off-handedly to producers that Lorenzo Music's voice of Peter Venkman sounded more like Garfield (who was also voiced by Music at the time). Bill Murray went on to voice Garfield in Garfield: The Movie and its sequel after Music died. A different explanation for the change of actor for Peter Venkman came from Dave Coulier, who took over the role of Venkman from Music, who explained that Joe Medjuck, a producer on both the original 1984 film and the animated series, wanted the character to sound more like Bill Murray. Ernie Hudson was the only actor from the films who auditioned to play their character in the series; however, the role was given to Arsenio Hall and later Buster Jones.
Although the Ghostbusters concept was tinkered with, the finalized show does feature many tie-ins from the films. In the season 1 episode "Take Two", the Ghostbusters fly to Hollywood to visit the set of a movie based on their adventures, which is revealed to be the 1984 movie at the end of the episode. The Stay Puft Marshmallow Man makes numerous appearances. During the third season, Walter Peck, the Environmental Protection Agency antagonist from the original film, reappears. The uniforms and containment unit are redesigned, and Slimer is changed from a bad ghost to a resident and friend, events which are explained in the episode "Citizen Ghost" that flashes back to what happened to the Ghostbusters right after the film's events. Gozer is mentioned repeatedly throughout the series, usually in comparison to a ghost they are currently battling (e.g. "Cthulhu makes Gozer look like Little Mary Sunshine").
In the third season, some of the character designs were modified. Ray's character design was slimmed down to give the character a less overweight appearance and Slimer was given a tail instead of the formerly rounded bottom (he reverted to a stub in Season 6). The biggest change was to the character of Janine, whose hair was completely changed from being short and spiky to long and straight. Them overall design was softened, as was their personality. Them voice was also softened with Kath Soucie taking over the voice role from Laura Summer. Most of these changes were the result of ABC hiring a consulting firm called Q5, in an attempt for guidance on improving the network's low ratings for their Saturday Morning lineup, a move strongly criticized by show writers J. Michael Straczynski and Michael Reaves. ABC also went back, and redubbed Peter's and Janine's dialogue in several episodes of the show with Dave Coulier and Kath Soucie, respectively. Changes to Janine's character were eventually addressed in the season 6 episode (#118) entitled, "Janine, You've Changed". Many of the changes brought on by Q5 were even criticized by Straczynski as being racist and sexist, such as having each Ghostbuster have a specific role (such as a body, Peter being the mouth, Ray the hands and Egon the brain) but making Winston (the only main African American character) the driver. Another example would be stating how the character of Janine needed to be "more nurturing", put them in more "dress-like outfits" and "making them less harsh and slutty".
At the start of the series' fourth season in 1988, the opening was completely redone to center around Slimer. Eventually the episodes were expanded from their original half-hour format to last an hour, and the overall feel of the show was changed to be more youthful, with episodes having a lighter tone to be less frightening.
Straczynski was a story editor on the series, and wrote episodes for every season except 4 and 7.
By season 5, Louis Tully was added to the show in order to follow Ghostbusters II.
Voice acting and animation
Recording for the show took place in Los Angeles, California. The cast always recorded together, instead of separately. After recording of the dialogue was completed, sound tapes, storyboards, backgrounds, and character designs were then shipped to DiC Founder; Jean Chalopin's Japanese studio; KK DiC (1986) / KK C&D (1987 onwards) and similar studios in Tokyo, Japan, such as TMS Entertainment and Toei Animation among others (South Korean studios during the final two seasons) for animation and filming.
Broadcast
The show originally aired on ABC for its full run, except for the second season, which ran in syndication at the same time as the third season ran on ABC. Later, reruns of the show appeared on the USA Network's USA Cartoon Express from September 16, 1991 to September 11, 1994. Fox Family Channel also reran the series from August 17, 1998 to October 1, 1999. In August 2012, reruns began airing on Fearnet during the weekends, part of their "Funhouse" block, and on April 1, 2017, the show began to stream on Netflix, but was removed two years later. It aired on ITV in the U.K.
To celebrate the upcoming release of Ghostbusters: Afterlife, both The Real Ghostbusters and Extreme Ghostbusters were released onto the official Ghostbusters YouTube channel.
Media
The Real Ghostbusters soundtrack was released in 1986 on CD, records, and cassette by PolyGram Records. All songs were performed by Tahiti (Tyren Perry & Tonya Townsend).
From 1986 to 1989, several episodes were released by Magic Window, the children's imprint of RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video. The episodes on the cassettes were from the first season of syndication.
In 2004 and again in 2006, Sony released bare-bones episode compilations in the United Kingdom and United States, respectively. The DVD release of Ghostbusters II also included two episodes of the series as bonus features, "Citizen Ghost", a story focusing on events set immediately after the first movie, and "Partners in Slime" (this episode has the original broadcast version and the original end logos—DiC "kid in bed" and Columbia Pictures Television (1988) logos, respectively), which featured the psycho-active slime from Ghostbusters II and a brief mention of its villain Vigo the Carpathian.
Time Life acquired the home video rights to the series in May 2008 and released a complete series on DVD in the Fall of 2008. That July they allowed fans the chance to vote between two variations of an outer box for the set—one designed to look like the main characters' firehouse headquarters and the other all black with different images on each side. Both featured lenticular printing, the firehouse version to show the Ecto-1 and the black version to have oozing "slime". Released on November 25, 2008, in the "firehouse" casing, the set spans 25 discs containing all 147 episodes of the series. They subsequently began releasing the individual volumes on March 31, 2009; however, only the first three were released. Volumes 4 and 5 were not released due to poor sales. The Time Life releases have been discontinued and are now out of print.
Sony began re-releasing the series on DVD in Region 1 in 2016. Volumes 1–5 (each containing 11 or 12 episodes) were released on July 5, while Volumes 6–10 (with 10 or 11 episodes each) were released on September 6. Unlike the previous Time Life edition, the Sony release is incomplete, missing 29 episodes that were inexplicably omitted, as well as the entire Slimer! sub-series. Additionally, title cards were removed from all episodes in the first five volumes (title and writer credits were superimposed over the animated opening). All 10 volumes, spanning 10 discs containing 111 episodes, were released in a slim plastic box set in October 2017 (comprising 80% of the series).
The complete first season was released on DVD in Australia on June 3, 2009, and in the U.K. on June 15, 2009.
Spin-offs: Extreme Ghostbusters
In 1997, a sequel cartoon entitled Extreme Ghostbusters was produced by Columbia TriStar Television and Adelaide Productions. It premiered on September 1, 1997, and ran for forty episodes until its conclusion on December 8. Set several years after the end of The Real Ghostbusters, the series opened by saying the team has disbanded due to a lack of supernatural activity. Only Egon remains in the firehouse, along with Slimer, to care for the containment system while teaching classes at a local university. When supernatural events begin occurring in New York, Egon recruits four of their university students as a new team of Ghostbusters, and Janine, also one of Egon's students, returns to manage the office. The original Ghostbusters return for the two-episode season finale to celebrate Egon's 40th birthday, leading to them reluctantly working together with the younger generation to solve one last case.
Reception
The series received critical acclaim since its premiere, the first season received an approval rating of 100% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on five reviews. Common Sense Media gave the series a three out of five stars, writing: "Parents need to know that The Real Ghostbusters is an animated series spun off the mega-popular 1984 movie Ghostbusters (the "Real" was added to avoid confusion with an unrelated cartoon of the same name). The core characters remain the same, though the cartoon is skewed toward younger kids and as such, drops the swearing, the smoking, and the sexual innuendo. While the Ghostbusters do spend their days vanquishing evil, the monsters and phantoms they encounter are often quite silly (some of them even make wisecracks) and not too scary".
See also
Ghostbusters (1986 TV series)
The Ghost Busters
Notes
References
External links
1980s American animated television series
1980s American horror television series
1980s toys
1986 American television series debuts
1990s American animated television series
1990s American horror television series
1990s toys
1991 American television series endings
American animated television spin-offs
Alternative sequel television series
American Broadcasting Company original programming
American children's animated comic science fiction television series
American children's animated science fantasy television series
American children's animated supernatural television series
American children's animated horror television series
Animated television shows based on films
English-language television shows
Fictional quartets
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Ghostbusters television series
Hasbro products
Occult detective fiction
Television series about ghosts
Television series by DIC Entertainment
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows adapted into comics
Television shows adapted into video games
Television shows set in New York City
Carpinus orientalis, known as the Oriental hornbeam, is a hornbeam native to Hungary, the Balkans, Italy, Crimea, Turkey, Iran, and the Caucasus. and occurs usually on hot dry sites at lower altitudes in comparison to the Carpinus betulus (European Hornbeam).
Description
The Carpinus orientalis is a small tree, rarely over 10 m tall and often shrubby. It has minute, with small leaves, 3–5 cm long.
The seeds have a simple bract, not trilobed like Carpinus betulus, that is about 2 cm long.
Cultivation
In recent years, this species has been extensively used as an ornamental tree for bonsai.
References
orientalis
Trees of Asia
Trees of Europe
Flora of the Caucasus
Flora of Southeastern Europe
Flora of Western Asia
Flora of Iran
Plants described in 1768
Garden plants of Asia
Garden plants of Europe
Ornamental trees
Plants used in bonsai
Trees of Mediterranean climate
Taxa named by Philip Miller
Melange comes from the French meaning of a "mixture" or "medley". It may also refer to:
Melange (fictional drug) in Frank Herbert's Dune series novels
Mélange (rocket fuel component)
Mélange, a geological breccia above a subduction zone environment
Melange (yarn) yarns made with mixed fibers dyed before yarn spinning
Wiener Melange ("Viennese blend") a specialty coffee, similar to a cappuccino
Melange (poetic form) introduced by Judging panel of 13th edition of Poetry Battles (an international poetry competition) including writer Twinkle Sugandha Varshney
Cineyug Entertainment Private limited is a Mumbai-based premier entertainment company. The company was founded by Mohomed Morani Karim Morani, along with Aly Morani, Mazhar Nadiadwala and late Bunty Soorma. Cineyug has recently tied up with The Walt Disney Company, in terms of live entertainment.
Films
References
External links
Film production companies based in Mumbai
Mass media companies established in 1997
1997 establishments in Maharashtra
Indian companies established in 1997
Catalan Communist Party () was a political party in Catalonia, Spain. PCC was founded in 1928. It had its origins in l'Ateneu Enciclopèdic Popular, which had been formed in 1926, and in the Marxist sectors of the Catalan separatist movement. The main leaders of PCC were Jordi Arquer and Víctor Colomer.
History
The PCC was founded in 1928 by the communist sector of the Catalan independence movement. The party was relatively small, having around 300 members, mainly in Lleida and Barcelona. In November 1930 PCC merged into the Catalan-Balearic Communist Federation (FCCB).
Newspapers
The party published L'Opinió (1928-1929), and later L'Andreuenc and Treball.
References
Defunct communist parties in Catalonia
1928 establishments in Spain
Political parties established in 1928
1930 disestablishments in Spain
Political parties disestablished in 1930
Bällstaån or Spångaån (Swedish: "Stream of Bällsta/Spånga") is a small stream in northern Stockholm. Flowing through the municipalities of Järfälla, Stockholm, Sundbyberg, and Solna, it empties in the bay Bällstaviken, the innermost part of Ulvsundasjön.
Some 1,4 km of the stream is passing through culverts and long stretches of it have been straitened out to form part of the local stormwater system. Notwithstanding, other sections are furnished with promenades and ponds and therefore considered as of local recreational interest. The municipalities sharing the catchment area, together with the county administrative board, are collaborating to improve water quality and the areas surrounding the stream.
Catchment area
Flowing from Viksjö in Järfälla, the stream starts as a ditch receiving considerable amounts of stormwater from the residential area Jakobsberg. After a bit more than 2 km, near Barkarby Airport, it dives into a short culvert before merging with another ditch (Veddsta dike) bringing water from a golf range, industrial and residential areas. It then passes under the traffic route E18 to continue 1 km through am open grassland in it natural meandering shape past some allotment-gardens near Tensta before reaching the ponds in the park of Hjulsta. The stream is guided under the central commercial district of Spånga through a tunnel 1.4 km long, opening out near Bromsten industrial area, and receiving stormwater from surrounding areas. It then flows past the residential neighbourhood Bällsta before reaching two ponds in a park and receiving water from a second ditch (Nälsta dike) bringing water from residential areas at Nälsta, Flysta, and Solhem. It then flows through the harness racing track Solvalla where the water is used for fountains during races. Downstream Solvalla, it becomes broad with a slow flow occasionally becoming stagnant. Bällstaån finally receives water from Rissne, Duvbo, and Sundbyberg before emptying into Bällstaviken under the bridge Löfströmsbron.
Environmental influence
As most of the inflow comes from settled grounds, including industrial areas and streets, the stream contains high levels of nutrients, metals and bacteria, with sediments contaminated with oil. The river receives 1400 kg/year of phosphorus and 16000 kg/year of nitrogen. Increased levels of pollutants and bacteria downstream Spånga is believed to stem from stormwater pipes but no source have been identified. Increased levels of metals, particularly copper, has been reported, and minor oil discharges are rather common with negative impact on local bird life.
Flora and fauna
No inventory of aquatic plants has been made, but greater dodder has been documented around the Lunda Industrial Area. No rare species of bottom fauna were found during an inventory in 1999, the stream being quantitatively dominated by a few species. Noteworthy is the gastropod Valvata piscinalis found near the residential area Bällsta. The stream is, nonetheless, important for various birds, including black-headed gull, common gull, lesser black-backed gull, herring gull, and Slavonian grebe reported at Hjulsta Water Park. As stretches of the watercourse remain ice-free during winters, it attracts ducks and teal, which have both been spending winters here.
See also
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Sweden
Bällsta
Spånga
Notes
References
External links
Geography of Stockholm
Rivers of Stockholm County
Norrström basin
Sergeant Robert Emory "Popeye" Wynn Jr. (July 10, 1921 – March 18, 2000) was a non-commissioned officer with Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in the 101st Airborne Division of the United States Army during World War II. Wynn was one of the 140 Toccoa men of Easy Company. Wynn was portrayed by actor Nicholas Aaron in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers.
Youth
Robert Wynn was born on July 10, 1921. They were from South Hill, Virginia, in Mecklenburg County. In 1941, Wynn attended a machinist course at a vocational school in Norfolk. There they befriended Darrell "Shifty" Powers.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Wynn and Powers along with others in the vocational school were shipped to Navy Shipyard at Portsmouth to work on the battleships. Right before they were about to be frozen to the job, Wynn and Powers enlisted in the army and volunteered for the paratroopers. They understood that the training would be difficult, so they vowed they would make it to the end, and they made a bet that if either of them quit, that person would have to pay the other ten dollars. Therefore, later when asked by Lieutenant Richard Winters what got them into the paratroopers, Wynn answered, "Shifty did."
Military service
Both Wynn and Powers were assigned to Easy Company at Camp Toccoa and received training under Captain Herbert Sobel. Wynn was made Sobel's runner in Camp Mackall. One night when Wynn was sent out to locate the platoons, they managed to get 'lost' and spent the night sleeping. Wynn explained to Sobel that they got lost because they could not see in the dark. They were replaced by Edward Tipper, who managed to offer further 'assistance' to Sobel.
Wynn made their first combat jump into Normandy on D-Day. They linked up with other members of E Company. They participated in the Brécourt Manor Assault. When the group was attacking the first gun, Wynn was shot in the buttocks and fell into the trench. Wynn apologized to Winters, who was leading the attack, "I'm sorry, Lieutenant, I goofed. I goofed. I'm sorry." Later Winters in their biography Beyond the Band of Brothers wrote, "My God, it's beautiful when you think of a guy who was so dedicated to their company that they apologized for getting hit. Now here was a soldier – hit by enemy fire in Normandy on D-Day, behind the German lines, and they are more upset that they had let their buddies down than they were concerned with their own injury. Popeye's actions spoke for all of us". Carwood Lipton and Mike Ranney found Wynn on their way back to safe area, and they helped to apply sulfa on their wound. Wynn was then evacuated to Utah Beach, and was sent to a field hospital in England. Wynn was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart for their action.
In the hospital, Wynn was informed that if they stayed out of action for ninety days, they would be sent to another unit in the 101st Airborne. They persuaded a sergeant to send them back to Aldbourne with light duty papers and rejoined Easy on September 1, 1944. They threw away the papers when Easy was alerted for Operation Market Garden and fought with the company throughout the Holland campaign.
Wynn also participated in the Battle of the Bulge in Bastogne where they shared a foxhole with Powers.
During the fight in Haguenau, Wynn was chosen for a patrol mission across the Moder River led by Sergeant Ken Mercier. While the men were crossing the river, Wynn fell into the water. Wynn could not swim and they started screaming. Clancy Lyall, fellow Easy Company soldier, later said: "I think they must have woken up all the Germans with all their screaming!" Wynn survived, and would fight with Easy Company until the end of the war.
Later years
After the war, Wynn became a structural ironworker on buildings and bridges.
They bought an old log cabin in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina and spent their last days with their family. Wynn died on March 18, 2000, just over a year before the Band of Brothers miniseries was first aired.
References
Bibliography
External links
United States Army personnel of World War II
Band of Brothers characters
United States Army soldiers
1921 births
2000 deaths
People from South Hill, Virginia
Military personnel from Virginia
Ironworkers
Mário César may refer to:
Mário César (footballer, born 1968), Brazilian football midfielder
Mário César (footballer, born 1978), Brazilian football defender
German submarine U-2511 was a Type XXI submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The Elektroboot submarine was laid down on 7 July 1944 at the Blohm & Voss yard at Hamburg, launched on 2 September 1944, and commissioned on 29 September 1944 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Adalbert Schnee.
Design
Like all Type XXI submarines, U-2511 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of (o/a), a beam of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN SE supercharged six-cylinder M6V40/46KBB diesel engines each providing , two Siemens-Schuckert GU365/30 double-acting electric motors each providing , and two Siemens-Schuckert silent running GV232/28 electric motors each providing .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a submerged speed of . When running on silent motors the boat could operate at a speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate at for ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-2511 was fitted with six torpedo tubes in the bow and four C/30 anti-aircraft guns. They could carry 23 torpedoes or 17 torpedoes and 12 naval mines. The complement was five officers and 52 men.
Service history
After training with 31st U-boat Flotilla, U-2511 was transferred to 11th U-boat Flotilla at Bergen, Norway, for front-line service on 15 March 1945.
U-2511 conducted one patrol. On the evening of 30 April 1945 (coincidentally the date of Hitler's death), U-2511 set out from Bergen, Norway for the Caribbean, but on 4 May Schnee received the end-of-the-war cease-fire order. The commander of U-2511 claimed the U-boat had a British cruiser in their sights on 4 May when news of the German cease-fire was received. They further claimed they made a practice attack before leaving the scene undetected.
Fate
On 17 June 1945, U-2511 was transferred from Bergen, and arrived at Londonderry Port on 21 June for Operation Deadlight. The U-boat was sunk on 7 January 1946 at 7:40 pm in position . They were sunk by gunfire after their towing cable parted.
The wreck lies at a depth . They had been visited by divers at least three times, in 1999 and 2001, and circa 2012 for 'Dig WW2 with Dan Snow', revealing they are largely intact except for a large blast hole caused by the shellfire that sank them
References
Bibliography
External links
Researched scale model representation of U-2511
New U-Boats
World War II submarines of Germany
Type XXI submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1944
U-boats scuttled in 1946
Operation Deadlight
1944 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
Maritime incidents in 1946
Yenisahra is an underground station on the M4 line of the Istanbul Metro. Located under beneath the D.100 state highway, just west of the Kozyatağı Interchange in the Sahrayı Cedit neighborhood of Kadıköy, Istanbul, it was opened on 17 August 2012. Connections to Havabüs express bus service to Sabiha Gökçen Airport are available.
Station Layout
References
External links
Göztepe station portal in Google Street View
Railway stations opened in 2012
Istanbul metro stations
Transport in Kadıköy
2012 establishments in Turkey
Eagle Mount is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that facilitates and implements therapeutic recreational programs and opportunities for people with disabilities, children with cancer, and provides support for their families. The organization was founded in Bozeman, Montana, and additional independent Eagle Mount organizations currently exist in Billings, Montana, and Great Falls, Montana. The information in this article refers to Eagle Mount Bozeman.
History
The Am Third Foundation (based on Matthew 22) and Eagle Mount were founded in 1982 by General Robert C. Mathis and their wife, Greta, retired from a 34-year career in the Air Force. According to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, “The couple created more than a program for people with disabilities. They created kinship between anyone who deigns to get involved".
They started in the fall of 1983 with the Eagle Mount ski program at the Bridger Bowl ski hill. The following summer, they added horseback riding at a local ranch. The next programs to be added were swimming and the Big Sky Kids camps for children with cancer.
Eagle Mount Bozeman's campus in currently 19 acres which was donated by a local family; ten acres in the mid-1980s and an additional 9 adjacent acres in 2010. The campus includes administrative offices; riding arena with barn and horse paddocks; the Tim and Mary Barnard Aquatic Therapy Center built in 2008; and the gardens and grounds.
Programs Offered
Eagle Mount started with skiing in 1983. Other programs include adaptive horsemanship, aquatic therapy and adaptive swimming, Big Sky Kids oncology camps, horticultural therapy, the EMBLEM program for veterans, and parent support programs.
Eagle Mount does alpine skiing and snowboarding at Bridger Bowl and Big Sky Resort, and Nordic skiing and snowshoeing at Bohart Ranch. Other programs are hosted on the Eagle Mount campus.
Number of Participants
While the anticipated need in the small town of Bozeman, Montana in the fall of 1982 was around twenty participants, nearly 100 people with disabilities signed up for the first winter of skiing. In 2014, 1,783 participants were assisted by 1,979 volunteers who spent over 30,000 hours with Eagle Mount Bozeman's programs.
Fundraising
Eagle Mount is a private non-profit organization which does not take government funding, instead relying on private donors, grants, and foundations. In-kind donations such as program equipment, ski passes and rental services, horses and hay, and more also facilitate the variety of programs. Support has come from The M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust and the Dennis and Phyllis Washington Foundation. Three annual events are held in support of Eagle Mount Bozeman's programs including the Western Rendezvous, a barn dance and auction fundraiser; the Crystal Ball, a black-tie event; and Digger Days, a collaboration with local construction companies to let people of all ages drive heavy equipment with the support of professional operators.
Adaptive Equipment
Eagle Mount serves a wide variety of people with disabilities through a combination of specially trained staff and specialized equipment. The equipment includes mono-skis and bi-skis. These skis either have one or two skis under a specialized seat; a trained volunteer then holds a tether or bar, helping glide the person down the hill. Other specialized equipment includes 'ski legs' for skiers who can stand but need additional support on the hill and handcycles for cyclists with lower body impairments such as a spinal cord injury or amputation.
References
Bozeman, Montana
Non-profit organizations based in Montana
1982 establishments in Montana
Mahmudabad (, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 324, in 83 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
USAV CW3 Harold C. Clinger (LSV-2) is a General Frank S. Besson Jr.-class roll-on/roll-off of US Army.
Design
Named in honor of Gen. Frank S. Besson Jr., former Chief of Transportation, U.S. Army, these ships have bow and stern ramps and the ability to beach themselves, giving them the ability to discharge 900 short tons of vehicles and cargo over the shore in as little as four feet of water, or 2,000 short tons as an intra-theater line haul roll-on/roll-off cargo ship. The vessel's cargo deck is designed to handle any vehicle in the US Army inventory and can carry up to 15 M1 Abrams main battle tanks or 82 ISO standard containers.
Construction and career
They were acquired by the US Army on 21 June 2006 and commissioned in 1988 into the 489th Transportation Detachment, United States Army Reserve.
During RIMPAC 2014, on July 2nd, they conducted the first of eight surface lifts between Kaneohe Bay and Kawaihae Harbor in support of 3rd Marines. They would later also partner with 25th Infantry Division's 25th Combat Aviation Brigade, for casualty evacuation operations and a shipboard aerial resupply with the Royal New Zealand Navy.
Gallery
References
External links
Navsource – Photo Gallery
Frank S Besson Class LSV Logistic Support Vessel
LSVs at globalsecurity.org
Photo gallery: Family tour aboard the LSV-7 Kuroda | The Honolulu Advertiser
LSV-8 USAV MG Roberts Smalls – a set on Flickr
Army Commissions Vessel Named after African-American Civil War Hero, S.C. Statesman
Robert Smalls Official Website
Ships built in the United States
1988 ships
General Frank S. Besson-class support vessels
Helcystogramma scintillula is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1911. It is found in Mexico (Tabasco).
The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewings are dark brown, with a bright steel-blue spot at the base of the costa, a slender, outwardly curved steel-blue line at one-fifth from the base, two short white costal streaks, one before and one beyond the middle, beneath which are three steel-blue spots, two on the cell and one beneath the fold, and a wide steel-blue band before the termen projecting inwards above the middle. Along the margin beyond this an ochreous band runs to the apex, separated from the whitish apical cilia by a dark line. The cilia on the lower half of the termen is dark greyish fuscous and the basal patch within the first blue line, and the central fascia indicated by the white costal streaks, are very slightly paler than the ground-colour. The hindwings are brown.
References
Moths described in 1911
scintillula
Moths of Central America
Concouguash, christian name Francis Joseph Neptune, (1735–1834) was chief of the Passamaquoddy tribe during the American Revolutionary War. They succeeded their father, Bahgulwet (aka Jean-Baptiste Neptune), who died in 1778, and was succeeded by their own son, John Francis Neptune, in 1824. The term "chief" later became the word for governor. Becoming chief is passed along through family lineage and requires acceptance from the Passamaquoddies, Penobscots and Maliseet tribes. These three tribes share similar chief induction ceremonies, conducted simultaneously with eyewitnesses from each tribe present.
1770s
During the Revolution, the Passamaquoddies sided with the American colonists to fight against the British soldiers invading the eastern coast of Maine. On June 12, 1775 the tribe assisted the American military in a naval attack at Pleasant Point known as the "Battle of the Rim", or Battle of Machias in Machias, Maine. After gaining permission from the commanding officer, Chief Francis Neptune was the one who fired the first shot, with their flintlock rifle, at the Battle of the Rim. Roughly 200 Passamaquoddies were soldiers in the Revolutionary War serving under Chief Francis Neptune's orders. George Washington proclaimed a "pledge of friendship" after the success of the Passamaquoddy people's efforts in battle. On Christmas Eve of 1776 George Washington wrote to the tribe in hopes that they would come to the aid of the colonies by sending warriors and ensuring Passamaquoddy boundaries along the Canada and Maine border. According to Colonel John Allan, the man whom the Passamaquoddies served under, noted in their journal that Chief Joseph Francis earned £4 for their participation in the Battle of Machias.
1790s
In the 1790s the Passamaquoddies were in land and rights disputes with the government. Chief Francis Neptune took responsibility and fought for their people. They did this by reminding the white government of the help that the Passamaquoddies contributed to the American Colonists winning the Revolutionary War. There is a statement from Colonel Allan saying that the Native Americans who served time for the United States military will be viewed as brothers, children, and under protection and care of the United States. Colonel Allan was also reported saying that their future children should enjoy all the rights and privileges that all Americans will receive.
Chief Neptune was part of the negotiation with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to separate a piece of land from the state for the Passamaquoddies. In 1794 the Passamaquoddy reservation, Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation, was established by the state. The reservation was originally 23,000 acres with additional acreage at other points in Maine for hunting and fishing. They lived on the reservation with their wife, Sabattis Neptune, until they died in 1834. After the establishment of the reservation, Chief Neptune spoke in front of the Massachusetts government in Boston, Massachusetts saying that Passamaquoddies should be allowed to make decisions regarding their established land
Also in 1796 Chief Francis Neptune served as a guide along the United States and Canada border. On that surveying trip they signed a land treaty to establish boundaries between the Passamaquoddy reservation, the United States, and Canada. To help draw land boundaries and features Chief Francis Neptune drew a map of the Cobscook River area on July 12, 1798. This map helped British Commissioner Thomas Barclay learn about the St. Croix River and land boundaries
1800s
In 1829 Andrew Jackson met with Chief Neptune. The president enjoyed their meeting with the Passamaquoddy tribe and extended their gratitude in the same way that George Washington had done, the "chains of friendship" continued to be strong with the tribe
In 1834 Chief Francis Joseph Neptune died on their Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation at the age of 99. In their honor a schooner was built for them at Huston's Shipyard. Many people spoke highly of them because they approved of the actions they did while they were chief.
Works
References
External links
Speech (1813)
Passamaquoddy people
Tribal chiefs
1735 births
1834 deaths
The , sometimes in older literature the Tenneru Conglomerate Member of the Chorobetsu Formation, is a geological formation in southeast Hokkaidō, Japan, in the area of Kushiro. Deposited between the Harutori Formation and Yūbetsu Formation in the Urahoro Group that unconformably overlies the Nemuro Group in the Nemuro Belt, the Tenneru Formation correlates with the Rushin Formation at its western end. The Formation, laid down in the Late Eocene, consists mainly of reddish and reddish brown conglomerate, with some sandstone and mudstone; there are several intercalated coal seams. New species of fauna described from the Tenneru Formation include the "Kushiro tapir" [ja] (Plesiocolopirus kushiroensis; protonym: Colodon kushiroensis), and of flora, Actinidia harutoriensis, Alnus ezoensis, Aralia ezoana, Cordia japonica, Cupania japonica, Idesia kushiroensis, Lastrea kushiroensis, and Maesa nipponica.
Flora
The Tenneru Flora as described by Tanai Toshimasa in 1970 from the where the Tenneru Formation is exposed, with a thickness of some , along the upper stretches of the in the western , comprises sixteen families and twenty genera, including two Pteridophytes, one Equisetum, and two conifers, the remaining species being dicotyledons:
Family: Osmundaceae
Genus: Osmunda
Osmunda sachalinensis
Family: Polypodiaceae
Genus: Lastrea
Lastrea kushiroensis
Family: Equisetaceae
Genus: Equisetum
Equisetum arcticum
Family: TaxodiaceaeGenus: GlyptostrobusGlyptostrobus europaeusGenus: MetasequoiaMetasequoia occidentalisFamily: Aceraceae
Genus: AcerAcer arcticumFamily: Actinidiaceae
Genus: ActinidiaActinidia harutoriensisFamily: Alangiaceae
Genus: AlangiumAlangium basiobliquumAlangium basitruncatumFamily: Araliaceae
Genus: AraliaAralia ezoanaFamily: Betulaceae
Genus: AlnusAlnus ezoensisFamily: Boraginaceae
Genus: CordiaCordia japonicaFamily: Cercidiphyllaceae
Genus: CercidiphyllumCercidiphyllum eojaponicumFamily: Flacourtiaceae
Genus: IdesiaIdesia kushiroensisFamily: Myrsinaceae
Genus: MaesaMaesa nipponicaFamily: Platanaceae
Genus: PlatanusPlatanus aceroidesPlatanus guillelmaeFamily: Sapindaceae
Genus: CupaniaCupania japonicaFamily Ulmaceae
Genus: PlaneraPlanera ezoanaGenus: TremaTrema asiaticaGenus: UlmusUlmus harutoriensisGenus: ZelkovaZelkova kushiroensis''
See also
Kushiro Coal Mine
Kushiro City Museum
References
Geologic formations of Japan
Landforms of Hokkaido
Haedropleura laeta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
Description
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Sumatra, Indonesia.
References
Thiele, J. (1929). Handbuch der Systematischen Weichtierkunde. Vol. 1. Erster Teil. Loricata. Gastropoda. I: Prosobranchia (Vorderkeimer). Gustav Fischer, Jena, 376 pp.
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
laeta
Rabaul Urban LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
81. Rabaul Town
References
Local-level governments of East New Britain Province
Operation Toan Thang I ("Complete Victory") was a U.S. Army, Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN), 1st Australian Task Force and Royal Thai Volunteer Regiment operation conducted between 8 April and 31 May 1968 in the Vietnam War. The operation was part of a reaction to the Tet Offensive designed to put pressure on Vietcong (VC) and People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) forces in III Corps.
Background
Following the successful conclusion of Operation Quyet Thang which reestablished South Vietnamese control in the areas around Saigon, II Field Force commander LTG Frederick C. Weyand expanded the security operations from around Saigon into a counteroffensive involving nearly every combat unit in III Corps to pursue VC/PAVN forces.
Operation
The operation commenced on 8 April. In its first week Allied troops killed 709 VC/PAVN, in the second week 892 VC/PAVN were killed and in the last week of April 792 VC/PAVN were killed. Most of these losses resulted from squad and company-size firefights or helicopter gunship, tactical air strikes or artillery fire missions.
On the early morning of 12 April while the 3rd Brigade, 25th Infantry Division swept VC Base Area 355, a forested area 5 km northwest of the Michelin Rubber Plantation in Binh Duong Province, VC sappers from the 271st Regiment attacked the southwestern part of the night defense position of the 3rd Battalion, 22nd Infantry Regiment. The Americans returned fire as several hundred mortar rounds began to hit the position. At 04:00, a VC battalion came out of the trees and headed for the sector held by Company B. By 04:30, the VC had breached the perimeter and was threatening to push further in. At 05:00 the VC advance was stopped air and artillery strikes and the defenders were able to organize a counterattack. The reconnaissance platoon from the 3/22nd Infantry arrived to help Company B and at 06:15 a group of M113s from the 2/22nd Infantry arrived forcing the VC to break contact and withdrew by 07:00, leaving behind 153 dead. U.S. losses were 16 killed. The 3/22nd Infantry pursued the 271st Regiment and killed another 51 VC for the loss of 7 U.S. killed.
On 18 April Troop A, 1st Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment engaged a VC force in a bunker complex 19 km east of Bến Cát. The VC used CS gas against the Americans and eventually disengaged, losing at least 57 killed.
On 25 April, 2 RAR/NZ (ANZAC) and 3 RAR were deployed to the Bien Hoa-Long Khanh border (now Dong Nai Province) to join the operation in anticipation of the attack. The two 1 ATF infantry battalions were supported by their two artillery batteries - one Australian and one New Zealand, a squadron of armoured personnel carriers from 3 Cavalry Regiment (A Squadron), 1 Field Squadron Royal Australian Engineers and 161 Independent Reconnaissance Flight Army Aviation. 3 RAR was replaced by 1 RAR on 3 May. On 5 May, the two 1 ATF battalions were redeployed further north into Bien Hoa Province. Search and destroy patrols saw several contacts with VC but with the attack not happening as expected the ANZAC battalion returned to its TAOR in Phuoc Tuy Province on 10 May to prepare 2 RAR and one of the two RNZIR companies for their departures from Vietnam. However for the Australians and New Zealanders subsequent actions would lead to the Battle of Coral-Balmoral.
Aftermath
The operation was a success with allied forces claiming 7,645 VC/PAVN killed, however the operation did not prevent the VC/PAVN from launching their May Offensive attacks against Saigon.
The official PAVN history described the operation as "causing a great many difficulties for our units trying to approach their targets" for the May Offensive and "during their advance toward [Saigon] our units were forced to fight as they marched and their forces suffered attrition."
With improved security in the countryside South Vietnamese Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support teams began returning to the villages and hamlets which had been abandoned to the VC with the start of the Tet Offensive. These teams generally found that the rural population was dismayed by the Allies' failure to protect them in the Tet Offensive and yearning for effective security from the VC, who had been taxing and recruiting them during the preceding two months.
The operation was immediately followed by Operation Toan Thang II in the same area with the same forces.
References
1968 in Vietnam
Battles and operations of the Vietnam War in 1968
Toan Thang
Battles involving the United States
Battles involving Vietnam
History of Bình Dương province
History of Đồng Nai Province
The Fraser Valley Historical Railway Society is restoring an old interurban streetcar system, which it plans to operate as a heritage streetcar system, centered on Surrey, British Columbia. The heritage service began in June 2013.It is one of two operating historical tramways in the province.
System
The heritage line is long, using only a small fraction of the original interurban line of the British Columbia Electric Railway that connected Vancouver to Chilliwack.
The interurban runs 4 times a day on weekends; the entire journey takes 55 minutes.
One of two operational interurbans is run on weekend, from stations at Cloverdale to Sullivan.
Volunteers restored the stations to their appearance at the height of the old line's service.
In 2016, the Edmonton Radial Railway Society donated the former Edmonton Transit Service 2001, a 1912 electric locomotive that once ran on this rail line. This locomotive was in turn donated to the Oregon Electric Railway Historical Society in 2017. This is because the Oregon Electric Railway was the original owner of this locomotive.
See also
British Columbia Electric Railway
Southern Railway of British Columbia, uses BCER tracks
References
External links
Fraser Valley Heritage Railway Society – official website
Heritage streetcar systems
Heritage railways in British Columbia
Opisthotropis daovantieni, Tien's mountain stream snake, is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1998
Reptiles of Vietnam
The 1996 Skate Israel was the 2nd edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla, Israel. It was held at the Canada Centre. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israel
Skate Israel
The Thomson TO9 is a home computer introduced by French company Thomson SA in 1985.
It's based on the Thomson TO7/70 with new features. It included a built-in 320 Kb 3.5" floppy drive unit, and inputs for light pen, joystick, and mouse. The ROM included some utilities like: two BASIC versions, a word processor (Paragraphe) and a database program (Fiche & Dossiers). The machine was compatible with the previous TO7 and TO7/70 models.
Introduced in October 1985, the Thomson TO9 was quickly replaced with the Thomson TO9+ that came out in 1986.
References
6809-based home computers
Thomson computers
Jeffrey Manning (died February 13, 2004) was a county prosecutor and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Manning was born in Elyria, Ohio. They earned a bachelor's degree from Kent State University and a PhD from the University of Akron.
They were appointed to be Lorain County, Ohio prosecutor to succeed Gregory White, who left to become United States Attorney for Northern Ohio. Manning died of complications of a heart condition in 2004. Their wife, Gayle Manning, is currently (2010) a candidate for the Ohio Senate in district 13.
References
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
2004 deaths
Ohio Republicans
21st-century American politicians
1949 births
, provisional designation , is a stony asteroid of the Apollo group, classified as near-Earth object and potentially hazardous asteroid, approximately 1 kilometer in diameter. It was discovered on 1 May 1989, by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at the U.S. Palomar Observatory in California. On 27 May 2022, the asteroid made a close approach from Earth. During the close approach, optical observations detected signs of an orbiting satellite, which was later confirmed by radar imaging at NASA's Goldstone Solar System Radar in California.
Orbit and classification
The S-type asteroid orbits the Sun at a distance of 0.9–2.6 AU once every 2 years and 4 months (861 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.48 and an inclination of 15° with respect to the ecliptic. The first observation was made at the discovering observatory in April 1989, extending the asteroid's observation arc by 1 month prior to its discovery observation. It has a minimum orbital intersection distance to Earth of which corresponds to 8.8 lunar distances.
Physical characteristics
During its discovery in May 1989, radiometric observations for this asteroid at Arecibo and Goldstone Observatory rendered a rotation period of less than 12 hours (). According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, the asteroid measures 0.93 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a high albedo of 0.31–0.32, while the Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for stony asteroids of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 1.18 kilometers, based on an absolute magnitude of 17.0.
Naming
As of 2022, remains unnamed.
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
007335
Discoveries by Eleanor F. Helin
007335
19890501
007335
007335
The is a 16.5 km (10.3 mi) railway line in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). It connects Takaoka Station in Takaoka with Himi Station in Himi.
Service outline
Although technically different lines, the Himi Line and the Jōhana Line are sometimes advertised as a single entity. Both start from Takaoka Station and share train sets with local livery.
Stations
History
The line opened on 29 December 1900 between Takaoka and Fushiki, operated by the Chuetsu Railway. It was extended to Himi on 19 September 1912. The company was nationalised on 1 September 1920. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the Himi Line was transferred to the ownership and control of JR West.
References
External links
Jōhana and Himi Line information
Rail transport in Toyama Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1900
1900 establishments in Japan
Hannah Martin (born 27 June 1988) is an American judoka.
 They are the silver medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Tashkent in the -63 kg category.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
American male judoka
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Pan American Games medalists in judo
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Judoka at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
In alternative medicine, bodywork is any therapeutic or personal development technique that involves working with the human body in a form involving manipulative therapy, breath work, or energy medicine. Bodywork techniques also aim to assess or improve posture, promote awareness of the "bodymind connection" which is an approach that sees the human body and mind as a single integrated unit, or to manipulate the electromagnetic field alleged to surround the human body and affect health.
Forms
Some of the best known forms of non-touch bodywork methods include: reiki, yoga, pranayama, as well as other non-touch methods: breathwork respiration techniques, therapeutic touch, the Bates method for sight training, qigong, and t'ai chi.
The better known forms of manipulative bodywork include the Bowen technique, chiropractic, reflexology, Rolfing, postural integration, shiatsu, and the Trager approach. There are also some methods that use light touch (not tissue work) to retrain movement patterns or shift awareness of the body, including the Alexander technique, the Feldenkrais method, the Hakomi method, integrative body psychotherapy, craniosacral therapy, and somatic experiencing.
Massage
One form of bodywork is deep tissue massage therapy, and the terms massage and bodywork are often used interchangeably. While bodywork includes all forms of massage techniques, it also includes many other types of touch therapies.
Statistics in the United States
According to a 2002 survey of adults in the United States by the National Center for Complementary and Integrative Medicine (NCCIH) and the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS):
Acupuncture was used by 4.0% of the population, with 1.1% having used it in the last year.
Chiropractic was used by 19.9% of the population, with 7.5% having used it in the last year.
Deep breathing exercises were used by 14.6% of the population, with 11.6% having used the technique in the last year.
Yoga was used by 7.5% of the population, with 5.1% having used it in the last year.
T'ai chi was used by 2.5% of the population, with 1.3% having used it in the last year.
Qigong was used by 0.5% of the population, with 0.3% having used it in the last year.
Energy healing and reiki were used by 1.1% of the population, with 0.5% having used it in the last year.
See also
Somatics
Energy medicine
References
Manual therapy
Mind–body interventions
Massage therapy
In five-dimensional geometry, a truncated 5-orthoplex is a convex uniform 5-polytope, being a truncation of the regular 5-orthoplex.
There are 4 unique truncations of the 5-orthoplex. Vertices of the truncation 5-orthoplex are located as pairs on the edge of the 5-orthoplex. Vertices of the bitruncated 5-orthoplex are located on the triangular faces of the 5-orthoplex. The third and fourth truncations are more easily constructed as second and first truncations of the 5-cube.
Truncated 5-orthoplex
Alternate names
Truncated pentacross
Truncated triacontiditeron (Acronym: tot) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of a truncated 5-orthoplex, centered at the origin, are all 80 vertices are sign (4) and coordinate (20) permutations of
(±2,±1,0,0,0)
Images
The truncated 5-orthoplex is constructed by a truncation operation applied to the 5-orthoplex. All edges are shortened, and two new vertices are added on each original edge.
Bitruncated 5-orthoplex
The bitruncated 5-orthoplex can tessellate space in the tritruncated 5-cubic honeycomb.
Alternate names
Bitruncated pentacross
Bitruncated triacontiditeron (acronym: gart) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of a truncated 5-orthoplex, centered at the origin, are all 80 vertices are sign and coordinate permutations of
(±2,±2,±1,0,0)
Images
The bitrunacted 5-orthoplex is constructed by a bitruncation operation applied to the 5-orthoplex. All edges are shortened, and two new vertices are added on each original edge.
Related polytopes
This polytope is one of 31 uniform 5-polytopes generated from the regular 5-cube or 5-orthoplex.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
x3x3o3o4o - tot, x3x3x3o4o - gart
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
5-polytopes
A Pre-existing Condition is the ninth album by American folk rock musician David Dondero, released on February 22, 2011 by Ghostmeat Records. It came eight years after their third release with Ghostmeat, Spider West Myshkin and a City Bus.
Track listing
Willin' – 2:14
Not Everybody Loves Your Doggie Like You Do – 2:41
Freight Train – 2:01
Kiss An Angel Good Mornin' – 2:47
Don't Cry No Tears – 2:38
Please Hand Me Over to the Undertaker 3:37
Pretty Boy Floyd – 3:46
(Is Anybody Going To) San Antone – 2:47
Boxcar – 2:00
Song For Buck Owens – 2:23
Let Me Die in My Footsteps – 3:41
T For Texas – 2:59
A Pre-Existing Condition – 4:31
External links
http://www.ghostmeat.com/daviddondero.html
David Dondero albums
2011 albums
King's Resort is a casino and resort located in Rozvadov, Czech Republic. The casino currently houses the largest poker room in Europe.
History
In 2002, art collector and poker player Leon Tsoukernik decided to open a casino. King's Casino Rozvadov opened on 26 June 2003. In 2015, its cooperation with the World Series of Poker (WSOP) started with a WSOP Circuit Event. King's Casino has hosted the WSOP Europe since 2017 (and will last until 2021, or potentially longer). In 2018, the King's Casino was renamed to King's Resort.
Approximately two hundred thousand poker players played in the casino in 2014. Over €15 million was paid out to players in poker tournament price pools that year. Tsoukernik closed a deal with the organizers of the World Series of Poker for the first WSOP Circuit Festival hosted in the Czech Republic. In 2017 the Czech Republic took over hosting the WSOP Europe.
The 2017 €10,350 WSOPE Main Event was won by Marti Roca De Torres and the $111,111 One Drop High Roller was won by Dominik Nitsche. The 2018 €10,350 WSOPE Main Event was won by Jack Sinclair and the €100,000 Super High Roller was won by Martin Kabrhel.
In 2017, over thirty thousand players attended the WSOPE, making it the most successful WSOPE to date. The success of the Czech premiere led to a deal, which allows the WSOPE to take place in the Czech Republic annually until 2022, with further cooperation being open for discussion. The WSOPE Festivals had been held every second year.
The casino hosted professional poker player, Tony G's birthday, holding a €200,000 guaranteed PLO tournament.
Casino
The gambling area measures 64,584 ft2 or 6,000 m2. In 2009, the casino began focusing on poker. King's Casino has over 160 poker tables making it the largest poker room in Europe. Poker tournaments are offered daily with guaranteed prize pools ranging €3,000 and higher.
The casino features roulette, blackjack, baccarat, craps. Over 300 slot machines are also present on the casino floor.
The total capacity of the hotel is approximately 400 rooms and is equipped with a Japanese, Turkish and Swedish sauna, as well as, a fitness studio and swimming pool. An art gallery is located between the hotel and gambling area with 25 art pieces featuring the Daimler Motorkutsche (1886) and the Benz Patent-Motorwagen (1886) by Andy Warhol, a Swarovski armchair, and works by Václav Radimský and Tony Cragg.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in the Plzeň Region
Tachov District
Casinos completed in 2003
Pattiyage Sunil Soma Peiris (Pattiyage Sunil Soma Peiris, 13 April 1948 – 10 December 2021) () was a Sri Lankan screenwriter, actor, editor and filmmaker in Sri Lankan cinema. They were a prolific director who directed the most number of films in Sri Lankan cinema with forty five commercial films in various genres.
Personal life
They were born on 13 April 1948 in Maharagama, Ceylon, as the second child of the family with eight siblings. Their father Salaman Peiris, was a business person and mother was a housewife. They completed education from Buwanekaba Maha Vidyalaya, Maharagama. Their school contemporaries are Nuwan Gunawardena, Amarasiri Peiris and Kandupola Kumaratunga.
In 1971, they married their longtime partner, Malani Ayesha Perera. The couple has two sons: Rohana Prema Kumara, Sudesh Wasantha and one daughter, Vasanthika Piyanga Kumuduni. Vasanthika's son Keshan Prasanna is a popular musician. Their son Sudesh Wasantha Pieris is also a filmmaker, actor and playback singer of Sinhala cinema. Sudesh's daughter Chamathka is a songstress and playback singer.
Since the 1980s, they suffered minor complications with diabetes. In 2016, their body sugar increased and kidneys failed because of the effects of the drugs that they had taken for diabetes. At that time, they had a kidney transplant. Since 2016, diabetes got worse, where the left leg was cut below the knee and removed. In January 2019, a part of the right leg was also removed.
Peiris died on 10 December 2021 at their residence at the age of 72.
Career
During school times, they acted in many Vesak dramas conducted in their hometown. Then they joined the drama group of Albert Gurunnanse and acted in Kolam dramas. They entered Sinhala cinema with a minor uncredited role in Henry Chandrawansa's film Vanagatha Kella. Then they made group characters in the films lakseṭa Koḍiya and Vahal Dūpata. While acting in the 1973 film Thushara as a stuntman, they informed the director Yasapalitha Nanayakkara about their passion to become a filmmaker. Therefore, they were finally selected as the second assistant director of the film. After the film, Sunil Soma became the first assistant director of Yasapalitha Nanayakkara and together they completed 18 films.
In 1985, they made their debut cinema direction with Obata Diwura Kiyannam. Then within 25 years, they made forty-five films. Out of the forty five films made by him, eight were co-directed with their son Sudesh Wasantha. In 1986 they co-directed the film Dinuma with Ananda Wickramasinghe. The first seven films (Obaṭa Divurā Kiyannam, Jaya Apaṭai, Mamai Rajā, Raja Wæḍakārayō, Yukthiyaṭa Væḍa, Dinuma and Obaṭai Priyē Aādarē) directed by Sunil Soma were screened for more than 100 days in a row, a record in Sinhala cinema. Also, their film Mamai Raja was screened for more than 200 days, a record in Sinhala film history. In 1993, they directed the Tamil film Sharmilavin Ithaya Ragam. Meanwhile, thirty-eight of their films were produced by Sunil T. Fernando, another record in Sinhala cinema for number of films by same director-producer collaboration. Also, Sunil Soma is the second Sri Lankan filmmaker to direct films under two names. In some films, they used the name P. S. S. Pieris. (The first filmmaker was K. Venkatasalam who directed films under the name K. Venkat.)
In 1986, they directed the film Obatai Priye Adare which was screened in 1987. Before the assassination of lead actor Vijaya Kumaratunga in February 1987, the film ran 75 days with less income. But after the assassination, the film ran for 130 days and became a blockbuster. On the final day of screening at Ritz Hall, the film crew donated 10 wheelchairs to commemorate Kumaratunga. In 1989, their film Mamai Raja became a blockbuster hit and passed 100 days. After reaching 100 days, producers Sonia Disa and Sunil T. opened two bank books for Kumaratunga's children, Vimukthi and Yashodara and Rs. 25,000 was deposited. Sunil Soma introduced many actors and actores to the Sinhala film such as: Anoja Weerasinghe, Anusha Damayanthi, Ruwanthi Mangala, Damith Fonseka, Shashi Wijendra, Arjuna Kamalanath and Anarkali Akarsha.
In 1997, they entered active politics where they became a Member of the Maharagama Urban Council.
Filmography
As a director
Other roles
References
External links
1949 births
2021 deaths
Sri Lankan film directors
Sri Lankan film people
Sri Lankan film editors
Sri Lankan filmmakers
Sri Lankan film producers
People from Colombo District
Pasha Kola (, also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā and Pāshā Kalā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,399, in 370 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The 1986 Maryland gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1986. Democratic nominee William Donald Schaefer defeated Republican nominee Thomas J. Mooney with 82.37% of the vote. To date this is the largest percentage total ever for a contested statewide election in Maryland.
, this was the last time a candidate from either party carried every county in a gubernatorial election, and the last time the Democratic candidate won a majority of counties in a gubernatorial election.  They are also the last Democrat to win the following counties: Garrett, Washington, Frederick, Carroll, Anne Arundel, Kent, Queen Anne's, Talbot, Caroline, Dorchester, Wicomico, and Somerset.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on September 9, 1986.
Democratic primary
Candidates
William Donald Schaefer, Mayor of Baltimore
Stephen H. Sachs, Attorney General of Maryland
Lawrence K. Freeman
Mary Fellenbaum Holter
Results
General election
Candidates
William Donald Schaefer, Democratic
Thomas J. Mooney, Republican
Results
References
1986
Maryland
Gubernatorial
Carolyn Hopkins is an American public service announcer. Them recorded voice announcements are heard in major transportation systems around the world.
Career
Hopkins's recorded unattended baggage announcements range from service status updates to safety tips. Them voice can be heard in more than 200 airports over the world, including Pittsburgh International Airport, LaGuardia Airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport, Incheon International Airport, Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, Mérida International Airport, and Denver International Airport. They have also recorded for such public transit systems as the New York City Subway, the Staten Island Ferry, Grand Central Terminal, and the Paris Métro.
Originally from Louisville, Kentucky, Hopkins now lives in Maine. Them first voice recording was for RCA in Indianapolis, while their first airport service announcement was for O'Hare International Airport.
When co-founder Hardy Martin and three other partners started IED (Innovative Electronic Designs), they chose Hopkins as one of their first voices. It was for the Typhoon Lagoon attraction at Disney World in Florida in 1989.
Hopkins records all the public address announcements from their home studio in Hampden, Maine and sends them via email. Hopkins was named one of the 500 most important people in history by Mental Floss Magazine in December 2015.
According to Hopkins, they have ridden the New York City Subway just once, in 1957.
As of 2016, Hopkins still records for IED from their home.
See also
Emma Clarke, the voice on a majority of the London Underground
Bernie Wagenblast, another voice on the New York City Subway, AirTrain JFK and AirTrain Newark
References
External links
NPR: The Voice That Gets You Where You Need To Go
Metro Videos: Carolyn Hopkins Woman Behind The Voice at 200 Airports
Public address announcers
Living people
New York City Subway
Year of birth missing (living people)
Henry Metcalf (20 April 1878 – 3 March 1966) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a forward.
They made 1 appearance for South Africa in 1903.
References
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
People from Theewaterskloof Local Municipality
1878 births
1966 deaths
Rugby union forwards
John Munro of Foulis (died 1491) was a Scottish clan chief of the highland Clan Munro in Rosshire, Scotland.  They are by tradition the 11th Baron of Foulis and 14th overall chief of the clan. However, they are actually only the 4th chief of the Clan Munro who can be proved by contemporary evidence.
Lineage
John Munro of Foulis was the son of George Munro, 10th Baron of Foulis who had been killed in 1452 at the Battle of Bealach nam Broig. According to tradition the chieftainship was then left to a baby lying in a cradle. If the tradition is true then John Munro would be this baby. While in minority their uncle, John Munro, 1st of Milntown, was "Tutor of Foulis" and in 1454 they went on a private raid into Perthshire which resulted in the Battle of Clachnaharry.
Lands and charters
In 1453, John Munro of Foulis had sasine of their late father's lands on precept by John of Islay, Earl of Ross (who was also Lord of the Isles and chief of Clan Donald). The Earldom of Ross was forfeited in 1476 and John Munro of Foulis was made Crown Chamberlain of the confiscated estates. This included John Munro of Foulis being made governor of Dingwall Castle. A crown charter regranted to John the lands of Findon in the Earldom of Ormond in 1478. In October, 1487, John Munro is designated "Lord of Fowlis".
Different sources give different dates of John Munro's death. The Martine MS written by George Martine in the late 17th century gives the date as 1490. The Munro Tree of 1734 gives the year as 1496. However contemporary documents, the Munro Writs of Foulis gives the date as 5 June 1491.
Family
John married Finvola, daughter of William Calder, Thane of Cawdor and chief of Clan Calder, who was also Crown Chamberlain "beyond the spey". John Munro and Finvola had two sons:
William Munro, 12th Baron of Foulis (heir and successor as chief of the Clan Munro).
Thomas Munro, described in a document dated 20 June 1499 but there is no further trace of him, according to historian Alexander Mackenzie. Historian R.W. Munro states that statements that John had a second son called Thomas are based on a Dunbar/Mackintosh agreement.
See also
Chiefs of Clan Munro
References
John
People from Ross and Cromarty
1491 deaths
Munro, John
Year of birth unknown
Six ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Hasty:
was a 12-gun gunvessel launched in 1797 and sold in 1802.
was a 12-gun gun-brig launched in 1812. They became a survey vessel in 1819, a mud-engine in 1827, and was still in service in 1870.
was an wooden screw gunboat launched in 1856 and sold in 1865.
was a launched in 1894 and sold in 1912.
HMS Hasty was a tender transferred from the War Department in 1906 as , renamed HMS Hasty in 1913 and sold in 1932.
was an H-class destroyer launched in 1936 and sunk in 1942 after being torpedoed by an E-boat.
Royal Navy ship names
Anuk Fernando (born 1 August 1995) is a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. They were part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Kandy Crusaders cricketers
Matara District cricketers
Alumni of St. Sebastian's College, Moratuwa
Raven is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within Red Deer County, located on Highway 54, southwest of Red Deer. The Raven River flows near it.
Localities in Red Deer County
Goeldiella eques is a species of three-barbeled catfish that occurs in the Guianas and the Amazon basin of Brazil, Peru and Venezuela. This fish reaches a length of SL. It is the only species of its genus.
References
Heptapteridae
Monotypic fish genera
Catfish of South America
Freshwater fish of Brazil
Fish of French Guiana
Fish of Guyana
Freshwater fish of Peru
Fish of Suriname
Fish of Venezuela
Fish of the Amazon basin
Fish described in 1849
Monotypic freshwater fish genera
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Carl H. Eigenmann
The 1999–2000 Slovak Extraliga season was the seventh season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in Slovakia. Eight teams participated in the league, and HC Slovan Bratislava won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinals
HC Slovan Bratislava - Dukla Trenčín 3:0 (10:2, 2:0, 2:1)
HKm Zvolen - HK ŠKP Poprad 3:2 (0:2, 5:2, 4:1, 0:5, 3:0)
Final
HC Slovan Bratislava - HKm Zvolen 3:2 (0:1, 5:1, 2:3, 3:1, 8:1)
Third place
Dukla Trenčín - HK ŠKP Poprad 2:0 (6:4, 3:1)
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
Slov
Slovak
de:Extraliga (Slowakei) 2001/02
Zayne Emory (born June 3, 1998) is an American actor and singer.  They are known for their role as J. C. Spink in the ABC's situation comedy The Goldbergs.
Biography
Emory was born in McMinnville, Oregon. They developed an interest in acting from an early age. While in elementary school, Emory won a 2007 Gallery Theater Award for Outstanding Youth Debut and a 2008 Oregon State Double Grand Championship at a Youth Focus Talent show. They made their screen debut at the age of eleven in a 2009 episode of Criminal Minds. After that, Emory had roles in other shows like Desperate Housewives, Ghost Whisperer, and CSI: Miami. In 2010, they also joined the cast of the music comedy show I'm in the Band in the role of Charles "Chucky" Albertson. Emory earned the Young Artist Award in 2011 and 2012 for the role. They were also nominated for their role in Shake It Up and A.N.T. Farm in 2014.
Aside from TV, Emory has also appeared in several feature films. They made their film debut in 2011 in the romantic comedy Crazy, Stupid, Love, starring Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, and Julianne Moore. After that, they have appeared in other films like Little Loopers and Maximum Ride. Since 2016, Emory has had several recurring roles in shows like 24: Legacy, Supergirl, Runaways, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, and The Rookie. In 2015, they were cast as J. C. Spink, replacing Cooper Roth, for the second season of ABC's situation comedy The Goldbergs.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1998 births
American male child actors
Living people
People from McMinnville, Oregon
Male actors from Oregon
Gal Koren (born January 16, 1992) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract to HK Olimpija of the Alps Hockey League (AlpsHL).
Koren competed at the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Domžale
HDD Olimpija Ljubljana players
Kelowna Rockets players
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Manchester Storm (2015–) players
Slovenian ice hockey centres
Samuel Clarke Biggs (8 October 1851 – 27 September 1911) was a Canadian politician in the province of Manitoba.
Born in Ancaster, Wentworth County, Canada West, the son of Richard Biggs and Eleanor Wood, Biggs was educated at Victoria College in Cobourg, and the University of Toronto where they received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1872. They studied to be a lawyer and was made a King's Counsel in 1884. They moved to Winnipeg in 1875 and became the head of the law firm of Biggs, Dawson and Curran. From 1878 to 1879, they were a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba and was Minister of Public Works in 1879. In 1878, they helped to establish The Winnipeg Daily Sun. They moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota, and then returned to Toronto.
Footnotes
References
1851 births
1911 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba
Politicians from Hamilton, Ontario
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Eugênio de Araújo Sales (8 November 1920 – 9 July 2012) was a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church, having been elevated by Pope Paul VI on 28 April 1969. They served as archbishop of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro for thirty years until their resignation was accepted in 2001, when they had already passed the maximum age for voting in a papal conclave. They were the Cardinal Protopriest of the Holy Roman Church and also the longest-serving living Cardinal of the Catholic Church from 16 February 2009 until their death.
Early life and ordination
Sales was born in Acari, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil to a prominent upper-class family: their father, Celso Dantas Sales, was a judge in the Court of Appeals of the State of Rio Grande do Norte. Eugênio Sales did humanistic studies as a teenager and entered the minor seminary at Natal in 1936. After spending one year in the minor seminary, Sales graduated to the major seminary at Fortaleza, where they prepared to the priesthood from 1937 to 1943.
They were ordained to the priesthood on 21 November 1943, and spent the following decade in pastoral work in the Archdiocese of Natal.
Bishop
Pope Pius XII appointed Sales to the episcopate, naming them titular bishop of Thibica and auxiliary bishop of Natal on 1 June 1954. Sales was consecrated a bishop on 15 August 1954.
On 9 January 1962, Pope John XXIII named Sales Apostolic Administrator of Natal, and on 9 July 1964 Pope Paul VI transferred them to the Primatial See of São Salvador da Bahia also as apostolic administrator sede plena.
Bishop Sales attended all the sessions of the Second Vatican Council between 1962 and 1965.
On 29 October 1968, Sales, until then apostolic administrator, was appointed Metropolitan Archbishop of São Salvador da Bahia, becoming ex officio the Primate of Brazil.
Cardinal
On the consistory of 28 April 1969, Pope Paul created Archbishop Sales a Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church. On 30 April 1969 Cardinal Sales received their red biretta and the title of Cardinal-Priest of S. Gregorio VII.
Sales, then Metropolitan Archbishop of Salvador and Primate of Brazil was appointed papal legate to the Brazilian National Eucharistic Congress held in 1970 and in that capacity they presided over the asupervisorstioned gathering, which took place in Brasília, the Nation's capital.
On 13 March 1971, Pope Paul VI transferred Sales to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro. Sales took possession of their new See on 27 March 1971. In 1972 Sales received the additional responsibility of Ordinary to the Faithful of Oriental Rite in Brazil without their own Ordinary.
As a Cardinal-elector, Sales participated in the August and October 1978 conclaves.
Sales led the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Saint Sebastian of Rio de Janeiro for thirty years, between 1971 and 2001.
In the Roman Curia, Sales was appointed a member of the Council of Cardinals for the Study of the Organizational and Economic Problems of Holy See in 1981.
While serving as Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro, Sales attended the II Ordinary Assembly of the Synod of Bishops in 1971, the III General Conference of the Latin American Episcopate in 1979, the Extraordinary Consistory (plenary meeting of the College of Cardinals) also in 1979, the V Ordinary Assembly of the Synod of Bishops, the Extraordinary Consistory of 1982, the VI Ordinary Assembly of the Synod of Bishops, in 1983, the Extraordinary Consistory of 1985 and the Second Extraordinary Assembly of the Synod of Bishops, also in 1985, the 4th General Conference of the Latin American Episcopate, in 1992.
Chosen by Pope John Paul II, they served as president-delegate of the Special Synod of Bishops for America that was held in 1997.
In addition to their service as papal legate a latere in 1970 and of their legation as president delegate of the Special Assembly for America of the Synod of Bishops in 1997, Sales also served as Special Papal Envoy on three occasions: the first was when, in 1991, they presided over the 12th National Eucharistic Congress of Brazil held in the city of Natal; their second appointment as special papal envoy came after their retirement as Archbishop of Rio, when they represented the Pope during the celebrations held in Aparecida marking three events: the centennial of the Coronation of the image of Our Lady Aparecida by mandate of Pope Pius X in 1904, the 150th anniversary of the proclamation of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception, and a renewed Papal Coronation of the image of Our Lady Aparecida, performed by Sales on behalf of Pope Jonh Paul II; the triple celebration took place on 8 September 2004. Sales' third mission as special papal envoy was performed when they travelled to Braga, Portugal, and there presided, on 8 December 2004 over celebrations commemorating the centennial of the coronation of the image of Our Lady of Sameiro and the sesquicentennial of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception.
As of July 2011, Pope Benedict XVI held three days of prayer and reflection, each on the eve of an ordinary public consistory for the creation of new Cardinals. Although those days of prayer and reflection were not convoked as formal extraordinary consistories, all members of the College of Cardinals (electors and non-electors) were summoned to attend the meetings, together with the prelates that were about to be raised to the cardinalate. Sales attended all three of those meetings, on 23 March 2006, 23 November 2007 and 19 November 2010.
Retirement
In accordance with Canon Law, Sales tendered their resignation from the See of Rio de Janeiro when they became 75 years old in 1995, and they reiterated the letter of resignation a few times in the succeeding years, but Pope John Paul II only accepted Sales' resignation on 25 July 2001. Sales had already completed 80 years of age in the previous year and had thus lost, since 8 November 2000, the right to take part in a papal conclave and their membership in the Dicasteries of the Roman Curia. The fact that they were allowed to continue serving as Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro after that milestone was extremely unusual.
As is the normal practice, by mandate of the Holy See, Sales, now Archbishop emeritus, continued to govern the See of Rio de Janeiro as Apostolic Administrator from the acceptance of their resignation on 25 July 2001 until the installation of their successor on 22 September 2001. Sales's transition to retirement was completed on 3 October 2001 when their resignation from the office of Ordinary to the Faithful of Oriental Rite in Brazil without their own Ordinary was accepted by Pope John Paul II.
At the death of Pope John Paul II, Sales was the second-longest-serving cardinal in the Church and as such, although at 84 unable to vote in the 2005 Papal conclave, they played an important role in the pre-conclave discussions. They presided at one of the funeral masses for John Paul II during the Novemdiales (nine days of mourning for the deceased Pope) as senior Cardinal-Priest present in Rome during the 2005 sede vacante. Also in that capacity, Sales was present in the first and third (non-public) parts of the funeral of Pope John Paul II, and was one of those who signed the rogito (the parchment containing biographical data that was placed inside the papal coffin). Cardinal Stephen Kim Sou-hwan, the then Cardinal Protopriest, was ill and was not present in Rome during the days of the sede vacante. As the next Cardinal in the order of precedence, Sales therefore performed the duties of the Protopriest at that time. Cardinal Kim did manage to arrive for the installation of the new Roman Pontiff, Pope Benedict XVI.
After the death of Cardinal Kim in February 2009, Sales became both the Cardinal protoprete and also the longest serving living Cardinal of the Catholic Church. On 28 April 2009, Sales completed 40 years as a member of the College of Cardinals.
On 8 November 2010 the Archdiocese of Rio de Janeiro held celebrations to commemorate the Cardinal's 90th birthday; by the time of their 90th birthday, Sales was already the last living Cardinal created in the Consistory of 28 April 1969. They were thus the last living person to have been raised to the Cardinalate before the entry into force of the modern form of the Mass promulgated by Pope Paul VI with the Constitution Missale Romanum.
Although retired, Sales still engaged in pastoral activities. They still kept the commitment of writing a weekly article on a topic of faith or morals, which was published in the O Globo newspaper, and as of March 2011 they were still often seen celebrating Mass on Sundays or other holy days in the parish church of Our Lady of Peace in the neighbourhood of Ipanema. That parish church is adjacent to a Church owned office building where Sales maintained an office.
In May 2011 the 90-year-old Cardinal stopped publishing their weekly articles in O Globo (he had written weekly articles for the newspaper for 40 years, since their installation as Archbishop of Rio in 1971) and, on their recommendation, the Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro, Orani João Tempesta, was invited by the owners of the newspaper to continue the religious articles and they agreed to assume that task. Sales' last article was published on 25 April 2011.
Death
Sales died at age 91 during their sleep on 9 July 2012 from a heart attack. Their funeral mass and burial were on Wednesday, 11 July 2012, with Rio de Janeiro's current archbishop, Orani João Tempesta, presiding along with the other prelates of the archdiocese.
Views
Protests against human rights violations
As Archbishop of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro from 1971, Sales protested the many human rights violations in Brazil during the period of military rule that lasted from 31 March 1964 to 15 March 1985. Their work supporting those tortured by the regime in this era has been only recently noted by historians of Brazil.
Fight against dissent
Following the fall of the military dictatorship and Pope John Paul II's reining in of theological dissent, Sales became the Church in Brazil's most prominent voice against what they saw as dissent from Catholic moral teaching in the country. In the 1990s they made many efforts to become a cultural leader in this struggle: going so far as to oppose the traditional Carnival in Rio de Janeiro with a "festival of prayer" which they saw as opposing trends towards sexual libertinism in modern Brazil.
References
External links
Biography
catholic-hierarchy.org
Secret Dialogues: Church-State Relations, Torture, and Social Justice in Authoritarian Brazil
1920 births
2012 deaths
Brazilian cardinals
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Brazil
Cardinals created by Pope Paul VI
Roman Catholic bishops of Natal
Roman Catholic archbishops of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro
Roman Catholic archbishops of São Salvador da Bahia
Army Material Command (), short "HMAK", was the Royal Danish Army's institution in all matters of material. That included supply, maintenance and production. Anything from tanks to the sunglasses of troops or which kind of chocolate is in the field rations. It was a Level. II command authority, directly under the Defence Command. Before the merger with the air force and navy material commands into the new unified Defense Material Service, FMT.
HMAK was until its end, the oldest institution of the military of Denmark and could trace its history back to 1602. It was run like a modern company, with depots and workshops located all over the country. It employed roughly 1100 people, with 700 of them located in Hjørring. The central authority was located in Hjørring, it has now been taken over by the Defense Material Command, as its headquarters.
History
In 1596 it was thought that it would be a good idea to get an overview over all the war-material in the Kings inventory. So in 1597 the counting and collection in armouries began, primarily to locations in or around Copenhagen and the Kings castle.
In 1598 the construction of the main armoury was begun, called "Tøjhuskomplekset" (today this is known as "Tøjhusmuseet"). Tøjhuskomplekset was to be the main armoury for storage, maintenance and production of the Kings war-material, for both the Army and Navy.
Hans Kost was its first chief and they got their commission on August 18, 1602. This day is therefore counted as the origin of HMAK, which celebrated its 400 anniversary in August 2002. Tøjhuskomplekset was fully finished in 1604.
From 1615 the Artillery-corps handled the administration of the armies material needs. From 1675 the engineers-corps also took some part in this. This worked all the way to 1762, after which a lot of smaller more specified branches took administration of their respective areas.
In 1909 Army Technical Corps (), short "HTK" was formed to take organizational command of some of all those administration areas. Still numerous departments, companies, regiments and corps to handle material came and went doing the next 60 years, some under HTK some independent.
HMAK was formed November 1, 1968, by combining Army Technical Corps, Engineer Technical Service, Army Signal Service, The Weapon Armoury, as well as some smaller areas of other troops, into one organization. The organization was a central authority with three assembling areas (Parkområder), named "Nordjyske Parkområde" (North Jutland Assembly Area), "Sydjyske Parkområde" (South Jutland Assembly Area) and "Sjællandske Parkområde" (Zealand Assembly Area).
November 1, 1971, the central authority relocated to Hjørring. In 1983 "Nordjyske Parkområde" and "Sydjyske Parkområde" were combined into "Jyske Parkområde" (Jutland assembling area).
In January 1991, HMAK was organized into "Army Supply Service" (Hærens Forsyningstjeneste), "Army Technical Service" (Hærens Tekniske Tjeneste), "Jutland assembling area" (Jyske Parkområde), "Zealand assembling area" (Sjællandske Parkområde) and "Munition Arsenal" (Ammunitionsarsenalet).
In 1997 "Jutland assembling area" and "Zealand assembling area" was combined into "Army assembling area" (Hærens Parkområde).
Subordinated Level. III authorities
Army Assembling Area (Hærens Parkområde - HPO)
Zealand Assembling Area (Sjællandske Parkområde)
Jutlandic Assembling Area (Jyske Parkområde)
South Jutlandic Assembling Area (Sydjyske Parkområde)
Army Head Workshop (Hærens Hovedværksted - HHV)
Munition Arsenal (Ammunitionsarsenalet - AMA)
References
Sources
HMAK history Closed down
new command authority active
Army units and formations of Denmark
Hjørring
William Ball (or Balle, 1631–1690) was an English astronomer. They were one of the founding Fellows of the Royal Society. They were appointed the Society's first treasurer on 28 November 1660, and served until 1663.
They were the eldest son of Sir Peter Ball and their wife Anne Cooke, daughter of William Cooke. They became an ardent astronomer, and they gained ownership of a twelve-foot telescope. In 1655, when the Rings of Saturn had apparently disappeared due to being seen edge-on from Earth, Ball and their brother Peter observed them as a band (or "fascia") upon the planet. The same year they established the rotation rate of the planet Saturn.
In 1660 they fell 30 feet onto hard ground. This accident left them in continual ill health. In 1666 they retired to their estate in Devon and in 1668 married Mary Posthuma Hussey, they raised six children. Managing their family's estate together with its distance from London left little time to follow their scientific interests.
In a summary of Ball's observations of Saturn in 1665, their colleague Robert Moray remarked that there appeared "not one body of a Circular Figure, that embraces their Disk, but two". This cryptic remark resulted in the mid-19th century in a claim that Ball had observed what is now known as the Cassini Division in Saturn's rings, ten years before Cassini did himself, and that the feature should more correctly be known as "Ball's Division". However, actual examination of Ball's drawings of their observations does not support this claim.
The crater Ball on the Moon was named after him.
References
1627 births
1690 deaths
17th-century English astronomers
Founder Fellows of the Royal Society
Dioscorea ovinala is a species of yam in the family Dioscoreaceae. It is endemic to Madagascar and grows mostly in dry deciduous forests.
Uses
Dioscorea ovinala is important to the Malagasy people as food and medicine. This species is also used as a starch source.
References
ovinala
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
Lelio dalla Volpe (17 September 1685 – 6 October 1749) was a Bolognese Italian publisher of the 18th century. After the founder's death, their business was carried on by their son, Petronio dalla Volpe (16 November 1721 – 18 September 1794).
External links
18th-century Italian people
Italian printers
1685 births
1749 deaths
Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Company is an American fruit juice company based in Fort Pierce, Florida, that was founded in 1989.
Company history
The company was founded in 1989 by Marygrace Sexton, whose husband was a 4th-generation Florida citrus grower based on the family land along the Indian River. Marygrace and their husband reformed the family's primarily packing-oriented operation to produce freshly-squeezed juice, and in November 1990 landed the new company's first distribution deal with Carnival Fruit of Miami. After a boom of rapid growth, Marygrace turned to their family (the Martinellis) for assistance, and they helped them turn their fledgling outfit into a major juice production facility based out of Fort Pierce, Florida.
Today, the company's products can be found in 30 states and 24 countries, and is a ten-time recipient of the America's Best Tasting Fresh Florida Juice Award. The company is certified by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council.
Products
Natalie's offers the following juices and drinks:
Orange juice
Blood orange juice
Grapefruit juice
Honey tangerine juice
Tomato juice
Orange beet juice
Orange cranberry juice
Orange mango juice
Orange pineapple juice
Pumpkin Apple spice juice
Carrot tomato celery juice
Lemonade
Strawberry lemonade
Half and Half
Lemon juice
Lime juice
Margarita mix
Sweet and Sour Blend
References
External links
Official website
Juice brands
Companies based in Florida
Susan K. Fagan (born December 18, 1947) is an American politician from Washington. Fagan is a former Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives from District 9.
Early life
On December 18, 1947, Fagan was born in Seattle, Washington.
Education
Fagan earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management from Lewis-Clark State College.
Career
Following the death of Rep. Steven Hailey, on November 3, 2009, Fagan won the special election and became a Republican member of Washington House of Representatives for District 9, Position 1.
On November 2, 2010, as an incumbent, Fagan won the election unopposed and continued serving as a member of Washington House of Representatives for District 9, Position 1.
On November 6, 2012, as an incumbent, Fagan won the election unopposed and continued serving as a member of Washington House of Representatives for District 9, Position 1.
On November 4, 2014, as an incumbent, Fagan won the election unopposed and continued serving as a member of Washington House of Representatives for District 9, Position 1.
On Friday, May 1, 2015 Fagan resigned as a member of Washington House of Representatives, following allegations of falsified travel expense forms and pressured their assistants to help with the fraud.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
Personal life
Fagan's husband was John Fagan. They have five children. Fagan and their family live in Pullman, Washington.
References
External links
Susan Fagan at ballotpedia.org
children san Fagan at ourcampaigns.com
1947 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
21st-century American women
The 1978 Eastern Suburbs Roosters season was the 71st in the club's history. They competed in the NSWRFL's 1978 Premiership. They also won the 1978 Amco Cup. Their home ground was the Sydney Sports Ground.
Team line-up
Royce Ayliffe, Artie Beetson (Capt-Coach), Ron Coote, Russell Fairfax, Bob Fulton, Mark Harris, Kevin Hastings, Bill Healey, Grant Hedger, Paul Jelfs, John Mackay, Billy Markou, Gary Metcalfe, Gavin Miller, Michael Mossman, Arthur Mountier, Bill Mullins, Joe Reaiche, Terry Murphy, Bob O'Reilly, Ian Schubert, Kevin Stevens
Ladder
Season summary
The Rd.1 was a thrilling affair, With the scores locked at 14 all and less than a minute to go Sydney's Daily Mirror gives this description of the events that followed.
"Bob Fulton took the ball near their own quarterline. They put Bob O'Reilly through a gap with a deft pass and O'Reilly found Ron Coote backing up on the outside. Coote scooted down the touch line and when caught by the cover defence passed inside to Ian Schubert. Schubert gained valuable ground before also being picked up. They tried to get a pass away inside but the ball went loose and Stevens raced through to kick it ahead. Wests' winger Trevor Scarr easily won the race for the ball but failed to ground it cleanly. Stevens dived on it for a try and converted as full time sounded" ....
Easts defeated St George in the final of the Mid-Week Cup. Kevin Hastings was named Mid-week cup player of the year.
References
Sydney Roosters seasons
Eastern Suburbs Roosters season
Carenum longulum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
longulum
Beetles described in 1916
Tremont Row (1830s-1920s) in Boston, Massachusetts, was a short street that flourished in the 19th and early-20th centuries. It was located near the intersection of Court, Tremont, and Cambridge streets, in today's Government Center area. It existed until the 1920s, when it became known as Scollay Square. In 1859 the Barre Gazette newspaper described Tremont Row as "the great Dry Goods Street of Boston."
Tenants
Anthony Feola Photographer
Thomas Gold Appleton
Austin and Stone's Dime Museum
Thomas Ball, sculptor
Hammatt Billings, architect
Boston Artists' Association
Comstock & Ross
Cutting & Turner, photographers
John J.P. Davis, daguerreotype artist
Dobson & Schumann, photographers
R.A. Dobson, photographer
John Doggett & Co.
Thomas Edwards (artist)
Marguerite F. Foley, "cameo cutter"
E.J. Foss, photographer
Miss Addie M. Gendron, photographer
Frederick Gleason, publisher
Mr. Gray, portrait artist
Harris & Stanwood, silver
Haven, Pierce & Co., shoes
Josiah Johnson Hawes, photographer
Heard & Moseley
John B. Heywood
Albert Gallatin Hoit
Charles Hubbard (artist)
William Hudson Jr., artist
F.A. Jones & Co. "Great Silk and Shawl House"
Joseph Leonard, auctioneer; Leonard & Cunningham
Leonard & Pierce
G.H. Loomis, photographer
Mayer's Confectionary
Mechanic Apprentices Library Association
Naismith Photographer
New England Art Union
William H. Oakes
Alfred Ordway
Pavilion Hotel
George P. Reed, publisher
Scollay Theatre
Sharp & Michelin lithographers
Southworth & Hawes, photographers
I.A. Wetherbee
Merrill G. Wheelock
Moses Wight, artist
new york dental parlors
Images
See also
Scollay Square
References
Further reading
External links
Bostonian Society. Photos:
J.J. Hawes. 57-1/2 Tremont Row at Scollay Square, c. 1865
24-28 Tremont Row at Scollay Square, c. 1880-95
3-7 Tremont Row, c. 1908-1912
Tremont Row, 1912
Tremont Row, Scollay Square, c. 1960
Theatre Comique at 14 Tremont Row, 1916
Library of Congress:
Sheet music published by Oakes & Swan, 8-1/2 Tremont Row, ca1840
Sheet music lithographed by Sharp & Michelin, 17 Tremont Row, ca1840
Sheet music published by Geo. P. Reed, 17 Tremont Row c1843
Streets in Boston
Former buildings and structures in Boston
Economic history of Boston
Government Center, Boston
19th century in Boston
KSJZ (93.3 FM, "Mix 93.3") is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary music format. The station serves Jamestown, North Dakota, Stutsman County, and surrounding small towns including Valley City, Carrington, Edgeley, and others in an 80-mile radius. It is owned by Chesterman Communications.
Both KSJB and KSJZ broadcast from studios at the Buffalo Mall. They share a transmitter site south of Jamestown, on Highway 281.
KSJZ first signed on the air in 1967 with the calls KSJM. Those calls were changed to KSJZ on November 12, 1990 after being purchased by Chesterman Company. From 1967 until early 1991, the station ran automated reel tapes with different music formats. In 1991, they began operating as an Adult Contemporary music station with a live morning deejay and satellite programming the rest of the day. On April 2, 2012 KSJZ changed its format from adult contemporary (as "Kiss 93.3") to hot AC, branded as "Mix 93.3 under the direction of Radio Consulting Services' Jon Holiday".
References
External links
Mix 93.3 official website
SJZ
Hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Jamestown, North Dakota
1967 establishments in North Dakota
Cosmești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ciuperceni and Cosmești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Ultima V: Warriors of Destiny is the fifth entry in the role-playing video game series Ultima released in March 1988. It is the second in the "Age of Enlightenment" trilogy. The game's story takes a darker turn from its predecessor Ultima IV. Britannia's king Lord British is missing, replaced by a tyrant named Lord Blackthorn. The player must navigate a totalitarian world bent on enforcing its virtues through draconian means.
Ultima V sports numerous advances from Ultima IV. The game world is larger, with more towns, further detailed dungeons, and an expansive Underworld to explore. Dialog with NPCs hosts more choices to make during conversation. World interactivity is further increased with new options to search, manipulate, and explore the player's surroundings.
Ultima V was followed by Ultima VI: The False Prophet in 1990.
Plot
After having mastered the eight Virtues, attaining Avatarhood, and retrieving the Codex of Ultimate Wisdom in the previous game, the Avatar is summoned back to Britannia by their old comrades Iolo and Shamino using a magic coin, which was included as a trinket in the game's box. Upon arrival they are greeted by Shamino, but they immediately come under attack from the three powerful beings known as the Shadowlords. After repelling them with the amulet (a feat that cannot be replicated later in the game), the Avatar brings the heavily wounded Shamino to Iolo's nearby hut where Iolo fills them in on recent developments: Lord British has been lost on an expedition into the Underworld, and a tyrant known as Lord Blackthorn now rules Britannia in their stead. Blackthorn enforces a strict, rigid version of the Virtues, which leads to results that are anything but virtuous (such as, "Thou shalt not lie, or thou shalt lose thy tongue", "Thou shalt donate half thy income to charity, or thou shalt have no income" or "Thou shalt enforce the laws of virtue, or thou shalt die as a heretic."), while the mysterious and terrifying Shadowlords terrorize the eight cities of Britannia.
Over the course of the game the Avatar learns that the Shadowlords sprang from three shards of Mondain's Gem of Immortality (destroyed at the conclusion of Ultima I). Representing Falsehood, Hatred and Cowardice - the antithesis for Truth, Love and Courage, the three principles of the Avatar - they have corrupted Blackthorn and subverted their rule.
With the help of their old companions and some new ones, the Avatar forms the Warriors of Destiny in order to eliminate the Shadowlords, undermine Blackthorn's rule, and rescue Lord British to restore them to their throne.
Gameplay
Warriors of Destiny was the first Ultima to implement a time-of-day system in which the sun rises and sets, and non-player characters follow daily routine schedules.
As in Ultima IV, the player can interact with non-player characters (NPCs) by typing a word or phrase that signifies the topic to discuss. The NPCs will say what they care to share about a subject when it is mentioned, and the player can repeat key words used in the NPC's response to ask for further details. Sometimes, an NPC will ask a question of the player, and the player must give an appropriate response to keep the conversation active. As in Ultima IV only the first four letters of player spoken text are read by the game i.e. for 'shrine' the player need only type 'shri'.
The Shadowlords play an integral role in enforcing the oppressive atmosphere of Britannia in Ultima V. They appear at various times in different towns, and affect the townspeople. If the Shadowlord of Cowardice is about, the people will run away from the player, afraid. If under the effect of the Shadowlord of Falsehood, they will try to steal from the player. If the Shadowlord of Hatred is affecting them, they will try to attack. Later in the game, the player learns to track the movement of the Shadowlords by observing planetary orbits via a specific telescope (spyglass).
Each of the Shadowlords represents the antithesis of one of the three guiding principles: Faulinei, the Shadowlord of Falsehood opposes Truth; Astaroth, the Shadowlord of Hatred opposes Love; and Nosfentor, the Shadowlord of Cowardice opposes Courage. The Shadowlords must be defeated, but this cannot be accomplished through pure combat. First, the player must learn each Shadowlord's name by interviewing NPCs, Second, the three shards of the Gem of Immortality must be recovered from their scattered locations in the Underworld. Finally, the player must visit each of the sacred flames (the Flame of Truth at the Lycaeum, the Flame of Love at Empath Abbey, and the Flame of Courage at Serpent's Hold), summon the corresponding Shadowlord by shouting its name, lure the Shadowlord into the flame and finally destroy the shard by throwing it into the flame.
In addition to traveling by foot, the player's party can ride horses, sail ships, and row skiffs. The player can also use the eight moongates, the magical doorways that appear each night in eight locations across Britannia. Stepping through one transports the player to another moongate, determined by the phases of the two moons. Although by default the moongates are located near each of the eight major towns, it is possible to relocate the gates to other areas by digging at their location to get the moonstones they appear over. Transplanting moongates proves to be a boon later in the game when exploring the Underworld. Two additional modes of transportation, the grapple and the magic carpet, are also available. The grapple can be used to scale small mountains (though the large mountains remain impassible throughout the game.) The magic carpet is a handy way of traversing the game world, as it can float over almost any terrain (not mountains), as well as increasing the party's speed to make it easier to escape monsters. The carpet can float easily over swamp, rivers and coastal waters, but flying over deep sea waters or lava will injure the party. Both items are located by piecing together conversations from multiple NPCs and completing side quests, though with prior knowledge an experienced player can acquire both items very easily and very early in the game.
Runic alphabet
Ultima V used a modified form of the Elder Futhark runic alphabet for some game text, adding some letters to make a complete one-to-one correspondence with the English alphabet (plus a few runes to represent some common two-letter combinations). While all the earlier Ultima games since Ultima II had used runes on accompanying material such as maps and manuals and Ultima IV had shown single runes on the screen in specific situations, Ultima V was the first part of the series to incorporate multi-letter runic texts into the actual on-screen display.
Development
Warriors of Destiny was the last Ultima developed on the Apple II; the limits of that system (excluding the 16-bit Apple IIGS) were increasingly becoming a hindrance to further technological advance, and thus all later games were developed on PC systems. This was also the last time in which Ultima creator Richard Garriott did a major share of the actual coding; in the later parts they acted as a game designer only. In their approach to Lord Blackthorn and their involvement in the overarching narrative, Garriott wanted to create a more insidious villain that wasn't just passively waiting for the heroes to arrive.
The use of telescopes in the game was inspired by Garriott's experience as an amateur astronomer; Garriott programmed the game to accurately depict planetary orbits.
Like the previous two games in the series, Ultima V was also ported to the NES by Origin and published through FCI/Pony Canyon; it was released as Ultima: Warriors of Destiny in 1991. Each of the NES games had significant differences from the originals; this NES version was, however, a less faithful rendition of the source material than its predecessors had been. Introductory parts were cropped; graphics and gameplay were relatively limited (a clear example is that the swamp terrain was represented by magical poison fields); and there were few music tracks. Character sprites were much less developed, movement was needlessly clunky and slow. The graphics and game engine were altogether inferior compared to what the NES did for the previous two games.
The Commodore 64 port of Ultima V came on five 1541 disks (around 1.5MB total) and was criticized for the excessive amount of disk access and swapping required, although like Ultima IV, the game can utilize two disk drives if present. When playing on a two drive system, the disk labeled "Outdoor" (also used to save/load games) is left in Drive 0 while the other game disks ("Underworld", "Towne", and "Dungeon") are placed in Drive 1 and swapped around. It also supports Commodore 128 mode and if run on a C128, the extra system RAM is used for background music that is absent when the game is played on a C64. Ultima V also has a built-in fast loader, although as it is tied to the timing of NTSC machines, it will not work on PAL C64s, therefore European gamers without a C128 suffered from almost excruciating load times. If played in C128 mode and a 1571 drive is used, the game uses the computer's "burst mode" and does not require a fast loader.
Amiga and Atari ST versions appeared in 1989. Their graphics were directly ported from the PC, thus not utilizing the capabilities of the machines. On the Amiga, the entire soundtrack was replaced with one new composition that only appeared on that platform—the same song repeated throughout all areas of the game. On the Atari ST, the songs were played in different places from on the Apple II and Commodore 128 versions; however, all songs from those versions were reused.
All editions contained: the game media; a cloth map; a metal coin with the symbol of the Codex-as described in the game's introduction; The Book of Lore; Lord British's Odyssey; A quick reference card; a player reference card (version specific); a registration post card.
The game box differs between editions only by screenshots on the back. The Atari ST version depicts (left to right): a giant mouse in a dungeon; Castle British area including the player, a ship and a headless; and battle screen with player casting 'In Flam Hur' on various skeletons. The first IBM version depicts (left to right): a fountain in a dungeon; Castle British area including the player, a ship and a horse; and the interior of an inn. The second release for IBM shows the same screenshots as the Atari ST version.
Reception
By 1990, the game had sold over 100,000 copies in the United States.
Computer Gaming Worlds Scorpia described Ultima V as "well worth the wait," citing improved graphics and storyline. Minor criticisms were directed at flaws in the documentation and combat system. In 1993 they called the game "a worth follow-up ... not to be missed", although criticizing the Underworld as "a disappointment, being vast but essentially empty". Compute! called V "a tour de force in the realm of computer role-playing ... but it doesn't match the elegance of IV". The game was reviewed in 1988 in Dragon #137 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars.
Garriott claimed in 1994 that V was their favorite Ultima. In 1990 the game received the eighth-highest number of votes in a survey of Computer Gaming World readers' "All-Time Favorites". The game was ranked the 18th best game of all time by Amiga Power in 1991.
Ultima V: Lazarus
A fan-made recreation of Ultima V using the Dungeon Siege engine, Ultima V: Lazarus, was released on December 22, 2005.
References
External links
Ultima V: Warriors of Destiny at the Codex of Ultima Wisdom wiki
Images of Commodore 64 version of Ultima V box and manual at C64Sets.com
Ultima V – Warriors of Destiny at C64 Wiki
1988 video games
Amiga games
Apple II games
Atari ST games
Commodore 64 games
Commodore 128 games
DOS games
FM Towns games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
NEC PC-8801 games
NEC PC-9801 games
Open-world video games
Role-playing video games
Sharp X68000 games
Single-player video games
Ultima (series)
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United States
Video games featuring protagonists of selectable gender
Video games scored by Barry Leitch
Video games scored by Martin Galway
Video games with tile-based graphics
Hwang Byung-dae (born 14 November 1960) is a South Korean skier. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
South Korean male biathletes
South Korean male cross-country skiers
Olympic biathletes of South Korea
Olympic cross-country skiers of South Korea
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Ta'aroa is the supreme creator god in the mythology of the Society Islands of French Polynesia. While the use of the ʻeta is appropriate given the pronunciation of their name, as is typically the case with Tahitian words it is often omitted in practice. They then created the queen of all nations.
The Myth
In the beginning, there was only Ta'aroa, creator of all, including himself. They waited alone in their shell, which appeared as an egg spinning in the empty endless void of the time before the sky, before the earth, before the moon, before the sun, before the stars. They were bored, alone in their shell, and so they cracked it with a shake of their body and slid out of its confines, finding everything somber and silent outside, finding themselves alone in the nothingness.
So they broke the shell into pieces and from them formed the rocks and the sand, and the foundation of all the world, Tumu-Nui. With their backbone they created the mountains; with their tears they filled the oceans, the lakes, the rivers; with their fingernails and toenails they made the scales that cover the fish and the turtles; with their feathers they created the trees and the bushes; with their blood they colored the rainbow.
Ta'aroa then called forth artists who came with their baskets filled with To'i, so that they might sculpt Tane, the first god. Then came Ru, Hina, Maui, and hundreds of others. Tane decorated the sky with stars and hung the sun in the sky to illuminate the day and the moon to illuminate the night. Ta'aroa decided then to complete their work by creating man.
They divided the world into 7 levels. On the bottommost level lived man, and they multiplied quickly, which delighted Ta'aroa. Sharing the space as they did with creatures and plants of all sorts, it was not long before man felt crowded in their space and so decided to expand their domain by opening a hole into the level above his. Man continued in this fashion, filling one level and then climbing to the next, one level at a time, until all levels were occupied.
And so man filled the earth, but still all belonged to Ta'aroa, who was master of all.
See also
Io Matua Kore paramount deity in New Zealand Māori mythology
Tagaloa paramount deity in Samoan mythology
Tangaroa in Māori mythology.
Tangaloa in Tongan mythology
Kanaloa in Hawaiian mythology
References
Tahiti and Society Islands gods
Creator gods
Tahiti and Society Islands mythology
West Branch Mohawk River is a river in Oneida County, New York. It begins at the confluence of Egger Brook and Lyman Brook, flows through the hamlet of West Branch, and empties into Mohawk River east of the hamlet.
References
Rivers of New York (state)
Rivers of Oneida County, New York
Quinnville is a village incorporated into the Town of Lincoln, Rhode Island. It is the smallest of the seven villages within Lincoln, bordered by the villages of Albion at the north, Limerock to the west, Lonsdale to the south, and by the Blackstone River to the east.
Transportation
The Blackstone Canal flows through the length of village, west of the Blackstone River. There is a former control gate at the north end of the village, accessible by the former tow path for the canal. This gate was built by the Lonsdale Company to control the flow of water into the Canal in 1903, at which time this portion of the Canal was no longer used for transportation, but was providing water for power and processing at the Lonsdale Mills about 3 miles downstream. There are two bridges within the village to cross the canal; one in the Blackstone River Bikeway state park to access parking for the bikeway, and another at Martin Street to cross both the canal and river into Cumberland, Rhode Island.
History
Quinnville, like many of the villages in Rhode Island, is a former mill village. Historically, the area currently known as Quinnville was incorporated into the Town of Cumberland, Rhode Island as part of the village of Ashton, connected by a bridge across the Blackstone River. Both banks of the river were home to textile mills and homes for the mill workers. The mill on what is currently the Quinnville side of the river was demolished in the early twentieth century, while the Ashton Mill is still standing and is currently renovated housing.
Public Safety
Quinnville has its own fire department, as do all villages in Lincoln with the exception of Fairlawn, which is dispatched centrally by the Lincoln Police Department. Quinnville Station 7 is a volunteer-run fire station housing Lincoln fire apparatus Engine 7.
Further reading
Town of Lincoln, R.I. Once in a hundred years: a pictorial history. Lincoln, R.I.: Centennial publication of the Town of Lincoln R.I., 1971.
Villages in Providence County, Rhode Island
Historic districts in Providence County, Rhode Island
Providence metropolitan area
Villages in Rhode Island
Nook is a rural locality in the local government area (LGA) of Kentish in the North-west and west LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about north of the town of Sheffield. The 2016 census recorded a population of 188 for the state suburb of Nook.
History
Nook was gazetted as a locality in 1965.
Geography
The Don River forms two segments of the western boundary.
Road infrastructure
Route C150 (Nook Road) runs through from north to south.
References
Towns in Tasmania
Localities of Kentish Council
The K21 is a South Korean infantry fighting vehicle. A replacement for the K200-series, it was formerly designated as K300 or XK21 KNIFV (Korea Next-generation Infantry Fighting Vehicle). The initial production began in 2009, with the Republic of Korea Army planning to field approximately 466 units. It is designed to effectively defeat other IFVs as heavily armed and armored as the BMP-3.
History
Development began in 1999. A $77 million contract was awarded to Doosan DST for the NIFV prototype in 2003. Three prototype vehicles were delivered to the ROK Army in 2005. A contract for the first batch of K21 vehicles was signed in October 2008 worth $386.7 million. Production began in November 2009 after a ten-year development period. K21s will be deployed from 2013 through 2016.
Design
Construction
The K21 KNIFV's chassis is constructed entirely out of aluminium with certain parts, like hatches, made of fiberglass, reducing the weight of the vehicle and enabling it to travel at higher speeds without bulky and powerful engines. The NIFV is to be lighter than other IFVs, including the American Bradley series, increasing both speed and payload.
The design was finally deemed production-ready in 2009, following 10 years in development and a research budget expenditure of approximately USD $80 million. More than 85% of the vehicle's design is domestic. However a redesign is in order following the sinking of two vehicles while engaged in amphibious operations. A board of inquiry found that the problem was a lack of buoyancy, a malfunctioning wave plate, and a technical problem with the drain pump, all of which are to be corrected in the new design.
Armaments
The two-man turret on the K21 is armed with an S&T Dynamics K40 40 mm cannon. The K40 40 mm automatic gun was developed based on the design of the Nobong 40 mm twin naval cannon, which was developed to replace the OTO Melara DARDO CIWS, which was serviced by the South Korean Navy, capable of firing APFSDS, high-explosive, smoke and multipurpose munitions, and a 7.62 mm machine gun. This is combined with an advanced fire-control system and gun stabilizer usually found on third-generation main battle tanks that makes the K21, together with the German Puma, able to move and engage the targets with high degree of accuracy at the same time. The ammunition for the autocannon is stored under the turret. The 40 mm cannon can fire up to 300 rounds per minute, with a projectile velocity of up to . The improved APFSDS rounds fired from it is able to penetrate up to of armor, slightly higher than other APFSDS rounds, due to the self-sharpening process as the round penetrates the armour.
The multipurpose munition (한글: 복합기능탄) has several modes including proximity, air burst, armour-piercing and fragmentation. The mode is configured by the K21's FCS, which then transmits the necessary data to a small programmable fuse system inside the round before it is fired. This allows more control over the trajectory and impact of the round, expanding the scope of possible targets from medium armored vehicles to aircraft and infantry personnel.
Anti-tank armament includes an indigenous 3rd-generation ATGM, with performance similar to the Israeli Spike and armour penetration of of RHA base.
Sensors
The fire-control system is able to spot and track targets as far away as away and identify them from up to away. IFF sensors are also present. The vehicle also has hunter-killer capabilities with its separate commander's sight (IFV Commander's Panoramic Sight or ICPS) and gunner's sight (IFV Gunner's Primary Sight or IGPS), which can detect both ground and aerial targets. The sights are designed by Samsung Thales.
The gunner's sight is equipped with a third generation thermal viewer and a 1.54 μm laser rangefinder. It can detect targets from 6,000 meters away and identify them from 3,000 meters away. The commander's sight is equipped with the same system as the gunner's. This allows the gunner to use the commander's sight to engage targets if their own sight is disabled or destroyed. The commander of the vehicle also has the ability to override the command to take control of the turret and gun from the gunner.
Armour
Although not much is known about the composition of the K21's armour, the frontal armour of the vehicle is specifically designed to protect against large caliber automatic cannon rounds, primarily the 30 mm APDS munitions (30×165mm) for 2A72 automatic cannon used on BMP-3, which has approximately armoured penetration at ranges of 1,000 m. The side armour is designed to protect against 14.5 mm AP rounds, which have approximately armoured penetration at 1,000 m. The top can withstand fragments from 152 mm artillery shells exploding as close as 10 meters. It has been confirmed that the composite armour comprises S2-glass fibre and Al2O3 ceramic including lightweight aluminium alloy.
The vehicle has a soft self-sealing fuel tank that can absorb the impact of a projectile. There is also an automatic fire suppression system inside the vehicle to extinguish any internal fires that might erupt.
The K21 PIP will include an active protection suite and hard-kill anti-missile system similar to the AWiSS that will also be utilized for the K2 PIP. This will increase the vehicle's ability to defend itself against various ATGMs.
Troop deployment
The K21 is able to carry a total of 9 passengers and 3 more vehicle crew members. With the Battle Management System, the vehicle crew and passengers inside the vehicle can be instantly notified about the environment around them, improving their situational awareness. A screen is installed inside the passenger compartment, which provides various data from the BMS. The vehicle is mounted with an external CCD camera, and the passengers inside can survey the environment using the same screen.
Mobility
The K21 is equipped with a turbocharged Doosan D2840LXE V-10 diesel engine. The vehicle weight is approximately 25.6 tonnes which, combined with the total output of the engine, gives it a power/weight ratio of approximately 29 hp/t. The K21 PIP will feature an improved version of the engine that will give the vehicle an increased power of 840 hp.
A newly developed semi-active ISU, or In-arm Suspension Unit, is available for the K21. The same unit is to be used on the K2 Black Panther. Despite having the same ISU used on the K2 Black Panther, the K21 cannot change its posture.
The vehicle can travel on both land and water. A pontoon system gives more buoyancy to float on water when additional weight is put on to the vehicle.
Pricing
The average cost per unit is approximately ₩3.95 billion ($3.5 million USD) (2014).
Variants
Light tank
Doosan DST and Belgian firm Cockerill joined together in early 2013 to develop the Cockerill XC-8 turret for the K21 to provide a medium weight direct fire capability. The XC-8 is based on the Cockerill CT-CV 105HP turret and is fitted with a 105 mm or 120 mm gun. The 105 mm version fires all NATO 105 mm ammunition and can also use the Cockerill Falarick 105 Gun-Launched Anti-Tank Guided Missile (GLATGM). It has a maximum elevation of 42 degrees, allowing for a max indirect fire range of . The 120 mm version fires all NATO 120 mm ammunition and can utilize the Cockerill Falarick 120 GLATGM. The missile can engage heavy armor beyond . Both turrets have a two-man crew, are autoloaded, and are digital, fully stabilized, day/night weapon systems.
In 2014, CMI Defence and Doosan DST publicly revealed the K21-105, a light tank version of the K21 chassis fitted with a CMI Defence CT-CV 105HP turret. Referred to as a medium tank by its developers, the vehicle weighs around 25 tons with a 3-man crew, and is cheaper to produce and maintain and has better mobility than actual tanks. The vehicle's main role is direct fire support for infantry against armored and soft-skinned vehicles, buildings, and fortifications. Main armament is a 105 mm rifled low-recoil gun that fires standard NATO and newly developed smart ammunition with a max direct fire range of ; although the gun would not be effective against modern main battle tanks, it can defeat older tanks that North Korea still has in widespread service. The gun can also fire the Ukrainian-designed laser-guided Falarick 105 GLATGM, which has a range of and a tandem warhead capable of penetrating of armor behind ERA. The turret has a bustle-mounted automatic ammunition loading system capable of firing 8 rounds per minute and stores rounds in the bustle compartment, separated from the crew. Secondary armament is a coaxial 7.62 mm machine gun plus an optional roof-mounted 12.7 mm machine gun in a remote weapon station. The K21-105 retains the protection level and amphibious capability of the K21 IFV.
Hanwha Defense (previously Doosan DST) now labels the K21-105 as a medium tank.
Future development
Hanwha Defense have proposed a development of the K21 known as the AS21 Redback, equipped with a 30mm caliber automatic cannon for the Australian Army's LAND 400 Phase 3 IFV competition. In mid-September 2019, Rheinmetall's Lynx KF41 Infantry Fighting Vehicle (IFV) and Hanwha's Redback AS21 IFV were shortlisted for consideration for the Australian Army's project Land 400 Phase 3. In 2021, prototype AS21s were delivered to the Australian Army for testing purposes.
Oshkosh Defense is developing a version of the Redback as its entry under a competitive contract for the U.S. Army Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle program.
See also
ASCOD
Bionix AFV
BMP-3
CV90 IFV
Dardo IFV
FV510 Warrior
M2 Bradley IFV
Schützenpanzer Puma
Tulpar IFV
WPB Anders
ZBD-97
References
External links
K21 - Armored Vehicles - Hanwha Defense
K-21 video
K-21 on Armour.ws
South Korea's Deadly Infantry Fighting Vehicle Is a Terror on the Battlefield - National Interest
Infantry fighting vehicles
Tracked infantry fighting vehicles
Armoured fighting vehicles of South Korea
Amphibious armoured fighting vehicles
Military vehicles introduced in the 2000s
Augustus Oga (born 2 June 1960) is a Kenyan boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Kenyan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kenya
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
Ivolândia is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil. The population was 2,718 (2007) in a total area of 1,262.8 km² (10/10/2002).
Location
Distance to regional center (Iporá): 56 km.
Highway connections: state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, São Luís de Montes Belos, GO-444 / Moiporá. For the complete list for Goiás see Distancias Rodoviarias Seplan
Neighboring municipalities: Iporá, Amorinópolis, Cachoeira de Goiás, Palestina de Goiás, Caiapônia, Moiporá, Arenópolis, and Paraúna.
Districts, villages, and hamlets
District: Campolândia.
Hamlets: Estrela do Oriente and Petrolandia.
Demographics
Population growth rate 1996/2007: -1.31%
Population in 1980: 4,269
Population in 2007: 2,718
Urban population in 2007: 1,481
Rural population in 2007: 1,237 (Sepin)
The economy
The economy is based on services, cattle, milk products, and limited agriculture. There was 01 dairy—UNILAT - Indústria de Laticínios Ltda (07/06/2006). There were no bank branches in 2007. The cattle here had 93,000 head in 2006. The main agricultural crops were corn, manioc, rice, soybeans, and sugarcane.
GDP (PIB) (R$1,000.00): 20,240 (2005)
GDP per capita (R$1.00): 6,796 (2005)
Motor vehicles
Automobiles: 125
Pickup trucks: 37
Number of inhabitants per motor vehicle: 17
Agricultural data 2006
Farms: 488
Total area: 104,195 ha.
Area of permanent crops: 39 ha.
Area of perennial crops: 124 ha.
Area of natural pasture: 76,909 ha.
Area of woodland and forests: 25,015 ha.
Persons dependent on farming: 1,600
Farms with tractors: 83
Number of tractors: 108
Cattle herd: 93,000 head IBGE
Education and Health
Schools in activity: 4
Classrooms: 18
Teachers: 29
Total Students: 610
Literacy Rate: 81.6%
Hospitals: 1
Beds: 16
Public health clinics: 3
Infant mortality rate: 24.39 (in 1,000 live births)
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.721
State ranking: 169 (out of 242 municipalities in 2000)
National ranking: 2.601 (out of 5,507 municipalities in 2000)
History
The opening up of these lands began in 1939 when several families from Minas Gerais and Bahia settled along the banks of the Rio Claro and the Córrego Encantado seeking gold and diamonds. In 1944 a dirt road was opened and a village was formed called Boa Vista, because of the location on the plateau between Iporá and Cachoeira de Goiás. In 1947 the first church dedicated to Nossa Senhora da Abadia was built and one year later came the first primary school. In 1952 Boa Vista was made a district of Aurilândia and the name was changed to Ivolândia, in homage to the pioneer Ivo Moreira Neves. In 1953 it was raised to municipal status.
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Hokkaidō 5th district () is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It consists of Atsubetsu ward in Hokkaido's city of Sapporo and Ishikari Subprefecture without Sapporo. As of 2009, 453,752 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The district was created in the 1994 electoral reform from parts of the previous 1st district where six representatives had been elected by single-non-transferable vote. Representatives from the old 1st district included Kingo Machimura and their son Nobutaka Machimura.
Nobutaka Machimura (LDP, Machimura faction) safely won the new 5th district in the 1996 election and defended it against Democratic challenger Chiyomi Kobayashi in subsequent elections. The 2009 general election, though, gave the Democratic Party a landslide victory and Kobayashi surpassed Machimura by 30,000 votes. They resigned in June 2010 over a political funds scandal. Machimura resigned from their seat in the Hokkaidō proportional block to run in the resulting by-election in October 2010 and defeated former construction ministry bureaucrat Shigeyuki Nakamae by a clear margin to regain their district seat.
In the 24 April 2016 by-election, Machimura's son-in-law, Liberal Democrat Yoshiaki Wada (Kōmeitō, Kokoro, Daichi) defeated united opposition independent Maki Ikeda (DP, JCP, SDP, PLP).
List of representatives
Election results
References
Politics of Hokkaido
Districts of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Yi Hwa (1348–1408) or formally called as Grand Prince Uian (), was a warrior and scholar during the Later Goryeo dynasty, also the royal family member in the Early Joseon dynasty. They were the only son Yi Jachun and Gim Goeumga, also the half younger brother of Yi Seonggye.
Life
They served as an assistant commander to their half older brother, Yi Seong-Gye (이성계), then after they founded the Joseon Dynasty in 1392, Yi Hwa was honoured as Count Uian (의안백, 義安伯) and after helped their half nephew, Yi Bang-Won (이방원) in defeated in the 1st rebellion, Uian become Jeongsagongsin (정사공신).
Later in 1400 during the 2nd rebellion, Yi went out again under the command from Bang-Won. Uian, along with Yi Suk-Beon (이숙번; formally called Prince Anseong, 안성군) and Yi Baek-Gang (이백강; formally called Prince Cheongpyeong, 청평군) were got the target and succeeded in defeated Yi Bang-Gan (이방간; formally called Grand Prince Hoean, 회안대군) and Yi Maeng-Jong (이맹종; formally called Prince Uiryeong, 의령군), then they were promoted to Jwamyeonggongsin (좌명공신, 佐命功臣) along with 47 others.
From all of their successions include in defeated Jeong Mong-ju with Bang-won, Yi Hwa then became the richest nobleman in the Early Joseon period and often got promoted until passed the 4 positions in military. Although they had title, such like: "Count Uian" and "Duke Uian", but after Bang-won (a.k.a. Taejong) reorganized the royal titles system and abolished the 5 Deungjak (오등작), Yi Hwa then was elevated to Grand Prince Uian (의안대군, 義安大君). According to the old tradition that an illegitimate child (especially son) couldn't have the same rank as the legitimate one, Yi Hwa became the one who was actually the illegitimate heir of Hwanjo whom their rank was elevated and same like Hwanjo's legitimate heir for seeing about their contributions in helped Seong-gye established the new dynasty.
Family
Wives and Children(s):
Grand Lady of Samhan State of the Sunheung An clan (삼한국대부인 순흥 안씨)
Yi Ji-sung, Prince Suncheon (이지숭 순천군, d. 1419) – 1st son.
Grand Lady of Samhan State of the Gyoha No clan (삼한국대부인 교하 노씨)
Yi Suk, Prince Wancheon (이숙 완천군, 1373–1406) – 2nd son.
Yi Jing, Prince Hakcheon (이징 학천군, 1375–1435) – 3rd son.
Yi Dam, Prince Yeongcheon (이담 영천군, b. 1379) – 4th son.
Yi Hyo, Prince Jeoncheon (이효 전천군, d. 1446) – 5th son.
Yi Hoe, Prince Heungcheon (이회 흥천군, b. 1381) – 6th son.
Yi Jeom, Prince Ikcheon (이점 익천군, d. 1433) – 7th son.
Lady Yi (부인 이씨) – 1st daughter.
Mae-Hwa (매화) – No issue.
Others
Ranks and Titles
Ranks:
In 1398, became Jeongsagongsin rank 1 (정사공신 1등).
In 1400, became Jwamyeonggongsin rank 3 (좌명공신 3등).
In 5 July 1407, became Chief State Councillors (영의정).
Titles
During their lifetime:
Count Uian (의안백, 義安伯) in 1392.
Duke Uian (의안공, 義安公).
Prince Uian (의안군, 義安君).
After their death (along with Posthumous name):
Grand Prince Uian (의안대군, 義安大君).
Grand Prince of the Ui'an Mansion (의안부원대군, 義安府院大君).
Legacy
Yi-Hwa Heritage Museum (이화 개국공신녹권, 李和 開國功臣錄券) – Become the National Treasure No. 232 on 15 October 1986; located in Jeongeup-si, South Korea. See here
The Shrine of Grand Prince Uian (의안대군 사당) – Become the Namyangju National Treasure No. 4 on 10 April 1986; located in 151–4, Pyeongnae-dong, Namyangju-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. See here
Descendants
Although their descendants had time to suffer a lot from their fate to just became a farmer until King Jeongjo of Joseon and King Sunjo of Joseon's reign, their lives be better than before. It is said that in nowadays, almost of Yi Hwa's descendants live better now and have the nice home in Seoul City, South Korea.
In popular culture
Portrayed by Won Seok-yeon in the 1996–1998 KBS TV series Tears of the Dragon.
Portrayed by Lee Won-bal in the 2021–2022 KBS1 TV series Taejong Yi Bang-won.
References
External links
Yi Hwa on Encykorea .
Korean princes
1348 births
1408 deaths
14th-century Korean people
Jeonju Yi clan
Feria Agrícola Educativa Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra is a five-day agricultural fair held every year in the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez. The event is organized by students, alumni, professors, and personnel, with the university collaborating on the institutional level and in other matters. Hundreds of people attend the fair daily, the majority consisting of school excursions, environmentalist and agricultural clubs, elderly groups, churches and general public interested in learning about agriculture. Local agencies also participate, such as the Autoridad de Desperdicios Sólidos, Servicio de Extensión Agrícola and the Puerto Rico Department of Agriculture, among others.
History
The Feria Agrícola Educativa Cinco Días con Nuestra Tierra began being celebrated in 1977, organized by students, professors and associations of the agriculture faculty of the university. The event at its beginning took place in the lobby of the "Jesús T. Piñero building", main building of the College of Agricultural Sciences since then the fair has evolved into one of the most important agricultural fairs in Puerto Rico.
The COVID-19 pandemic caused the 2020 event to be cancelled and the 43rd was deferred to 2021.
See also
Agricultural show
Livestock show
References
Recurring events established in 1977
Agricultural shows
University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez
Susan A. Clancy is a cognitive psychologist and Associate professor in Consumer behaviour at INCAE as well as a Post-Doctoral Fellow at Harvard University.  They are best known for their controversial work on repressed and recovered memories in their books Abducted and The Trauma Myth.
Education
In 2001, Clancy received their PhD in experimental psychology from Harvard University.
Career
Susan Clancy joined the Harvard University psychology department as a graduate student in 1995. There they began to study memory and the idea of repressed memories due to trauma. The debate in this field was strong at the time, with many clinicians arguing that we repress memories to protect ourselves from trauma that would be too hard to bear. Many cognitive psychologists, on the other hand, argued that true trauma is almost never forgotten, and that memories brought up years later through hypnosis are most likely false.
In 2003, Clancy remarked to Bruce Grierson of the New York Times that "nobody was doing research on the group that was at the center of the controversy -- the people who were reporting recovered memories. Memory function in that group had never been examined in the laboratory."
Clancy hypothesized that there was a group of people who were more susceptible to false memory creation and that this tendency might be demonstrated in the lab by giving standard memory tests. The tests included giving participants lists of related words and then later asking them to recall the first list by circling words from a second list that included similar words. Them data strongly suggested that some people are more likely to "remember" seeing similar words to those on the lists that weren't an exact match, more so than a control group. Essentially "creating a recollection out of a contextual inference, a fact from a feeling." These findings were published in the journal Psychological Science in 2000.
Them work was heavily criticized by some in the community. It was suggested that it could be possible that those with recovered memories of trauma, had such traumatic memories that they were not only repressed, but that they also manifested as cognitive impairment that could cause memory problems in test conditions like this study. Additionally, they received letters suggesting that even conducting this kind of research at all "cheers on child molesters" and ridicules the suffering of children. In 2000 when they were invited to speak at Cambridge Hospital, they were told that many in the psychiatric department protested their lecture.
Clancy decided at this point to find a new group to study. They began studying alien abductees, whose stories could produce more methodologically clear study results. They began canvassing for participants until they found 11 willing abductees. This posed its own challenges because many of the study participants do not believe in repressed memories, but rather some kind of extraterrestrial interpretation, such as the aliens erasing their memories or controlling their minds in some manner.
In 2003, Clancy took a position as a professor at the Harvard-affiliated Central American Business Administration Institute in Managua, Nicaragua. They went on to become the research director at the Harvard-affiliated Center for Women's Advancement, Development and Leadership in Nicaragua.
Select bibliography
Abducted: How People Come to Believe They Were Kidnapped By Aliens
Published by Harvard University Press in 2005, Susan Clancy's book Abducted: How People Come to Believe They Were Kidnapped By Aliens was met with strong positive reviews. The book uses data derived from several memory studies on self described abductees that took place in the preceding few years. The book explores what mainstream experts believe to be the sources of abduction stories, such as sleep paralysis and the use of hypnosis techniques to "recover" forgotten memories. Clancy finds that previous interest in the paranormal and emotional investment also play a role in creating abduction memories.
Benedict Carey of the New York Times believes the book is about more than just aliens, that "the book hints at a larger ambition, to explain the psychology of transformative experiences, whether supposed abductions, conversions or divine visitations." Clancy demonstrates that alien abduction stories give people meaning and a way to understand their own lives and circumstances. It also gives them a feeling that they are not alone in the universe. Carey's take away is that, "in this sense, abduction memories are like transcendent religious visions, scary and yet somehow comforting and, at some personal psychological level, true." Paul McHugh, of The Wall Street Journal also points out that, no matter how bad the experience, none of the abductees regret it happening. Many of them feel that they were special or "chosen" for having these experiences.
Benedict Carey's only critique is that Clancy did not ask the abductees that they interviewed to share their religious beliefs, which they note that Clancy themselves regretted as well. They conclude that "when it comes to sounding the depths of alien stories, a scientific inquiry like this one may have to end with an inquiry into religion."
In an interview with Madeleine Brand on the Day-to-Day radio show by NPR, Clancy responds to the question of how their interview subjects responded to the publishing of their book. They explain:
Clancy, in response to the idea that alien abduction experiences are similar to religious beliefs and experiences says:
The Trauma Myth: The Truth about the Sexual Abuse of Children—and its Aftermath
This book, published in 2010, got its beginning when Clancy was working on their graduate research project in the mid-1990s and they began interviewing adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse. Much to their surprise, they found that most of the victims of childhood abuse did not feel trauma, in the usual sense of the word, until they grew old enough to really understand what had happened.
One of the most common feelings among their sample was self-blame. The majority of those interviewed never experienced violence or remembered feeling pain, rather it was mainly confusion at the time. But the psychological damage begins when they realize that their trust and innocence had been betrayed. It is this feeling of participation from the victim that causes the greatest distress later in life. Clancy says that ninety-five percent of childhood sexual abuse victims never seek treatment because of their false beliefs about what abuse should look like:
There was much outrage over the findings presented in this book.
When questioned about the critique that their book could be arguing that children are not hurt by sexual abuse, Clancy says, "I will never say that. I could not be more clear. This is an atrocious, disgusting crime." Many have also accused Clancy and this book of encouraging child abusers. To this they respond that:
Clancy argues that their model is what may truly help the adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse. These survivors are often ashamed of their behavior and that they did not fight back, they blame themselves and often do not speak about the events or even believe that what happened to them can be considered abuse. They find that it can be very beneficial for these survivors to learn that their experience and their reaction, or lack of reaction, was normal. According to an interview with Susan Pinker, writing for The Globe and Mail in 2010, Clancy makes it clear through their book "that children are never at fault, that sexual abuse is always a crime and that the blame always rests with the adult."
This book also addresses the idea of repressed memory. Clancy argues that the reason many children do not remember sexual abuse until later in life was that it simply was not memorable at the time. They say in an interview with Salon:
On how we should treat sexual abuse victims, Clancy says:
Journal articles
¿Por qué no hay más Mujeres en la Cima de la Escala Corporativa: Debido a Estereotipos, a Diferencias Biológicas o a Escogencias Personales? / Why aren't more Women at the Top of the Corporate Ladder: Stereotypes, Biological Differences or Choices (2007)
Autobiographical memory specificity in adults reporting repressed, recovered, or continuous memories of childhood sexual abuse (2006)
Clinical characteristics of adults reporting repressed, recovered, or continuous memories of childhood sexual abuse (2006)
Sleep paralysis and recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse: A reply to Pendergrast (2006)
Who needs repression? Normal memory processes can explain “forgetting” of childhood sexual abuse (2005)
Sleep Paralysis, Sexual Abuse, and Space Alien Abduction (2005)
Sleep paralysis in adults reporting repressed, recovered, or continuous memories of childhood sexual abuse (2005)
Reality Monitoring in Adults Reporting Repressed, Recovered, or Continuous Memories of Childhood Sexual Abuse (2005)
Inhibiting retrieval of trauma cues in adults reporting histories of childhood sexual abuse (2004)
Psychophysiological Responding During Script-Driven Imagery in People Reporting Abduction by Space Aliens (2004)
Reconceptualizing the teaching team in universities: Working with sessional staff (2002)
Memory distortion in people reporting abduction by aliens (2002)
Directed forgetting of trauma cues in adults reporting repressed or recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse (2001)
False Recognition in Women Reporting Recovered Memories of Sexual Abuse (2000)
Personality profiles, dissociations, and absorption in women reporting repressed, recovered, or continuous memories of childhood sexual abuse (2000)
Cognitive processing of trauma cues in adults reporting repressed, recovered, or continuous memories of childhood sexual abuse (2000)
Effects of guided imagery on memory distortion in women reporting recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse (1999)
Cardiorespiratory Symptoms in Response to Physiological Arousal (1998)
Directed forgetting of trauma cues in adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with and without posttraumatic stress disorder (1998)
Differential diagnosis of palpitations. Preliminary development of a screening instrument (1996)
Somatized Psychiatric Disorder Presenting as Palpitations. Archives of Internal Medicine (1996)
See also
Repressed memory
Hypnosis
Alien abduction
Experimental psychology
References
American women psychologists
Cognitive psychologists
Ufologists
Harvard University faculty
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American women academics
21st-century American women
is a railway station on the Ibara Railway Ibara Line located in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
The station opened on January 11, 1999, the date of inauguration of the Ibara Line.
External links
井原線沿線 路線観光案内
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Ibara Railway Ibara Line
Aliabad-e Rugushuiyeh (, also Romanized as ʿAlīābād-e Rūgūshū'īyeh) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Immunocomputing explores the principles of information processing that proteins and immune networks utilize in order to solve specific complex problems while protected from viruses, noise, errors and intrusions.
It intends to establish:
A proper mathematical framework
A new kind of computing
A new kind of hardware
The main difference with other kinds of computing lay on the function of its basic element, the formal protein, defined according to its biological prototype and its mathematical model.
The main biophysical issues considered in immunocomputing are:
Free folding to a stable state (inspiration for the Formal Protein)
Free binding with other elements dependent on their reciprocal states (inspiration for the Formal Immune Networks)
Formal immune networks (FINs) have as closest model the idiotypic network of N. Jerne but they consider specific mechanisms of interactions between proteins. FINs are able to learn, recognize and solve problems.
Artificial immune systems
Biophysics
Cognitive science
Randall Scott Hood (born August 9, 1968) is an American baseball coach and former player who is the current head baseball coach of the UNC Wilmington Seahawks. They played college baseball at Campbell for coach Mike Caldwell from 1987 to 1990 and played in Minor League Baseball (MiLB) for 5 seasons from 1990 to 1994.
Playing career
Hood attended Southern Wayne High School in Dudley, North Carolina. Hood played for the school's varsity baseball team. Hood then enrolled at Campbell University, to play college baseball for the Campbell Fighting Camels baseball team.
As a first-year student at Campbell University in 1987, Hood had a .290 batting average, a .365 on-base percentage (OBP) and a .420 SLG.
In the 1989 season as a junior, Hood hit 4 home runs and 10 doubles. They were named to the All-Big South Conference team.
Hood had their best season as a senior in 1990, leading the team in hits (60), stolen bases (26), batting average (.366) and on-base percentage (.490).
Hood then signed as an undrafted free agent with the Milwaukee Brewers organization. They would then spend 3 seasons in the Chicago White Sox organization before going to spring training with the California Angels in 1995.
Coaching career
After failing to make the Angels in 1995, Hood joined the coaching staff at Campbell University. In the fall of 2001, Hood joined Mark Scalf's staff at UNC Wilmington.
On April 29, 2019, Hood was named the successor for the retiring Scalf.
Head coaching records
The following is a table of Hood's yearly records as an NCAA head coach.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Baseball outfielders
Arizona League Brewers players
Helena Brewers players
South Bend White Sox players
Stockton Ports players
Sarasota White Sox players
Erie Sailors players
Birmingham Barons players
Campbell Fighting Camels baseball coaches
Campbell Fighting Camels baseball players
UNC Wilmington Seahawks baseball coaches
June-Young Soh (born 15 January 1965) is a South Korean director/musician who made their worldwide debut in Shanghai Mercedes-Benz Arena with the musical The Lost Garden on 8 June 2013. Their current work, 'CHASA', is a circus based musical the story of which was derived from the old Korean myth; 'Chasa Bonpuri'.
Born and raised in Seoul, they became involved in rock music as a teenager; experiences in their first band, 'Since & Hence', has led them to become a professional musician in the later years. They became a professor at Seoul Institute of the Arts in their late 20s and released their first album with Warner Music Korea in 1993. It was not until 1996, they released their second album with Sony Music Korea. They released their third album, 'The paradise market' in April 2017.
They were involved in a number of exhibition productions earlier in their career including Taejŏn Expo '93 and Expo '98 where they worked as the composer/sound director of the main film of the pavilion. They established their 3D surround sound technics working in the pavilion environments during those early years. They further developed their ideas of 3D sound when they became the director of music and sound for the Korean pavilion of the Lisbon World Expo in 1998. Their experimental 12.3 surround sound was best represented in the main film of the pavilion, 'Pearl Sea'; an underwater story of a woman diver in Jeju island.
References
External links
The Lost Garden
CHASA
1965 births
Living people
Musicians from Seoul
Talking Dead is a live television aftershow in which host Chris Hardwick discusses episodes of the AMC television series The Walking Dead, Fear the Walking Dead and The Walking Dead: World Beyond with guests, including celebrity fans, cast members, and crew from the series.
Broadcast and format
The series features host Chris Hardwick discussing the latest episode with guests who are fans of the series. Cast and crew from The Walking Dead and Fear the Walking Dead also appear on the talk show. Segments on Talking Dead include an "In Memoriam" highlighting the deaths from the episode, an online poll, episode trivia, behind-the-scenes footage, and questions from fans via phone, from the audience, Facebook, Twitter, or from the official Talking Dead website. After the on-air episode ends, a bonus 15– 20-minute segment continues online for the 30-minute episodes; there would be a bonus 5- to 10-minute online segment for the 60-minute episodes; Hardwick refers to this bonus segment as "Talking Talking Dead".
The series premiered on October 16, 2011, following the encore presentation of the second-season premiere of The Walking Dead. When the series returned on February 10, 2013, from the season three mid-season finale, the series moved to 10:00 pm, directly following The Walking Dead and expanded to one hour. Hardwick stated that having the show go an hour as opposed to half an hour allowed more "breathing room" and more time to discuss the topics with the guests/fans.
Producers that were regular guests of Talking Dead include: creator of The Walking Dead Robert Kirkman, seasons 2–3 showrunner Glen Mazzara, director and executive producer Greg Nicotero, executive producer Gale Anne Hurd, and seasons 4–8 showrunner Scott M. Gimple. Guests listed after "with" were surprise guests for the episode. Robert Kirkman and Greg Nicotero have the most appearances of any crew member at 10 episodes each. Lauren Cohan is the most featured cast member with 7 episodes. Yvette Nicole Brown is the outside guest with the most appearances at 10 episodes.
On three of the episodes at the end of season 2 of Talking Dead, musicians featured on The Walking Dead'''s soundtrack performed at the end of the show. On the first half of season 3 of Talking Dead, the "Kill of the Week" feature was included; in addition, the show took questions from the studio audience. In season 3 of Talking Dead, "fan of the week" was introduced for fans who used the "Dead Yourself" mobile app. The show also introduced "Survival Tips", which gave tips on how to survive if a hypothetical zombie apocalypse really happened. Season 5 began showcasing fan art.
The series became known for often having members of the cast appear after the episode in which their characters were killed (for example, Laurie Holden for "Welcome to the Tombs"). Recognizing that this may spoil viewers, the show now tries its best to avoid this, though the trend still appears from time to time. Notably Emily Kinney was not announced as the guest actor for the episode following "Coda" until the program's airtime due to their character's sudden death at the end of the accompanying episode.Talking Dead also began airing after episodes of Fear the Walking Deads second season, which premiered on April 10, 2016.
On July 13, 2018, it was announced that longtime guest Yvette Nicole Brown would temporarily take over Hardwick's role as host for Talking Dead beginning on August 5 for The Walking Dead season 9 preview special. The decision was made to replace Hardwick because AMC was completing their assessment related to Hardwick who was accused of sexual harassment by their ex-girlfriend Chloe Dykstra. On July 25, AMC announced that Hardwick would be reinstated as host beginning with the August 12 broadcast, and that Brown would guest host the August 5 broadcast. AMC made the following statement, "Following a comprehensive assessment by AMC, working with Ivy Kagan Bierman of the firm Loeb & Loeb, who has considerable experience in this area, Chris Hardwick will return to AMC as the host of Talking Dead and Talking with Chris Hardwick. We take these matters very seriously and given the information available to us after a very careful review, including interviews with numerous individuals, we believe returning Chris to work is the appropriate step."
In June 2019, it was confirmed that Talking Dead would not be broadcast after every episode of Fear the Walking Deads fifth season. An episode was broadcast following the season premiere, and it returned after the mid-season finale of Fear the Walking Dead.
Series overview
AMC officially counts the first season of Talking Dead as season 2 and each subsequent season one number higher than is listed here. This is so that the season numbers for episodes of Talking Dead match the season numbers for episodes of The Walking Dead that they discuss.
Accolades
For the 67th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, the series was nominated for Outstanding Interactive Program. It was nominated again the year after.
See alsoTalking Bad (2013): a similar talk show hosted by Hardwick which discusses Breaking Bad final eight episodes.Talking Saul (2016–2022): a similar talk show hosted by Hardwick which discusses Better Call Saul selected episodes.Talking Preacher (2016–17): a similar talk show hosted by Hardwick which discusses Preacher selected episodes.Talking with Chris Hardwick'' (2017): a similar talk show hosted by Hardwick that features them interviewing celebrity guests.
References
External links
AMC (TV channel) original programming
The Walking Dead (franchise)
Fear the Walking Dead
Television series by Embassy Row (production company)
American live television series
2010s American television talk shows
2020s American television talk shows
2011 American television series debuts
Aftershows
English-language television shows
Elapsoidea sundevallii, also known commonly as Sundevall's garter snake or African garter snake, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae. The species is native to Southern Africa. There are five recognised subspecies.
Etymology
The specific epithet, sundevalli, honours Swedish zoologist Carl Jakob Sundevall (1801–1875).
The subspecific name, decosteri, is in honour of Belgian consul Juste De Coster, who collected natural history specimens at Delagoa Bay, Mozambique.
The subspecific name, fitzsimonsi, is in honour of South African herpetologist Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons.
Geographic range
E. sundevallii is found in Botswana, Eswatini, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, and Zimbabwe.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitats of E. sundevallii are grassland, shrubland, savanna, and forest, at altitudes from sea level to .
Description
Adults of E. sundevallii are slate-grey to black or dark brown on the upper body, with whitish to pinkish bellies. Juveniles are banded.
Males grow to be longer than females. The maximum recorded snout-to-vent length (SVL) for a male is . The maximum recorded SVL for a female is only .
Diet
E. sundevallii preys upon frogs, lizards and their eggs, snakes, moles, and rodents.
Venom
Although E. sundevallii is venomous and can inflict a serious bite, few bites have been recorded, and none has resulted in a human fatality. Symptoms may include pain and swelling, nausea and vomiting, blurred vision, and loss of consciousness.
Reproduction
The species E. sundevallii is oviparous. A sexually mature female may lay a clutch of as many as 10 eggs.
Subspecies
The following five subspecies, including the nominotypical subspecies, are recognised as being valid.
Elapsoidea sundevallii decosteri
Elapsoidea sundevallii fitzsimonsi
Elapsoidea sundevallii longicauda
Elapsoidea sundevallii media
Elapsoidea sundevallii sundevallii
Nota bene: A trinomial authority in parentheses indicates that the subspecies was originally described in a genus other than Elapsoidea.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1888). "On new or little-known South-African Reptiles". Annals and Magazine of Natural History, Sixth Series 2: 136–141. (Elapsoidea decosteri, new species, p. 141).
Boulenger GA (1896). Catalogue of the Snakes in the British Museum (Natural History). Volume III. Containing the Colubridæ (Opisthoglyphæ and Proteroglyphæ) .... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xiv + 727 pp. + Plates I–XXV. (Elapechis sundevallii, new combination, pp. 360–361).
Broadley DG (1971). "A revision of the African snake genus Elapsoidea Bocage (Elapidae)". Occasional Papers of the National Museum of Southern Rhodesia 32: 577–626. (Elapsoidea sundevallii longicauda, new subspecies; Elapsoidea sundevallii media, new subspecies).
Loveridge A (1944). "Further revisions of African Snake Genera". Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoölogy at Harvard College 95 (2): 121–247. (Elapsoidea sundevalli fitzsimonsi, new subspecies, pp. 229–231).
Smith A (1848). Illustrations of the Zoology of South Africa; Consisting Chiefly of Descriptions and Figures of the Objects of Natural History Collected during an Expedition into the Interior of South Africa, in the Years 1834, 1835, and 1836; Fitted out by "The Cape of Good Hope Association for the Exploring Central Africa:" Together with a Summary of African Zoology, and an Inquiry into the Geographical Ranges of Species in that Quarter of the Globe. [Volume III. Reptilia.] London: Lords Commissioners of Them Majesty's Treasury. (Smith, Elder and Co., printers). Plates + unnumbered pages of text. (Elaps sunderwallii, new species, Plate 56). (in English and Latin).
sundevallii
Snakes of Africa
Reptiles of Botswana
Reptiles of Eswatini
Reptiles of Mozambique
Reptiles of Namibia
Reptiles of South Africa
Reptiles of Zimbabwe
Taxa named by Andrew Smith (zoologist)
Reptiles described in 1848
Phaser Patrol, written by Dennis Caswell, is the first numbered release by Arcadia for the Atari 2600 and was the pack-in game for the Atari 2600 Supercharger accessory in 1982. The company changed its name to Starpath after launch, and the hardware was rebranded the Starpath Supercharger. The game simulates space combat in which the player pilots a ship to destroy the Dracon invaders.
Reception
BYTE stated of Phaser Patrol that "the hyperdrive simulation is very addictive ... Scoring well in this game is a combination of skill and strategy", Danny Goodman of Creative Computing Video & Arcade Games praised the high resolution of the game's instrument panel as an example of the Supercharger's excellent graphics.
The game was a runner-up in the category of "Best Video Game Audiovisual Effects" at the 4th annual Arkie Awards.
References
External links
Phaser Patrol at Atari Mania
1982 video games
Atari 2600 games
Atari 2600-only games
North America-exclusive video games
Pack-in video games
Space combat simulators
Starpath games
Video games developed in the United States
Tranquilino Luna (February 25, 1849 – November 20, 1892) was a Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the Territory of New Mexico. Born in Los Lunas, New Mexico, Luna attended the public schools and graduated from the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. They engaged extensively in stock raising.
Luna served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1880 and 1888. Luna was elected as a Republican to the Forty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1881 – March 3, 1883). They presented credentials as a Delegate-elect to the Forty-eighth Congress and served from March 4, 1883, until March 5, 1884, when they were succeeded by Francisco A. Manzanares, who contested their election. After leaving Congress, they were the Sheriff of Valencia County, New Mexico, from 1888-1892. They died in Peralta, New Mexico, on November 20, 1892, and was buried in Los Lunas Cemetery in Los Lunas, New Mexico.
See also
List of Hispanic Americans in the United States Congress
Sources
1849 births
1892 deaths
Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from New Mexico Territory
New Mexico sheriffs
University of Missouri alumni
American politicians of Mexican descent
Neomexicanos
Hispanic and Latino American members of the United States Congress
New Mexico Republicans
19th-century American politicians
People from Los Lunas, New Mexico
The 2015 Arkansas State Red Wolves football team represented Arkansas State University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by head coach Blake Anderson, who was the first Red Wolves head coach since Steve Roberts in 2002 to return for a second season at Arkansas State (the three coaches between Roberts and Anderson all left for other head coaching jobs after a single season). The Red Wolves, who play their home games at Centennial Bank Stadium in Jonesboro, Arkansas, are members of the Sun Belt Conference. The Red Wolves finished the regular season 9–3, 8–0 in Sun Belt play to win their fourth Sun Belt Championship in five seasons. In the New Orleans Bowl, the Red Wolves fell to Louisiana Tech 28–47.
Schedule
Arkansas State announced their 2015 football schedule on February 27, 2015. The 2015 schedule consisted of six home and away games in the regular season. The Red Wolves hosted Sun Belt foes Georgia State, Idaho, Louisiana–Lafayette, and Texas State, and traveled to Appalachian State, Louisiana–Monroe, New Mexico State, and South Alabama.
Schedule source:
Game summaries
at #8 USC
Missouri
Missouri State
at Toledo
Idaho
at South Alabama
Louisiana–Lafayette
Georgia State
at Appalachian State
at Louisiana–Monroe
at New Mexico State
Texas State
Louisiana Tech–New Orleans Bowl
References
Arkansas State
Arkansas State Red Wolves football seasons
Sun Belt Conference football champion seasons
Arkansas State Red Wolves football
The National Priorities List (NPL) is the priority list of hazardous waste sites in the United States eligible for long-term remedial investigation and remedial action (cleanup) financed under the federal Superfund program. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations outline a formal process for assessing hazardous waste sites and placing them on the NPL. The NPL is intended primarily to guide EPA in determining which sites are so contaminated as to warrant further investigation and significant cleanup.
As of 2022, 1333 sites are on the list, and 43 sites have been proposed for listing. 448 sites have been deleted from the list.
Process for listing
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), also known as "Superfund", requires that the criteria provided by the Hazard Ranking System (HRS) be used to make a list of national priorities of the known releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants in the United States. This list is Appendix B of the National Contingency Plan, known as the "National Priorities List."
Hazardous waste sites become eligible for CERCLA/Superfund cleanup when EPA receives a report of a potentially hazardous waste site from an individual, state government, or responsible federal agency. EPA will first enter the potentially contaminated facility into a database known as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Information System (CERCLIS). Then, either EPA or the state in which the potentially contaminated facility is located will conduct a preliminary assessment, which decides if the facility poses a threat to human health and/or the environment. If the preliminary assessment shows the possibility of contamination, EPA (or the state under agreement with EPA) will conduct a more detailed site inspection. EPA then uses the HRS to review any available data on the site to determine whether its environmental or health risks are enough to qualify the facility for a Superfund NPL cleanup. Generally, facilities with overall scores of 28.50 and greater on the HRS are eligible for the NPL.
Another way facilities can be included in the NPL is if a state or territory designates one top-priority site within its jurisdiction, regardless of the site's HRS score. The last way a site can be included in the NPL is if it meets the following three requirements:
The Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry has issued a health advisory that recommends removing people from the facility.
EPA determines that the site poses a significant threat to public health.
EPA believes that it will be more cost-effective to use its remedial authority (which is only available at National Priorities List facilities) than to use its emergency removal authority in responding to the facility.
EPA may delete a final NPL site if it determines that no further response is required to protect human health or the environment. Also, sites where a remediation was completed through the Superfund program are typically deleted from the list. As of 2022, 1333 sites are on the list, and 48 sites have been proposed for listing. 443 sites were deleted from the list.
The primary cleanup goal is to reduce the risks to human health and human health in the environment through a combination of cleanup, engineered controls like caps and site restrictions such as groundwater use restrictions. A secondary goal is to return the site to productive use as a business, recreation or as a natural ecosystem. Identifying the intended reuse early in the cleanup often results in faster and less expensive cleanups. EPA's Superfund Redevelopment Program provides tools and support for site redevelopment.
Public comment process
The public has the opportunity to comment on facilities that are proposed to be added to the National Priorities List. EPA publishes notices in the Federal Register listing the proposed facilities. The agency will consider all comments received within 60 days after publication in the Register. The complete set of comments are available to the public one week following the close of the comment period. EPA makes a final listing of decisions after considering all the relevant comments that were received during the comment period.
EPA Superfund docket
The Superfund docket contains the Hazard Ranking System score sheets for each proposed facility, a documentation record for each facility that details the information used to compute the score, information for any facility affected by particular statutory requirements or EPA listing policies, and a list of documents referenced in the documentation record.
Mapping system
TOXMAP was a geographic information system (GIS) application from the Division of Specialized Information Services of the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM) that used maps of the United States to help users visually explore data from the EPA Superfund Basic Research Program and the Toxics Release Inventory. The application was deprecated in December of 2019 by the Trump Administration.
Detailed list
List of Superfund sites
References
External links
Search for Superfund Sites Where You Live - EPA
Hazardous waste
United States Environmental Protection Agency
United States federal environmental legislation
Thimlapura Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the Madhugiri and Koratagere Taluk of Tumkur in the state of Karnataka. It was declared a wildlife sanctuary under Section 36-A of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972. It is inhabited by leopards, sloth bears, wild boars, Indian foxes, wolves, among other animals. Thimlapura Wildlife Sanctuary is a conservation reserve for sloth bear.
Location
Thimlapura Wildlife Sanctuary is situated in Tumkur district of Karnataka. It spans over an area of 50.86 km2.
References
Geography of Tumkur district
Wildlife sanctuaries in Karnataka
This article contains a list of commercially available gene therapies.
Gene therapies
Alipogene tiparvovec (Glybera): AAV-based treatment for lipoprotein lipase deficiency (no longer commercially available?)
Axicabtagene ciloleucel (Yescarta): treatment for large B-cell lymphoma
Betibeglogene autotemcel (Zynteglo): treatment for beta thalassemia
Brexucabtagene autoleucel (Tecartus): treatment for mantle cell lymphoma and acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Cambiogenplasmid (Neovasculgen): treatment for vascular endothelial growth factor peripheral artery disease
Ciltacabtagene autoleucel (Carvykti): treatment for multiple myeloma
Elivaldogene autotemcel (Skysona): treatment for cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy
Gendicine: treatment for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
Onasemnogene abeparvovec (Zolgensma): AAV-based treatment for spinal muscular atrophy
Strimvelis: treatment for adenosine deaminase deficiency (ADA-SCID)
Talimogene laherparepvec (Imlygic): treatment for melanoma in patients who have recurring skin lesions
Tisagenlecleucel (Kymriah): treatment for B cell lymphoblastic leukemia
Valoctocogene roxaparvovec (Roctavian): treatment for hemophilia A
Voretigene neparvovec (Luxturna): AAV-based treatment for Leber congenital amaurosis
See also
Genetic engineering
Antisense therapy
References
Applied genetics
Bioethics
Biotechnology
Medical genetics
Molecular-biology-related lists
Gene delivery
Emerging technologies
Genetic engineering
Samuel Okyere (born 21 April 1991) is a Ghanaian television personality active in South Korea and Ghana.
Early life
They were accepted into the Korean Government Scholarship Program in 2009 and moved to Korea to study computer science and engineering at Sogang University, in Seoul. Okyere is fluent in the Ashanti Twi dialect of the Ghanaian Akan language; Korean, English, French and Swahili.
Career
They were a cast member in the JTBC talk show Non-Summit. They were listed in Forbes 30 Under 30 Asia in 2017.
Controversy
Sam Okyere took to their Instagram in early August 2020 to condemn the use of Blackface in a graduation photo by a student from a high school in South Korea. Their post was quickly met with criticism and caused controversy for theirs reproaching the use of the derogatory theatrical make-up formally used to caricature and play on the racial stereotypes of Black people.
Controversy was raised for theirs highlighting the issue where they were accused of openly criticising the incident in an ill-natured way, as well as failing to ask for permission to re-post the image on their Instagram. They have since deleted the post and apologised for the post.
Okyere has since spoken after this issue in a BBC News podcast, wishing to highlight and create conversation to better gather understanding in regards to racial social issues. They have previously spoken on the issue of blackface used in the entertainment industry.
New backlash has arisen following a comment made on a photo of themselves and actor Park Eun-hye in March 2019 by replying to a comment that was deemed suggestive.
Okyere has deleted their Instagram account due to additional backlash for the comment.
Filmography
Variety shows
TV series
Film
Awards and nominations
References
1991 births
Living people
Ghanaian Christians
Ghanaian television personalities
Ghanaian expatriates in South Korea
Sogang University alumni
People from Accra
ISO 3166-2:YE is the entry for Yemen in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Yemen, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 municipality and 21 governorates. The municipality Sana'a is the capital of the country and has special status equal to the governorates.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Yemen. The second part is two letters.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
See also
Subdivisions of Yemen
FIPS region codes of Yemen
References
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: YE
Governorates of Yemen, Statoids.com
2:YE
ISO 3166-2
Yemen geography-related lists
Giorgio Siani (born 9 January 1997) is an Italian footballer who plays mainly as a winger for Caronnese.
Career
Early career
Siani was born in Milan in 1997, and began their career in the youth team of Serie A side Atalanta, located in Lombardy. They made a loan move to Varese before being signed to the youth teams of Serie A giants Juventus upon their return to Bergamo. They were loaned back to Atalanta and then on to Carpi for 6 months in 2016.
Tuttocuoio
Once they had returned from their loan to Carpi, Siani signed on loan to Lega Pro side Tuttocuoio for one year. They were an unused substitute in the 3–2 Coppa Italia loss to Casertana. Their debut in the league on 9 October 2016, coming on as a substitute in a 1–4 loss to Alessandria, playing the final 14 minutes. Their first goal for the club came in the last-16 stage of the Coppa Italia Lega Pro on 23 November 2016, when they started and scored twice in an eventual 3–1 win over Pontedera as Tuttocuoio progressed.
Serie D
On 10 September 2019, they joined Serie D club Savona.
Piacenza
On 7 August 2020 they moved to Serie C club Piacenza.
Back to Serie D
On 5 January 2021, they signed with Serie D club Caronnese.
References
External links
1997 births
Footballers from Milan
Living people
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
A.C. Tuttocuoio 1957 San Miniato players
FC Den Bosch players
Ravenna F.C. players
Savona F.B.C. players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Eerste Divisie players
Italian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
S.C. Caronnese S.S.D. players
KBUT (90.3 FM), is a National Public Radio-member station in Crested Butte, Colorado. It features an eclectic mix of locally produced music shows (46 each week). The shows range from classical to jazz to rock to hip-hop. KBUT has been on air since December 1986 and has its studio in Crested Butte, with its main transmitter on Sunlight Ridge in Mt. Crested Butte and translators in Almont and Gunnison. It also streams its signal online and is available at www.kbut.org. In June 2010, the Sunlight Ridge transmitter began broadcasting in HD as well as analog. On April 15, 2012, KBUT-FM's parent, Crested Butte Mountain Educational Radio, Inc. was granted a U.S. Federal Communications Commission construction permit to increase ERP to 1,000 watts and decrease HAAT to -208 meters.
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
External links
KBUT official website
BUT
KBUT-FM
Community radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1974
ESHAP is an acronym for relatively intensive chemotherapy regimen that is used for salvage therapy in relapsed or refractory lymphomas and Hodgkin's lymphoma. In combination with monoclonal antibody Rituximab it is called R-ESHAP or ESHAP-R.
R-ESHAP consists of:
Rituximab, an anti-CD20-directed monoclonal antibody that kills both normal and malignant B-lymphocytes
Etoposide, an epipodophyllotoxin topoisomerase inhibitor
Solu-Medrol - Methylprednisolone, which is a glucocorticoid that can lyse lymphocytes
High-dose Ara-C - cytarabine
Platinol - Cisplatin, a platinum-based antineoplastic agent, also an alkylating antineoplastic agent.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
James Stewart House, also known as Stewart's Corner, is a historic home formerly located in Lexington, Lexington County, South Carolina. It was built in 1850, and is a 1 1/2-half story, rectangular, frame cottage with a gable roof and two interior chimneys. It features a porch with a high gable supported by square wood posts. To avoid demolition, the house was moved about 1991 from its original location on West Main Street in Lexington to its current site in the vicinity of Red Bank, South Carolina.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Houses completed in 1850
Houses in Lexington County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Lexington County, South Carolina
The Parliament of Las Canoas () was a diplomatic meeting between Mapuche-Huilliches and Spanish authorities in 1793 held at the confluence of Rahue River and Damas River near what is today the city of Osorno. The parliament was summoned by the Royal Governor of Chile Ambrosio O'Higgins after the Spanish had suppressed an uprising by the Mapuche-Huilliches of Ranco and Río Bueno in 1792. The parliament is historically relevant since the treaty signed at the end of the meeting allowed the Spanish to reestablish the city of Osorno and secure the transit rights between Valdivia and the Spanish mainland settlements near Chiloé Archipelago. The indigenous signatories recognized the king of Spain as their sovereign but they kept considerable autonomy in the lands they did not cede. The treaty is unique in that it was the first time Mapuches formally ceded territory to the Spanish.
The Mapuche-Huilliche leaders summoned by the Spanish to the parliament where those whose lands were to affected by the Spanish proposal. The Mapuche-Huilliche leaders present in the parliament were Catrihuala, Iñil, Caniu, Calfuguir, Ancaguir, Colin, Naguinguir and Pichi Huaiquipan plus the messengers of the Cunco Paylapan. The caciques Juan Queipul and José Antitipay, who belonged to the area, were not present at the parliament since they were in Santiago where they held a small parliament with Ambrosio O'Higgins in person. The issues to be dealt with were the same as in Las Canoas.
Background
Beginning in the mid-18th century the Spanish enclave of Valdivia begun a period of agricultural expansion. The expansion, that mainly directed to the south, was done mostly by pacific means, but hostilities with indigenous Huilliches did occur. The expansion of Valdivia included a process of mestization and the purchasing of indigenous lands by criollos and transformation of previous indigenous proprietors into inquilinos. In contrast the Spanish settlement at Chiloé Archipelago had a history of conflicts with the indigenous peoples north of the archipelago. After the Valdivian colonization had reached Bueno River Spanish authorities pushed for connecting the city of Valdivia with the settlements at Chacao Channel by a road. This way the Spanish authorities hoped to make its possible for Valdivia and Chiloé to offer each other mutual aid in the case of an invasion by a European power.
Notes
References
Las Canoas
1793 in the Captaincy General of Chile
History of Los Lagos Region
Huilliche history
Georg Nüßlein (born 10 April 1969) is a German politician who served as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 2002 until 2021. From 1987 until 2021, they were a member of the Christian Social Union (CSU)
Early career
From 1993 until 2002, Nüßlein worked in the banking sector, including with Bankhaus Reuschel & Co. in Munich.
Political career
Nüßlein first became a member of the Bundestag after the 2002 German federal election in Neu-Ulm (electoral district). From 2005 until 2013, they served on the Committee on Economic Affairs and the Committee on the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety. In the negotiations to form a Grand Coalition of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats (SPD) following the 2013 federal elections, Nüßlein was part of the CDU/CSU delegation in the working group on energy policy, led by Peter Altmaier and Hannelore Kraft.
From 2014, Nüßlein served as deputy chairperson of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group, under the leadership of successive chairpeople Volker Kauder (2014-2018) and Ralph Brinkhaus (since 2018). In this capacity, they are the group's main spokesperson for environmental and health policy. From 2015 until 2016, they were part of a government-appointed commission tasked with recommending how to safeguard the funding of fulfilling Germany's exit from nuclear energy, under the leadership of co-chairs Ole von Beust, Matthias Platzeck and Jürgen Trittin.
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under Merkel's leadership following the 2017 federal elections, Nüßlein led the working group on health policy, alongside Hermann Gröhe and Malu Dreyer.
Following the start of a police investigation into corruption involving a deal providing urgently required medical protection equipment, where Nüßlein allegedly pocketed 660.000 Euro, their parliamentary immunity was revoked and their office spaces were searched on February 25, 2021. On March 07, 2021 Nüßlein announced that they would not stand in the 2021 federal elections but instead resign from active politics by the end of the parliamentary term. On March 08, 2021 they announced that they had left the CSU after party leadership had requested they resign from Parliament immediately.
Other activities
Federal Network Agency for Electricity, Gas, Telecommunications, Post and Railway (BNetzA), Member of the Advisory Board (2014-2018)
German Renewable Energy Federation (BEE), Member of the Advisory Board (since 2005)
Verona's Dreams, Member of the Supervisory Board (2002)
Political positions
In June 2017, Nüßlein voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
Controversy
In February 2021, Nüßlein's parliamentary offices were among 13 properties raided in Germany and Liechtenstein as part of a probe into suspected corruption and bribery of elected officials related to the procurement of face masks amid the COVID-19 pandemic. According to local media, they were suspected of having received a €650,000 commission for acting as a broker between a face mask manufacturer and the federal and Bavarian governments.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1969 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
People from Günzburg (district)
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
20th-century births
Lupa may refer to:
Places
Lupa Ward Ward in Chunya, Mbeya, Tanzania
Lupa Gold Field, in Chunya, Mbeya, Tanzania
Lupa Island (Hungary)
Lupa Zoo, Ludlow, Massachusetts, United States
Mount Lupa, Antarctica
Other
Auguste Lupa, a fictional character in two pastiche novels by author John Lescroart
Lupa (ship), an 18th-century Ottoman galley ship
See also
La lupa (disambiguation)
Lupae (disambiguation)
Bugryanka () is a rural locality () in Glebovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
References
Lists of medical abbreviations
Ayman El-Alfy (born 27 September 1974) is an Egyptian handball player. They competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Lunca Corbului is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Bumbueni, Catane, Ciești, Lăngești, Lunca Corbului, Mârghia de Jos, Mârghia de Sus, Pădureți and Silișteni.
Natives
Constantin Cristescu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Racton is a hamlet in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England. It lies on the B2147 road 2.1 miles (3.4 km) northeast of Emsworth and within the civil parish of Stoughton. The hamlet lies along the River Ems. 0.4 miles north of the hamlet is the Racton Monument, constructed between 1766 and 1775 by the 2nd Earl of Halifax. Another prominent structure just outside the hamlet is Lordington Manor, former home of the Pole family. St Peter's Church, located in the centre of the hamlet, is a Grade I listed building, dating from the 12th-13th century.
References
External links
Villages in West Sussex
Berlin German, or Berlin dialect (High German: Berliner Dialekt, Berliner Mundart, Berlinerisch or Berlinisch), is the dialect spoken in the city of Berlin as well as its surrounding metropolitan area. It originates from a Brandenburgisch dialect. However, several phrases in Berlin German are typical of and unique to the city, indicating the manifold origins of immigrants, such as the Huguenots from France.
Overview
The area of Berlin was one of the first to abandon East Low German as a written language, which occurred in the 16th century, and later also as a spoken language. That was the first dialect of Standard German with definite High German roots but a Low German substratum apparently formed (Berlinerisch may therefore be considered an early form of Missingsch). Only recently has the new dialect expanded into the surroundings, which had used East Low German.
Since the 20th century, Berlinese has been a colloquial standard in the surrounding Brandenburg region. However, in Berlin proper, especially in the former West Berlin, the dialect is now seen more as a sociolect, largely through increased immigration and trends among the educated population to speak Standard German in everyday life.
Occasionally, the dialect is found on advertising.
Phonology
Berliner pronunciation is similar to that of other High German varieties. Nevertheless, it maintains unique characteristics, which set it apart from other variants. The most notable are the strong contraction trends over several words and the rather irreverent adaptation of foreign words and anglicisms that are difficult to understand for many speakers of Upper German. Also, some words contain the letter j (representing IPA: [j]) instead of g, as is exemplified in the word for good, in which gut becomes jut.
Grammar
Berlinese grammar contains some notable differences from that of Standard German. For instance, the accusative case and dative case are not distinguished. Similarly, conjunctions that are distinguished in standard German are not in Berlinese. For example, in Standard German, wenn (when, if) is used for conditional, theoretical or consistent events, and wann (when) is used for events that are currently occurring or for questions. There is no difference between the two in Berlinese.
Genitive forms are also replaced by prepositional accusative forms, some still with an inserted pronoun: dem sein Haus (this one their house) rather than the standard sein Haus (his house). Plural forms often have an additional -s, regardless of the standard plural ending.
Words ending in -ken are often written colloquially and pronounced as -sken.
Pronouns
Personal pronoun:
Interrogative pronoun:
See also
Missingsch
References
External links
Berlinerisch-German dictionary
Culture in Berlin
Dialects by location
Central German languages
German dialects
Languages of Germany
City colloquials
Danske Dandridge (November 19, 1854 – June 3, 1914) was a Danish-born American poet, historian, and garden writer. Along with their contemporaries, Waitman T. Barbe and Thomas Dunn English, Dandridge was considered a major poet of late 19th-century West Virginia.
By marriage, Dandridge secured not only the sympathy, encouragement and criticism they needed, but alliteration of name. They had scribbled verses since they were a child of eight. But the morbid, sensitive child had not attempted ambitious verse, nor did they as a grown woman till they had been married some years. Them works were Joy and Other Poems, Twilight in the Woods, The Lover in the Woods, Rose Brake, and miscellaneous contributions to the periodicals.
Early years and education
Caroline "Danske" Bedinger was born on November 19, 1854 in Copenhagen, Denmark. Them father, Hon. Henry Bedinger, was the first United States ambassador to Denmark, having been appointed by President Buchanan. They wrote poems for The Southern Literary Messenger. Them mother, Caroline Lawrence Bedinger (from Rhode Island), was a granddaughter of Eliza Southgate Bowne (1797–1802), whose “Letters of a Young Girl Eighty Years Ago” gave a picture of New England society in the early years of the 19th-century.
They were brought to the United States in 1857, living in Flushing, New York.
Mr. Bedinger's death took place shortly before the beginning of the American Civil War, and their widow returned with their three children – of whom Danske was the youngest — to the homestead at Shepherdstown, Virginia.
In Shepherdstown, their mother purchased an estate called "Poplar Grove", renaming it "Rose Brake" and here the family cared for wounded soldiers during the Battle of Antietam.
They did not survive their husband many years; and the orphans were taken into the care of their grandfather, Hon. J. W. Lawrence, at Flushing, Long Island.
Dandridge was frail in health and nervous in temperament. Early in life, they developed the practice of singing, and, later, the study of the composition of verse. They wrote in rhyme from childhood, but refrained from publishing until their work was no longer immature.
Career
Danske married Adam Stephen Dandridge, Jr. on May 3, 1877, and they moved back to Shepherdstown. They owned an agricultural implements and machinery shop, and like their wife, was a member of a prominent Virginia family. The Dandridges went on to have three children. Them husband was not rich, and they lived upon a farm. Thus, Dandridge did not have access to books or opportunities for literary culture. At times, they did not have a dictionary, and they were burdened with ill health.
They began writing poetry again in 1883 and had their first poem, "Chrysanthemum", published in Godey's Lady's Book in 1885. They renamed their husband's Shepherdstown family home "Rose Brake" at about the same time. In the following summer, they wrote “The Lover in the Woods” for Lippincott's Monthly Magazine; and “Twilight in the Woods” for the New York Independent. To the latter journal, they were a constant and favorite contributor, writing also for various magazines and other periodicals. Them first volume, entitled Joy, and Other Poems (G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1888), a collection of fugitive verses, made a distinct impression. The critics united in praise of the delicate, aerial music, the sensitive sympathy with nature, the luminous and capricious fancy, and the bright and healthful tone of these poems. Dandridge never overstrained the clear light voice that is hers; not even when they touch tragic notes, as in the finely imaginative ode, “The Dead Moon,” or in the more directly human theme of the terse and significant lyric, “Fate.” Them comprehension and utterance of the realities of life appeared delicately remote. The volume was also recalled as a sweet, simple first venture. None of the poems were profound or great; but many were striking for thought and expression, and they all had a delicate freshness.
The second volume of poems by Dandridge was published in 1890. It took its title, “Rose Brake,” from the name of their estate in Shepherdstown. One reviewer stated that the volume fully confirmed the favorable impression already made by their first publication. In the poem "Fancy", they were said to have excelled; while in the expression of sentiment less imaginative, their work was good, but not surpassing. Yet another reviewer stated that Dandridge's first volume, Joy and Other Poems, raised hopes which their second volume, Rose Brake, did not satisfy. There was no lack of metrical skill, or appreciation of nature and subtle moods, but there was lacking the deeper interpretation of life which poetry demands.
During the period of 1891 till 1904, they turned to writing garden articles, more than 200 of them, for Forest and Stream, Garden and Forest, Gardening, among other publications. After that, they devoted their time to writing works of early American history.
Personal life
Dandridge created a "remarkable" garden at Rose Brake, assisted by Afro-American gardeners Tom and Charity Devonshire. Here, they spent time in their hammock. They had three children, but the death of two of them led them to be withdrawn. There was speculation that Dandridge's death at home in Shepherdstown, on June 3, 1914, was a suicide, though it was refuted by the family.
Selected works
Joy and Other Poems, 1888
Rose Brake, 1890
George Michael Bedinger: Kentucky Pioneer, 1909
Historic Shepherdstown, 1910
American prisoners of the Revolution, 1910
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
Garden and Forest at the Library of Congress
A Lantern in a Poet's Garden Nine of Dandridge's Poems Set to Music by Terry Tucker
1854 births
1914 deaths
19th-century American historians
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
20th-century American women writers
American Civil War nurses
American garden writers
American women historians
American women nurses
American women poets
Bedinger family
Dandridge family of Virginia
Danish emigrants to the United States
Historians from West Virginia
Nurses from West Virginia
People from Copenhagen
People from Flushing, Queens
People from Shepherdstown, West Virginia
People of West Virginia in the American Civil War
Poets from West Virginia
Writers from West Virginia
Artists who committed suicide
Suicides in West Virginia
Female suicides
1914 suicides
The 2016 Season saw Coventry Bears compete once again the RFL League 1, the third tier of professional rugby league in Britain, in only their second professional season. The Coventry Bears improved upon the previous season by claiming an 11th place position with 8 wins to their credit under their coach, Tom Tsang.
Results
References
External links
Official website
Rugby league teams in the West Midlands (county)
Sport in Coventry
2016 in English rugby league
2016 in rugby league by club
National Lampoon The Gentleman's Bathroom Companion was a humorous book that was first published in 1975. It was a "special edition" of National Lampoon magazine, and as such it was sold on newsstands in addition to that month's regular issue of the magazine. The pieces in the book were created by regular contributors to the National Lampoon including Michael O'Donoghue, Henry Beard, Doug Kenney, Sean Kelly, Tony Hendra, P.J. O'Rourke and Ed Subitzky as well as Terry Southern and William Burroughs. The content was mostly, but not entirely, compiled from material that had already been published in the magazine.
The book cover art is a photograph which parodies a series of 1970s TV commercials advertising a blue toilet bowl cleanser in which a tiny man (known as the Ty-D-Bol man), wearing a neat nautical outfit and a yachting cap, was seen motoring around the inside of a toilet cistern in a tiny boat, always by himself. On the book cover parody, the Ty-D-Bol man is playing the ukulele and has a beautiful female companion in a bikini, however, the cistern is about to be flushed. The Ty-D-Bol man was played by Ed Subitzky.
A description (or possibly a subtitle) on the cover reads:
Being a Miscellany of Divers Ribald Drolleries Culled from the Pages of the National Lampoon, to which are appended Sundry Amusing Sketches by Mr. Sam Gross, Esq., and the Latest Novella by Mr. Chris Miller, B.A.
See also
National Lampoon Gentleman's Bathroom Companion II
References
A list of National Lampoon books
Amazon listing here
National Lampoon books
1975 books
Heinrich Albert may relate to:
Heinrich Albert (composer) (1604–1651), German composer
Heinrich Albert (guitarist) (1870–1950), German guitarist and composer
Heinrich Albert (1874–1960), German politician, business person and lawyer
See also
Heinrich Albertz (1915–1993), German theologian and politician
The XSSM-A-23 Dart was an anti-tank guided missile developed for the United States Army in the 1950s. After protracted development, the missile, similar in design to the French SS.10, was cancelled in favor of purchasing the SS.11 missile.
Design and development
The initial requirement for a guided anti-tank missile, intended for the replacement of recoilless rifles and Bazookas in the role, was issued by the U.S. Army in 1951; that November, the Aerophysics Development Corporation responded with a proposal for a wire-guided weapon, similar in concept and configuration to the SS.10 missile being developed in France. After evaluating the SS.10 in 1952–53, the Army issued a contract for full development of the Aerophysics Development missile, designated SSM-A-23 Dart, in April 1953.
The SSM-A-23 was of conventional configuration for an anti-tank missile of the time, having cruciform wings and stabilizing fins, with spoilerons providing control; a dual-thrust solid-propellant rocket produced by the Grand Central Rocket Company provided thrust. The launcher for the missile was mounted on a variant of the M59 armored personnel carrier designated T149; helicopter launching was also considered as a possibility. Guidance was by manual command to line of sight, the missile operator following a sodium flare in the tail of the missile and guiding the missile to the target with commands sent by a wire that spooled from the missile during flight. Due to difficulties experienced in testing with ensuring accuracy, an infrared seeker was proposed for terminal homing. The missile was fitted with a shaped charge warhead intended to defeat the armor of enemy tanks.
During development of the Dart, Aerophysics Development was acquired by the Studebaker-Packard Corporation, the purchase taking place in December 1954. Curtiss-Wright then acquired the company as part of a larger deal with Studebaker-Packard in August 1956.
Operational history
The first launch trials of the XSSM-A-23 prototype missiles took place in August 1954; over the next year, forty additional tests took place. These proved less than satisfactory; by 1957, the Dart was still not ready for service, and it was believed that Aerophysics Development had overextended themselves with the technical challenges involved in the missile's development. Accordingly, the program was extended, with some of the Army's requirements being relaxed, however in September 1958 the program was determined to be too far behind schedule and too far over budget to be successful, and the contract for the Dart was cancelled. The Army adopted the SS.10, designated MGM-21, and the SS.11, designated AGM-22, in its stead. The program had cost $44 million in 1955 dollars.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Anti-tank guided missiles of the United States
Abandoned military rocket and missile projects of the United States
Anti-tank guided missiles of the Cold War
This is a list of earthquakes in 2019. Only earthquakes of magnitude 6 or above are included, unless they result in damage and/or casualties, or are notable for other reasons. All dates are listed according to UTC time. Maximum intensities are indicated on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale and are sourced from the United States Geological Survey (USGS) ShakeMap data. This year was not very active with only ten major quakes, and the death toll was the lowest since 2000. However, Albania experienced its strongest tremor in decades, and various deadly events struck Indonesia, Pakistan and the Philippines. The only 8+ quake occurred in Peru in May, but it did not cause much damage because of its great depth.
Compared to other years
An increase in detected earthquake numbers does not necessarily represent an increase in earthquakes per se. Population increase, habitation spread, and advances in earthquake detection technology all contribute to higher earthquake numbers being recorded over time.
By death toll
Listed are earthquakes with at least 10 dead.
By magnitude
Listed are earthquakes with at least 7.0 magnitude.
By month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
See also
Lists of earthquakes
Lists of 21st-century earthquakes
Lists of earthquakes by year
References
2019
2019
2019 natural disasters
2019-related lists
William "Frenchie" Marchant (9 August 1947 – 28 April 1987) was a Northern Irish loyalist and a high-ranking volunteer in the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF). They were on a Garda list of suspects in the 1974 Dublin car bombings, and was allegedly the leader of the Belfast UVF unit known as "Freddie and the Dreamers" which hijacked and stole the three cars which were used in the bombings.
Nine days after the bombings they were arrested and interned at the Maze Prison in relation to the bombings. When questioned by detectives regarding the latter they refused to answer. They were never brought to trial due to lack of evidence. Marchant held the rank of major in the UVF's A Company, 1st Battalion Belfast Brigade. They were shot to death by a Provisional IRA volunteer from a passing car as they stood outside "The Eagle" chip shop below the offices where the UVF Brigade Staff had their headquarters on the Shankill Road.
Dublin car bombings
Marchant was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland in about 1948. They grew up in the Ulster loyalist Shankill Road neighbourhood and was brought up as a Protestant. Some time prior to 1974, they joined the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), an illegal loyalist paramilitary organisation. They held the rank of major in its A Company, 1st Battalion Belfast Brigade. Marchant's nickname was "Frenchie".
Two units from the UVF's Belfast and Mid-Ulster Brigades exploded three no-warning car bombs in Dublin's city centre on 17 May 1974, the third day of the Ulster Workers Council Strike. This was a general strike in Northern Ireland called by hard-line unionists, who opposed the Sunningdale Agreement and the Northern Ireland Assembly which had proposed their sharing political power with nationalists and planned a role for the Republic of Ireland in the governance of Northern Ireland. The explosions occurred almost simultaneously during evening rush hour resulting in the deaths of 26 people, mostly young women; close to 300 people were injured, many maimed and scarred for life. According to former British soldier and psychological warfare operative Colin Wallace, the bombings had been organised by Billy Hanna, the Mid-Ulster Brigade's commander at the time. The three cars used in the attacks had been stolen and hijacked that morning in Belfast by a UVF unit known as "Freddie and the Dreamers" (named after the 1960s English pop group) allegedly led by Marchant, and then, according to the 1993 Yorkshire Television documentary The Hidden Hand: The Forgotten Massacre, driven to a farm in Glenanne, County Armagh. This farm, which had been used to make and store the bombs, was owned by Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) reservist James Mitchell of the Glenanne gang. After the cars were delivered to the waiting bomb unit, the latter drove them across the border down to the Coachman's Inn pub carpark. Journalist Joe Tiernan suggested that the cars were driven directly to the North Dublin carpark, with only one stop in Portadown by one of the cars to collect David Alexander Mulholland, one of the alleged bombers. It was at the carpark that the three bombs, which had been transported in a chicken lorry by senior Mid-Ulster UVF member Robin "the Jackal" Jackson, were placed inside the boots of the cars by Hanna and Jackson. The cars – a metallic green 1970 model Hillman Avenger and blue Austin 1800 Maxi – that ended up in Parnell Street and South Leinster Street had been hijacked while the metallic blue mink Ford Escort which detonated in Talbot Street had been stolen from Belfast's docks area. All three cars had retained their original registration numbers. The Hidden Hand: The Forgotten Massacre named Marchant as having been on a Garda Síochána list of suspects as the leader of the gang which obtained the bomb cars.
Ninety minutes after the Dublin blasts, another car bomb exploded in Monaghan, causing a further seven deaths. A detective from Dublin's Store Street Garda Station received confidential information that Marchant had masterminded both the Dublin and Monaghan attacks. On 26 May, they were arrested by the Northern Ireland security forces under the Northern Ireland (Emergency Provision) Act 1974 and interned at the Maze Prison on an Interim Custody Order partly on suspicion of having participated in the car bombings. They were interrogated by detectives but refused to reply to any questions relating to the Dublin bombings. Marchant and the others who had also been interned as suspects in the attacks, were never brought to trial due to lack of evidence. The RUC Special Branch, in a reply dated 23 July 1974 to an earlier Garda enquiry regarding Marchant, stated that Marchant "was our guest for a number of hours (and CID) but with negative result". The Barron Report which was the findings of the official investigation into the car bombings commissioned by Irish Supreme Court Justice Henry Barron confirmed that Marchant was named in the Garda files as the leader of the gang which provided the bomb cars. Colin Wallace briefed the media without attribution, identifying Marchant as the person responsible for the car hijackings and theft, based on their own information. In a written statement to Justice For the Forgotten (an organisation of victims and relatives seeking justice for the Dublin and Monaghan bombings), Wallace maintained that Marchant was "identified to [British] Army Intelligence as a Special Branch source being run by a named officer". When queried by the organisation's legal team, Wallace qualified the statement by adding:
That's right, that was my belief … there were a number of Special Branch people who at this time appeared to have very close links with various loyalist groups. I'm not saying for good or ill, but certainly had close links with key loyalists. Marchant may well have been an informant, but I don't know.
Many years later, journalist Peter Taylor questioned Progressive Unionist Party politician and former senior Belfast UVF member David Ervine about UVF motives for bombing Dublin in 1974. They replied they [UVF] were "returning the serve". Although Ervine said they had nothing to do with the bombings, they said they were carried out to make Catholics in the Republic suffer as Protestants in Northern Ireland had been suffering as the result of the IRA bombing campaign. As of 2015, nobody has ever been convicted of the Dublin and Monaghan bombings.
Supergrass trials
In the mid-1980s Marchant was one of a number of leading UVF figures arrested on the evidence of William "Budgie" Allen, a UVF member who turned supergrass and provided evidence on the activities of a number of their fellow members. Initially held in 1983, Marchant was granted bail to marry although they failed to return and was eventually rearrested after a high-speed pursuit through the Shankill Road.
Based on Allen's evidence Marchant faced a number of charges, including the attempted murder of a member of Gerry Adams' family. However, although they were held in custody for eighteen months, Marchant was released from prison in 1985 after the Allen trial collapsed. Although they had appeared before Belfast's Crumlin Road Crown Court, the case against them and the others had collapsed when the judge decided Allen's evidence was ""totally unreliable". Allen was declared persona non grata by the UVF, who announced that they would be killed if they left their hiding place in England, although Marchant surprisingly announced that they personally forgave Allen. In 1984 Marchant, along with fellow UVF man John Bingham, was part of a group led by Loyalist politician George Seawright that wielded legally-held handguns to physically remove an Irish tricolour that had been erected at Whiterock Leisure Centre.
Killing
Marchant was shot dead by IRA gunmen from a passing car as they stood outside "The Eagle" chip shop on the crowded Shankill Road on 28 April 1987. The UVF Brigade Staff had their headquarters in the rooms above the shop. The shooting took place close to the offices of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP). Marchant's fatal shooting was in retaliation for the UVF's killing of Larry Marley, a close friend of Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams and a senior IRA member from Ardoyne, less than a month before. The IRA claimed that Marchant had been directly involved in the killing of Marley. On 1 May 1987, Marchant was given a full UVF paramilitary funeral. The address given at their funeral service, which denounced all paramilitary organisations and their acts of violence, was afterwards praised by Roman Catholic bishop Cathal Daly. Marchant's widow later gave their permission for their son to go to the USA for an ecumenical student exchange visit.
George Seawright, a member of Belfast City Council who also maintained clandestine UVF membership, stated in the aftermath of Marchant's shooting that they had "no hesitation in calling for revenge and retribution". Several months after Marchant's shooting, the UVF sought to avenge their death with an attempt on the life of Anthony "Booster" Hughes, a suspected IRA man from Ardoyne.
According to author and journalist Martin Dillon, Marchant's daily movements leading up to their death had been unpredictable and erratic; this indicated the possibility that just before their shooting someone had alerted the IRA by telephone, advising them of Marchant's presence on the Shankill Road. The IRA would normally have kept a hit squad on standby in a neighbourhood close to where their intended target was likely to be. Marchant's killing was the third assassination carried out in the 1980s by the IRA against senior UVF members. The UVF conducted an internal inquiry in an attempt to establish whether someone within the organisation had supplied information to the IRA which had led to the killings of Marchant and the other two: Lenny Murphy and John Bingham. Although the inquiry revealed that Marchant – as well as Murphy and Bingham – had quarrelled with powerful West Belfast UDA fund-raiser James Pratt Craig before their deaths, the UVF Brigade Staff did not consider the evidence sufficient to warrant an attack against Craig, who ran a large protection racket.
According to Dillon, Marchant had been due to meet Craig outside "The Eagle" before they were shot dead. Instead of getting out of the car at the chip shop where Marchant waited, Craig got out at the Inter-City furniture shop on the corner of Conway Street. There they engaged in conversation with another person for five minutes. Within the five minutes, Marchant was gunned down just 50 yards away. In October 1988, Craig was shot to death in an East Belfast pub by the UDA (using their cover name Ulster Freedom Fighters) for "treason", claiming that they had been involved in the death of UDA leader John McMichael, who was blown up the previous December in a booby-trap car bomb planted by the IRA.
In their book The Red Hand, Professor Steve Bruce disputes the claim that Craig was involved in Marchant's death and quotes another (anonymous) UVF member who stated that Marchant was "like a bloody cigar store Indian", spending long periods standing outside the PUP headquarters taking to various people.
At the junction of Spier's Place and the Shankill Road, there is a mural and memorial plaque commemorating Marchant.
References
Bibliography
Taylor, Peter (1999). Loyalists. London: Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.;
Dillon, Martin (1989). The Shankill Butchers: the real story of cold-blooded mass murder. New York: Routledge
Tiernan, Joe (2000). The Dublin Bombings and the Murder Triangle. Ireland: Mercier Press
Ulster Volunteer Force members
Paramilitaries from Belfast
1948 births
1987 deaths
Ulster loyalists interned without trial
Deaths by firearm in Northern Ireland
People killed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army
Dejan Kelhar (born 5 April 1984) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for SV Übelbach as a defender.
Club career
Kelhar started playing football with Brežice, until they moved to Celje. They played there for two seasons in PrvaLiga. At the same time they also played for the Slovenian Second League side Krško, because Football Association of Slovenia regulations allowed to register youth players in two clubs from different league levels.
In 2004, Kelhar was transferred for €100,000 to SpVgg Greuther Fürth in the 2. Bundesliga. Their transfer was not a big success and they returned to Celje. On 31 January 2009, the last day before the closing of the winter transfer window, Kelhar signed a contract with Cercle Brugge.
In February 2011, they joined Legia Warszawa on two and a half year contract.
In July 2012, Kelhar joined Gabala of the Azerbaijan Premier League on a two-year contract.
Kelhar's debut came on 4 August 2012 against Simurq in a game that also saw them score their first goal for the club after 15 minutes. Kelhar went on to play in 28 leagues and three Cup games for Gabala in their first season. Kelhar appeared seven times for Gabala in their second season before leaving in December 2013.
At the start of February 2014, Kelhar signed a six-month contract, with the option of another year, with Red Star Belgrade.
On 6 August 2014, Kelhar signed a short-term contract with English Championship side Sheffield Wednesday. Kelhar was released by Sheffield Wednesday at the end of the 2014–15 season, having not made an appearance for the club.
International career
Kelhar made their debut for the national side in friendly match against Qatar on 3 March 2010 in Maribor.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Red Star
Serbian SuperLiga: 2013–14
References
External links
NZS profile
1984 births
Living people
People from Brežice
Slovenian footballers
Slovenia youth international footballers
Slovenia under-21 international footballers
Slovenia international footballers
Association football defenders
NK Celje players
NK Krško players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (1945–2005) players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
Legia Warsaw players
Hapoel Haifa F.C. players
Samsunspor footballers
Gabala FC players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) players
Sivasspor footballers
Slovenian Second League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
2. Bundesliga players
Belgian First Division A players
Ekstraklasa players
Süper Lig players
Israeli Premier League players
Slovenian expatriate footballers
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in England
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Jawad Hussain is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018. Previously they were a member of the National Assembly from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-39 (Tribal Area-IV) as an independent candidate of in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 21,844 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Gul Karim Khan.
They joined Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2013.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-39 (Tribal Area-IV) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 7,547 votes and lost the seat to Ghazi Ghulab Jamal.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency NA-47 (Tribal Area-VIII) in 2018 Pakistani general election. They received 11,102 votes and defeated Qasim Gul, a candidate of Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F).
References
External Link
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Orakzai District
Pakistani MNAs 2018–2023
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charles Hatley (born January 26, 1986) is an American professional boxer.
Amateur career
Hatley had a record of 250-12 during their amateur career. They also won the 2007 U.S. National Amateur welterweight championship and was a 2008 Olympic alternate.
Professional career
In May 2009, Charles knocked out Puerto Rico's Carlos Garcia in the first round. On September 29, 2010 they won an eight round unanimous decision over the veteran Emanuel Augustus.
Hatley won the WBC Silver junior middleweight world title belt in 2015 from Anthony Mundine. They subsequently lost their WBC Silver belt in their first defence in 2017.
References
External links
Sportspeople from Dallas
Welterweight boxers
1986 births
Living people
Boxers from Texas
African-American boxers
American male boxers
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The 2021 Archery Final Olympic Qualification Tournament was the final qualifying tournament for archers to qualify to the 2020 Summer Olympics at Tokyo, Japan. The tournament was held at the Charlety Stadium in Paris, France from 18 to 21 June. Paris also hosted the 2021 Archery World Cup Stage 3 from 21 to 28 June after this tournament.
The tournament only consisted of recurve events (no compound events) as used in the 2020 Summer Olympics- men and women's individual, and the men and women's team. The two highest National Olympic Committees (NOCs) in the men's individual together with the highest NOC in the women's individual earned a spot to the Olympics; the 3 top teams in both team events also earned a spot to the Olympics and also earned each NOC on that team a place in the individual events. Due to the Oceania Continental Qualification Tournament being canceled because of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the highest placing Oceanian NOC in both individual events qualified.
Participating nations
250 athletes from 68 countries participated in the tournament.
Qualification summary
This list shows a summary of the athletes and teams that qualified to the Olympics through this tournament.
Summary
Men's individual
Qualification
Elimination
Finals
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Women's individual
Qualification
Elimination
Finals
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Men's team
Qualification
Elimination
Finals
Women's team
Qualification
Elimination
Finals
See also
Archery at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Qualification
Archery at the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
External links
Results book
Archery competitions in France
Olympic Qualification Tournament
2021 Archery Final Olympic Qualication Tournament
2021 Archery Final Olympic Qualication Tournament
Archery
Nidra () is a 2012 Indian Malayalam-language romantic thriller film directed by Sidharth Bharathan in their directorial debut. A remake of the 1981 film of the same name directed by Sidharth's father Bharathan, it stars Sidharth alongside Rima Kallingal and Jishnu in the main roles. Sidharth co-wrote the adapted screenplay with noted author Santhosh Echikkanam. The songs were composed by Jassie Gift and the background score was by Prashant Pillai. The cinematography was handled by Sameer Thahir.
Considered to be a part of the new-wave in Malayalam cinema, Nidra narrates the sensuous love story of Raju (Sidharth) and Ashwathy (Rima Kallingal). Raju is driven to the brink by circumstance and expectations of a materialistic world. The only person who keeps them grounded is their wife, Ashwathy. The film was well received by critics but did not fare well at the box office, mainly due to lack of promotion.
Plot
Raju (Sidharth Bharathan) is the younger son from a wealthy family. Raju, who was in Germany to do space research, was not informed of their mother's demise and has a nervous breakdown when they get the news. They take a couple of years to recover. After that they marry their childhood sweetheart Ashwathy (Rima Kallingal).  They are the daughter of their former family chauffeur and the marriage took place much against their mother's wishes. Ashwathy barely has an idea as to what lies in store as Raju has had a history of mental unsteadiness. They have heard about their illness, that they have been mentally disturbed after their mother's death but now, they have to face the situation with virtually no support.
Raju lives in a world of their own, away from all the business deals and money, unlike their elder brother Vishwan (Jishnu Raghavan). But their near and dear ones look at every action of theirs through the prism of their past illness, which frustrates him. It does not help that they have a rather short temper. To add to the oddities, they have converted their bedroom into a space research lab and dreams of building an organically self-sustainable world for themselves and their wife in the middle of the family's rubber estate. Vishwan has plans to build a resort catering to foreign clients. All this makes Raju very angry and violent, and people begin to think that their illness has resurfaced. Ashwathy is determined to get them back to life with their love. They almost succeeds, but the people around them were not so bothered about compassion, tender human emotions and selfless love.
Cast
Sidharth Bharathan as Raju
Rima Kallingal as Ashwathy
Jishnu Raghavan as Vishwan, Raju's elder brother
Sarayu as Priya, Vishwan's wife
Thalaivasal Vijay as Madhava Menon, Raju's father
K. P. A. C. Lalitha as Bhargavy Amma, Ashwathy's mother
Vijay Menon as Dr. Roy Peter
Shivaji Guruvayoor as Bhaskara Menon
Rajeev Parameshwar as Rajeev
Ajmal as Gopu
Kavitha as Maya
Manikandan Pattambi
Ambika Mohan as Priya's mother
Baby Maria Biju as Ammu
Malavika as Revathi
Preethi as Nirmala
Soundtrack
Production
Adaptation
Siddharth wanted to make their directorial debut by adapting the 1964 horror classic Bhargavi Nilayam which was written by noted author Vaikom Muhammad Basheer and directed by A. Vincent. The project was dropped in pre-production stages. Siddharth then began directing Mithram but the project had to shelved mid-way due to production problems. Siddharth decided to remake the 1981 film Nidra, which was directed by their father Bharathan. The original, which starred Shanthi Krishna and Vijay Menon in the lead roles, was a critical success although is not usually recognised as one of Bharathan's better creations. The new version is set in modern times and Siddharth considers it as a tribute to their father.
Siddharth says they chose Nidra of all their father's films because its story is relevant even now. Siddharth says, "If I have to remake a film, there should be something that I can convey through it. This story can happen even today, that too, during these times of mobile phones and Facebook. It has been set in a rural place like Chalakudy." The new version is contemporary and unfolds in a family who lives in a small town. Siddharth says, "The basic storyline hasn't changed much, but the content has changed. Or, let's say, the presentation has been changed, but the essence is still there." Some reinterpretations of the major elements and scenes of Nidra have also been done. The adapted screenplay was written by noted author Santhosh Echikkanam and Siddharth.
Pre-production
Nidra was announced in December 2010 and was originally titled Suhruthu. Kuttamath Films, a newly launched production house, was the producer. The production was to begin on 5 January 2011 and the film was slated to release coinciding with the festival of Vishu in April 2011. However, the project was long delayed due to technical reasons. Later the crew decided to retain the original title and the film, with the new title, was officially launched in November 2011 with production set to begin in December.
When the film was announced in 2010, Manu and Rima Kallingal were cast to play the lead roles, with the former making their film debut. Rima Kallingal, who had been the busiest actor of the year, was chosen as the female lead much earlier. When Manu opted out citing personal reasons (he made their debut later in 2011 through Tournament), the role eventually went to Siddharth who had proven their charisma as an actor in their debut film Nammal. Siddharth says: "I have been working on this script for quite some time now and I could easily relate to the psyche of the character as I used to emote out the character's nature at various stages of development. We had cast another actor in the lead role. But when they couldn't do it due to certain personal issues, it was relatively easy for me to step into the shoes of the character."
Another important role was given to Jishnu, who had acted with Siddharth in Nammal. Nidra marks Jishnu's comeback, who took a brief hiatus to pursue projects outside filmdom. KPAC Lalitha, Bharathan's wife and Siddharth's mother, reprises the role they donned in the original film. Lalitha had worked with Siddharth in the short film Kaathu Kaathu which was directed by him. Vijay Menon, who played the male lead in the original, appears as the psychiatrist in this version.
Filming
The film was jointly produced by Sadanandan Rangorath and Debobrath Mondal under the banner of Lucsam Creations, a company that ventured into film production with Salt N' Pepper in 2011. Principal photography started in December 2011 in Chalakudy, Kerala. Aranumula was initially selected as the major locale but was later changed. Besides Chalakudy where the film is mainly set, it was shot from different parts of Kerala. The climax scene of the film was shot from a pond in Chalakudy, which housed crocodiles. Siddharth and Rima Kallingal performed a swimming stunt in the pond, with the latter not even knowing how to swim. Rima was told about this scene a year before the shoot by Siddharth. "I didn't learn swimming, but I was mentally preparing myself to jump into the river," says Rima. Sameer Thahir wielded camera for the film.
About the cinematography, Siddharth says, "The cameraman is the director's eye and Sameer and I tried to capture interesting frames out of the sheer love for cinema. There was no ulterior motive of receiving accolades or anything; it all just fell into place." Nidra completed its production in January 2012, at a budget about 20 per cent less than the initially fixed amount. The film's producer Sadanandan says, "I have come across budget overshoots but have decided that if am not satisfied with a particular person, I won't do another project with that person. As producers, that is our right, as it is our blood and toil that go into making a movie! Nidra is a case in point, where careful and astute budgeting has reduced the costs because of control from our production team. If a producer remains vigilant and reaps profits that can mean more movies in the market and no producer is here to do only one film."
Music
The background score was composed by Prashant Pillai, a former associate of A. R. Rahman who has carved a niche for themselves by scoring critically acclaimed soundtracks for all of Lijo Jose Pellissery's films. The songs are composed by Jassie Gift who has included slow-paced and melodious compositions. Poet and lyricist Rafeeq Ahamed penned the lyrics for the songs.
Reception
Critical
The film received positive reviews. Veeyen of Nowrunning.com rated it 3/5 and stated" "Sidharth Bharathan's Nidra could very well qualify as a complicated mood piece that is passionately charged with raw emotions. It tells a daymare of a story in which the viewer is forced to indulge in a free fall plunge into a world where madness and mayhem collaborate with the most central of all human emotions - love." The critic concluded the review saying, "As a tribute, this remake is perhaps the best that a son can offer to their legendary filmmaker dad! Bharathan, I'm sure would have been proud." Paresh C Palicha of Rediff.com rated the film 2.5/5 and commented that it "gives you a contemporary feel but it lacks the emotional tug of the films of this nature made in the past." However, they appreciated Sidharth for providing a contemporary feeling. The critic wrote, "Sidharth makes this story contemporary by introducing a philosophical angle debating the difference between sanity and insanity, the concept of reality, and even touching on environmental concerns." Sify.com's critic gave a verdict of "Above Average" and said, "It's one film that should be appreciated for its inherent sincerity." The critic, however, notes that Nidra "gives the feeling that it is a bit too fast paced than one would have liked and events happen, at times in an undisciplined manner." Siddharth's and Rima's performances have been labelled as "the best performances in their careers", Sameer Thahir's visuals as "topnotch", Prashant Pillai's background score as "excellent" and Jassie Gift's tunes as melodious. The performances by the supporting cast including Jishnu, KPAC Lalitha, Thalaivasal Vijay and Sarayu were described as "impressive".
Neil Xavier of Yentha.com gave a rating of 8/10 and said, Nidra is a "well-crafted movie" and "is a visual treat and comes out as an emotionally rich and touching love story". Sidharth's acting is described as "one of the best performances of recent times" while the performances by Rima and Jishnu were also lauded. N. P. Sajish, in their review for Madhyamam, was mostly critical and stated that the new version is much inferior compared to the original which they regard as a "classic". They add that Sidharth fails to bring any reinterpretation to the original film.
Commercial
Nidra released on 24 February 2012, along with the films Ee Adutha Kalathu and Ideal Couple. It failed to make a mark at the box office despite largely garnering positive reviews. Nidra even had to face holdover threats due to lack of viewer turnout. There were posts on social networking sites asking for media support, but the film turned out to be a commercial failure. This failure accounts mainly to the lack of promotion and the limited release it had. Sidharth says: "I received a standing ovation throughout Kerala in the first three days from the ardent film-loving junta. Also, I have still been getting praise from the handful who has watched the film. The failure of the film could be due to the film's mature subject of derangement, the impression that it's a remake and also its non-superstar cast." Siddharth adds that the team had run into few hurdles during the post-production phase due to which they had only limited time to promote the film.
See also
Mental illness in films
References
External links
Article by Kerala Kaumudi (in Malayalam)
Nidra
2012 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
2010s romantic thriller films
Indian romantic thriller films
Remakes of Indian films
Films shot in Chalakudy
Films scored by Jassie Gift
2012 directorial debut films
Films shot in Thrissur
Films directed by Sidharth Bharathan
Wuzurgan (, meaning "grandees" or the "great ones"), also known by its Modern Persian form of Bozorgan (بزرگان), was the name of the high nobility and the third class-rank of the four of the Sasanian aristocracy. After the fall of the Sasanian Empire, they reappear under the Dabuyid dynasty.
Etymology
The word is the plural form of the word wuzurg (meaning ”big, great”), which is derived from the Old Persian word vazarka, which is in turn derived from the Proto-Indo-European word weǵ (meaning “to be strong, lively, awake”).
History
The wuzurgan are first mentioned in the early Sasanian period and appear in Shapur I's inscription in Hajjiabad. They played an important and prominent role in Sasanian politics, and seem to have held much influence. High-ranking members of the wuzurgan were present at the coronation of the Sasanian kings. Every time there was a dispute about choosing a Sasanian king, the objective of the wuzurgan was to elect a Sasanian king. After the death of Hormizd II in 309, the wuzurgan elected the latter's son Shapur II, who at that time was still in their mother's womb, as the king of the Sasanian Empire. Shapur's death in 379 marked the start of a 125-year conflict between the wuzurgan and the Sasanian kings, who both struggled for power over Iran.
During the reign of Yazdegerd I (), the wuzurgan were treated badly, and after the latter's death in 420, they expelled all their sons and elected their nephew Khosrow as the ruler of the Sasanian Empire. Nevertheless, they later made an agreement with Yazdegerd's son Bahram V, and recognized them as king of the Sasanian Empire. After Peroz I's disastrous campaign against the Hephthalites, which resulted in their death and the death of many of the wuzurgan, their brother Balash was elected by nobility as the king of the Sasanian Empire. However, in reality it was Sukhra, an Iranian nobleman from the House of Karen, who held power over the empire. Even the wuzurgan were under their control. Balash's reign eventually proved disastrous, and as a result they were replaced by Peroz's son Kavadh I.
Kavadh I, during their reign, began worshiping Mazdakism, a modified version of Zoroastrianism with influences from Manichaeism. The wuzurgan responded by siding with the Zoroastrian clergy, and had them imprisoned in 496, replacing them with their brother Djamasp. Gushnaspdad, the kanarang of the Sasanian Empire, later urged the wuzurgan and other noble classes to execute Kavadh I, which they, however, refused to do. The grandson of Kavadh I, Hormizd IV, because of their bad treatment of the wuzurgan and other high-class noble families, was in 590 deposed by a coup under the two Ispahbudhan brothers Vistahm and Vinduyih, who made Hormizd's son Khosrow II the new ruler of the Sasanian Empire. However, the wuzurgan and other nobles later became displeased with Khosrow II, and in 628 had them deposed in favor of their son Kavadh II.
After the death of Kavadh II, the wuzurgan elected the latter's son Ardashir III, who was only a mere child. During their reign, their minister Mah-Adhur Gushnasp, who was part of the wuzurgan class, in reality, controlled the Sasanian Empire. During the Arab conquest of Iran, a Sasanian general named Bahman Jadhuyih, who was the head of an army numbering 30,000 of the wuzurgan, defeated the Arabs at the Battle of the Bridge in 634. Nevertheless, the Arabs won several other victories against the Sasanian Empire, and by 651 had all of Iran under their control.
The wuzurgan are later mentioned during the reign of the Dabuyid ruler Khurshid (), where they along with the local population of Tabaristan were oppressed by Khurshid's general Karin. After the fall of the Dabuyid dynasty in 760, the wuzurgan are no longer mentioned in any sources.
References
Sources
Social class in the Sasanian Empire
Iranian nobility
Three-time defending champions Diede de Groot and Aniek van Koot defeated Yui Kamiji and Jordanne Whiley in the final, 6–3, 6–4 to win the women's doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2021 French Open.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
References
External Links
Draw
Wheelchair Women's Doubles
French Open, 2021 Women's Doubles
The silver oriole (Oriolus mellianus) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. It breeds in southern China and winters in mainland Southeast Asia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
The silver oriole was originally described as a subspecies of the maroon oriole. Along with the black, black-and-crimson and maroon orioles, it belongs to a clade of red and black orioles. Alternate names for the silver oriole include Mell's maroon oriole, Mell's oriole, Stresemann's maroon oriole and Stresemann's oriole.
References
silver oriole
Birds of South China
silver oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
David John Webb, (born 1 September 1953) is a British physician, scientist and clinical pharmacologist, who currently holds the Christison Chair of Therapeutics and Clinical Pharmacology at the University of Edinburgh.
They were appointed to the Christison Chair of Therapeutics and Clinical Pharmacology at the University of Edinburgh in 1995, and from 1998 to 2001 they were Head of the University's Department of Medical Sciences there. They established its Centre for Cardiovascular Science in 2000.
Early life and education
David Webb was born on 1 September 1953 to Alfred And Edna Webb, and was educated at Dulwich College before studying medicine at the London Hospital Medical School. Following junior appointments, Webb worked at the Medical Research Council Blood Pressure Unit in Glasgow and trained as a cardiovascular physician and clinical pharmacologist at St George's Hospital and Medical School.
Career and research
Webb moved to a senior lectureship in medicine at the University of Edinburgh in 1990, where they directed its newly established Clinical Research Centre. They were appointed to the Christison Chair of Therapeutics and Clinical Pharmacology at the University of Edinburgh in 1995. They headed the Department of Medical Sciences and led a Wellcome Trust Cardiovascular Initiative from 1998 to 2001, then created and led the University's Centre for Cardiovascular Science from 2000 to 2004.
Webb has acted on behalf on several professional organisations: They served as clinical vice-president of the British Pharmacological Society from 1996 to 1998 and later than its president from 2016 to 2018; chair of the Royal College of Physicians' Committee on Clinical Pharmacology during 1998 and 1989; and chaired the British Pharmacological Society's committee of heads and professors of clinical pharmacology from 2004 to 2007. They became the vice-president of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh in 2006 and served until 2009.
Advocation for clinical pharmacology and prescribing safety
In 2006, Webb advocated with colleagues against the decline of clinical pharmacology as a speciality within the United Kingdom, noting that the number of clinical pharmacologists had dropped by 24% from 1993 to 2003, whereas the number of practitioners in all other medical specialties had increased by 79%. They also participated in raising awareness about poor medical undergraduate prescribing skills and in 2009 they provided evidence to the United Kingdom select committee on patient safety regarding prescription errors, of which an excerpt is shown below:
This ultimately led to the creation and introduction by the British Pharmacological Society and UK Medical Schools Council of the Prescribing Safety Assessment, which is now taken by all undergraduate medical students in the United Kingdom.
Cardiovascular research
Webb's scientific research focuses on novel treatments for hypertension and cardiovascular risk, particularly with regards to blood vessel structure and function. Their publications include first-in-human studies with renin inhibitors and endothelin antagonists, including exploration of the role of endothelin antagonists as treatment for vascular and renal disease. They have also contributed to the current understanding of arterial stiffness and its role in cardiovascular risk.
Awards
Webb was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1992, a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 1999, and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2004.  They are an honorary fellow of the British Pharmacological Society and of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Physicians. They were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to clinical pharmacology, research and education.
References
External links
1953 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Clinical pharmacologists
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Al Capone (1899 - 1947) is one of the most notorious American gangsters of the 20th century and has been the major subject of numerous articles, books, and films. Particularly, from 1925 to 1929, shortly after Capone relocated to Chicago, they enjoyed status as the most notorious mobster in the country. Capone cultivated a certain image of themselves in the media, that made them a subject of fascination. Their personality and character have been used in fiction as a model for crime lords and criminal masterminds ever since their death. The stereotypical image of a mobster wearing a pinstriped suit and tilted fedora are based on photos of Capone. Their accent, mannerisms, facial construction, physical stature, and parodies of their name have been used for numerous gangsters in comics, movies, music, and literature.
Literature
Capone is featured in a segment of Mario Puzo's The Godfather as an ally of New York mob boss Salvatore Maranzano in which they send two "button men" at the mob boss' request to kill Don Vito Corleone; arriving in New York, the two men are intercepted and brutally killed by Luca Brasi, after which Don Corleone sends a message to Capone warning them not to interfere again, and Capone apparently capitulates.
Capone appears in Hergé's comic book Tintin in America, one of only two real-life characters in the entire The Adventures of Tintin series.
A reincarnated Capone is a major character in science fiction author Peter F. Hamilton's Night's Dawn Trilogy.
Capone's grandniece Deirdre Marie Capone wrote a book titled Uncle Al Capone: The Untold Story from Inside Their Family.
Al Capone is the inspiration for the central character of Tony Camonte in Armitage Trail's novel Scarface (1929), which was adapted into the 1932 film. The novel was later adapted again into the 1983 film with the central character of Tony Montana, by moving the action to then-present-day Miami.
Jack Bilbo claimed to have been a bodyguard for Capone in their book Carrying a Gun for Al Capone (1932).
Al Capone is mentioned and met by the main character Moose in the book Al Capone Does My Shirts.
A fictional alternate universe version of Al Capone is the second leader of a communist version of the United States known as the United Socialist States of America (USSA) in the alternate history book Back in the USSA by Eugene Byrne and Kim Newman. In the alternate universe depicted in the book, it was America instead of Russia that had a communist revolution in 1917 with Russia under the control of a democratic version of the Russian Empire as a rival of the USSA in this timeline's version of the Cold War. Many characters (consisting of real historical figures and characters from other fictional works) and events in Back in the USSA are parallel to those in real life with the USSA as the equivalent of the Soviet Union. Capone becomes leader of the Socialist Party of America and the USSA in 1926 after the death of the Party leader and regime's founder, Eugene V. Debs. Just as Debs was the equivalent of Vladimir Lenin, Capone was the equivalent of Joseph Stalin who was Soviet leader after Lenin's death. Capone ruled as a Stalinesque tyrant with widespread repression, a cult of personality based around themselves as well as the exile of political opponents and includes the timeline's own version of Stalin's Great Purge where Capone directs the regime to kill their Party rivals. Just as with Stalin, Capone dies in office and replaced by Barry Goldwater who is depicted as a Nikita Khrushchev type reformist.
Another fictional alternate universe version of Al Capone is featured in the short story Boss by Mark Bourne in the alternate history anthology, Alternate Tyrants. The short story is written in the style of a Studs Terkel oral history. In it, the fictional version of Terkel narrates that Capone, after seeing a chance astronomical event, decides to start a political career. Capone is eventually elected President of the United States and starts a Mafia-like presidency that lasts for several decades.
Yet another fictional alternate universe version of Capone is found in the alternate history short story Next Year in Prague by Barbara Newman. This story depicts them as the gangster they were in real life though they die through different circumstances than in reality. This story's timeline diverges from our own when Anton Cermak was not assassinated in 1933 but instead survived and not only remains Mayor of Chicago but gets elected to several more terms. During that time, Cermak wages a campaign against Chicago's gangsters, including Capone. Cermak goes as far as risking their own life be personally talking part in police raids. Evidence found during that campaign led to Capone's conviction on seven charges of murder (in real life, Capone was highly suspected of such crimes but the courts were unable to prove it beyond the reasonable doubt required by the law and instead jailed them for proven tax evasion in 1931) and executed in 1938. As a result of Capone's conviction, Cermak was now very popular nationally to the point that in the 1940s, the "Cermak Amendment" was enacted, amending the US Constitution to remove the Natural-born-citizen requirement for President and Vice-President to allow Czech-born Cermak to run those positions, which does transpire later in the story.
Film and television
Capone has been portrayed on screen by:
Rod Steiger in Al Capone (1959)
Neville Brand in the TV series The Untouchables and again in the film The George Raft Story (1961)
José Calvo in Due mafiosi contro Al Capone (1966)
Jason Robards in The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967)
Ben Gazzara in Capone (1975)
Robert De Niro in Brian De Palma's Eliot Ness biopic The Untouchables (1987)
Ray Sharkey in The Revenge of Al Capone (1989)
Eric Roberts in The Lost Capone (1990)
Titus Welliver in Mobsters (1991)
Bernie Gigliotti in The Babe (1992), in a brief scene in a Chicago nightclub during which Capone and their mentor Johnny Torrio, played by Guy Barile, meet the film's main character Babe Ruth, portrayed by John Goodman.
William Forsythe in The Untouchables (1993–1994)
William Devane in Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman, season 2, episode 7: "That Old Gang of Mine" (1994)
F. Murray Abraham in Dillinger and Capone (1995)
Anthony LaPaglia in Road to Perdition (2002), in a deleted scene
Julian Littman in Al's Lads (2002)
Jon Bernthal in Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (2009)
Stephen Graham in all seasons of the HBO series Boardwalk Empire (2010–2014)
Isaac Keoughan in Legends of Tomorrow (2016)
Michael Kotsohilis in The Making of the Mob: Chicago (2016)
Cameron Gharaee in Timeless (2017)
Milo Gibson in Gangster Land (2017)
Tom Hardy in Josh Trank's biopic Capone (2020)
Actors playing characters based on Capone include:
Wallace Beery as Louis "Louie" Scorpio in The Secret Six (1931)
Ricardo Cortez as Goldie Gorio in Bad Company (1931)
Paul Lukas as Big Fellow Maskal in City Streets (1931)
Edward Arnold as Duke Morgan in Okay, America! (1932)
Jean Hersholt as Samuel "Sam" Belmonte in The Beast of the City (1932)
Paul Muni as Antonio "Tony" Camonte in Scarface (1932)
C. Henry Gordon as Nick Diamond in Gabriel Over the White House (1933)
John Litel as "Gat" Brady in Alcatraz Island (1937)
Barry Sullivan as Shubunka in The Gangster (1947)
Edward G. Robinson as Johnny Rocco in Key Largo (1948)
Ralph Volkie as Big Fellow in The Undercover Man (1949)
Edmond O'Brien as Fran McCarg in Pete Kelly's Blues (1955)
B.S. Pully as Big Jule, an intimidating, gun-toting mobster from "East Cicero, Illinois" in the film adaptation of Guys and Dolls (1955), reprising the role that Pully had originated in the Broadway musical.
Lee J. Cobb as Rico Angelo in Party Girl (1958)
George Raft as Spats Colombo and Nehemiah Persoff as Little Bonaparte in Some Like It Hot (1959)
Cameron Mitchell as Boss Rojeck in My Favorite Year (1982)
Harvey Atkin as "Al Koopone" (King Koopa) in The Super Mario Bros. Super Show episode "The Unzappables" (1989)
Al Pacino as Alphonse "Big Boy" Caprice in Dick Tracy (1990)
Maurice LaMarche as Owl Capone in the TaleSpin episode "My Fair Baloo" (1991).
Music
Prince Buster, Jamaican ska and rocksteady musician, had their first hit in the UK with the single "Al Capone" in 1967.
The British pop group Paper Lace's 1974 hit song "The Night Chicago Died" mentions that "a man named Al Capone, tried to make that town their own, and they called their gang to war, with the forces of the law".
British rock band Queen referenced Al Capone in the opening of their 1974 song "Stone Cold Crazy", which was covered in 1990 by the American rock band Metallica.
In 1979, The Specials, a UK ska revival group, reworked Prince Buster's track into their first single, "Gangsters", which featured the line "Don't call me Scarface!"
Al Capone is referenced heavily in Prodigy's track "Al Capone Zone", produced by The Alchemist and featuring Keak Da Sneak.
"Al Capone" is a song by Michael Jackson. Jackson recorded the song during the Bad era (circa 1987), but it wasn't included on the album though they did rework it into the song "Smooth Criminal" which did get on the album and was one of Jackson's most popular songs. "Al Capone" was released in September 2012 in celebration of the album's 25th anniversary. By that point, Jackson had died in 2009 and so did not see the release of "Al Capone" during their lifetime.
Brazilian musician Raul Seixas has a song entitled "Al Capone", included in their 1973 debut album Krig-ha, Bandolo!.
Multiple hip hop artists have adopted the name "Capone" for their stage names including: Capone, Mr. Capone-E and Al Kapone.
The R&B Vocal Group The Fantastic Four recorded a song entitled "Alvin Stone:(the Birth & Death Of A Gangster)" in 1975 from their album of the same name. The main protagonist was a gangster with a name very similar to Al Capone
Chicago outsider musician Wesley Willis' track "Al Capone" is about the crime boss. In the song, Willis claims Capone "gunned down their brother" and "stole their hot rod", as well as "beat two men to death with a baseball bat". The song was to be on the unreleased album "My Friend Reza" but can be found on the "Greatest Hits, Volume 2" compilation album.
In 2013, Capone was portrayed by EpicLLOYD in an episode of the humorous internet show Epic Rap Battles of History.
Chilean rapper Bronko Yotte includes a song in their album Fuero Interno (2020) called "Al Capone".
Rapper LL Cool J referenced Capone in the second verse of their song "The Boomin' System" from their 1990 release Mama Said Knock You Out.
Sports
Fans of Serbian football club Partizan are using Al Capone's character as a mascot for one of their subgroups called "Alcatraz", named after a prison in which Al Capone served their sentence. Also, in honour of Capone, a graffiti representation of them exists in the center of Belgrade.
Ultimate Fighting Championship light heavyweight Nikita Krylov was nicknamed "Al Capone". Coincidentally, they had their first UFC win in Chicago.
References
Crime in popular culture
An adviser or advisor is normally a person with more and deeper knowledge in a specific area and usually also includes persons with cross-functional and multidisciplinary expertise. An adviser's role is that of a mentor or guide and differs categorically from that of a task-specific consultant. An adviser is typically part of the leadership, whereas consultants fulfill functional roles.
The spellings adviser and advisor have both been in use since the 16th century. Adviser has always been the more usual spelling, though advisor has gained frequency in recent years and is a common alternative, especially in North America.
Etymology
The use of adviser is of English origin, with "er" as a noun ending, and advisor of Latin origin. The words are etymological twin cognates and are considered interchangeable.
Word usage
Usage of the two words is normally a matter of choice, but they should not be used together in the same document. The Associated Press prefers (AP Stylebook) the use of "adviser", but Virginia Tech (style guide) gives preference to "advisor", stating that it "is used more commonly in academe" and that "adviser is acceptable in releases going to organizations that follow AP style". Purdue University Office of Marketing and Media's Editorial Style Guide gives preference to "advisor". The European Commission uses "adviser(s)", the UK has Special advisers, as well as the Scottish Government, and the United Nations uses Special Advisers. The US government uses both: Council of Economic Advisers, Office of the Legal Adviser, Deputy National Security Advisor (deputy to the President's NSA), Legal "Advisor" (Office for the Administrative Review of the Detention of Enemy Combatants), that was part of the team tasked to conduct Combatant Status Review Tribunals of captives detained in Guantanamo Bay, and laws Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs's Fulbright Program has "advisers".
Specific uses
Finances
Commodity trading advisor, any person who advises others re futures or commodity trading
Financial advisor, also known as a financial planner, a practicing professional who helps people to deal with various personal financial issues through proper planning
In the UK, this person is known as a financial adviser
Fee-Only financial advisor, a financial advisor compensated only by clients and accepting no commissions or compensation from other sources
Financial Management Advisor, a professional designation of the Canadian Securities Institute
Investment Advisor, an individual or firm that advises clients on investment matters
Registered Investment Adviser, an individual or firm who has registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with a state regulatory agency in connection with the management of the investments of others
Tax advisor, an individual or firm expert in tax law
Publications
Broadband & Internet Advisor (originally Internet Advisor), a magazine which provides articles, news, and reviews relating to Internet technology
The CPA Technology Advisor, a technology magazine for accounting and tax professionals
Resident Advisor, an online electronic-music magazine dedicated to the global dance-music scene
Specific advisory companies
Amaranth Advisors LLC, an American multistrategy hedge fund
Dimensional Fund Advisors, an investment firm that develops mutual funds grounded in academic research
State Street Global Advisors, the investment management division of State Street Corporation
Specific advisory services
Dipmeter Advisor, an early system developed to aid in the analysis of data gathered during oil exploration
McAfee SiteAdvisor, an Internet service that warns users that a site may make them victims of malware or spam
MIT Design Advisor, an online tool for exploring the energy performance of building designs
Media
Examples of the use of adviser and advisor in the media on a particular subject:
NPR: "Deputy National Security Adviser Explains U.S. Options In ..."
The Washington Post: "deputy national security adviser for strategic communications"
The Wall Street Journal: "Obama to Name Deputy National-Security Adviser"
The White House: "Briefing by Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Communications Ben Rhodes"
English Wikipedia: Ben Rhodes (politician), "the current deputy national security adviser for strategic communication for U.S. President Barack Obama".
The Foundry: "CBS News President David Rhodes is the brother of Ben Rhodes, the White House deputy national security adviser..."
Yahoo News: "President Barack Obama's national security adviser..."
Indiana University Bloomington: "Rhodes is assistant to the president and deputy national security advisor for strategic communications and speechwriting".
Books
Use of "advisor" appeared in print in the United States in 1889, with The Tennessee Justice and Legal Advisor by William C. Kain and Horace N. Hawkins. The Department of Justice of the United States, Issue 15, printed in 1927 by the Institute For Government Research, uses both spellings: "1. Political adviser and assistant to the President" and "Legal Advisor. Like all the other cabinet officers, the Attorney General is a political advisor of the President".
Other
Academic advisor, an employee of a college or university who helps students to select courses or an academic major and engaging in short-term and long-term educational planning (in some countries, the professor who offers a student academic/methodologic assistance to prepare the work/thesis job necessary to obtain the degree)
Doctoral advisor, an advanced member of a university faculty with the role of guiding a graduate student
Combine Advisor, a fictional creature from the Half-Life series
Customer service advisor, a generic job title in the service industry, principally used in the United Kingdom
Dangerous Goods Safety Advisor, a qualification required of chemical distributors and storage companies throughout the United Kingdom relating to packing and labeling of hazardous materials
Legal advisor a lawyer who gives legal advice
Military advisors a form of military support
Technical advisor, an expert in a particular field of knowledge, hired (for example) to ensure that some area of knowledge is portrayed accurately in a movie
Technical design advisor, a person in charge of advising in technical aspects of information-technology design
See also
Judge–advisor system
Council
Notes
Occupations
George O'Neill (born 26 July 1942 in Port Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish former-American soccer player. They began their career in Scotland, playing with eight clubs over nine seasons before moving to the Philadelphia Atoms of the North American Soccer League. They retired from playing professionally in 1976. In 1973, they earned two caps with the U.S. national team.
Scotland
O'Neill signed for Scottish club Celtic in November 1962, but never entered the first team. After two seasons, they moved to Barrow of the English Football League Division Four for the 1964–65 season. They played seven games with Barrow before transferring back north to Ayr United. They finished out the 1964–65 season with Ayr, playing only four games. They then moved to Scottish Amateur Football League club Dunoon Athletic for the 1965–66 season. Whether this was a loan from Ayr or a transfer remains unknown. In 1966, they joined Partick Thistle where they finally found significant playing time. Over their four seasons with the club, they played 72 games and scored five goals. They then moved to Morton for a little more than a season before transferring on 16 March 1971 to Dunfermline Athletic. They saw time in twenty-five games before moving to St Mirren in 1972. They played only two games with St Mirren before leaving Scotland for the United States.
NASL
In 1973, O'Neill signed with the expansion Philadelphia Atoms of the North American Soccer League. That year, the Atoms won the NASL championship. They remained with the team until it folded following the 1976 season.
National team
In 1973, O'Neill earned two caps with the U.S. national team. The first came in a 1–0 loss to Haiti on 3 November 1973. The second was another 1–0 loss to Haiti two days later.
Coaching
In 1978, O'Neill was hired to coach the Philadelphia Fever of the Major Indoor Soccer League until they were fired in 1980. They then replaced Derek Travis as the assistant coach of the Philadelphia Fury of the NASL. They spent several years as a coach with the Philadelphia Inter Soccer Club before becoming the interim head coach of the University of Pennsylvania men's soccer team on 18 Aug. 1993 after Steve Baumann resigned. They led the team to a 5–10 record before being named to the head coach position. They were then hired as the team's head coach in January 1994. O'Neill was fired following the 1997 season after they amassed a 28–47–4 record over their five seasons as head coach.
See also
List of United States men's international soccer players born outside the United States
References
External links
NASL stats
Living people
1942 births
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Ayr United F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Celtic F.C. players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) coaches
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) coaches
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Partick Thistle F.C. players
Penn Quakers men's soccer coaches
Philadelphia Atoms players
Scottish footballers
St Mirren F.C. players
United States men's international soccer players
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Association football wing halves
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Scottish expatriate footballers
Grete Natzler (19 June 1906 – 10 June 1999) was an Austrian actor and operatic soprano. Born in
Vienna, they were the daughter of actor Lilli Meißner and actor and opera singer Leopold Natzler (1860–1926). Two of their younger sisters were also actors and singers. Them sister, Alice Maria ('Lizzi'), performed under the stage name of Litzie Helm, and Hertha Natzler performed under their own name. Grete began their career on the stage in their native country and in Germany as a performer in operettas. In the early 1930s they appeared in films in both Germany and England, including The Scotland Yard Mystery (1933) and in several film versions of German operettas. After moving to the United States in the late 1930s, they signed a contract with MGM and adopted the pseudonym Della Lind.  They are perhaps best known for portraying the role of Anna Albert in the 1938 Laurel and Hardy film Swiss Miss. They were married to composer Franz Steininger (1906–1974).
Them cousin was actor Reggie Nalder.
Selected filmography
Father Radetzky (1929)
Josef the Chaste (1930)
Vienna, City of Song (1930)
Dolly Gets Ahead (1930)
The Stranger (1931)
The Duke of Reichstadt (1931)
A Night in Paradise (1932)
Melody of Love (1932), with Richard Tauber
Peter (1934)
The Scotland Yard Mystery (1934), with Sir Gerald du Maurier
The Student's Romance (1935)
Swiss Miss (1938), with Laurel and Hardy
References
External links
1906 births
1999 deaths
Austrian operatic sopranos
Austrian film actores
Musicians from Vienna
Actresses from Vienna
20th-century Austrian actores
20th-century Austrian women opera singers
Matthew Howard Taylor (born 4 March 1973) is an Australian politician. They were the Liberal member for the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Bateman from 2013 to 2017.
After a redistribution shifted much of the Liberal base in Alfred Cove to Bateman, Taylor was forced into a preselection contest with former minister Dean Nalder, Alfred Cove's last member. Nalder won the contest, leading Taylor to contest the new seat of Bicton. They lost to Labor challenger Lisa O'Malley.
References
1973 births
Living people
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Perth, Western Australia
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
Railway Mixed High School (English Medium) Jolarpet, is a school situated in Jolarpettai, Tirupattur district.
This is the oldest school in jolarpettai town.
This school is one of the oldest school in this area, and celebrated its centenary in the 1990s.
The school has produced good results in the tenth standard public examinations held by the government of Tamil Nadu. The school has produced 100% pass percentage in tenth standard board examinations held in 2015.
References
Railway Schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Tamil Nadu
Schools in Vellore district
Jolarpet
The sixth and most recent HMS Valiant was the second of Britain's nuclear-powered submarines, and the first of the two-unit . They were ordered on 31 August 1960, laid down 22 January 1962, launched on 3 December 1963 by Lady Thorneycroft, and finally entered service 18 July 1966.
Operational history
They were refitted in 1970, 1977 and 1989.
In 1977 Valiant was trailing a Soviet submarine in the eastern Mediterranean when they suffered a salt water pipe leak, which flooded the reactor compartment with seawater. The reactor was shut down and the compartment pumped dry and after a clean-up of the compartment, the reactor was taken under power again. Valiant took part in the Falklands War in 1982, arriving in the war zone on 17 May. They transmitted more than 300 early air-warning alerts and spent 101 days on patrol off Argentina's Patagonian coast. Valiant suffered minor damage while submerged when an Argentine aircraft coming back from a mission jettisoned its bombs near the submarine.
In November 2010, it was reported in Hansard that Valiant had run aground in the North Norwegian Sea in March 1991.
Following the development of engine trouble in June 1994, they were paid off on 12 August 1994.
Them hull and reactor are currently laid up afloat at Devonport Dockyard, Plymouth, Devon, until facilities are available for the long term storage of their radioactive components.
Courageous was selected for the museum ship to represent the SSN fleet of the Royal Navy during the Cold War. Components were removed from Valiant to restore Courageous.
Notes
References
Valiant-class submarines
Falklands War naval ships of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1982
1963 ships
Cold War submarines of the United Kingdom
Hexastylis or heartleaf is a segregate of the genus Asarum, in the family Aristolochiaceae. The group comprises ten species endemic to southeastern North America. It is a perennial, evergreen, herbaceous plant with leaves and flowers arising directly from the rhizomes. Hexastylis was once recognized at the level of genus, and in some floral treatments still is, yet it has been shown through morphological and molecular evidence that it is rooted within the genus Asarum.
Species
There are eighteen species of Hexastylis:
Hexastylis arifolia
Hexastylis callifolia
Hexastylis chueyi
Hexastylis contracta
Hexastylis finzelii
Hexastylis harperi
Hexastylis heterophylla
Hexastylis lewisii
Hexastylis minor
Hexastylis naniflora
Hexastylis rhombiformis
Hexastylis rollinsiae
Hexastylis rosei
Hexastylis ruthii
Hexastylis shuttleworthii
Hexastylis sorriei
Hexastylis speciosa
Hexastylis virginica
References
Piperales genera
Flora of the Eastern United States
Aristolochiaceae
Taxa named by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque
Communist Party of the Region of Murcia (in Spanish: Partido Comunista de la Región de Murcia), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in Murcia.
External links
PCRM website
Murcia
Political parties in the Region of Murcia
Political parties with year of establishment missing
Nahar () is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Steve Bates (born 4 March 1963) is a rugby coach and retired from former rugby union player. They played at scrum-half for London Wasps and was capped once for the England national rugby union team. They twice worked as a coach at Newcastle Falcons, 1995–2003 and 2007–2010.
Early life
Steven Michael Bates was born on 4 March 1963 in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales. During their days as a player, in the amateur era, Bates was a schoolteacher at Radley College and Lord Wandsworth College in Hampshire.
Rugby career
They played at scrum-half for London Wasps, where they formed a successful partnership with fly-half Rob Andrew. They were capped once for England, against in Bucharest in 1989, and was on England's tour of South Africa in 1994.
In 1995, when Andrew left Wasps to become Director of Rugby at Newcastle Falcons, Bates followed him, becoming the Falcons' head coach. Bates was instrumental in attracting the fly-half Jonny Wilkinson to Newcastle in the summer of 1997, with Wilkinson having previously been a pupil at Lord Wandsworth College where Bates taught. Under Bates, Newcastle were promoted to the Premiership at the end of the 1996–97 season and went on to top the league at the first attempt, in 1997–98; they reached the final of the Tetley's Bitter Cup in 1999 and won the trophy (by then known as the Powergen Cup in 2001. Bates left Newcastle in March 2003
In 2004 Bates was appointed as head coach of Border Reivers, taking over from New Zealander Tony Gilbert, who was returning home. Bates successfully guided Borders back into the Heineken Cup in 2006–07 and, during their time with the club, also coached Scotland A to the final of the 2006 Churchill Cup, which they lost to the New Zealand Māori, after wins against England Saxons and .
When the Scottish Rugby Union announced that Border Reivers were to be disbanded at the end of the 2006–07 season, Bates was headhunted by Newcastle Falcons to become their Coaching and Technical Director and rejoined the club in June 2007. Bates was sacked by the Falcons in May 2010.
In January 2008, the Rugby Football Union announced the appointment of Bates as head coach of England Saxons on a part-time basis.
In 2011 Bates was appointed the director of sport at Fettes College in Edinburgh. Bates left to become head coach of England Rugby Union Under 20s in March 2017.
References
External links
profile at Fettes College
profile at Wasps
1963 births
Living people
England international rugby union players
English rugby union players
Rugby union players from Merthyr Tydfil
Rugby union scrum-halves
Welsh rugby union players
Jurong East MRT station is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the North South (NSL) (which terminates at this station) and East West (EWL) lines in Jurong East, Singapore, operated by SMRT Trains. It is located at the heart of Jurong Lake District, within the vicinity of JCube, Jem, Westgate, IMM, Ng Teng Fong General Hospital and Jurong East Bus Interchange.
The station opened on 5 November 1988 as part of the MRT system extension to Jurong. The station was initially the terminus of the Branch line and became the terminus of the NSL after the NSL was merged with the Branch line. An additional track and platforms were added when the station went through upgrades in 2010 as part of the Jurong East Modification Project (JEMP). In 2028, Jurong East station will become an interchange with the Jurong Region Line (JRL). Jurong East station is one of the busiest MRT stations in western Singapore.
History
The Ong Chwee Kou Building Contarctors (OCK)-Sumitomo Construction partnership was pre-qualified for contracts 403 and 404 (which involves the construction of Ulu Pandan Depot to the station and from the station to Lakeside station respectively in May 1985. Originally named Jurong Town and later Jurong, it was renamed to Jurong East on 27 March 1987. The station opened ahead of schedule on 5 November 1988, as part of the first stage of Phase 2 of the system. The station became the terminus for train services to Choa Chu Kang station when the Branch line opened on 10 March 1990 and later the NSL when the line was extended through Woodlands station and merged with the Branch line.
Jurong East Modification Project
The Jurong East Modification Project (JEMP) was a key infrastructural upgrading project involving the construction of two new platforms and a new track at Jurong East, allowing two trains along the North South Line (NSL) to enter and depart the station concurrently. Previously, trains had to take turns to arrive and depart from the station using a shared middle track. The new platforms and track allowed for improved NSL frequency between Yishun and Jurong East during weekday peak hours and reduced crowding in trains. Contract 1590 for the design, construction and completion of the new above-ground platform station extension adjacent to the existing station and associated viaducts was awarded to Sato Kagyo Pte Ltd at a contract sum of S$127 million.
Originally projected to open in 2012, then Minister for Transport, Mr Raymond Lim, announced on 12 February 2009 that the date was pushed forward by a year, to 2011. Construction started in 2009 and was completed and handed over to the operator at around the first quarter of 2011, with the new platforms and track being tested since then, before the announcement on 16 May 2011 about its operation date on 27 May 2011. To connect the new train tracks to the existing tracks, train services between Joo Koon and Clementi were halted on 4 & 5 September 2010 (affected substation is Chinese Garden, Clementi and possibly Dover), followed by train services between Jurong East and Bukit Gombak on 18 & 19 September 2010 (affected substation is Bukit Gombak).
Initially, the new platforms and track were only operated on weekdays except public holidays, during the morning peak hour period from 7:00 am to 9:00 am. Evening peak hour operation from 5:00 pm to 8:00 pm on weekdays started from 27 December 2011 while the morning peak hour period was extended by an hour later to 10:00 am after the next batch of new trains became ready for revenue service. It was then extended progressively to between 6:00am and 11:00am, and after 5:00pm till 9:00pm. To make full use of the new platforms, terminating NSL trains heading to Ulu Pandan Depot also use Platform A to minimize interference to through services as well as for the last train to Kranji, overnight parking of the trains were being done at Jurong East Platform A from 1:15am to 5:00am daily; the other location that was being done is at Tuas Link Platform A to minimise dispatches from depots at the start of service.
The station was retrofitted with half-height platform screen doors in 2009 which commenced operations on 18 December 2009. High-volume low-speed fans were installed at the station between 2012 and 2013. Noise barriers and privacy screens were installed between January 2011 and September 2014 to reduce the amount of noise generated towards residential areas. The former spans from PIE to Block 266 Toh Guan Road, and from Block 266 Toh Guan Road to Boon Lay Way and Block 108 Jurong East Street 13 to Jurong Town Hall Road in the latter.
Jurong Region Line interchange
On 9 May 2018, LTA announced that Jurong East station would be part of the proposed Jurong Region line (JRL). The station will be constructed as part of Phase 2, JRL (East), consisting of 7 stations between Tengah and Pandan Reservoir, and is expected to be completed in 2028.
Contract J110 for the design and construction of Jurong East JRL station and associated viaducts, including addition & alteration works to the existing station complex, was awarded to Daelim Industrial Co. Ltd at a sum of S$197.4 million. Construction started in 2020, and is planned to be completed in 2028.
To facilitate the construction of the JRL station, the existing Jurong East Bus Interchange was relocated from 6 December 2020 to a temporary interchange built opposite the current site. To allow better accessibility and convenience for commuters, a sheltered pedestrian bridge was built to connect the MRT station to the temporary bus interchange. The temporary interchange is to operate until 2027 when the Jurong East Integrated Transport Hub is to be completed.
Initially expected to open in 2027, restrictions imposed on construction due to the COVID-19 pandemic have led to delays in the JRL line completion, and the date was pushed to 2028.
Station details
The station was designed by Scott Danielson, and it has a roof which utilises a geometric design similar to the original Jurong East Bus Interchange, in order to fit with the adjacent structure.
The station currently has four tracks and three island platforms serving both the North South and East West lines. It is the terminus for the North South line. To the southeast, the tracks merge into two tracks, while to the northwest the tracks widen into six tracks, four of which are for the North South line. The four tracks later merge into two. As part of the JEMP, a new platform was built to allow two trains along the North South Line to enter and depart the station at the same time. Previously, trains had to take turns to arrive and depart from the station using a shared middle track, which has been overcrowded during peak hours. Currently, the new platforms A and B are only opened on weekdays (except public holidays) during morning and evening peak hours.
Incidents
On 4 February 2005, a 29-year-old man, Mak Hoy Meng went up to an SMRT employee at the station and gave them two handwritten notes declaring there was a bomb at one of the stations. The restaurant supervisor told Yeow Meng Chai that they saw a man drop the notes and described the perpetrator in detail, down to the brand of the bag they were carrying. After further questioning by the police, they admitted they had written them themselves and there were no bombs. Their story came apart when their description differed in later versions. By then, police officers had searched extensively for the man. However, trains were not stopped. On 10 March 2005, they pleaded guilty under the United Nations (Anti-Terrorism Measures) Regulations for their false bomb threat and was jailed for 2years. They admitted that at the time they tried to fool Yeow, they were disgruntled with the police and society in general, because they had been charged with theft and was out on bail. The theft charge, stealing $50 from a restaurant, was considered during sentencing.
A 62-year-old woman was found injured at the station at about 2:35 pm on 24 November 2011. The woman was taken to the National University Hospital where they subsequently died from their injuries. Police subsequently arrested a 55-year-old man for the alleged murder the following day.
On the evening of 14 October 2020, Jurong East station was one of the stations affected by the power fault on the North-South and East-West lines whereby the circuit breaker tripped at Tuas intake substation, thus causing disruption to the East-West Line west of Jurong East. Attempts to draw power from others at Bukit Gombak and Choa Chu Kang substations failed.
In popular culture
The station appeared as one of the four MRT stations in the original Singapore edition of the board game Monopoly.
References
External links
Official blogsite
Jurong East Station Modification Project
Jurong East to Changi Airport MRT Station route
1988 establishments in Singapore
M
Railway stations opened in 1988
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
Terence O'Grady (10 April 1934 – 12 January 1987) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage № 567), Wigan (Heritage № 575) and Warrington, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Career
O'Grady won caps for England while at Oldham in 1952 against Wales, in 1955 against Other Nationalities, and won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham on the 1954 Great Britain Lions tour against Australia (2 matches), and New Zealand (3 matches), and while at Warrington in 1961 against New Zealand.
About Terry O'Grady's time, there was Oldham's 2-12 defeat by Barrow in the 1954 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1954–55 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 23 October 1954, the 10-3 victory over St. Helens in the 1956 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 20 October 1956, and played , i.e. number 5, and scored a try in Wigan's 8-13 defeat by Oldham in the 1957 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1957–58 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 19 October 1957.
In their 1957 début match for Wigan O'Grady scored a hat-trick of tries. they played in Wigan's 13–9 victory over Workington Town in the 1958 Challenge Cup Final during the 1957–58 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 10 May 1958, in front of a crowd of 66,109.
Terry O'Grady scored 28-tries for Warrington during the 1961–62 season.
Death
On 10 January 1987, O'Grady collapsed in the car park following the final of the 1986–87 John Player Trophy at Burnden Park, Bolton. On 12 January 1987, they died, aged 52.
References
External links
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1934 births
1987 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Rugby league players from Oldham
Rugby league wingers
Warrington Wolves players
Wigan Warriors players
Natolin is a residential neighborhood in Ursynów, the southernmost district of Warsaw.
Until the 1980s, Natolin and its neighbouring area Wolica, was a small village located right outside the city limits, with numerous orchards. After that it was urbanized with large blocks of flats. Now Natolin is a modern part of Warsaw with many shops, restaurants and houses.
Popular places
Natolin metro station
Natolin Park
Galeria Ursynów Shopping and Service Center
The Church of Blessed Ladislas of Gielniów at the Przy Bażantarni Street
The Church of the Presentation of the Lord
References
Neighbourhoods of Warsaw
Ursynów
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 134, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The LZR Racer (pronounced as "laser") is a line of competition swimsuits manufactured by Speedo using a high-technology swimwear fabric composed of woven elastane-nylon and polyurethane. The swimsuits are made in body-length; they compress the body and trap air for buoyancy. The LZR Pro and LZR Elite were launched on 13 February 2008; the higher-priced LZR Elite was replaced by the LZR Elite 2 in early 2014. The LZR X, the most recent addition to Speedo's competition suit lineup, was launched in early 2015. The technology is patented in Italy, and protected worldwide.
The swimsuits have been found to improve performance, and permitting their use in competitive swimming has been controversial, and led to changes in regulations. People have gone so far as to label their use as "technical doping". They were deemed to provide an unfair advantage to the wearer by FINA, which led to a ban on all swimsuits of a similar nature.
Design and development
The LZR Pro and LZR Elite were developed by Mectex, an Italian company, in association with the Australian Institute of Sport, with the help of Speedo's sponsored athletes. NASA's wind tunnel testing facilities and fluid flow analysis software supported the design. Both lines' aesthetics were designed in collaboration with the fashion brand Comme des Garçons.
The design result, called the LZR Racer, reduced skin friction drag 24% more than the previous Speedo swimsuit. In March 2008, athletes wearing the LZR Racer broke 13 swimming world records.
Much like other suits used for high competition racing, LZR Racers allow for better oxygen flow to the muscles, and hold the body in a more hydrodynamic position, while repelling water and increasing flexibility. The LZR Pro features vertically-stitched seams to minimize fluid resistance, while the seams of the LZR Elite, LZR Elite 2, and LZR X are ultrasonically welded to further reduce drag. The suits are manufactured at Petratex, a textile factory in Paços de Ferreira, Portugal; the technology is patented in that country. The LZR Elite and LZR Elite 2 include patented Core Stabilizer and Internal Compression Panels. Speedo also partnered with ANSYS, one of the world's leading engineering simulation software providers, in creating this suit.
Endorsed for competitive use by FINA prior to the Beijing Olympics, early case studies suggested that the LZR Elite was effective in reducing the racing times of competitive swimmers by 1.9 to 2.2 percent. Although all body-length swimwear has since been banned from FINA competitions, swimmers are still permitted to compete in LZR Racer jammers and kneeskins.
Marketing and results
The LZR Pro and LZR Elite lines were launched on 13 February 2008, with the LZR Elite being marketed as "the world's fastest swimsuit." It was the focus of Speedo's campaign for the 2008 Summer Olympics, spearheaded by Michael Phelps of the United States. They created a holographic (visually generated) video of Michael Phelps wearing the suit which was displayed in London, Sydney, New York, and Tokyo on the day of the suit's release.
The Beijing Olympics were successful for those wearing the LZR Racer, with 94% of all swimming races won in the suit. 98% of all swim medals won, and 23 of the 25 world records broken, at the Beijing Olympics were won by swimmers wearing the suit. , 93 world records had been broken by swimmers wearing a LZR Racer, and 33 of the first 36 Olympic medals have been won wearing it.
A problem arose for the Japanese Olympic swimmers, who had exclusive contracts with swimsuit makers Mizuno, Asics, and Descente, preventing them from wearing the Speedo brand suits in the Olympics. However, the Japanese Swimming Federation subsequently decided to allow its athletes to choose their own suits freely.
FINA rule changes
Following the December 2008 European Short Course Championships in Croatia, where 17 world records fell, it was felt there was a need to modify the rules surrounding swimsuits. The combined effects of the LZR both compressing the body and trapping air for buoyancy led to many competitors who used the LZR wearing two or more suits for an increased effect. This led to some claiming that the LZR was in effect "technological doping".
At its meeting in Dubai in March 2009, FINA stipulated that swimsuits should not cover the neck, must not extend past the shoulders and ankles, and also limit the suits' thickness and buoyancy. In a statement, FINA stated that by avoiding all questions of fabrics, impermeability, and buoyancy, FINA chose to deal with this situation by simply ruling on the lengths of swimsuits.
In an abrupt reversal of opinion, the FINA Congress voted almost unanimously to revert its previous policy and ban all body-length swimsuits. The decision was taken in Rome on 24 July 2009, during the 2009 World Aquatics Championships. The new policy states that men's swimsuits may maximally cover the area from the waist to the knee, and women's counterparts from the shoulder to the knee. They also ruled that the fabric used must be a "textile" or a woven material and that a suit may not have any fastening devices such as a zipper (drawstrings on male jammers are allowed). FINA did not specify what they meant by "textile". The new regulations took effect on 1 January 2010.
References
External links
NASA spin-off technologies
Speedo
Sports technology
Swimwear brands
Judith Mary Hillier (née Preston) is a British physicist who is Associate Professor of Science Education at the University of Oxford.  They are a lead tutor for the Postgraduate Certificate in Education programme in science and serves as vice president of Kellogg College, Oxford. They were awarded the Marie Curie-Sklodowska medal by the Institute of Physics in 2021 for their support of women in physics.
Early life and education
Hillier studied physics and astronomy at the University of St Andrews, graduating with a Master of Science (MSci) degree. They moved to the University of Leeds for graduate studies, where their PhD research investigated condensed matter physics with experimental work conducted at the Institut Laue–Langevin. After a career break, Hillier joined the University of Oxford where they retrained as a secondary school teacher and was awarded a Postgraduate Certificate in Education (PGCE).
Research and career
Hillier taught physics at a comprehensive school in Oxford, where they were appointed a coordinator of the Key Stage 3 curriculum. They eventually returned to academia, focussing on the teachers, recruitment and retention of physics teachers at the University of Oxford. They were appointed an Associate Professor of Science Education and Fellow of Kellogg College, Oxford in 2010. They founded the Oxfordshire Schools Physics Partnership, which supports physics teachers. In particular, Hillier investigated professional development activities and classroom explanations.
Hillier has been involved with the Institute of Physics throughout their career. In particular, they have concentrated on gender and diversity within the physics community. Hillier has been responsible for the evaluation of the Conference for Undergraduate Women in Physics (CUWiP) since it launched in the United Kingdom in 2015. They found that women felt a stronger sense of belonging to the physics community after attending the conference. Them evaluation is used to inform the design of future conferences, and ensured that the conference remains a key date in UK physics' calendar. To identify obstacles and solutions to gender imbalances within the scientific community, Hillier has studied the experiences of successful women scientists.
Selected publications
Awards and honours
Hillier was awarded the Marie Curie-Sklodowska medal by the Institute of Physics in 2021 for their support of women in physics.
References
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Fellows of Kellogg College, Oxford
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century British physicists
British women academics
Sei still, wisse ICH BIN (subtitled "Szenische Gesänge") is the thirteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1981 on Klaus Schulze's record label Innovative Communication. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track. "Wehe Khorazin", "Garten der Gemeinschaft", an extract of "Laß los" and "... als lebten die Engel auf Erden" were used in 1982 for the soundtrack of Werner Herzog's film Fitzcarraldo.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke.
"Wehe Khorazin" – 6:22
"Und als ER sah es geht dem Ende zu" – 7:04
"Garten der Gemeinschaft" – 4:41
"Gemeinsam aßen sie das Brot" – 2:51
"Laß los" – 6:46
"Gemeinsam tranken sie den Wein" – 3:50
"...als lebten die Engel auf Erden" – 2:10
2006 bonus track
"King Minos III" (Studio Version) – 5:02
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, vocals
Daniel Fichelscher – guitar, drums
Renate Knaup – vocals
Guest musicians
Chris Karrer – soprano saxophone
Choir ensemble of the Bavarian State Opera
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studio, Munich, 1981
Produced by Florian Fricke and IC – Klaus Schulze Productions
Track number 8 produced by Florian Fricke
Cover photography by Thomas Lindner
References
External links
http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119183122/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia80.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/seistill.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1981 albums
Second officer may refer to:
Second officer (aviation), a civilian aviation rank
Second officer or Second mate, a merchant marine rank
Second officer, a rank in the Women's Royal Naval Service
Second officer, a rank in the Air Transport Auxiliary
TER Provence Alpes-Côte-d'Azur (TER PACA) is the regional rail network serving the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in France. This network is operated by SNCF.
The public transport authority, the Regional Council, runs 800 trains a day, especially near Avignon, Marseille, Toulon and Nice. 100,000 users take regional trains each day.
Network
The network is made up of 17 train lines. All bus lines are operated by private operators under the Regional Council Authority.
Unlike most other regions in France, the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur separates their trains into two services:
TER : suburban or local services, with only 2nd class wagons. These trains are operated with multiple units.
Intervilles : regional InterCity trains (not to be confused with InterCités trains, a nationwide service), with 1st and 2nd class, except between Marseille, Gap and Briançon.
This separation is done due to the presence of big metropolises on the coast (Marseille, Toulon and Nice) and a very rural hinterland (French Alps). Toulon does not have suburban services, as these are absorbed into Marseille. The suburban trains from Marseille also continue onto Avignon, away.
Rail
The rail network as of May 2022:
Rail service not part of the TER Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur network:
Nice CP – Digne-les-Bains, operated by the Chemins de Fer de Provence
Future
With the building of the new LN Provence-Côte d'Azur line between Marseille and Monaco expected by 2030, regional traffic may grow. This will be achieved through the introduction of a new high speed train calling every hour at Marseille Provence Airport, the construction of a new underground train station in downtown Marseille, a new high speed stop in Marseille's Eastern Districts, and the enlargement of Toulon, Nice Côte d'Azur Airport and Nice Ville train stations.
Rolling stock
Multiple units
SNCF Class Z 23500
SNCF Class Z 26500
SNCF Class B 81500 Also called BGC B 81500
SNCF Class X 76500 Also called XGC Z 76500
Locomotives
SNCF Class BB 22200
SNCF Class BB 25500
SNCF Class BB 67400
See also
Transport express régional
Réseau Ferré de France
List of SNCF stations in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
References
External links
Rail transport in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
The Battle of Fombio was fought between the French Army of Italy led by Napoleon Bonaparte and the Austrian army under Feldzeugmeister Johann Peter Beaulieu between 7 and 9 May 1796. It was the decisive strategic point of the campaign, as Bonaparte crossed the Po River at Piacenza in Beaulieu's rear, threatening both Milan and the Austrian line of communications. This threat forced the Austrian army to withdraw to the east.
Campaign
After forcing the Kingdom of Sardinia-Piedmont to sue for peace at the end of the Montenotte Campaign, Bonaparte turned on the Austrians, who retreated to the north bank of the Po. The French army commander ordered General of Division Jean-Mathieu-Philibert Sérurier to launch a pinning attack on Beaulieu's positions near Valenza. Forming an advance guard of 3,500 grenadiers and 1,500 cavalry, Bonaparte placed it under General of Brigade Claude Dallemagne. Then they sent Dallemagne on a rapid march to the east along the south bank of the Po. The advance guard was followed by General of Division Amédée Emmanuel François Laharpe's division. Bonaparte intended to turn the Austrian left flank by crossing the Po near Piacenza.
Battle
Early on 7 May, the advance guard seized a ferry near Piacenza and quickly crossed the river, Colonel Jean Lannes being the first Frenchman on the north bank. Soon both Dallemagne and Laharpe's commands formed a bridgehead on the north bank. General-major Anton Lipthay de Kisfalud's forces, which numbered 4,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry, soon detected the French and several clashes occurred during the day. When Beaulieu heard about the incursion, they ordered General-major Josef Philipp Vukassovich to march from Valeggio to Lipthay's support and ordered their army to pull back in the direction of the Adda River. Meanwhile, General of Division Pierre Augereau got their 7,000 soldiers across the Po farther west by using a captured barge.
On the morning of 8 May, Dallemagne's advance guard, supported by Laharpe's 6,500-strong division, assaulted the village of Fombio. Colonels Lannes and François Lanusse led the advance guard's left and center columns while Dallemagne personally commanded the right column. At first Lipthay resisted stoutly, using their hussars to counterattack, but they decided to withdraw to avoid being trapped by the flanking columns. Their Austrian and Neapolitan cavalry covered the retreat to Codogno. The French attacked Lipthay again in Codogno and the Austrians had to fight their way back to Pizzighettone, where there was a bridge over the Adda River. Lipthay's losses numbered 568 men on 7–8 May. According to one report, the French suffered 150 killed and 300 wounded in the first volley.
That evening, as Laharpe's 51st Line Infantry Demi-Brigade marched through Codogno, General-Major Anton Schübirz von Chobinin, with 1,000 foot soldiers and 580 uhlans attacked the town from the west. In one confused clash in the dark streets, Laharpe was killed, possibly by friendly fire. Bonaparte's chief of staff, General of Brigade Louis Berthier took charge and rushed two more demi-brigades into the fight before Schübirz withdrew about dawn on the 9th. Cut off from the bridge over the Adda at Pizzighettone, Beaulieu directed their retreating units to make for the bridge at Lodi, farther north. The Battle of Lodi followed on 10 May as Beaulieu tried to get their army safely behind the Adda and Bonaparte attempted to head them off.
References
Bibliography
Boycott-Brown, Martin. The Road to Rivoli. London: Cassell & Co., 2001. .
Chandler, David. The Campaigns of Napoleon. New York: Macmillan, 1966.
Chandler, David. Dictionary of the Napoleonic Wars. New York: Macmillan, 1979. .
External links
Battle of Fombio – J Rickard, HistoryOfWar.org, 29 January 2009
Painting of battle
Battles involving Austria
Battles involving Italy
Conflicts in 1796
1796 in Italy
1796 in France
Battles of the War of the First Coalition
Battles in Lombardy
St. Paul and The Broken Bones is an American eight-piece soul band based in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, that formed in 2012. The band is composed of Paul Janeway (vocals), Browan Lollar (guitar), Jesse Phillips (bass), Kevin Leon (drums), Al Gamble (keys), Allen Branstetter (trumpet), Amari Ansari (saxophone), and Chad Fisher (trombone). They have released four albums and two EPs while touring internationally.
History
Vocalist Paul Janeway and bassist Jesse Phillips met in the mid-2000s while playing in Birmingham as part of the alternative soul outfit The Secret Dangers. In 2012, Jesse and Paul met back in Ol' Elegante Studios in Birmingham to start a new project. Janeway says of the project with Phillips, "It was going to be our last hurrah" before focusing on other careers, "but then something just clicked and we walked out of there with something." As the two began working around Janeway's voice, they realized they were forming a soul outfit. As the project progressed, the pair brought in Browan Lollar, formerly of The 400 Unit, Andrew Lee, Ben Griner, and Allen Branstetter. Here, they recorded their first EP, Greetings from St. Paul and The Broken Bones before ever playing a live show.
After releasing Greetings from St. Paul and The Broken Bones, the band gained attention from managers and labels alike. In January 2013, they began recording their first full-length album, Half the City, at the Nutthouse Recording Studios Sheffield, Alabama and Fame Studios in Muscle Shoals, Alabama. While recording the album, the band brought in Al Gamble to play keys. Gamble continued to play with St. Paul and The Broken Bones and has been a full-time member since January 2014. Half the City was produced by Ben Tanner of the Alabama Shakes.
In February 2013, St. Paul and The Broken Bones gained the attention of Traci Thomas of Thirty Tigers, who signed on as their manager. Shortly thereafter, they began weekend touring on their Greetings from St. Paul and The Broken Bones EP, waiting for the horn players to graduate college before embarking on more extensive touring.
On February 18, 2014, the LP was released under Single Lock Records, a Florence, Alabama-based record label owned by Ben Tanner, Will Trapp, and John Paul White of The Civil Wars. Immediately, Half the City received critical acclaim from many national journalistic outlets including Paste magazine, Garden and Gun, Southern Living, Rolling Stone, and NPR. In its first week of sales, Half the City reached #62 on the Billboard 200 charts. After major stories by NPR Morning Edition and a national television debut on CBS This Morning: Saturday, St. Paul and The Broken Bones' debut album reached #56 on the Billboard 200. St. Paul and the Broken Bones has also made television appearances on Late Night with David Letterman, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Jimmy Kimmel Live, Conan, Later... with Jools Holland, Late Night with Seth Meyers, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Austin City Limits, and Bluegrass Underground. In addition to their own tour, the band opened for The Rolling Stones' Zip Code Tour in Atlanta, Georgia on June 9, 2015, and in Buffalo, New York on July 11, 2015. The group also made appearances at marquee festivals like Coachella, Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, Newport Folk, Lockn' Festival, Outside Lands, North Sea Jazz, Rock En Seine, Pinkpop, Hurricane festival, Roskilde, Osheaga, Hyde Park London, and tons more. On top of that, they performed "All I Ever Wonder" live on BBC2 from the Glastonbury Festival on June 25, 2016. Some of the groups more notable events played are Elton John's AIDS Foundation Oscar viewing party in Los Angeles, Philip Glass' Tibet House Benefit in New York, The Equal Justice Initiative's 30th Anniversary celebration, and a Carnegie Hall series curated by Rosanne Cash.
St. Paul and the Broken Bones songs have also featured in movie and TV spots such as Los Angeles, Grey's Anatomy, Big Little Lies, Suits, Black Lightning, ESPN, Fifty Shades of Grey, Life of the Party, The Gambler, Mob Wives, Stitchers, and Switched at Birth,
In May 2015, trombonist Ben Griner left the group to work on personal projects. Their second album Sea of Noise was released in September 2016.
In 2017, they were nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Musical Performance.
The band released a single, "Apollo", in June 2018, and announced an album, Young Sick Camellia, released in September.
Paul Janeway was featured on the title cut of Sigala's 2018 album Brighter Days.
Since 2014, the band sold over 355,000 album equivalents across three records.
The band has a star on the wall of historic music venue First Avenue in Minneapolis.
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Live
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
Official Site
American soul musical groups
ATO Records artists
Musical groups established in 2012
Musical groups from Birmingham, Alabama
2012 establishments in Alabama
Thirty Tigers artists
Caucasus (14 May 1972 – after 1991) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won major races on both sides of the Atlantic. As a young horse they were sent to race in Ireland where they won four of their five races as a three-year-old in 1975 including the Ulster Derby and Irish St. Leger. They then returned to America where they had considerable success in the next two years, winning five races including the Sunset Handicap, Manhattan Handicap, Arcadia Handicap and San Luis Rey Handicap. They had some success as a breeding stallion.
Background
Caucasus was a bay horse with a white star and a white sock on their right hind leg bred in Kentucky by their owner Jane Engelhard's Cragwood Estates. They were sent to race in Europe and entered training with Vincent O'Brien at Ballydoyle.
They were from the first crop of foals sired by Nijinsky, a Canadian horse who won the Triple Crown in 1970. During their racing career Nijinsky had been trained by O'Brien and owned by Jane Engelhard's husband Charles (1917–1971). Caucasus's dam Quill was a top-class racehorse who was named American Champion two-year-old filly in 1958 before going on to win the Acorn Stakes and Mother Goose Stakes in the following year. As a broodmare, their other descendants have included Run the Gantlet and Awesome Feather.
Racing career
1975: three-year-old season
Caucasus made a successful racecourse debut in a maiden race over ten furlongs at Phoenix Park Racecourse and followed up in a handicap over one and a half miles at the Curragh. In June they were sent to Northern Ireland for the Ulster Derby at Down Royal and won their third consecutive start. In August they were sent to England for the March Stakes (a trial for the St Leger Stakes) over fourteen furlongs at Goodwood Racecourse. They started odds-on favourite but after being retrained towards the rear of the field they failed to overhaul Whip It Quick and finished second, beaten half a length by the winner.
On 20 September Caucasus equipped with blinkers when they were moved up in class for the Group 1 Irish St. Leger over fourteen furlongs at the Curragh. Ridden by Lester Piggott they started the 3/1 second favourite behind Nuthatch (winner of the Nijinsky Stakes) while the other eleven runners included Shantallah (Chester Vase), Music Ville (fourth in the Irish Oaks), Sir Daniel and Quiet Fling. Caucasus took the lead soon after the start and maintained their advantage into the straight where Quiet Fling emerged as their only serious challenger. Quiet Fling went to the front approaching the final furlong but Caucasus rallied to regain the lead and drew away in the closing stages to win by two lengths.
At the end of the season the independent Timeform organisation gave Caucasus a rating of 127, making them ten pounds inferior to their Horse of the Year Grundy.
1976: four-year-old season
Before the start of the 1976 season Caucasus was sold and returned to the United States to be trained by Charles E. Whittingham. They were mainly campaigned in California, with six of their eight races taking place at Hollywood Park Racetrack. In May they were beaten in two allowance races but then won the South Bay Handicap and finished second to Dahlia in the Grade I Hollywood Invitational Handicap. They returned to the track in July to finish third to King Pellinore the Grade I American Handicap and then won the Grade I Sunset Handicap, reversing the form with King Pellinore. After a two-month break they were shipped to the East coast for two races at Belmont Park. They won the Grade II Manhattan Handicap but then ran unplaced in the Man o' War Stakes
The New York Times described Caucasus as "Hollywood Park's best grass horse in 1976".
1977: five-year-old season
Caucasus showed their best form of 1977 at Santa Anita Park in March when they followed up a win in the Grade III Arcadia Handicap with a victory in the Grade I San Luis Rey Handicap eleven days later. They failed to win again that year but posted some solid efforts in defeat, finishing second in the Hollywood Invitational and third in both the San Juan Capistrano Handicap and the Hollywood Gold Cup.
Stud record
At the end of their racing career Caucasus was retired to become a breeding stallion at Windfields Farm in Maryland. The best of their offspring were probably the fillies Videogenic winner of the 1986 Santa Ana Handicap and Lake Country who was named Canadian Champion Older Female Horse in 1985.
Pedigree
References
1972 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United States
Thoroughbred family 5-g
Irish Classic Race winners
Richard A. Cantwell (22 February 1898 – 22 May 1981) was an Irish hurler. Usually lining out as a goalkeeper, they were a member of the Kilkenny senior hurling team that won the 1926 Leinster Championship.
Honours
Mooncoin
Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship (2): 1927, 1929
Kilkenny
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship (1): 1926
References
1898 births
1981 deaths
Hurling goalkeepers
Mooncoin hurlers
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
Dug's Special Mission is a 2009 American computer animated short film, directed by Ronnie del Carmen. It is tied into and included on the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Up and Pixar Short Films Collection: Volume 2.
According to Jonas Rivera, the producer of Pixar's film Up, Dug's Special Mission "is a little bit of the backstory of what Dug was actually doing out there on this mysterious mission when we meet them [in Up]". In the short, Dug is instructed on how to catch the bird (which they name Kevin) by Alpha, Beta, and Gamma, but their instructions are really intended to keep Dug away from them.
Production
Ronnie del Carmen explained "Dug was created very early in the development of the movie idea, even earlier than Russell", but little was known about their character on top of their supporting role, such as how or why they spoke. It was kept this way in Up because the writers wanted to keep the focus on Carl. After further developing Dug, it was decided that stories could be told about them beyond the film due to their lovable personality. The purpose of Dug's Special Mission was to tell Dug's story, as they "arrives in Up talking about being on a special mission, and we never talked about it again in the movie", which made Carmen inquisitive. They worked with Pete Docter and Bob Peterson on the film, and noted "their involvement was crucial since the three of us were always part of telling the larger story of the movie", and so they had similar sensibilities toward the Up universe. While Docter offered suggestions on the direction the short could go, Peterson provided insight into how Dug should be animated through their "funny nuances" because, Carmen explains, "as animators we gravitate to communicating visually and through behavior". Peterson was the person who created, voiced, and wrote most Dug, and during the recording they improvised and experimented, with many of these humorous takes ending up in the final film. Carmen noted "there were many lines and quips that Bob Peterson did during recording that I could have used but had to leave out." An extra reference for the animation was Carmen's own German Shepherd when they were growing up. Added inspiration for the Dug scenes came from various Pixar crew members, including John Lasseter.<ref name="animatedviews.com">{{cite web |url=http://animatedviews.com/2009/up-rising-with-story-artist-and-dugs-special-missions-director-ronnie-del-carmen/ |title=Up:rising with Story Artist and Dug's Special Mission'''s Director Ronnie del Carmen! |website=Animated Views |date=November 26, 2009 |first=Jérémie |last=Noyer |access-date=October 5, 2014}}</ref>
Carmen wrote the story and dialogue for Dug's Special Mission. They "had the idea for the short as soon as the movie was in production, right around the layout phase [and] storyboarded a rough version quickly and pitched it to Jonas Rivera and Pete Docter around late spring 2008". They assumed once finishing working on the story for Up, they could move into a short. However, the third act of the film ran into plot issues, causing them to simultaneously remain on the staff to iron these out, start work on the short, and illustrate a tie-in book My Name Is Dug (about Dug searching for the bird, which was described as "a great companion to Dug's Special Mission because both happen before Carl and Russell show up"). Project approval for the short was given by Disney during January 2009, and production ended in June of that year. A favourite scene that Carmen fought for (though it was eventually cut) was where "Dug falls into an airplane and flies it down to the other dogs, dive bomber style", as they wanted to ensure every frame of animation was used efficiently. As the short takes place in the events leading up to Carl and Russel finding Doug, a scene that takes place in the main feature, so the ending has "Carl and Russell's dialogue and acting [being] lifted from Up, because deviating from that would affect continuity and make it more expensive. The music was restricted to the score that Michael Giacchino had already written for the movie. Another challenge was "working with the time constraint of making a film that's only 4.5 minutes".
On the prospect of further Up-related shorts, Carmen said "'I definitely would love to do the continuing stories of Dug. I had a scene in the original storyboard of Dug's Special Mission that had them flying an airplane. We cut it because of the length, and it seemed out of place with the other gags. But I still want to see them in a plane someday. There are stories in my head that tell how they got into Muntz's pack. Dug in that pack looks like a mistake – an oversight. I would love to tell that earlier story of how they got there. Certainly Muntz and Dug, Russell and Dug... Carl and Dug too!"
Plot
The short is set during the events of Up. It is Dug's birthday. This ordinary Golden Retriever wishes that it will be the happiest day of their life, when suddenly, Kevin runs over them and the pack leaders – Alpha (a Doberman Pinscher), Beta (a Rottweiler) and Gamma (a Bulldog) – run into Dug. Irritated with Dug for getting in their way, they come up with "special missions" for Dug to help capture the bird. However, these are just plots to keep Dug out of their way.
First, Alpha assigns Dug to watch a large rock and make sure it doesn't move, because it is "the bird's favorite rock". Dug accidentally causes a pebble to roll down an incline and topple the large boulder, which nearly crushes Alpha, Beta, and Gamma.
Next, Dug is told to sit in a hole, in which Alpha claims it's the "bird's favorite hole" and not to leave it. Dug sits in it, but the sand he's sitting on is quicksand; they and the sand land on Alpha, Beta, and Gamma at the spot where they were trying to catch the bird.
Dug is then assigned to sit on a rock; when they jump onto the rock, following Alpha's orders, Alpha, Beta, Gamma, and the rock they're standing on all start to fall. Numerous scenes follow of Alpha, Beta, and Gamma getting caught or captured by traps intended for Kevin, due to actions of Dug as a result of commands given to them by Alpha: Alpha tells Dug to move, in which they get trapped in a net, Alpha tells Dug to move, but Dug accidentally steps on a pebble, which fires tranquilizer darts (one of them hits Beta), last, Dug and the dogs step on tall rock statues, but they all fall over. Dug, Beta and Gamma make it, but Alpha falls down with the statues.
Angered, Alpha vows revenge on Dug, contacting Charles Muntz in their airship to report that Dug has prevented them from catching the bird. Beta sarcastically tells Dug to have a happy birthday. Dug suddenly sees Muntz's Spirit of Adventure dirigible in the sky. Fearful of how Muntz will punish him, Dug runs away and stumbles into a mist-laden rocky area. They see a rock that resembles a turtle, followed by one that looks like a man. When they hear a voice saying "I see you back there," they ask if the man is okay. Dug then realizes that they have received their birthday wish: a new master (Carl Fredricksen). The clouds clear, the sun comes out, and Dug sits proudly on a flat rock. From here, the short comes full circle, reflecting the point when Dug is introduced in the film; Russell notices them and briefly thinks Dug is a rock. After the credits are shown, Dug is told to speak; they reply "Hi there!," surprising Carl and Russell.
Cast
Bob Peterson as Dug and Alpha
Delroy Lindo as Beta
Jerome Ranft as Gamma
Ed Asner as Carl Fredricksen
Jordan Nagai as Russell
Critical reception
In a review of Pixar Short Films Collection: Volume 2, Common Sense Media notes "There is some mild cartoonish violence in a few of the shorts, but it's of the slapstick variety that is more humorous than upsetting (like when a rock nearly flattens the dogs in Dug's Special Mission)". Total Film said "All are fun in their own derivative right, Dug's Special Mission particularly for its insights into Up's fractious canine relations." DVD Talk wrote "Burn-E and Dug's Special Mission play out more like deleted scenes than anything else". IGN said "kids and adults alike should enjoy the Looney Tunes-inspired cartoon that finds the hapless Dug trying to earn the respect of their pack." CBBC'' said "it's great".
References
External links
2009 films
2009 computer-animated films
2009 short films
2000s American animated films
2000s animated short films
Films scored by Michael Giacchino
Pixar short films
Up (2009 film)
2000s English-language films
"Live and Learn" is the first episode of the first season and the series premiere of the TNT science fiction drama Falling Skies.
The episode was written by series creator and executive producer Robert Rodat and directed by Carl Franklin. The episode first aired in the United States on June 19, 2011, alongside the second episode.
Six months after an extraterrestrial invasion, history professor Tom Mason is made second-in-command of the 2nd Mass, a group of soldiers and civilians. Weaver, 2nd Mass' commanding officer, sends Tom, Hal and a small group of soldiers on a mission for supplies for the rest of the troop. While on the mission, Hal catches a glimpse of their missing brother Ben, who has been enslaved by the aliens.
In the United States, the two-hour series premiere achieved a viewership of 5.91 million, making it the most-watched series premiere of 2011. The episode received a Nielsen rating of 2.0 in the 18–49 demographic, translating to 2.6 million viewers.
Plot
In the opening scene, young children tell their versions of the invasion. They draw pictures of their families, kids with harnesses and the alien airships. Tom Mason's (Noah Wyle) son, Matt, tells Anne Glass (Moon Bloodgood) that their mother died during the attacks and their older brother, Ben, was kidnapped. They then shows them a picture of their father and oldest brother, Hal (Drew Roy). Matt informs Anne that they are fighting.
In a dark street, Tom and Hal look for food. They grab a food kart, but are ambushed by robotic aliens, known as "Mechs", which destroy the food. As Tom and Hal run away, soldiers fire guns at the aliens behind barricades. The aliens destroy the barricade and kill the soldiers. Tom and Hal hide in an empty store. They exit, finding Captain Weaver (Will Patton) and other soldiers armed with guns. An airship flies overhead and fires, causing a bright light to consume the atmosphere around them. The group runs away back to their base.
Upon arrival, Tom sees their son Matt asleep and picks them up. They talk to their friend, Anne who tells them about their son's drawings. Tom is then called by Col. Porter (Dale Dye) for a meeting. There, Porter discusses their plan to leave the city and break off into groups. The alien air ships can detect groups of humans over 600 persons so they split their brigade into smaller groups consisting of 100 fighters and 200 civilians. They put Weaver in charge of the 2nd Mass and Tom as their second-in-command.
The following day, the fighters and civilians begin to move. They search for food in stores but find none. Weaver tells Tom that they can't go back looking for more food as the numbers are too large. Tom volunteers to go back. Weaver gives them six fighters and a pickup truck. Hal, Karen, Dai, Anthony, Click and Jimmy join Tom in the hunt for food. Hal and Karen leave the group to search for aliens. Hal sees Mechs and harnessed kids with them. It is there that they see their brother, Ben. They immediately returns to tell their father. They are both overjoyed, yet Tom insists that they stick with the mission at hand. Hal disagrees and tries to go and find their brother. Tom wrestles them to the ground and convinces them to do the job the "right way".
The group finds a supply store with food and scout the area for aliens. Finding none, they load the food into the truck. Hal is attacked by a Skittery. Tom fires at it and their son runs away. A Mech is alerted and comes after Tom. Hal stops it by firing at it. It then runs after Hal. Tom puts C-4 in a shopping cart and wheels it next to the Mech, killing it. To Skitter comes after Tom, but Dai shoots it. The alien dies slowly after its gun wound and the group observes it before it dies.
The six fighters return and Tom informs Weaver of their success. They then tells Weaver that they and Hal must go looking for Ben. Weaver declines and says they must raid the armory for weapons. Tom tells them after that, they will go and find him.
Before the 2nd Mass leave the city, Hal gives their brother their birthday gift. The children of the 2nd Mass play with it as the adults watch. Weaver tells Tom it is time to leave and they all move out on foot.
Production
Conception
Development officially began in 2009, when TNT announced that it had ordered to pilot an untitled alien invasion project. Falling Skies was created by Robert Rodat, who is best known for writing the Oscar-winning film Saving Private Ryan, which was directed by Steven Spielberg. Rodat wrote the pilot episode from an idea which was co-conceived by Spielberg. Originally, Falling Skies was called Concord, referencing the Battles of Lexington and Concord and Tom Mason's profession as a former History Professor. Spielberg then came up with the title Falling Skies. "I felt that this was a very interesting postapocalyptic story with a 21st century [spin on the] spirit of '76. I came up — out of the blue one day — with the name Falling Skies, which is basically what happens to the planet after this invasion. What is unique about this particular series is that the story starts after a successful conquest of the world," they stated. Spielberg was attracted to the project due to its themes of survival. "I've always been interested in how we survive and how resourceful we are as Americans. How would the survivors feed the children? How do they resupply themselves militarily in order to defend and even take back what they have lost?" they added. Like much of Spielberg's work, such as The Pacific and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Falling Skies''' running theme is family and brotherhood. They explained, "It's a theme I harken back to a lot because it's something I believe in. It's something I have the closest experience with. [Laughs] They say write what you know, and with seven children and three sisters... I tend to always come back to the family as a touchstone for audiences to get into these rather bizarre stories."
While writing the pilot, Rodat dedicated a five-page montage to the alien invasion, but decided not to go through with it as it had been done before in films such as War of the Worlds. "I wrote a few drafts of it and I looked at and say, 'Ay-yay-yay, I've seen this before. There's no emotion to this. It feels like one of those montages,'" they said. Rodat came up with the idea of having the children in the series "harnessed by aliens". "When we were working out the initial stuff, the thing that excited [Spielberg] was the idea that adults are killed if they're a threat, and kids are captured for whatever reason and changed or altered. The harness was a logical outgrowth of that. Then what we'll explore is what the harnessing does to the kid over the course of the show but that also is something that's going to have to unveil itself gradually," they stated. Spielberg previously explored the idea of enslaved children in the 1984 film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
Series lead Noah Wyle emphasized Spielberg's presence on set by stating "Anytime they give an anointment to a project, it steps up the pedigree." Colin Cunningham, who plays outlaw John Pope, exclaimed "You'd show up and think, ‘This is not a TV show; this is something else that we're doing,' " they said, noting that Spielberg was very hands-on for the pilot. "Its scope is massive. Anytime you hear the word Spielberg, you know it's not going to be crap; you know it'll be quality and there will be some money behind it." Mark Verheiden, who was the showrunner for the first season, stated "It's great to know you have a world-class filmmaker backing up what you're trying to do who is supportive and helping design the great stuff."
Casting and filming
Casting announcements began in June 2009 when Noah Wyle was announced as the lead. Wyle, who worked with TNT on the Librarian films, was sent scripts for various shows on their network. They said part of the reason they chose the part was to gain credibility from their children. "With the birth of my kids, I started to really look at my career through their eyes more than my own, so that does dictate choice, steering me toward certain things and away from other things," they said. They also decided to do it as they could relate with their character, stating "I identified with Tom's devotion to their sons, and admired their sense of social duty." Spielberg wanted Wyle for the role because they knew them from their previous series ER, which Spielberg's company produced. They had wanted Wyle to appear in their 1998 film Saving Private Ryan but due to scheduling conflicts, they were unable to star. Spielberg stated that they were determined to work with them again. In July 2009, Moon Bloodgood, Jessy Schram, Seychelle Gabriel and Maxim Knight were cast as Anne Glass, Karen Nadler, Lourdes and Matt Mason, respectively. Bloodgood, the female lead, did not have to audition for the role. They received the script and was offered the role. Bloodgood was drawn to the role because of Spielberg and Rodat's involvement. They stated: "Well certainly when you get handed a script and they tell you it's Bob Rodat and Steven Spielberg, you're immediately drawn to it. It's got your attention. I was a little cautious about wanting to do science fiction again. But it was more of a drama story, more of a family story. I liked that and I wanted to work with Spielberg." Bloodgood added that portraying a doctor excited them "I liked the idea of playing a doctor and deviating from something I had done already," they said. In August 2009, Drew Roy and Peter Shinkoda were cast as Hal Mason and Dai, respectively. Drew Roy's agent received the script and the pair joked that Roy might get the role. "This one came to me through my agent, just like everything else. We even joked about the fact that it was a Steven Spielberg project. We were like, "Oh yeah, I might have a chance." We were just joking." They auditioned four times for the part. "The whole process went on for quite some time, and then towards the end, it was down to me and one other guy, and we were literally waiting for the word from Steven Spielberg ‘cause they had to watch the two audition tapes and give the okay. That, in and of itself, had me like, "Okay, even if I don't get it, that's just cool." Fortunately, it went my way."
The pilot was filmed in 2009 in Oshawa, Ontario, and the rest of the season was shot from July to November of the following year in Hamilton and Toronto.
Promotion
The show's official website offered an online web-comic prior to the show's launch. The comic, released every two weeks, follows the characters of the series just weeks after the alien invasion. It is published by Dark Horse Comics and a 104-page comic was released on Jul 5, 2011. Character videos also became available online. The videos explore the main characters of Falling Skies.
As part of the promotional campaign, a vehicle, with the TNT logo and called Falling Skies Technical was released as a free gift in the social networking game Mafia Wars on June 14, 2011.
Reception
The two-hour premiere of Falling Skies was watched by 5.9 million viewers, making it cable television's biggest series launch of the year, with more than 2.6 million adults 18–49 and 3.2 million adults 25–54.
The pilot episode saw a mostly positive reception. Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter wrote "...the entertainment value and suspense of Falling Skies is paced just right. You get the sense that we'll get those answers eventually. And yet, you want to devour the next episode immediately." Thomas Conner of the Chicago Sun-Times called it "...a trustworthy family drama but with aliens." They continued, "It's 'Jericho' meets 'V', with the good from both and the bad discarded. It'll raise the summer-TV bar significantly." Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly gave the series a B+ and wrote, "A similar, gradually developed, but decisive conviction makes Falling Skies an engaging, if derivative, chunk of dystopian sci-fi." They continued, "...Falling Skies rises above any one performance; it's the spectacle of humans versus aliens that draws you in." In the Boston Herald, Mark A. Perigard gave the series a B grade, writing "Don't look now, but Falling Skies could be a summer obsession."
However, not all reviews were favorable. Brian Lowry from Variety gave the series a mixed review, stating that they enjoyed the action sequences but that "the soapier elements mostly fall flat", and called the series "painfully old-fashioned". Mike Hale, from The New York Times, called the series "average" and "good on the action, a little muddled on the ideas". They added that "the tone is placid and slightly monotonous, as if we were watching the Walton family at the end of the world".The Washington Post reviewer Hank Steuver criticized the actor portrayals, writing that "the show is slowed by so many wooden performances, Wyle's included". They also state they found themselves "root[ing] for the aliens, which cannot have been the writers' intent".
In The Miami Herald'', Glenn Garvin also criticized the poor acting, stating, "the 'Falling Skies' cast appears unconvinced and unconvincing." Garvin singled out the performance of Sarah Carter as the only exception, and added that Spielberg has "bottomed out" with this family drama series.
References
2011 American television episodes
American television series premieres
Falling Skies (season 1) episodes
The 1999–2000 Australian Figure Skating Championships was held in Thebarton from 24 through 31 July 1999. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing across many levels, including senior, junior, novice, adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of primary and intermediate.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
results
1999 in figure skating
2000 in figure skating
Fig
Fig
Australian Figure Skating Championships
The WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship created and promoted by the American promotion WWE, defended on the SmackDown brand division. It is one of two male tag team championships for WWE's main roster, along with the WWE Raw Tag Team Championship on Raw. The current champions are The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso), who are in their fifth reign, which is also the longest reign for the title and the sixth longest tag team title reign in WWE history. The Usos are recognized as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions as they concurrently hold both the Raw and SmackDown Tag Team Championships.
Unveiled on the August 23, 2016, episode of SmackDown, it was created to be the counterpart title to the then-WWE Tag Team Championship, which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE draft. That title was subsequently renamed after the crowning of the inaugural SmackDown Tag Team Champions, Heath Slater and Rhyno.
History
Up until that point, the WWE Tag Team Championship served as the tag titles for the SmackDown brand, introduced in 2002, until its unification with the Raw-based World Tag Team Championship in 2009 at WrestleMania 25 in 2009 and deactivated in 2010 in favor of the WWE Tag Team Championship lineage. The first brand split ended in August 2011.
In July 2016, WWE reintroduced the brand extension wherein the promotion again divided its roster between the Raw and SmackDown brands where wrestlers are exclusively assigned to perform. During the 2016 draft, reigning WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day (Big E, Kofi Kingston, and Xavier Woods) were drafted to Raw, leaving SmackDown without a tag team championship. Over the course of the following month, SmackDown general manager Daniel Bryan stated that they wanted to build up the tag team division before introducing a championship. Immediately following SummerSlam on the August 23, 2016 episode of SmackDown Live, Bryan and SmackDown commissioner Shane McMahon introduced the SmackDown Tag Team Championship (Raw's title was subsequently renamed). An eight-team tournament was then scheduled to determine the inaugural champions, culminating in a final match at Backlash on September 11, 2016. The team of Heath Slater and Rhyno defeated The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) in the tournament final to become the inaugural champions. In 2019, WWE's former developmental territory NXT became the promotion's third major brand when it was moved to the USA Network in September, thus making the NXT Tag Team Championship the third major tag team title for men in WWE.
When the belts were introduced, they featured the same physical design as the Raw Tag Team Championship, with the differences being that the leather straps were blue as opposed to the former's original black and the plates were silver as opposed to the former's original bronze. The Raw Tag Team Championship belt design was updated on December 19, 2016, with silver plates on red straps to bring both sets of titles more in line with each other. While all of WWE's other championship belts have been updated to feature customizable side plates for the champion's logos, the Raw and SmackDown tag titles and the 24/7 Championship are the only championship belts in the promotion that lack this feature.
Inaugural tournament
† When Chad Gable suffered a storyline injury after defeating The Usos, American Alpha were removed from the final. The Usos then defeated The Hype Bros at Backlash in a second chance tag team match to replace American Alpha in the final.
Brand designation history
As its name implies, the championship was established for the SmackDown brand. However, the title is still eligible to switch brands during the annual WWE Draft.
Reigns
As of , , overall there have been 26 reigns between 16 teams composed of 30 individual champions, and one vacancy. The team of Heath Slater and Rhyno were the inaugural champions. The New Day (Kofi Kingston and Xavier Woods) have the most reigns at seven, both as a team and individually, and their seventh is the shortest reign for the title at 3 days (2 days as recognized by WWE); during their first six reigns, Big E was also recognized as champion under the Freebird Rule. The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) have the longest singular reign at + days for their ongoing fifth reign, and they have the longest combined reign at + days. The oldest champion is Shane McMahon, winning the title at 49 years old, while the youngest is Dominik Mysterio when they won it at 24.
The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) are the current champions in their fifth reign, both as a team and individually. They won the titles by defeating previous champions, Rey Mysterio and Dominik Mysterio, on July 18, 2021 in Fort Worth, Texas during the Money in the Bank Kickoff pre-show. After winning the Raw Tag Team Championship on the May 20, 2022, episode of SmackDown, The Usos were recognized as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions.
See also
Tag team championships in WWE
Notes
References
External links
Official SmackDown Tag Team Title History
WWE SmackDown
WWE tag team championships
This is a list of amphibian species found in the Kerala, India.
Order: Anura (Frogs)
Family: Bufonidae (True toads)
Genus: Duttaphrynus
Duttaphrynus beddomii (Beddome's toad)
Duttaphrynus melanostictus (common Asian toad)
Duttaphrynus microtympanum (southern hill toad)
Duttaphrynus parietalis (Indian toad)
Duttaphrynus scaber (Ferguson's toad)
Duttaphrynus silentvalleyensis (Silent Valley toad)
Genus: Ghatophryne
Ghatophryne ornata (Malabar torrent toad)
Ghatophryne rubigina (Kerala stream toad)
Genus: Pedostibes
Pedostibes tuberculosus (Malabar tree toad)
Family: Dicroglossidae (Fork-tongued frogs)
Genus: Euphlyctis
Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis (skittering frog)
Euphlyctis hexadactylus (green pond frog)
Genus: Hoplobatrachus
Hoplobatrachus crassus (Jerdon's bullfrog)
Hoplobatrachus tigerinus (Indian bullfrog)
Genus: Minervarya
Minervarya sahyadris (Minervarya frog)
Genus: Sphaerotheca
Sphaerotheca breviceps (Indian burrowing frog)
Genus: Zakerana
Zakerana brevipalmata (short-webbed frog)
Zakerana keralensis (Kerala warty frog)
Zakerana nilagirica (Nilgiris wart frog)
Zakerana parambikulamana (Parambikulam wart frog)
Zakerana rufescens (Malabar wart frog)
Family: Micrixalidae (Dancing frogs)
Genus: Micrixalus
Micrixalus adonis
Micrixalus elegans (elegant dancing frog)
Micrixalus frigidus (cold stream dancing frog)
Micrixalus fuscus (dusky torrent frog)
Micrixalus gadgili (Gadgil's torrent frog)
Micrixalus herrei (Kallar torrent frog)
Micrixalus kurichiyari (Kurichiyar torrent frog)
Micrixalus mallani (Mallan's torrent frog)
Micrixalus nelliyampathi (Nelliyampathi torrent frog)
Micrixalus nigraventris (black-bellied torrent frog)
Micrixalus nudis (naked torrent frog)
Micrixalus phyllophilus (pink-thighed torrent frog)
Micrixalus sairandhri (Sairandhri torrent frog)
Micrixalus sali (Sali's torrent frog)
Micrixalus saxicola (Malabar torrent frog)
Micrixalus silvaticus (forest torrent frog)
Micrixalus thampii (Thampi's torrent frog)
Family: Microhylidae (Narrow-mouthed frogs)
Genus: Melanobatrachus
Melanobatrachus indicus (black microhylid frog)
Genus: Microhyla
Microhyla ornata (ornate narrow-mouthed frog)
Microhyla rubra (reddish narrow-mouthed frog)
Microhyla sholigari (Sholigari Microhylid frog)
Genus: Mysticellus
Mysticellus franki (Franky's narrow-mouthed frog)
Genus: Uperodon
Uperodon anamalaiensis (Anamalai dot/balloon frog)
Uperodon globulosus (Indian balloon frog)
Uperodon montanus (Jerdon's balloon frog)
Uperodon systoma (marbled balloon frog)
Uperodon taprobanica (painted frog)
Uperodon triangularis (Malabar frog)
Uperodon variegata (Variegated frog)
Family: Nasikabatrachidae (Purple frogs)
Genus: Nasikabatrachus
Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis (purple frog)
Family: Nyctibatrachidae (Night frogs)
Genus: Nyctibatrachus
Nyctibatrachus acanthodermis (spinular night frog)
Nyctibatrachus aliciae (Alicia's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus anamallaiensis (Anamallai night frog)
Nyctibatrachus beddomii (Beddome's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus deccanensis (Deccan night frog)
Nyctibatrachus deveni (Deven's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus grandis (Grandi's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus indraneili (Indraneil's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus kempholeyensis (Kempholey night frog)
Nyctibatrachus major (Malabar night frog)
Nyctibatrachus minimus (miniature night frog)
Nyctibatrachus minor (Kerala night frog)
Nyctibatrachus periyar (Periyar night frog)
Nyctibatrachus pillaii (Pillai's night frog)
Nyctibatrachus poocha (meowing night frog)
Nyctibatrachus vasanthi (Kalakad wrinkled frog)
Nyctibatrachus vrijeuni (VUB night frog)
Family: Ranidae (True frogs)
Genus: Clinotarsus
Clinotarsus curtipes (bicolored frog)
Genus: Hydrophylax
Hydrophylax malabaricus (fungoid frog)
Genus: Indosylvirana
Indosylvirana aurantiaca (Boulenger's golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana doni (Don's golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana flavescens (yellowish golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana indica (Indian golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana intermedius (Rao's golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana magna (large golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana sreeni (Sreeni's golden backed frog)
Indosylvirana urbis (urban golden backed frog)
Family: Ranixalidae (Leaping frogs)
Genus: Indirana
Indirana beddomii (Beddome's leaping frog)
Indirana brachytarsus (Anamallai's leaping frog)
Indirana diplosticta (spotted leaping frog)
Indirana leptodactyla (Boulenger's leaping frog)
Indirana phrynoderma (toad skinned leaping frog)
Indirana semipalmata (toad skinned leaping frog)
Family: Rhacophoridae (Tree frogs)
Genus: Beddomixalus
Beddomixalus bijui (Kadalar swamp frog)
Genus: Ghatixalus
Ghatixalus asterops (Ghat tree frog)
Ghatixalus variabilis (green tree frog)
Genus: Mercurana
Mercurana myristicapalustris (Myristica swamp frog)
Genus: Polypedates
Polypedates maculatus (Indian tree frog)
Polypedates occidentalis (western/charpa tree frog)
Polypedates pseudocruciger (false hour-glass tree frog)
Genus: Pseudophilautus
Pseudophilautus kani (kani bush frog)
Pseudophilautus wynaadensis (Waynad bush frog)
Genus: Raorchestes
Raorchestes agasthyaensis (Agasthiamalai bush frog)
Raorchestes akroparallagi (variable bush frog)
Raorchestes anili (Anil's bush frog)
Raorchestes archeos (archaic bush frog)
Raorchestes aureus (golden-eyed bush frog)
Raorchestes beddomii (Beddome's bush frog)
Raorchestes blandus (pleasant bush frog)
Raorchestes bobingeri (Bob Inger's bush frog)
Raorchestes chalazodes (chalazodes bubble-nest frog)
Raorchestes charius (Seshachar's bush frog)
Raorchestes chlorosomma (green-eyed bush frog)
Raorchestes chotta (small bush frog)
Raorchestes chromasynchysi (confusing green bush frog)
Raorchestes crustai (bark bush frog)
Raorchestes dubois (Kodaikanal bush frog)
Raorchestes flaviventris (yellow-bellied bush frog)
Raorchestes glandulosus (glandular bush frog)
Raorchestes graminirupes (Ponmudi bush frog)
Raorchestes griet (Griet bush frog)
Raorchestes jayarami (Jayaram's bush frog)
Raorchestes johnceei (Johnceei's bush frog)
Raorchestes kadalarensis (Kadalar bush frog)
Raorchestes kaikatti (Kaikatt's bush frog)
Raorchestes kakachi (Kakachi bush frog)
Raorchestes leucolatus (white patch bush frog)
Raorchestes manohari (beautiful reed bush frog)
Raorchestes marki (Mark's bush frog)
Raorchestes munnarensis (Munnar bush frog)
Raorchestes nerostagona (Kalpetta yellow bush frog)
Raorchestes ochlandrae (ochlandrae reed bush frog)
Raorchestes ponmudi (large Ponmudi bush frog)
Raorchestes ravii (Ravi's bush frog)
Raorchestes resplendens (resplendent shrub frog)
Raorchestes signatus (star-eyed bush frog)
Raorchestes sushili (Sushil's bush frog)
Raorchestes theuerkaufi (Theuerkauf's bush frog)
Raorchestes tinniens (Nilgiri bush frog)
Raorchestes travancoricus (Travancore bush frog)
Raorchestes tuberohumerus (Kudremukh bush frog)
Raorchestes uthamani (Uthaman's reed bush frog)
Genus: Rhacophorus
Rhacophorus calcadensis (Kalakad gliding frog)
Rhacophorus lateralis (small tree frog)
Rhacophorus malabaricus (Malabar gliding frog)
Rhacophorus pseudomalabaricus (false Malabar gliding frog)
Order: Gymnophiona (Caecilians)
Family: Ichthyophiidae (Asiatic tailed caecilians)
Genus: Ichthyophis
Ichthyophis beddomei (yellow-striped caecilian)
Ichthyophis bombayensis (Bombay caecilian)
Ichthyophis kodaguensis (Kodagu striped caecilian)
Ichthyophis longicephalus (long-headed caecilian)
Ichthyophis tricolor (three-colored caecilian)
Genus: Uraeotyphlus
Uraeotyphlus interruptus (Chengalam caecilian)
Uraeotyphlus malabaricus (Malabar tailed caecilian)
Uraeotyphlus menoni (Kerala caecilian, Menon's caecilian)
Uraeotyphlus narayani (Narayan's caecilian)
Uraeotyphlus oommeni (Bonnacord caecilian)
Uraeotyphlus oxyurus (red caecilian)
Family: Indotyphlidae (Common caecilians)
Genus: Gegeneophis
Gegeneophis carnosus (Peria Peak caecilian)
Gegeneophis primus (Malabar cardomom caecilian)
Gegeneophis ramaswamii (forest caecilian)
Gegeneophis tejaswini (Tejaswini caecilian)
References
A checklist of amphibians of Kerala, India by Sandeep Das
A survey of the Amphibian Fauna of Kerala- Distribution and Status, Zoos' Print Journal 20(1) 1723–1735 by M.I. Andrews, Sanil George and Jaimon Joseph (2005)
Common Amphibians of Kerala: Frogs and Toads – PS Sivaprasad
External links
Global Amphibian Assessment
AmphibiaWeb
Amphibians of the Western Ghats
India
Amphibians
Amphibians
Arisia Rrab is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, usually those featuring the Green Lantern Corps, an intergalactic police force of which they are a member. Arisia is a humanoid alien with golden-yellow skin, hair and eyes, and has pointed, elven ears.
Arisia is named after the planet Arisia in the Lensman novels by E.E. Smith. Along with Eddore of Tront, they were created by writer Mike W. Barr as a tip of the hat to the groundbreaking series in their Tales of the Green Lantern Corps miniseries in 1981. Them last name is "Barr" spelled backward (note that their last name was added later, not by creator Barr).
Publication history
Arisia Rrab first appeared in Tales of the Green Lantern Corps #1 and was created by Mike W. Barr, Len Wein, and Joe Staton.  They are killed in Guy Gardner: Warrior #43 (June 1996). Writer Beau Smith stated that "DC wanted them dead. It was part of their deconstruction of the Green Lanterns at that time. My intent was to kill them and bring them back with powers that had no leaning to the GL Corps".
Fictional character biography
Green Lantern Corps
Arisia is originally from the planet Graxos IV. Them father, Fentara, served as the Green Lantern of Sector 2815. In Blackest Night: Tales of the Corps #3, it's revealed that (in a rare occurrence) all of the Green Lanterns preceding their father belong to their lineage as well. After their father meets their demise while serving the Corps, their uncle Blish is the next chosen to serve as the Lantern of their sector. Blish too eventually gives their lives serving the Corps and Arisia is selected as their replacement on their next birthday, making them at least the fifth member of the family to serve as a Green Lantern. Originally, Arisia is depicted as assuming the role of Green Lantern while still a teenager.
Arisia first appears in Tales of the Green Lantern Corps #1 (May 1981) as part of a large group of Green Lanterns sent to thwart Krona and Nekron. She, Katma Tui, Salaak, Ch'p (who refers to them as the "big cutie"), and Kilowog all relocate to Earth after the Crisis on Infinite Earths. Once there, they adopt the secret identity of Cindy Simpson, and redesigns the uniforms of the team to better reflect their individual personalities. Arisia is first shown as having a huge crush on Hal Jordan, the Green Lantern of Sector 2814, who ultimately reciprocates their feelings. After being stationed on Earth with Jordan and confronted with their age difference they subconsciously use their power ring to age themselves so that they and Jordan can be together. Later, Arisia is among several Green Lanterns to lose their powers due to a disruption in the Main Battery on the planet Oa (the source from which the Green Lanterns draw their power). However, Arisia decides to remain on Earth with their boyfriend Hal and pursue a modeling career. Their relationship becomes strained as they adjust to the changes affecting the Corps, which eventually leads to them breaking up.
Powerless
After their break-up with Hal Jordan, Arisia begins developing their friendship with Kilowog. During one visit, an accidental blow to the head causes them to suffer from memory loss and triggers a return to their 13-year-old mentality. They seek out the only person they believe can help her: Hal Jordan. They return to Ferris Aircraft, desperate to find Jordan, and (following an attack by the New Guardian Floro) is reunited with him. After a short time, their memories slowly begin to return, yet they still are not ready for the responsibility of being a Green Lantern again. Though they initially offer to return to the Corps as Hal's back-up, like Guy Gardner and John Stewart, the idea is rejected.
Over time, their memories return completely, and they seek Guy Gardner's help in finding the missing Kilowog. Arisia offers to go to Oa with Gardner and the Justice League Task Force, as their knowledge of Oa would be an asset to the group. Gardner turns them down due to their lack of powers being more hindrance than a help. After their rejection, Arisia returns armed to the teeth and demands to join them. On Oa, they discover the skeletal remains of Kilowog and are attacked by Hal Jordan. They survive the attack and, upon returning to Earth, begins working at Gardner's new bar: Warrior's. On opening day, Arisia learns of Hal Jordan's supposed death from Kyle Rayner, though it's not long before Jordan arrives himself, proving the rumor false. They change Arisia back into their Green Lantern costume and offers to return things to the way they were. Arisia argues that things have changed and that they are not the man they once are, asking them to leave.
While working at Warrior's, Arisia befriends Buck Wargo and Desmond Farr (aka Tiger-Man). Joined later by Lead from the Metal Men and a time-lost Lady Blackhawk, they act as bouncers, battling various villains that attack the bar. At times they are assisted by the Justice League Society member Wildcat. Arisia demonstrates enhanced healing abilities.
Murdered
A mysterious woman with ties to the equally enigmatic organization known only as "the Quorum" tries to cast a spell over Guy Gardner and gain control of their actions. Due to Verona's aid, who has sworn to protect the Warrior, Guy escapes the grasp of their assailant. In the midst of the conflict, the resurrected Major Force arrives looking for Verona as well. Though unsuccessful, they are only too happy to dispense with any of Guy's allies whom they cross paths with. Arisia, unprepared for an attack by Major Force, is suffocated to death despite attempts to defend herself. After Arisia's defeat, Major Force calls Guy Gardner out by delivering a picture of them In the ensuing fight, Gardner kills him. At their funeral, Hal Jordan (again in their Parallax guise), appears beside Guy Gardner to give their final respects to the woman they had once loved. Before leaving, they create a floating green hologram of Arisia above their body.
Resurrection and beyond
After regaining their Green Lantern status, Hal Jordan travels to the Manhunters' homeworld of Biot with Guy Gardner. There they discover dozens of missing Green Lanterns (including those Hal had left for dead during "Emerald Twilight") in suspended animation being kept as batteries to power the Cyborg Superman and the overhauled Manhunters. Hal wakes several of the Green Lanterns, but they attack him, believing they are still their enemy. They find Arisia unconscious and cocooned in a cavern wall and frees them The Cyborg Superman reveals that after Arisia was murdered by Major Force and buried, their species' natural healing abilities revived their underground. Henshaw sent their Manhunters to retrieve them and bring them to Biot. Fully restored, Arisia fights by Hal's side, helping them destroy the planet. Though a relationship between the two is never restored, they do share a kiss.
Arisia was shown fighting the Sinestro Corps off Oa along with Kilowog and many of the rookie members of the Corps. The Guardians place them in a supervisory position over Sodam Yat, the Green Lantern of Daxam, as they are predicted to be an important part of the Corps' survival. Arisia initially has difficulty in this role as Yat has a tendency of ignoring orders. Arisia, along with most of the Corps, participates in the universe-wide Sinestro Corps War, which includes several important battles on their former home: Earth.
Sodam Yat
Following the events of the 2007 "Sinestro Corps War" storyline, Arisia continues to partner with Sodam Yat, now the host of the Ion entity. They have been working to free Daxam from Mongul and their faction of the Sinestro Corps. They only succeed when Sodam sacrifices themselves by entering Daxam's sun and turning it yellow. On their return to Oa, Arisia finds the planet overrun by Black Lanterns, with the reanimated corpses of their family among them.
After the 2011 "Blackest Night" storyline, Arisia visits the meeting hall where they berate the Guardians over Sodam's death, and the Guardians implicate Scar as being responsible. Arisia experiences a nightmare which leads them to believe Sodam may still be alive.
Prior to the 2010 "War of the Green Lanterns" storyline, Krona removes Sodam from Daxam's star in order to extract the Ion entity. Arisia convinces Guy to stop at Daxam to look for Yat as they are on a mission to discover what is draining the power of all the lantern corps. Yat has fallen down to Daxam. The still unconscious Sodam's body is carried away by two boys and hidden from the other Daxamites. Sodam awakens in a cavern, surrounded by many Daxamites who revere them for their sacrifice. They reveal to them that their father and the rest of Daxam society wish to find them and throw them back into the sun so they can get their powers back. Convinced that their survival was due to divine intervention, Sodam declares that, before Daxam can be cleansed of its xenophobia, the rest of the universe must be made a better place. They lead their followers on a journey to "make the Guardians pay for their sins". While on this pilgrimage, Sodam is ambushed by the telepathic warlord Zardor, who later makes them attack Guy Gardner by having them believe Guy is a Guardian. When Arisia and Kilowog manage to break Zardor's control over Sodam, they flee using Sodam as their personal body guard. Zardor's last words for the corps are: "Enjoy the war". While this is happening, Arisia, Guy Gardner and Kilowog to discover what the source of the energy stolen from the Lantern Corps. Arisia does not lay eyes on Yat but is told by Gardner that Yat is under Zardor's control.
Later, Jordan, John Stewart entrusts Arisia with a diplomatic mission to Lantern Jruk's homeworld in an effort to stop them from an alliance with the brutal, murderous Khund. This 'diplomacy', which is mostly honorable hand-to-hand combat by Jruk, is sabotaged by the Durlans, shape changers who have declared war on the Lanterns.
A group of Lanterns, including Arisia, work to rescue a mysterious being they know that had been tortured by their enemies the Durlans. After a long fight, they find the prisoner is Sodam Yat. Rrab volunteers to fight back when the actions of the 'New Gods' endangers all ring wielders.
Powers and abilities
As a Green Lantern, Arisia is capable of projecting energy-based constructions, flight, and utilizing various other abilities through their power ring which are only limited by their imagination and willpower.
Other versions
An alternate version of Arisia appears in Green Lantern: Earth One.  They are the descendant of a long-dead Green Lantern also named Arisia, and the inheritor of their ancestor's Power Ring.  They are the leader of a rebel group against the Manhunters hiding out on a distant world. Hal Jordan and Kilowog track them down seeking help in fighting off the Manhunters attacking Kilowog's homeworld, but they refuse. Arisia later responds to Jordan's distress call and participates in the recovery of the Central Power Battery, and leads the Lanterns in rescuing the slaves in the mines on Oa. Following the battle, they are elected the leader of the revitalised Green Lantern Corps.
In other media
Television
Arisia Rrab made a minor appearance in the Superman: The Animated Series episode "In Brightest Day".
In the Justice League Unlimited episode "The Return", Arisia can briefly be seen as a member of the Green Lantern Corps guarding the planet Oa.
Arisia Rrab made non-speaking appearances in Batman: The Brave and the Bold.
In the Duck Dodgers episode "The Green Loontern", Arisia Rrab can be seen briefly flying behind Hal Jordan.
Film
Arisia Rrab is featured in Green Lantern: First Flight, voiced by Kath Soucie.
Arisia Rrab appears in Green Lantern: Emerald Knights, voiced by Elisabeth Moss. In the film, Arisia learns about the history of the Green Lantern Corps (specifically with regards to Avra, Kilowog, Laira, Mogo, and Abin Sur) as told by Hal Jordan and fellow Green Lanterns.
Arisia Rrab makes a cameo appearance in Justice League Dark: Apokolips War.
Video games
Arisia Rrab appears in Batman: The Brave and the Bold – The Videogame. Unlike their brief appearance in the television series, they had a speaking role in the game, voiced by Grey DeLisle.
References
External links
Arisia in the DC Database
Characters created by Mike W. Barr
DC Comics aliens
DC Comics female superheroes
DC Comics characters with accelerated healing
DC Comics extraterrestrial superheroes
Comics characters introduced in 1981
Characters created by Len Wein
Green Lantern Corps officers
Everybody's Baby is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Jed Prouty, Shirley Deane and Spring Byington. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series of films. The film's art direction was by Bernard Herzbrun and Boris Leven.
Plot
An author moves to the area with radical views on raising children.
Cast
Jed Prouty as John Jones
Shirley Deane as Bonnie Thompson
Spring Byington as Mrs. John Jones
Russell Gleason as Herbert Thompson
June Carlson as Lucy Jones
Florence Roberts as Granny Jones
Billy Mahan as Bobby Jones
Reginald Denny as Dr. Pilcoff
Robert Allen as Dick Lane
Claire Du Brey as Nurse Cordell
Marvin Stephens as Tommy McGuire
Hattie McDaniel as Hattie
Arthur Loft as Chief Kelly
Howard C. Hickman as Dr. Jenkins
George Ernest as Roger Jones
Kenneth Howell as Jack Jones
James Blaine as Plainclothes Man
Stanley Blystone as Plainclothes Man
Romaine Callender as Salesman
George Chandler as G. Randolph
James Flavin as Police Announcer
Phyllis Fraser as Millie
Aggie Herring as Mrs. Diggs
Robert Lowery as B. Wilson
Mickey Martin as Ratty Diggs
Sam McDaniel as Master of Ceremonies
Frank Moran as Tough
William Newell as Waiter
Ruth Robinson as Nurse
Lillian West as Nurse
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1939 films
1939 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Malcolm St. Clair
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Losaline Ma'asi is a Tongan politician, cabinet minister, and former member of the Legislative Assembly of Tonga for Tongatapu 5.
Ma'asi is a former chief executive of the Ministry of Agriculture. They were first elected to parliament in the 2017 election. On 26 June 2018 they were appointed as Minister of Internal Affairs and Sports, replacing 'Akosita Lavulavu. In January 2019 a minor cabinet reshuffle saw them swap their Internal Affairs portfolio for Agriculture, Food, and Forests.
They contested the 2021 Tongan general election, but was unsuccessful.
References
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Tonga
Tongan women in politics
Women government ministers of Tonga
Government ministers of Tonga
Living people
21st-century women politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Female interior ministers
Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands politicians
The 1986 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament was the 27th organized men's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to determine the top college soccer team in the United States. The Duke Blue Devils won their first national title by defeating the Akron Zips in the championship game, 1–0. The final match was played on December 13, 1986, in Tacoma, Washington, at the Tacoma Dome.
Early rounds
Final
See also
NCAA Division II Men's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men's Soccer Championship
References
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Dicison I Men's
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament
The following is an incomplete list of former grand masters of the Order of Calatrava, the current grand master of the order is King Felipe VI of Spain
Don García (1164–1169)
Fernando Icaza (1169–1170)
Martín Pérez de Siones (1170–1182)
Nuño Pérez de Quiñones (1182–1199)
Martín Martínez (1199–1207)
Ruy Díaz de Yanguas (1207–1212)
Rodrigo Garcés (1212–1216)
Martín Fernández de Quintana (1216–1218)
Gonzalo Yáñez de Novoa (1218–1238)
Martín Ruiz de Cevallos (1238–1240)
Gómez Manrique (1240–1243)
Fernando Ordóñez (1243–1254)
Pedro Yáñez (1254–1267)
Juan González (1267–1284)
Ruy Pérez Ponce de León (1284–1295)
Diego López de Santsoles (1295–1296)
Garci López de Padilla (1296–1322)
Juan Núñez de Prado (1322–1355)
Diego García de Padilla (1355–1365)
Martín López de Córdoba (1365–1371)
Pedro Muñiz de Godoy y Sandoval (1371–1384)
Pedro Álvarez de Pereira (1384–1385)
Gonzalo Núñez de Guzmán (1385–1404)
Enrique de Villena (1404–1407)
Luis González de Guzmán (1407–1443)
Fernando de Padilla (a few months in 1443)
Alfonso de Aragón y de Escobar (end of 1443–1445)
Pedro Girón Acuña Pacheco (1445–1466)
Rodrigo Téllez Girón (1466–1482)
García López de Padilla (1482–1487)
Catholic Monarchs (from 1487 onwards)
King Juan Carlos I of Spain
King Felipe VI of Spain (Incumbent)
References
:es:Orden de Calatrava
Bibliography
Lists of medieval people
Military lists
History-related lists
Calatrava
Syncordulia legator the guilded presba is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae. It was first described by Dijkstra, Samways and Simaika in 2007. Syncordulia legator belongs to the genus Syncordulia, and family Corduliidae.
References
Odonata of Africa
Insects of South Africa
Corduliidae
Heðin Mortensen (born April 7, 1946) is a Faroese politician for the (Social Democratic Party).  They are the current mayor of the Municipality of Tórshavn since 1 January 2021. They were also mayor from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2016.
Mortensen was born in Trongisvágur. They worked as a mechanic from 1961 to 1978, when they became an insurance agent for The Faroe Insurance Company (). They headed the Tórshavn Rowing Club from 1973 to 1979, the Tórshavn Athletics Association () from 1975 to 1978, and the Faroese Athletics Association () from 1980 to 2000. They were also the chair of the Tórshavn Theater Society from 1996 to 2003. They have been a supervisory board member of the power company SEV since 1973 and was its director from 1993 to 1997.
In politics, Mortensen became a member of the Tórshavn municipal council in 1973. They served as deputy mayor from 2001 to 2005 before becoming mayor. They were a member of the Union Party from 1988 to 2004. As a member of the Union Party, Mortensen was also active in politics at the national level. They intermittently participated in the Faroese Parliament as a deputy representative from 1989 to 1991 and in 1993. They later served in the Faroese Parliament as a representative from the South Streymoy () district from 1998 to 2004. They became a deputy representative again in 2008, but this time for the Social Democratic Party. In 2015 they were elected to the Faroese Parliament as a member of the Social Democratic Party.
Mortensen has received numerous Nordic honors for their involvement in sports. They were named a knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1991, and a knight 1st class of the same order in 2003.
Mortensen is a supporter of whaling in the Faroe Islands.
References
Living people
1946 births
Mayors of Tórshavn
Members of the Løgting
People from Trongisvágur
Rajiv Shekhar (born 1960) is a professor and director at IIT(ISM) Dhanbad. Prior to joining IIT(ISM) Dhanbad, they were working as a professor at the Department of Materials Science and Engineering, IIT Kanpur. In recent times, they have been actively working towards research related to Solar thermal energy and applications.
Controversies
In 2018, Rajiv Shekhar along with 3 other professors from IIT Kanpur were alleged of making caste related remarks upon a newly appointed assistant professor at department of Aerospace engineering. As a consequence, a FIR was logged by the assistant professor against them of charges of harassment, mental torture and making caste remarks at local police.
The students and senior faculty members of the institute protested in front of IIT Kanpur director's residence for nearly two hours. The teachers threatened to boycott exams and tender collective resignation, while the students informed the authorities that they would start an agitation if the FIR was not expunged.
A high court judge found the four teachers guilty of flouting IIT Kanpur's conduct code and the SC/ST Preventions Atrocities Act and as a result the complaint was taken to the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC).
The IIT Kanpur Board of Governors (BOG) last year found all the four teachers guilty of caste-based discrimination and has taken steps against the other three. But it has not acted against Prof. Shekhar as they had already been appointed director of IIT Dhanbad with the approval of the Visitor, the President of India.
Selected bibliography
Selected articles
References
Living people
1960 births
IIT Kanpur alumni
IIT Kanpur faculty
Indian Institute of Technology directors
University of California, Berkeley alumni
The Croatian Publishing and Bibliographic Institute (, HIBZ) was a lexicographic institute in the Independent State of Croatia founded on August 9, 1941. Mate Ujević was its director. In 1944, Dragutin Tadijanović became the literary secretary of the institute. With the creation of communist Yugoslavia in 1945, the institute's work was stopped.
People associated with the Institute include Ivan Goran Kovačić.
The Institute published the Dictionary of Croatian Literary Language, as well as taking over the publishing of the Croatian Encyclopedia. In 1942, the institute published seven of Vladimir Nazor's works: Putopisi, Zagrebačke novele, Posljednja Trijada, Na vrh jezika i pera, Arhanđeli, Knjiga pjesama and Eseji i članci.
Published works
Contemporary Croatian Writers series
The HIBZ published a series of anthologies titled Contemporary Croatian Writers (Suvremeni hrvatski pisci):
Book 1: Tuga zemlje, Dragutin Tadijanović (1942)
Book 2: Izabrani stihovi, Dobriša Cesarić (1942)
Book 3: Pjesme I., Đuro Sudeta (1943)
Book 4: Pjesme II., Đuro Sudeta (1943)
Book 5: Kritike i članci, (1943)
Book 6: Kritike i prikazi, Milan Begović (1943)
Book 9: Za kasnim stolom, Nikola Šop (1943)
Book 10: Tajanstvena prela, Nikola Šop (1943)
Book 12: Pjesme, Ljubo Wiesner (1943)
Book 18: Pripoviesti, Janko Leskovar (1944)
Fran Galović
Drame 1 (1903–1906), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Drame 2 (1907), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Drame 3 (1908), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Drame 4 (1908–1911), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Drame 5 (1912–1913), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Pjesme 2, Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Pripovijesti 1 (1903–1912), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Pripovijesti 2 (1912–1914), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Članci i kritike (1902–1914), Fran Galović. Zagreb, 1942.
Other books
Dioba vlasti, Ivo Krbek. Zagreb, 1943.
Prošlost Dalmacije I–II., Grga Novak. Zagreb, 1944.
Tamnica vremena, Gustav Krklec. Zagreb, 1944.
Periodicals
Croatia, 1941–1944
Književni tjednik
Književni tjednik ("Literary Weekly") was a literary and cultural magazine. Its Editor-in-Chief was Pavao Tijan. In six months, between 18 December 1941 and 28 June 1942, 21 issues were published, initially weekly and later biweekly. The magazine's topics were literature, newly released books, theater, concerts, fine arts, and photography. Foreign literature and writers, such as Albanian, Belgian, Bengali, Norwegian and French, received coverage too. The magazine published a number of poems and pieces of short prose by contemporary Croatian writers, including Tin Ujević, Vladimir Nazor, Ivan Goran Kovačić and Vjekoslav Kaleb. It was discontinued in 1942, ostensibly due to a "shortage of paper". According to Mate Ujević, the real reason was an unspecified article deemed "anti-fascist" by the regime. It appears that the authorities decided to extinguish Književni tjednik in order to set the stage for Spremnost, a political weekly closely aligned with Ustasha ideology. During the communist era in post-World War II Yugoslavia, Književni tjednik was not available for academic research.
Časopis za hrvatsku poviest
Časopis za hrvatsku poviest ("Journal of Croatian History") was the first exclusively historical journal in Croatian historiography. It covered only topics related to history and art history of Croatia. Its editors were , a historian, and Ljubo Karaman, an art historian and conservator. Four issues in three volumes were published in 1943.
Vienac
After the demise of Književni tjednik, HIBZ started Vienac ("The Wreath"), a monthly magazine that continued the tradition of Vienac, a publication of Matica ilirska established in 1869 and discontinued before World War I. Between March and July 1944, 12 issues were published in 6 volumes. The Editor-in-Chief was . Although Vienac was predominantly a literary magazine, it covered a wide range of topics, including fine arts, philosophy, economy, and natural sciences. Some articles attracted public criticism in pro-regime publications, which, according to Mate Ujević, nearly led to HIBZ being terminated.
Časopis za medicinu i biologiju (Acta medico-biologica croatica)
Acta was envisioned as a quarterly medical journal, but only a single issue was published in early 1945. Its editor was Juraj Körbler, and the chairperson of its editorial board was Ante Šercer.
References
Bibliography
Linguistic research institutes
Research institutes in Croatia
1941 establishments in Croatia
1945 disestablishments in Croatia
Independent State of Croatia
La mauvaise tête, written and drawn by Franquin, is the eighth album in the Spirou et Fantasio series. After serial publication in Spirou magazine the complete story was published, along with the Marsupilami short story Touchez pas aux rouges-gorges, in a hardcover album in 1957.
Story
In A Head for Crime, due to a few missing passport photos, Fantasio finds themselves a victim of a conspiracy to frame them as the thief of an invaluable Egyptian gold mask. Appearing completely guilty, they are forced to flee from the law, attempting escape from the city disguised as a competing bicyclist in the 6 day mountain endurance race Tour de Midiville, leaving Spirou alone with the tough task of exposing the real villains, and clearing Fantasio's name.
The accompanying short story, Don't Touch the Robins, describes the Marsupilami's close relationship with little birds, while vacationing in The Count of Champignac's castle park (presumably during the events of the Marsupilami-free story La mauvaise tête).
Background
This classic tale of an innocent wrongly condemned, is presented in the tight-paced and "cinematic" storytelling that is typical of Franquin's strongest work. The combination of energetic line style and noir tension sets a tone that, to some followers, marks the peak of the Spirou adventures.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Official site Spirou albums
Franquin site Spirou albums
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1957 graphic novels
1957 in comics
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
Scopula micara is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1901
micara
Moths of South America
Hucho ishikawae, the Korean taimen, is a species of salmonid fish found in the border region between North Korea and China, including the Am-nok or Yalu, Dok-ro, Weon-ju and Jang-jin Rivers. Monitoring of the species has been made very difficult because of the lack of access to the areas in which this species occurs and consequently it is rated as data deficient by the IUCN. It is found in flowing water and reaches up to in length. Like others of Hucho Genus this fish is an active predator.
References
Chyung, M.-K., 1977. The fishes of Korea. Il Ji Sa Publishing Co. Seoul, Korea. 727 p.
ishikawae
Fauna of North Korea
Freshwater fish of China
Fish described in 1928
Taxa named by Tamezo Mori
Egypt–New Zealand refers to the current and historical relations between Egypt and New Zealand.
History
Egypt and New Zealand share a brief common history in the fact that both nations formed part of the British Empire. The first official contact between Egypt and New Zealand was during World War I when in October 1914, troops from the New Zealand Expeditionary Force landed in Egypt and assisted in repulsing an Ottoman attack on the Suez Canal in February 1915. During the war, New Zealand forces partook in the Senussi Campaign and Sinai and Palestine Campaigns. After the war, in February 1922, Egypt obtained its independence from the United Kingdom after the issuance of the Unilateral Declaration of Egyptian Independence.
During World War II, New Zealand forces returned to Egypt to fight against both German and Italian incursions in Egypt and known as the Western Desert Campaign. In May 1941, New Zealand Prime Minister Peter Fraser paid a visit to Egypt to visit with their country's troops and personnel. New Zealand troops partook in several battles within Egypt including the first and second Battles of El Alamein in 1942 which turned the tide of the North African wars and ended the Axis threat to Egypt and the Suez Canal.
In 1947, New Zealand obtained its independence from the United Kingdom after the passing of the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act. In 1974, diplomatic relations were established between Egypt and New Zealand and in 1975, Egypt opened an embassy in Wellington, however, the Egyptian embassy was closed in 1988 after New Zealand did not reciprocate the gesture. In November 2007, during a visit of Prime Minister Helen Clark to Egypt, New Zealand opened an embassy in Cairo. Egypt opened an Embassy in Wellington in 2014.
Since 1981, New Zealand has been a member of the Multinational Force and Observers, whose mission is to supervise the implementation of the security provisions of the Egypt–Israel peace treaty signed in 1979. There are currently 28 New Zealand soldiers based in Egypt. In February 2011, New Zealand evacuated its citizens from Egypt after the removal of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak during the Arab Spring. In January 2015, New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully visited Egypt and met with President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.
Trade
In 2015, trade between Egypt and New Zealand totaled US$341 million. Egypt's main exports to New Zealand include: vehicles, apparel, carpets and fertilizer. New Zealand exports to Egypt include: Dairy products, eggs, honey, edible products and products of animal origin. Egypt is New Zealand's third largest trading partner in Africa.
Resident diplomatic missions
Egypt has an embassy in Wellington.
New Zealand has an embassy in Cairo.
See also
Egyptian New Zealanders
Māori Battalion
References
New Zealand
Bilateral relations of New Zealand
Karchevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 20 as of 2002.
Geography
Karchevskaya is located 38 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yakinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
was the 3rd daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Izumo-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Nobunao was the eldest son of Mizoguchi Nobukatsu and was born in Shibata. They became daimyō in 1628 on the death of their father. Shortly afterwards, they were called upon by the shogunate to repair a portion of the ramparts of Edo Castle. In 1633, the Agano River burst its banks and they were called upon to contract new dikes and flood control works. They accompanied Shōgun Tokugawa Iemitsu on their trip to Kyoto and provided soldiers for enhanced security at Edo Castle during the Shimabara Rebellion. Following the attainder of Katō Akinari from Aizu Domain in 1643, they were assigned to take possession of Aizuwakamatsu Castle on behalf of the shogunate. They were later appointed Osaka kaban. The domain suffered during this time from flooding, followed by a great fire, and the domain's Edo residence also burned down during the Great fire of Meireki in 1657. Despite these disasters, they were able to lay out the Shimizu-en gardens in Shibata, and to also develop flood control projects for the Shibata River. they retired in 1672, and died in Edo 1676, leaving a domain in fiscal exhaustion. Their grave is at the temple of Shōtō-ji in what is now Taitō, Tokyo, which they founded.
Nobunao was married to a daughter of Inaba Kazumichi of Usuki Domain, and after they death remarried to a daughter of Morikawa Shigetoshi of Oyumi Domain. They had 3 sons and 4 daughters.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1605 births
1676 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
Ballindrait railway station served the village of Ballindrait in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 January 1909 when the County Donegal Railways Joint Committee built the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway from Strabane to Letterkenny.
It closed on 1 January 1960.
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1909
Railway stations closed in 1960
The Poland national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Poland and is controlled by the Polish Football Association.
This team is for Polish players aged 21 or under at the start of a two-year European Under-21 Football Championship campaign, so players can be, and often are, up to 23 years old.
The performance of Poland in the U-21 Euro is used to decide if Poland can qualify for the Summer Olympics. Since the team's foundation, Poland only managed to qualify once, the 1992 Summer Olympics thanked for having the best coefficence point among losing quarter-finalists in the 1992 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, but managed to finish second in the tournament.
Competitive record
*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Gold background colour indicates that the tournament was won.
Silver background colour indicates second place finish.
Bronze background colour indicates third place finish.
Red border color indicates tournament was held on home soil.
UEFA European U-21 Championship
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship
2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification
Results and fixtures
Players
Current squad
Players born in or after 2002 are eligible for the 2025 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
The following players were selected for the friendly matches against Greece and Latvia on 23 and 27 September 2022.
Caps and goals updated as of 27 September 2022, after the match against . Names in italics denote players who have been capped for the senior team.
Recent call-ups
The following players (born in 2002 or later) have previously been called up to the Poland under-21 squad in the last 12 months and are still eligible to represent:
Coaching history
Note: List is not complete
1972–1974 – Andrzej Strejlau
1974–1975 – Ryszard Kulesza (U-21)
1975–1978 – Ryszard Kulesza (U-23)
1979–1982 – Waldemar Obrębski
1983–1986 – Edmund Zientara
1987–1989 – Bogusław Hajdas
1990–1992 – Janusz Wójcik
1992–1994 – Wiktor Stasiuk
1994–1995 – Mieczysław Broniszewski
1996–1997 – Edward Lorens
1998–1999 – Paweł Janas
2000–2001 – Lesław Ćmikiewicz
2002–2003 – Edward Klejndinst
2004–2005 – Władysław Żmuda
2006–2010 – Andrzej Zamilski
2011–2012 – Stefan Majewski
2013–2017 – Marcin Dorna
2017–2020 – Czesław Michniewicz
2020–2022 – Maciej Stolarczyk
2022–present – Michał Probierz
See also
Poland national football team
Poland Olympic football team
Poland national under-20 football team
Poland national under-19 football team
Poland national under-18 football team
Poland national under-17 football team
Poland national under-16 football team
References
Notes
External links
UEFA Under-21 website
European national under-21 association football teams
U
"Only the Light" is a song sung and written by Rikki (Richard Peebles) who performed the song at the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, representing the . It featured backing performance vocals from Catherine "Katie" Budd who had won Opportunity Knocks in 1977. The song placed at No. 96 on the UK Singles Chart.
Charts
References
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1987
1987 in the United Kingdom
1987 singles
1987 songs
Carol Elspeth Goodeve Brayne CBE is a British academic and the Professor of Public Health Medicine at the University of Cambridge and Chair of Wellcome's Population and Public Health Review Group.  They are Director of the Cambridge Institute of Public Health.  They are a special advisor for the Royal College of Physicians and a senior investigator at the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR).
Brayne has a degree in medicine from the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London.
In the 2017 Birthday Honours, Brayne was made a CBE, "For services to Public Health Medicine".
Selected publications
Age-Associated White Matter Lesions: The MRC Cognitive Function and Ageing Study. Wharton SB, Simpson JE, Brayne C, Ince PG. Brain Pathol. 2015 Jan;25(1):35–43.
Potential for primary prevention of Alzheimer's disease: an analysis of population-based data. Norton S, Matthews FE, Barnes DE, Yaffe K, Brayne C. Lancet Neurol. 2014 Aug;13(8):788-94.
Adapting to dementia in society: a challenge for our lifetimes and a charge for public health. D'Alton S, Hunter S, Whitehouse P, Brayne C, George D. J Alzheimers Dis. 2014;42(4):1151–63.
Dementia prediction for people with stroke in populations: is mild cognitive impairment a useful concept? Stephan BC, Minett T, Muniz Terrera G, Matthews FE, Brayne C. Age. 2015 Jan;44(1):78–83.
Reporting standards for studies of diagnostic test accuracy in dementia: The STARDdem Initiative. Noel-Storr AH, McCleery JM, Richard E, Ritchie CW, Flicker L, Cullum SJ, Davis D, Quinn TJ, Hyde C, Rutjes AW, Smailagic N, Marcus S, Black S, Blennow K, Brayne C, Fiorivanti M, Johnson JK, Köpke S, Schneider LS, Simmons A, Mattsson N, Zetterberg H, Bossuyt PM, Wilcock G, McShane R. Neurology. 2014 Jul 22;83(4):364-73.
Gene-wide analysis detects two new susceptibility genes for Alzheimer's disease. Escott-Price V, Bellenguez C, Wang LS, ... Brayne C, ... Amouyel P, Williams J; Cardiovascular Health Study (CHS). PLoS One. 2014 Jun 12;9(6):e94661.
DNA damage response and senescence in endothelial cells of human cerebral cortex and relation to Alzheimer's neuropathology progression: a population-based study in the Medical Research Council Cognitive Function and Ageing Study (MRC-CFAS) cohort. Garwood CJ, Simpson JE, Al Mashhadi S, Axe C, Wilson S, Heath PR, Shaw PJ, Matthews FE, Brayne C, Ince PG, Wharton SB; MRC Cognitive Function and Ageing Study. Neuropathol Appl Neurobiol. 2014 Dec;40(7):802-14.
Brain haemosiderin in older people: pathological evidence for an ischaemic origin of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) microbleeds. Janaway BM, Simpson JE, Hoggard N, Highley JR, Forster G, Drew D, Gebril OH, Matthews FE, Brayne C, Wharton SB, Ince PG; MRC Cognitive Function and Ageing Neuropathology Study. Neuropathol Appl Neurobiol. 2014 Apr;40(3):258-69.
Health economic evaluation of treatments for Alzheimer's disease: impact of new diagnostic criteria. Wimo A, Ballard C, Brayne C, Gauthier S, Handels R, Jones RW, Jonsson L, Khachaturian AS, Kramberger M. J Intern Med. 2014 Mar;275(3):304-16.
Health-related quality of life in the Cambridge City over-75s Cohort (CC75C): development of a dementia-specific scale and descriptive analyses. Perales J, Cosco TD, Stephan BC, Fleming J, Martin S, Haro JM, Brayne C; CC75C Study. BMC Geriatr. 2014 Feb 10;14:18.
C-reactive protein, APOE genotype and longitudinal cognitive change in an older population. Lima TA, Adler AL, Minett T, Matthews FE, Brayne C, Marioni RE; Medical Research Council Cognitive Function and Ageing Study. Age. 2014 Mar;43(2):289-92.
Cardiovascular disease contributes to Alzheimer's disease: evidence from large-scale genome-wide association studies. Liu G, Yao L, Liu J, Jiang Y, Ma G; Genetic and Environmental Risk for Alzheimer's disease (GERAD1) Consortium, Chen Z, Zhao B, Li K. Neurobiol Aging. 2014 Apr;35(4):786-92.
COSMIC (Cohort Studies of Memory in an International Consortium): an international consortium to identify risk and protective factors and biomarkers of cognitive ageing and dementia in diverse ethnic and sociocultural groups. Sachdev PS, Lipnicki DM, Kochan NA, Crawford JD, Rockwood K, Xiao S, Li J, Li X, Brayne C, Matthews FE, Stephan BC, Lipton RB, Katz MJ, Ritchie K, Carrière I, Ancelin ML, Seshadri S, Au R, Beiser AS, Lam LC, Wong CH, Fung AW, Kim KW, Han JW, Kim TH, Petersen RC, Roberts RO, Mielke MM, Ganguli M, Dodge HH, Hughes T, Anstey KJ, Cherbuin N, Butterworth P, Ng TP, Gao Q, Reppermund S, Brodaty H, Meguro K, Schupf N, Manly J, Stern Y, Lobo A, Lopez-Anton R, Santabárbara J; COSMIC. BMC Neurol. 2013 Nov 6;13:165.
Meta-analysis of 74,046 individuals identifies 11 new susceptibility loci for Alzheimer's disease. Lambert JC, Ibrahim-Verbaas CA, Harold D, ... Brayne C, ... Williams J, Schellenberg GD, Amouyel P. Nat Genet. 2013 Dec;45(12):1452-8.
Neuroimaging standards for research into small vessel disease and its contribution to ageing and neurodegeneration. Wardlaw JM, Smith EE, Biessels GJ, Cordonnier C, Fazekas F, Frayne R, Lindley RI, O'Brien JT, Barkhof F, Benavente OR, Black SE, Brayne C, Breteler M, Chabriat H, Decarli C, de Leeuw FE, Doubal F, Duering M, Fox NC, Greenberg S, Hachinski V, Kilimann I, Mok V, Oostenbrugge Rv, Pantoni L, Speck O, Stephan BC, Teipel S, Viswanathan A, Werring D, Chen C, Smith C, van Buchem M, Norrving B, Gorelick PB, Dichgans M; STandards for ReportIng Vascular changes on nEuroimaging (STRIVE v1). Lancet Neurol. 2013 Aug;12(8):822-38.
References
Public health researchers
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of London
Fellows of Darwin College, Cambridge
NIHR Senior Investigators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sylvia Kauders (née Wolinsky; December 1, 1921 – May 5, 2016) was an American actor.
Early life and education
Kauders was born Sylvia Wolinsky to Russian immigrants, Morris and Sadie (née Pincus) Wolinsky, in Philadelphia, and grew up in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. When their father died while they were only ten, Kauders' mother ran a grocery store. Kauders attended Upper Darby High School and in 1942 graduated from the University of Pennsylvania.
Career
Kauders worked in a variety of roles before committing in their 60s to a career in acting. Following college graduation they worked in radio and television. They produced and moderated the television program Under Billy Penn's Hat. They later accepted a job as special events director with the City of Philadelphia and worked with five different mayors, organizing events and hosting celebrities and dignitaries. Following their public sector work, and their retirement, from the City of Philadelphia, they started their own public relations firm. For their Wednesday Is for Women campaign, which brought more women to work at City Hall, they became the first woman inducted into the Philadelphia Public Relations Association Hall of Fame.
At the age of 57, in 1977, they decided to seriously pursue an acting career and establish themselves in New York City.
Them Broadway debut took place in 1982 in Harvey Fierstein's Torch Song Trilogy as Mrs. Beckoff, the role originated by Estelle Getty. With their role in Jewish Repertory Theater's production of Crossing Delancey, they became known as an "entirely lovable Bubbie, (Yiddish For grandmother), a peppery lady whose charm is a mask for a determination to carry out their schemes, " according to New York Times theater critic, Richard F Shepard.
Them film credits include roles in American Splendor; Analyze That (2002); Predator 2 (1990), City Hall (1996). Woody Allen tapped them for two of their films, Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989) and Manhattan Murder Mystery (1993). Also in 1993, Sylvia co-starred, (Small Roll), opposite Michael Keaton, Nicole Kidman, and Michael Constantine, and Bradley Whitford, In “My Life,” (as Keaton's character's Aunt). Them last films were Inside Llewyn Davis (2013) and Love the Coopers (2015).
Kauders appeared in dozens of television shows, including Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, and in the HBO series The Sopranos, in the final season, as a foul-mouthed old neighborhood lady, who seeks Tony's help with “fixing the neighborhood.”.
Personal life and death
Them husband, Randle Morgan Kauders, predeceased them after 48 years of marriage. The couple had no children. They died on May 5, 2016, of a heart attack at the age of 94.
Partial filmography
Witness (1985) - Tourist Lady
Armed and Dangerous (1986) - Older Woman at Party
Sticky Fingers (1988) - Francis
Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989) - Seder Guest
Predator 2 (1990) - Ruth
Age Isn't Everything (1991)
This Is My Life (1992) - Evelyn
Manhattan Murder Mystery (1993) - Neighbor
My Life (1993) - Aunt Tekla
City Hall (1996) - Gussie
XXL (1997) - Secrétaire
Meschugge (1998) - Sarah Singer
Judy Berlin (1999) - Woman on Bench
Love the Hard Way (2001) - Mrs. Rosenberg
Mr. Deeds (2002) - Sue, the Bench Woman
Analyze That (2002) - Aunt Esther
American Splendor (2003) - Old Jewish Lady
Imaginary Heroes (2004) - Hattie
Building Girl (2005) - Mrs. Rochen
The Last New Yorker (2007) - Miriam Weiss
The Wrestler (2008) - Hudson Acres Lady at Deli Counter
The Answer Man (2009) - Old Woman
Today's Special (2009) - Restaurant Patron
According to Greta (2009) - Mrs. Wocheski
Man on a Ledge (2012) - Angry Traffic Woman
The Big Wedding (2013) - Elderly Wife
Peeples (2013) - Mrs. Davis
Inside Llewyn Davis (2013) - Ginny
Love the Coopers (2015) - Sara (final film role)
References
1921 births
2016 deaths
Actresses from Philadelphia
American public relations people
American film actores
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American stage actores
Jewish American actores
University of Pennsylvania alumni
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
21st-century American Jews
Cao Văn Triền (born 18 June 1993) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sài Gòn.
Career
Cao started their career with Vietnamese second division side Khánh Hòa, helping them achieve promotion to the Vietnamese top flight.
Before the 2017 season, they signed for Sài Gòn in the Vietnamese top flight.
In 2021, Cao will sign for Japanese club FC Ryukyu.
References
External links
Cao Văn Triền at SAIGON FC
People from Bình Định province
Vietnamese footballers
V.League 1 players
Living people
Association football midfielders
1993 births
Ruska Mihaylova Manuilova (1879–1949) or better known as their stage pseudonym – Roza Popova, was a Bulgarian actor and theater director and the wife of the Bulgarian writer Chicho Stoyan.
Biography
Early life and debut
Roza Popova was born in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1879. They married in secret a little past their 16th birthday.
They studied theatrical arts under the direction of Konstantin Sapunov. During their high school education, they found their passion of acting and joined the traveling theatrical troupe "Zora". In 1897, Roza Popova makes their debut with their role of Sophia in "Iskreno Priyatelstvo" by Sardu in Veliko Tarnovo, the old capital of Bulgaria.
However, official records state that their first major role and debut was in the play by Victor Hugo – Lucrezia Borgia (play) in the role of Lucrezia, with the collaboration of the most successful Bulgarian troupe – "Salza i Smyah". They then proceeded to play in the troupe alongside their husband, leading the troupe themselves between 1900 and 1902. Afterward, they joined the Croatian troupe of M. Stoikovich.
Middle years
In 1900 they were stalked by their admirer Todor Bogdanov, who was their teacher from Vratsa. On January 20, 1903, they shot them and himself, and died. They regained their strength despite the bad wound. They were also released from the service of the theater in the same year.
In the period between 1904 and 1906, they joined the troupe in Plovdiv.
The next town they went to was Vienna, where they studied literature and medicine in the Vienna University. During 1910 they were appointed as the first director in the Ruse theater.
In 1918 they founded their own theater "Roza Popova".
Theater roles
Major theatre roles in which Roza Popova acted:
Antigone - "Antigone" by Sophocles;
Medea - "Medea" from Leguve;
Vela and Malama - "Vampire" by Anton Strashimirov;
Margarita Gauthier – "The Lady with the Camellias" by Alexandre Dumas-son;
Sappho – "Sappho" by Grillpartzer;
Sonya and Elena Andreevna – "Uncle Vanyo" by Anton Chekhov
In 1926, Teodor Trayanov devotes a poem "Skitnishki napev" to them
References
1879 births
1949 deaths
Get Rich or Die Tryin' is a 2003 album by American rapper 50 Cent.
Get Rich or Die Tryin' may also refer to:
Get Rich or Die Tryin' (film), 2005 crime drama starring 50 Cent
''Get Rich or Die Tryin''' (soundtrack), the film's soundtrack
William Lester Banks (April 2, 1911 - November 2, 1986) was an American leader during the Civil Rights Movement. They served as executive director of the Virginia section of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in their native Virginia from 1943-1976.
Early and family life
Banks was born in Lunenburg County, Virginia, to William Walter Banks and Daisy Hill Banks. Their family moved to nearby West Virginia when they were a child. They attended public schools in Alderson in Greenbrier County and Bluefield in Mercer County. They attended Bluefield State College, that state's first college serving African Americans (founded 1895) and graduated with a major in physical science.
Banks returned to Virginia, in 1935 taking a teaching job in Halifax County, and also served as that nonwhite school's principal. They then became a principal of Ruthville High School for African Americans in Charles City County, Virginia.
In 1940, Banks married Vera Louise Bowman of Charlotte County, Virginia; they had one daughter.
Career
The NAACP had been fighting racial discrimination in Virginia, and the Banks family were members. In 1942, Oliver W. Hill, a Virginia native and NAACP lawyer who had recently won a lawsuit requiring equal pay for black teachers in Norfolk, met Banks, then a principal, about filing a similar lawsuit in Charles City County. However, before the lawsuit could actually be filed, both were drafted (although Hill was then 36 years old and seemed too old to be drafted). Thus, both served in the U.S. Army during World War II. Banks became a sergeant and served in the Pacific Theatre.
Shortly after they both returned from their wartime service, Banks agreed to serve as Executive Director of the NAACP's Virginia chapter, which was the largest in the county. The chapter's original president, Dr. Jesse Tinsley, had a dental practice (and several others held the office after 1954) and Hill had a legal practice, so Banks handled the chapter's day-to-day activities. The chapter had a very active legal arm, filing lawsuits against segregated public transportation, and later against Virginia's historic underfunding of black schools compared to schools serving only white children (the Virginia Constitution adopted in 1902 required segregated schools).
Banks became heavily involved in school desegregation efforts, including in Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County, filed in 1951 and which became a companion case to Brown v. Board of Education. After U.S. Senator Harry F. Byrd declared a policy of Massive Resistance to Brown (which led to schools closing in several Virginia Communities and remaining closed for five years in Prince Edward County), two Virginia legislative committees (headed by John B. Boatwright and James M. Thomson) took aim at the NAACP, seeking both to force disclosure of its membership lists (which could lead to retaliation) and to curtail efforts by Banks and others to recruit plaintiffs. Before those committees became active, in the spring of 1956, Banks claimed the NAACP had 84,000 members in the state, divided among 107 branches (of 72,063 "Negroes" registered and qualified as voters of 827,835 voters in the state for the January 6, 1956 referendum on the tuition grants in the Stanley Plan). Charles City County (his base and where many blacks had paid the poll tax and voted), voted against the proposed tuition grants (which supported segregation academies), unlike the rest of the Commonwealth. Banks became an important witness in the ultimately successful NAACP efforts to strike down those laws, showing the organization's membership dropped precipitously after the state legislative committees subpoenaed NAACP membership lists. Banks also consistently sat with the organization's white attorneys in Virginia courthouses, thus helping desegregate them. The United States Supreme Court ultimately reversed all those anti-NAACP laws in Scull v. Virginia ex rel. Committee on Law Reform and Racial Activities (1959) and NAACP v. Button (1963).
Despite the hatred expressed by some white Virginians for the NAACP, Banks drove around the state in a car with a NAACP sticker, and was not afraid to act alone. They were arrested for trespass on October 17, 1961 in Lynchburg, after they sought and was refused service in the "Whites Only" section of the Norfolk and Western Railway Company restaurant. In 1963, a white sawmill worker assaulted Banks for sitting in the white section of a Charlotte County restaurant. Banks was also involved in the sit-ins by Virginia Union University students (where Dean Thomas Henderson also supported desegregation efforts).
Death and legacy
Banks retired on December 31, 1976 and the following year moved with their wife to California where their daughter lived with their family. They died of kidney and heart failure in an Ingleside, California hospital in 1986, and was buried at Inglewood Park Cemetery.
The Virginia NAACP honored Banks at its conference celebrating Brown's 59th anniversary, shortly before their death, and in 1992 posthumously awarded them its Civil Rights Emancipation Emeritus Award.
References
1911 births
1986 deaths
People from Lunenburg County, Virginia
African-American people in Virginia politics
Activists for African-American civil rights
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
20th-century African-American people
The 2017–18 Swiss Cup is the 93rd season of Switzerland's annual football cup competition. The competition started on 12 August 2017 with the first games of Round 1 and ended on 27 May 2018 with the final. FC Basel were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the semi-finals by BSC Young Boys.
Participating clubs
All teams from 2015–16 Super League and 2015–16 Challenge League as well as the top 4 teams from 2016–17 Promotion League automatically entered this year's competition. The remaining 41 teams had to qualify through separate qualifying rounds within their leagues. Reserve teams and teams from Liechtenstein are not allowed in the competition, the latter only enter the 2017–18 Liechtenstein Cup.
Teams in bold are still active in the competition.
TH titleholders.
Round 1
Teams from Super League and Challenge League were seeded in this round. In a match, the home advantage was granted to the team from the lower league, if applicable. Teams in bold continue to the next round of the competition.
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|12 August 2017
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|13 August 2017
|}
Source: Swiss Football Association
Round 2
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|15 September 2017
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|16 September 2017
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|17 September 2017
|}
Source: Swiss Football Association
Round 3
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|24 October 2017
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|25 October 2017
|-
| colspan="3" style="background:#9cc;"|26 October 2017
|}
Source: Swiss Football Association
Quarter-finals
The matches were played on 29 and 30 November 2017.
Semi-finals
The winners of Quarter finals play in the Semi finals, there is no home advantage granted in the draw. Matches will be played on 27 and 28 February 2018.
Final
The winners of the semifinals play in the Final. The match will be played on 27 May 2018 at the Stade de Suisse in Bern.
References
External links
Official site
Official site
Official site
Swiss Cup seasons
Swiss Cup
Cup
Javier Guerra (born 7 December 1954) is a Mexican water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Mexican male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Mexico
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Augustine "Og" Mandino II (December 12, 1923 – September 3, 1996) was an American author. They wrote the bestselling book The Greatest Salesman in the World. Their books have sold over 50 million copies and have been translated into over 25 languages. They were the president of Success Unlimited magazine until 1976 and was inducted into the National Speakers Association's Hall of Fame.
Life and career
According to the 1930 U.S. Census, Mandino was born in Natick, Massachusetts, on December 12, 1923, to parents Silvio and Margaret Mandino. They were named Augustine after their Italian paternal grandfather.
Mandino was once the editor of their high school paper and planned to attend the University of Missouri's journalism school. In 1940, before they entered college, their mother died from a massive heart attack. They decided to work in a paper factory until 1942. Afterward, they joined the United States Army Air Corps where they became a military officer and a bombardier. They flew for 30 bombing missions over Germany on board a B-24 Liberator during World War II. During this time, they flew with fellow pilot and movie star James Stewart.
After their military duties, Mandino became an insurance salesperson. One wintry November morning in Cleveland, they contemplated committing suicide. But as they sorted through several books in a library, volumes of self-help, success and motivation books captured their attention. They selected some titles, went to a table and began reading. They followed their visit to the library with more visits to many other libraries around the United States. They read hundreds of books that dealt with success, a pastime that helped them alleviate their alcoholism. It was in a library in Concord, New Hampshire, where they found W. Clement Stone's classic, Success Through a Positive Mental Attitude, a book that changed Mandino's life.
The author's biographical information with this book indicated that Stone was the owner of the Combined Insurance Company. Mandino decided to obtain a sales position with the company when they were 32 years old. Within a year, Mandino was promoted to sales manager and breaking sales records. A pamphlet that they wrote concerning sales in rural markets got them a job in promotional writing and a position on W. Clement Stone's magazine Success Unlimited. By 1966, Mandino was Executive Editor of the magazine and helped edit an anthology of articles from the magazine, A Treasury of Success Unlimited.
Mandino eventually became a successful writer and speaker. Their works were inspired by the Bible and influenced by Napoleon Hill, W. Clement Stone, and Emmet Fox. They were inducted into the National Speakers Association Speaker Hall of Fame.
Philosophy
Mandino's main philosophical message is that every person on earth is a miracle and should choose to direct their life with confidence and congruent to the laws that govern abundance. They claimed that all successful people take on their own lives by "charting" or consciously choosing both the desired destination and the path to reach it.
Writings
A Treasury of Success Unlimited (Editor, Hawthorn Books, 1966)
The Greatest Salesman in the World (Frederick Fell, 1968; includes The Ten Ancient Scrolls for Success. Re-branded as an illustrated children's book The Greatest Gift in the World, Frederick Fell, 1976)
U.S. in a Nutshell (Hawthorn, 1971)
Cycles: the Mysterious Forces that Trigger Events (E.R. Dewey with Mandino, Hawthorn, 1971)
The Greatest Secret In The World (Frederick Fell, 1972)
The Greatest Miracle In The World (Frederick Fell, 1975; includes The God Memorandum)
The Gift Of Acabar (with Buddy Kaye, Lippincott, 1978)
The Christ Commission (Lippincott, 1980; speculative fiction novel)
The Greatest Success In The World (Bantam, 1981)
Og Mandino's University of Success (Bantam, 1982; compilation of other works)
The Choice (Bantam, 1984)
Mission: Success! (Bantam, 1986)
The Greatest Salesman In The World Part II: The End Of The Story (Bantam, 1988)
A Better Way To Live (Bantam, 1990; Best-Seller)
The Return Of The Ragpicker (Bantam, 1992; includes For the Rest of My Life ..., "a powerful declaration of self-affirmation that one could read in six minutes or less" (from The Greatest Mystery))
The Twelfth Angel (Ballantine, 1993)
The Spellbinder's Gift (Ballantine, 1994)
Secrets For Success And Happiness (Ballantine, 1995)
The Greatest Mystery in the World (Ballantine, 1997; includes Advice From Heaven: The Eight Rungs of Life's Ladder)
References
External links
Official website
1923 births
1996 deaths
American self-help writers
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
American writers of Italian descent
People from Framingham, Massachusetts
Writers from Massachusetts
Natick High School alumni
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Cheshmeh Khosrow or Chashmeh Khosrow or Chashmeh-ye Kosrow () may refer to:
Cheshmeh Khosrow, Kermanshah
Cheshmeh Khosrow, Razavi Khorasan
Irene van der Reijken (born 13 August 1993, Rotterdam) is a Dutch track and field athlete who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.
On June 3, 2021, they set their current personal best in the 3000 metres steeplechase of 9:27.38 during the 2021 Meeting Iberoamericano de Atletismo, which qualified them for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Personal Bests
Outdoor
3000 meter steeplechases - 9:27.38 (Huelva 4 June 2021) "NR"
References
Dutch female steeplechase runners
1993 births
Living people
Athletes from Rotterdam
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Tang Yijun (; born March 1961) is a Chinese politician, and the current Minister of Justice. They formerly served as Governor of northeast China's Liaoning province. Prior to their transfer to Liaoning in October 2017, they spent their entire career in Zhejiang province. They were the mayor, then party chief of Ningbo.
Biography
Tang is considered native to Ju County, Shandong, but spent most of their life in Zhejiang. They joined the workforce in July 1977, working for communes in Qingtian County, Yongkang County, and Lishui County, shortly after the death of Mao. Between 1980 and 1984, shortly after economic reforms began, Tang was a clerical worker at the Lishui party school; they were admitted to the Zhejiang party school in 1984, and was assigned work in the propaganda department of Zhejiang.
In October 1985, Tang joined the Chinese Communist Party. In 1991, Tang began working for the General Office of the Zhejiang party committee under Li Zemin. In July 1997, they became secretary-general of the Zhoushan party organization. In June 2002, they were named secretary-general of the Zhejiang Commission for Discipline Inspection. In June 2005, they were named deputy party chief and Discipline Inspection secretary of Ningbo. In February 2010, they became the chief of the Political and Legal Affairs Commission of Ningbo. In February 2011, they were named chairperson of the Ningbo People's Political Consultative Conference.
In May 2016, Tang was named mayor of Ningbo.
In August 2016, they became Communist Party Secretary of Ningbo and a member of the Zhejiang provincial party standing committee. In May 2017, Tang was named deputy party chief of Zhejiang province. They served in the role for five months before being appointed as acting governor of Liaoning in October 2017. On April 29, 2020, they were appointed Minister of Justice, replacing Fu Zhenghua.
References
1961 births
Alternate members of the 19th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Shandong
People's Republic of China politicians from Shandong
Governors of Liaoning
Living people
Mayors of Ningbo
Ministers of Justice of the People's Republic of China
Siegfried Wortmann (later Wortman; 18 February 1907 – 21 December 1951) was an Austrian football (soccer) inside forward who played professionally in Austria and the United States. They also earned one cap, scoring a goal, with the Austria national team in 1926.
Wortmann began their career with Hakoah Vienna as a youth player, but began seeing first team time during the 1923–1924 season. In 1924, they became a first team regular as Hakaoh won the 1925 Austrian League title. In 1926, Hakoah toured the United States. Impressed by the high pay and relatively low anti-Semitism compared to the Austrian league, Wortmann and several of their teammates moved to the American Soccer League. In 1927, they signed with the New York Nationals, winning the 1928 National Challenge Cup with the Nationals. Wortmann scored the lone Nationals goal in the 1-1 first game tie with Ben Millers. In the replay, Wortmann again scored as the Nationals easily disposed of the Ben Millers, 3-0. In 1929, they moved to the Hakoah All-Stars, playing four seasons with them. As the ASL began to collapse in 1931, Wortmann returned to Austria to sign with First Vienna FC, winning the 1932–1933 Austrian League title. They returned to the United States in 1933, this time permanently, and joined Brookhattan of the second American Soccer League, playing until their retirement in 1936. After their retirement, they owned a clothing store in the United States.
National team
Wortmann earned their lone cap with the Austria national team in a 2-1 win over Czechoslovakia on September 18, 1926. They scored Austria's second, and game-winning, goal.
Later life
Wortmann, who was Jewish, later worked as a garment salesperson in New York. They changed the spelling of their name to Wortman when applying for citizenship in 1935. They married Frieda Roth in Austria in 1933, prior to moving to the United States. They had a son, Allan Sheldon (Pomerance) Wortman, born in New York in 1938. They died in Manhattan, only 44.
References
1907 births
1951 deaths
Footballers from Vienna
Jewish Austrian sportspeople
Jewish footballers
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Austrian emigrants to the United States
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
First Vienna FC players
Hakoah All-Stars players
New York Brookhattan players
New York Nationals (ASL) players
SC Hakoah Wien footballers
Association football forwards
The 1977–78 Scottish First Division season was won by Morton, who were promoted along with Heart of Midlothian to the Premier Division. Alloa Athletic and East Fife were relegated to the Second Division.
Table
References
Scottish First Division seasons
2
Scot
The 2nd National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on Thursday, June 17, 1926, sponsored by the Louisville Courier-Journal. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was Pauline Bell, age 13, who attended a one-room schoolhouse in Clarkson, Kentucky. They correctly spelled the word cerise. Second place was taken by Betty Robinson of South Bend, Indiana, who would win the 4th bee in 1928, but spelled "cerise" as "cereaso" this time, and third went to Dorothy Casey of St. Louis.
There were 25 spellers this year – 17 girls and 8 boys, a big jump from the nine spellers in the first Bee. The first prize was $1000, followed by $500 for second and $200 for third. The record number of Bee contestants was not broken until the 1941 bee.
Bell (married name Dunn) later attended Campbellsville Junior College and worked as a school teacher and social worker. They died in Bowling Green, Kentucky on December 17, 2010 at age 98.
References
02
1926 in Washington, D.C.
1926 in education
June 1926 events
In computational learning theory, the teaching dimension of a concept class C is defined to be , where is the minimum size of a witness set for c in C.
The teaching dimension of a finite concept class can be used to give a lower and an upper bound on the membership query cost of the concept class.
In Stasys Jukna's book "Extremal Combinatorics", a lower bound is given for the teaching dimension:
Let C be a concept class over a finite domain X. If the size of C is greater than
then the teaching dimension of C is greater than k.
References
Computational learning theory
Real Things is the third album by Belgian/Dutch Eurodance act 2 Unlimited, released in 1994. It was the band's second number one album in the UK and despite spending just nine weeks in the UK Albums Chart Top 75, it was certified gold there and platinum in The Netherlands. "The Real Thing", "Here I Go", "No One" and "Nothing Like the Rain" were released as singles. Unlike their previous album, Ray Slijngaard's raps on the verses were not cut for the UK release.
Critical reception
Generally, the music press were kinder to this album than previous album No Limits!. In their review of this album, Smash Hits''' Mark Sutherland stated that "every song is a potential top 10 record" and that "for techno [...] mayhem, you can't beat Real Things''".
Track listing
"The Real Thing" – 3:40
"Do What I Like" – 4:07
"Here I Go" – 5:10
"Burning Like Fire" – 4:54
"Info Superhighway" – 4:35
"Hypnotised" – 4:22
"Tuning Into Something Wild" – 4:05
"Escape In Music" – 3:52
"Sensuality" – 4:27
"No One" – 3:25
"Face To Face" – 4:03
"What's Mine Is Mine" – 4:57
"Nothing Like the Rain" – 4:39
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
2 Unlimited – primary artist
Peter Bauwens – arranger, producer, vocal arrangement
Peter Bulkens – mixing
Jean-Paul DeCoster – arranger, executive producer, producer
Andy Janssens – remixing
Phil Wilde – arranger, composer, engineer, producer
Certifications and sales
References
1994 albums
2 Unlimited albums
Byte Records albums
Mandari may refer to:
Mandari people, ethnic group of South Sudan, one of the Nilotic peoples
Mandari dialect, dialect of the Mandari people
Malayalam word for the disease of the eriophyid coconut mite Eriophyes guerreronis
Kenneth Douglas Schofield (born 3 February 1946) was the executive director of the European Tour from 1975 to 2004.
Schofield was born and raised in Perthshire, Scotland. They entered the banking profession at the age of 23.
On 1 January 1975, Schofield became executive director of the European Tour, replacing John Jacobs. They served in that capacity until the end of 2004. During their tenure, the tour grew from 17 events to 45, expanded around the world, and added the Challenge Tour and European Seniors Tour.
Schofield was appointed CBE in the 1996 Birthday Honours and awarded the Ambassador of Golf Award by the PGA Tour in 2006 and was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2013.
Their sporting interests extend to soccer and cricket. In 2007 they were appointed to chair an ECB committee to review why the previous winter's Ashes tour of Australia by the England cricket team had been a failure. The ECB subsequently endorsed 17 of the committee's 19 recommendations.
References
External links
Golf administrators
World Golf Hall of Fame inductees
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Presidents of Surrey County Cricket Club
People from Perthshire
1946 births
Living people
The Tom Smith House is a historic house on Arkansas Highway 74, east of Elkins, Arkansas in Washington County. It is a single-story brick structure, with a side gable roof, end chimneys, and a four-bay front facade. The bricks, which were locally made, are four courses deep, and end in a cornice shaped out of S-shaped molded bricks, an extremely rare detail. The front facade is asymmetrically arranged, with two doors in the center bays and sash windows in the outer bays. Built c. 1834, it is a rare regional example of late Georgian architecture, and is historically significant for its builder, Thomas Smith, who was one of the earliest white settlers of the area. The house stands behind a more recent (c. 1900) frame house on more than of land on the north side of AR 74.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1834
Houses in Washington County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Arkansas
Georgian Revival architecture in Arkansas
1834 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Laher () is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Olivehill, also known as Olive Hill, is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee. Olivehill is located on U.S. Route 64 and Tennessee State Route 15, east of Savannah and west of Waynesboro.
Until the 2000 census, Olive Hill was also a census county division (CCD) for the U.S. Census. In the 2010 U.S. Census, CCDs for Tennessee were converted to minor civil divisions (MCDs) based on county commissioner districts.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Andile Lucky Phehlukwayo (born 3 March 1996) is a South African professional cricketer.  They are a left handed lower order batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium. They made their international debut for South Africa in September 2016.
Early life
Phehlukwayo won a bursary to Glenwood High School in Durban for field hockey. They were introduced to cricket by their guardian Rosemary Dismore, who employed their mother as a domestic worker.
Early and domestic career
In January 2014, Phehlukwayo was named in South Africa's 15-man squad for the 2014 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Phehlukwayo was included in the KwaZulu-Natal cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup.
In August 2017, Phehlukwayo was named in Jo'burg Giants' squad for the first season of the T20 Global League. However, in October 2017, Cricket South Africa initially postponed the tournament until November 2018, with it being cancelled soon after.
In September 2018, Phehlukwayo was named in KwaZulu-Natal's squad for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup. They were the leading wicket-taker for KwaZulu-Natal in the tournament, with ten dismissals in four matches.
In October 2018, Phehlukwayo was named in Cape Town Blitz's squad for the first edition of the Mzansi Super League T20 tournament. In September 2019, they were named in the squad for the Durban Heat team for the 2019 Mzansi Super League tournament. In April 2021, they were named in KwaZulu-Natal's squad, ahead of the 2021–22 cricket season in South Africa.
On 27 March 2022, in Division One of the 2021–22 CSA One-Day Cup, Phehlukwayo scored their first century in List A cricket, with 100 not out.
International career
In September 2016, Phehlukwayo was named in South Africa's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Australia. They made their ODI debut for South Africa against Ireland on 25 September 2016. In January 2017, they were included in South Africa's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Sri Lanka. They made their T20I debut for South Africa against Sri Lanka on 20 January 2017.
In June 2017, Phehlukwayo was named in South Africa's Test squad for their series against England, but they did not play. In September 2017, they were named in South Africa's Test squad for their series against Bangladesh. They made their Test debut for South Africa against Bangladesh on 28 September 2017.
In April 2019, Phehlukwayo was named in South Africa's 15-man squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup. On 23 June 2019, in the match against Pakistan, Phehlukwayo played in their 50th ODI. Following the World Cup, the International Cricket Council (ICC) named Phehlukwayo as the rising star of the squad.
In September 2021, Phehlukwayo was named as one of three reserve players in South Africa's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
South African cricketers
South Africa Test cricketers
South Africa One Day International cricketers
South Africa Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Durban
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
Dolphins cricketers
Cricketers at the 2019 Cricket World Cup
Mohamed Keshk (born 18 April 1980) is an Egyptian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1980 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Adoni Municipality is the local self-government in Adoni, a city in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is classified as a special grade municipality.
Administration
The municipality was formed in the year 1865. It is spread over an area of and has 41 municipal wards. The Elected Wing of the municipality consists of a municipal council, which has elected members and is headed by a Chairman. Whereas, the Executive Wing is headed by a municipal commissioner. The present municipal commissioner of the city is B.Sreekanth and the chairperson is Kuruba Sarojamma.
The municipality has approximately, 32,856–33,071 households. In 2013–14, the total income generated by the municipality was and the expenditure spent was .
Awards and achievements
The city is one among the 31 cities in the state to be a part of water supply and sewerage services mission known as Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT). In 2015, as per the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan of the Ministry of Urban Development, Adoni Municipality was ranked 148th in the country.
See also
List of municipalities in Andhra Pradesh
References
1865 establishments in India
Government agencies established in 1865
Urban local bodies in Andhra Pradesh
Lupghar Sar is 108th on the list of world tallest mountains. It is located in Shimshal valley of Hunza Gojal. It is part of the Momhail Sar cluster of mountains and has an elevation of above sea level. In Wakhi language Lupghar Sar translates as "the top of the big rock".
Climbing History
First Ascent: In 1979, the German brothers Hans and Sepp Gloggner reached the summit of Lupghar Sar West.
First Solo Ascent: On 7 July 2018, Austrian alpinist Hansjörg Auer (34) reached the summit of Lupghar Sar West following a line on the left side of the West Face to reach the steep North West Ridge, in a solo alpine style climb.
See also
List of mountains in Pakistan
References
Seven-thousanders of the Karakoram
Mountains of Gilgit-Baltistan
Francheville (; ) is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon, region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, eastern France.
Geography
Francheville is a western suburb of Lyon.
Surrounding communes
In the Metropolis of Lyon:
Craponne
Lyon
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon
Tassin-la-Demi-Lune
In the Rhône department:
Brindas
Chaponost
Transport
Several buses from the center of Lyon : Lines 14, 29, 30, C2O
Population
City partnerships
Hanau,
Loano,
Sites of interest
Château de Francheville, listed as a monument historique.
Fort du Bruissin, an old military fort
References
External links
Official site
Communes of Lyon Metropolis
Lyonnais
Thomas Hanford (July 22, 1621 – 1693) was a founding settler of Norwalk, Connecticut. They were the first minister in Norwalk, and continued in charge of the settlement's church for forty-one years, until their death in 1693. In addition to their spiritual leadership, they also served as the civic leader and school teacher of the settlement.
Early life and family
They were born in Fremington (near Barnstable), Devonshire, England, on July 22, 1621, the son of Theophilus Jeffrey Hanford and Eglin Hatherly.
Life in America
Their mother, Eglin Hatherly Hanford, with Thomas' sisters, Margaret and Elizabeth, departed from London aboard the ship Planter on April 8, 1635. They arrived in Boston on June 7, 1635.
Thomas followed their mother at a later time in order to finish their studies in England. However, it appears that they did not finish in England, as they completed their studies in Massachusetts Bay Colony with Charles Chauncy, who later became the second president of Harvard University.
By 1643, they were in Scituate, Massachusetts, which was founded by their mother's brother, Timothy Hatherly.
They became a freeman of Massachusetts in 1650. In 1651 they went to Roxbury, to teach school. They taught for four months, but became discouraged by their students and quit in June 1652, citing ill health.
Life in Norwalk
In 1652, Hanford, being "an orthodox and approved minister," was invited to join the settlement at Norwalk as the first minister of the First Congregational Church. They were ordained in Hartford on May 18, 1654. The town gave them a lot of four acres, and built them a house. They were also given an island by a Winnipauk Indian named Sagamore, which today is called Sheffield Island.
 They are listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founding settlers of Norwalk in the East Norwalk Historical Cemetery.
References
1621 births
1693 deaths
Burials in East Norwalk Historical Cemetery
Founding settlers of Norwalk, Connecticut
17th-century New England Puritan ministers
People from North Devon (district)
Settlers of Connecticut
People of colonial Connecticut
First settlers of New England
Fu Sheng (; 268–178 BC), also known as Master Fu (伏生), was a Chinese philosopher and writer. They were a Confucian scholar of the Qin and Western Han dynasties of ancient China, famous for saving the Confucian classic Shangshu (Book of Documents) from the book burning of the First Emperor of Qin. Fu Sheng is depicted in the Wu Shuang Pu (無雙譜, Table of Peerless Heroes) by Jin Guliang.
Biography
Fu Sheng was a native of Jinan prefecture (濟南, in present-day Zouping or Zhangqiu, Shandong province), and was said to be a descendant of the legendary ancient ruler Fu Xi. They were a boshi (博士, "erudite") of the Qin dynasty. In 213 BC the First Emperor of Qin ordered the Burning of Books and killed many Confucian scholars. Risking their lives, Fu Sheng hid a copy of the book in the walls of their house. They later escaped their hometown in the warfare that soon broke out and eventually ended the Qin dynasty. After the Han dynasty was established in 206 BC, Fu Sheng returned home and retrieved the scrolls. However, they were only able to recover 29 chapters; the rest (tens of chapters) had been lost to damage or decay. (Some scholars believe that Fu Sheng memorized the chapters instead of recovering them from the walls.)
According to Sima Qian's Records of the Grand Historian, when Emperor Wen of Han (r. 180–157 BC) searched the country for copies of the Shangshu, Fu Sheng was the only person who could produce one. As Fu was already over 90 years old and unable to travel, Emperor Wen dispatched the official Chao Cuo to study the Shangshu from him. Fu's daughter or granddaughter had to interpret the old man's words for the official. "The daughter's role was crucial because Fu Sheng spoke only the dialect of the ancient state of Qi, an idiom incomprehensible to the official charged with transcribing the text." Fu's other disciples, surnamed Ouyang and Zhang, also became masters of Shangshu. Master Ouyang's great-grandson (歐陽高) would later found one of the three main schools for the study of Shangshu. Kong Anguo, the scholar who later compiled the "old text" Shangshu, also studied with him.
The commentary Shangshu Dazhuan (尚書大傳, Amplification of the Shangshu) is traditionally attributed to Fu Sheng, but much of the work was probably done by their disciples and Zhang Sheng (both fl. 180–157 BC), or even later scholars.
Legacy
Along with Dong Zhongshu, Fu Sheng is recognized as one of the most important Confucianists of the Han Dynasty.  They are often venerated in Confucian temples along with other sages, and has been a subject of many poems, essays, and paintings. Tang dynasty poet-painter Wang Wei's portrait of them is now in the collection of the Osaka City Museum of Fine Arts in Japan, and another portrait by the Ming dynasty painter Cui Zizhong is in the Shanghai Museum.
Fu Sheng's family remained prominent throughout the Han dynasty. Their descendant Fu Shou married Emperor Xian, the last emperor of Han.
Fu Sheng's offspring held the title of Wujing Boshi (五經博士; Wǔjīng Bóshì).
Fu's tomb is still extant in Zouping County, Shandong province. Its remains measure 45 meters in diameter and 2 meters in height. In Zouping there also used to be a Fu Sheng Temple, a Fu Sheng Academy, and a Fu Sheng Township.
References
3rd-century BC writers
2nd-century BC writers
268 BC births
178 BC deaths
Chinese Confucianists
Han dynasty philosophers
Han dynasty writers
Qin dynasty people
Legendary Chinese people
Guillaume Gélinas (born June 14, 1993) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. They last played for UK Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL) side Belfast Giants in Northern Ireland.
Playing career
Gelinas played junior hockey for the Val-d'Or Foreurs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League from the 2009–10 season. They received the Emile Bouchard Trophy as the league's best defenceman during the 2013–14 QMJHL season but was not selected in the NHL draft.
On July 1, 2014, Gelinas signed a three-year entry level contract with the Minnesota Wild.
At the conclusion of their entry-level deal with the Wild, after primarily spending the final 2016–17 season with secondary ECHL affiliate, the Quad City Mallards, Gelinas was not to be tendered a new contract with the Wild. As a free agent, Gelinas signed a one-year deal with Slovakian club, HC '05 Banská Bystrica, on May 18, 2017.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
French Quebecers
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Iowa Wild players
Belfast Giants players
Quad City Mallards (ECHL) players
Sportspeople from Quebec City
Val-d'Or Foreurs players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Radical 49 or radical oneself () meaning "oneself" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 20 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 52nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. Two associated indexing components, and are affiliated to the principal indexing component .
In Chinese astrology, 巳 represents the sixth Earthly Branch and corresponds to the Snake in the Chinese zodiac. In the ancient Chinese cyclic character numeral system tiāngān, 己 represents the sixth Celestial stem.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5DF1
049
052
Buddy G, My Two Moms and Me is a straight to DVD cartoon. Released in 2007, it was the first children's cartoon to feature a character with two mothers. It was intended to be a series, but only one episode, Lost Rings, was ever produced.
The cartoon was created by a lesbian couple from Omaha, Donna Colley and Margaux Towne-Colley. They wanted to create a show that their six-year-old son Grayson could relate to. Grayson voiced the titular character Buddy G, a 5-year-old boy with an armband computer named Socrates. Other characters include Buddy G's titular moms and their friend Owen.
It was screened at the 5th Annual San Diego International Children's Film Festival.
References
LGBT-related animation
The first round of a by-election was held in Territoire de Belfort's 1st constituency on 28 January 2018, with a second round on 4 February because no candidate secured a majority of votes in the first round. The by-election was called due to the invalidation of the election of Ian Boucard, candidate of The Republicans (LR), in the June 2017 legislative elections by the Constitutional Council on 8 December 2017, due to the distribution of misleading electoral leaflets by Boucard's campaign between the two rounds.
The by-election was the first since the election of Emmanuel Macron as president, and marked the first confrontation between The Patriots and the National Front (FN) since Florian Philippot quit the FN to found their own party.
In the first round on 28 January, Ian Boucard of The Republicans and Christophe Grudler of the Democratic Movement (MoDem) advanced to the second round, as they did in June 2017, with Boucard securing a far higher percentage of votes amid low turnout. Boucard won the second round of the by-election on 4 February by a margin of nearly 18 points.
Background
The night of the second round of the 2017 legislative election in Territoire de Belfort's 1st constituency on 18 June, Christophe Grudler, candidate of the Democratic Movement (MoDem), announced that they would file an appeal with the Constitutional Council appealing the election of Ian Boucard of The Republicans (LR). In particular, Grudler suspected that Boucard was responsible for the distribution of an electoral leaflet purporting to be from La France Insoumise (FI) and featuring imagery of Jean-Luc Mélenchon between the two rounds; the party subsequently confirmed that it was not responsible for the leaflet.
On 8 December, the constitutional council resolved to annul the result of the election in the constituency, arguing that the distribution of 10,000 and 15,000 leaflets, respectively, purporting to be from La France Insoumise and the National Front (FN) by the campaign of Boucard – without the agreement of either party – would have been sufficient to influence enough voters in the constituency to vote differently than they might otherwise would have, and potentially produced a different result, given the small vote margin separating the candidates. As a result, a by-election was called within the constituency to fill the vacant seat.
On 15 December 2017, the by-election was scheduled for 28 January 2018, with a second round on 4 February should no candidate secure a majority of votes in the first round. Candidates were required to declare their candidacies between 2 and 5 January. It was the first by-election since Emmanuel Macron was elected president, coinciding with the by-election in Val-d'Oise's 1st constituency held on the same day.
Polling stations were open from 8:00 to 18:00 CET during both rounds.
Candidates
The first candidates to officially declare their candidacies were Ian Boucard for The Republicans, Christophe Grudler for the MoDem and La République En Marche! (REM), Yves Fontanive for Lutte Ouvrière (LO), and Jonathan Vallart for the Popular Republican Union (UPR), with Jean-Raphaël Sandri invested again by the National Front. The left-of-centre parties discussed the possibility of a union to present a single candidate, with these discussions ultimately resulting in a union candidacy led by Anaïs Beltran for La France Insoumise, supported by the Citizen and Republican Movement (MRC) and French Communist Party (PCF), while the Socialist Party (PS) nominated Arthur Courty as its candidate, and Europe Ecology – The Greens (EELV) nominated Vincent Jeudy, who received 6.5% of the vote in the department's other constituency during the 2017 legislative elections. Julie Kohlenberg received the investiture of Debout la France (DLF), and Sophie Montel, a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) who joined Florian Philippot in leaving the FN to form The Patriots, within which they serve as vice president, also contested the by-election.
On 9 January 2018, the Union of Democrats and Independents (UDI) announced its support for Ian Boucard, candidate of The Republicans (LR), with UDI deputy Michel Zumkeller, who represents the neighboring constituency, not having faced a LR opponent in the June 2017 legislative elections.
Campaign
Numerous politicians visited the constituency ahead of the by-election in support of their parties' candidates. On 18 January, Christian Jacob, president of the LR group in the National Assembly, visited the constituency in support of Boucard, as did deputy Annie Genevard. On 19 January, MoDem minister Jacqueline Gourault and president of the MoDem group in the National Assembly Marc Fesneau visited in support of Grudler, followed by Philippot in support of Montel and FN deputy Gilbert Collard and mayor of Hénin-Beaumont Steeve Briois in support of Sandri on 20 January, with Sébastien Chenu visiting later. Alexis Corbière visited in support of Beltran on 24 January, as did Clémentine Autain, followed by François Bayrou and Christophe Castaner in a joint meeting in support of Grudler on 25 January. Boris Vallaud was the only Socialist to visit in support of Courty. David Cormand, Nicolas Dupont-Aignan and François Asselineau also visited to support the candidates of their respective parties.
A debate co-hosted by Catherine Eme-Ziri of France 3 Franche-Comté and Emilie Pou of France Bleu Belfort Montbéliard between Boucard, Grudler, Sandri, Montel, Beltran, and Courty was broadcast live online on 12 January, before being shown on "Dimanche en Politique" on France 3 Franche-Comté on 14 January. Philippe Piot, journalist for L'Est Républicain in Belfort, was also present at the debate.
At the public meeting on 18 January with Jacob and Genevard, Boucard announced they would sue Grudler for calling them a "cheater" and "fraudster" over the distribution of leaflets by LR activists purporting to be from La France Insoumise and the National Front (which resulted in the invalidation of the election by the constitutional council). The hearing was held on 25 January, the same day as the visit of Bayrou and Castaner in support of Grudler. At the hearing, Boucard's lawyer accused Grudler of distributing "defamatory and injurious" electoral leaflets that alleged they had committed "outright electoral fraud" and a "robbery" during the campaign in June, and further added that Grudler's campaign distorted the decision of the constitutional council. The defense lawyer stood by the characterization, emphasizing that the constitutional council ruled in favor of Grudler's challenge and invalidated the election in June. Boucard, along with mayor of Belfort Damien Meslot (who was also accused of "robbery"), sought €500 in damages in the case, which was dismissed on 8 February, after the by-election. Boucard and Meslot were ordered to pay Grudler €1,000 and cover legal costs associated with the case.
The by-election was the first electoral challenge on the far-right between The Patriots and the National Front, with Montel, the former president of the FN group in the regional council of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté and a currently-serving MEP, having been a prominent member of the National Front within the region before they joined Philippot's party. However, they do not reside within the constituency.
Controversial posts by Sandri on social media were discovered by French media, including a tweet evoking the "problem" of removal of "transsexualism" from the list of mental illnesses. A report in Libération published a week before the first round uncovered the alleged Facebook account of the FN candidate, connected to several FN officials and apparent family members and with the same date of birth and location, under the name of "JR Alexandre". Though Sandri denied the account was theirs when questioned about it, and said that the "journalist and Sophie Montel are in cahoots", posts by the account were removed the following day. Among the activities of the account were a number of likes on anti-abortion pages, support for Francoism, jokes about the Nazis, and several images of Augusto Pinochet, including one used as the account's profile image. In a statement, Montel denounced Sandri's behavior and support for "authoritarian regimes", demanding that Marine Le Pen "firmly condemn" the FN candidate in the constituency.
In the first round on 28 January, Boucard led Grudler by 12 percentage points, reversing the order in June. Beltran lagged well behind with 11.62% of the vote, followed by Sandri, who fell to 7.52% of the vote. While the race between Sandri and Montel was closely watched, the latter ultimately garnered only 1.99% of the vote. Socialist candidate Arthur Courty received 2.60% of the vote, an extremely low score compared to the party's score of 9.10% in the June 2017 legislative elections. A debate between the two rounds was broadcast on France Bleu Belfort Montbéliard between 18:30 and 19:00 CET on 1 February, co-hosted with Philippe Piot, journalist for L'Est Républicain. Boucard was re-elected by a large margin in the second round on 4 February, securing 58.93% of the vote against 41.07% for Grudler.
2017 election result
2018 by-election result
References
External links
Debate broadcast online on 12 January
Debate recorded on 1 February
Results of past legislative by-elections from the Ministry of the Interior
2018 elections in France
2018
January 2018 events in France
February 2018 events in France
There are 13 National parks in North Carolina. Only the Great Smoky Mountains National Park is a traditional park. The Great Smoky Mountains National Park is also a World Heritage Site. Other parks include heritage areas, historic sites, national seashores, historic trails, and memorials managed by the National Park Service. Several of the parks include other states besides North Carolina.
Areas
See also List of National Natural Landmarks in North Carolina
References
Service Areas
Landmarks in North Carolina
Clan Anderson is a Scottish clan that is recognized as such by the Lord Lyon King of Arms. However, as the clan does not currently have a chief recognized by the Court of the Lord Lyon, it is therefore considered an armigerous clan. Variations of the surname are however considered septs of several other clans of the Scottish Highlands: The surname MacAndrews is considered a sept of the Clan Mackintosh and Clan Chattan, and also associated with the Clan MacDonell of Glengarry. The surnames Andrew and Andrews are considered septs of the Clan Ross.
History
Origins
As Saint Andrew is the patron saint of Scotland the surname Anderson, which means Son of Andrew is commonly found throughout most of the country. The Scottish Gaelic derivation of the name is Gilleaindreas which means servant of Andrew. The Scottish historian, Ian Grimble, states that although arms were granted to an Anderson of that Ilk in the sixteenth century, as the name is so widespread no exact place of origin can be established.
16th and 17th centuries
The historian George Fraser Black lists Andersons as being burgesses of Peebles as well as in the county of Dumfries. In 1585 John Anderson was a commissioner to Parliament for Cupar. Alexander Anderson was a famous mathematician who was born near Aberdeen and later settled in Paris, where they published works on Algebra and Geometry. Alexander's kinsman, David Anderson of Finshaugh, also a scientist, is renowned for removing a rock that was obstructing the entrance to Aberdeen harbour with the application of science and mechanics. Their wife Jean Anderson was a noted philanthropist.
19th and 20th centuries
In 1863 William Anderson published their famous biographical history of the people of Scotland, The Scottish Nation, in three volumes. In this book they praised the above-mentioned rock remover, David Anderson, stating that they had been rich enough and generous enough to found and endow a hospital in Aberdeen for the maintenance and education of ten poor orphans, although it was Jean Anderson (and their relatives) who made that gift after they died.
In the 20th century the name is remembered for the famous Anderson shelters, a type of bomb shelter that was designed by John Anderson, 1st Viscount Waverley, during World War II.
21st century
Anderson Clan Society
The Clan Anderson Society was formed in 1973 and is active throughout North America. A clan room and archival display are maintained at Wyseby House in Kirtlebridge, Dumfriesshire. The Clan Anderson Society was Granted Letters Patent Clan Anderson Society Coat of Arms by Lyon Court in 2014 and Dr. Joseph Morrow Lord Lyon King of Arms presented the Letters Patent to the Clan Anderson Society at the Loch Norman Highland Games in North Carolina in April 2014. The Clan Anderson Society Coat of Arms depicts the more inclusive Clan Anderson motto WE STAND SURE .
Cadet branches
As the Clan has never been able to proclaim a Chief, there are no cadet branches for this clan. However, the major families have been identified as Anderson of Ardbrake & Westerton (whose crest is used by Andersons as a clansman's crest badge); Anderson of Kinneddar (scion of the Ardbrake line), Anderson of Noth, Anderson of Newbiggin & Kingask, Anderson of Dowhill & Stobcross, Anderson of Linkwood, Anderson of Inchyra & Stonyhill, Seton-Anderson of Mounie and Anderson of Candacraig.
Highland MacAndrews
In the Scottish Highlands the surname MacAndrew is considered a sept of the Clan Mackintosh or Chattan Confederation and MacAndrews were also associated with the Clan MacDonell of Glengarry. The surnames Andrew and Andrews are also considered septs of the Highland Clan Ross.
Clan profile
Motto: "Stand Sure" (Anderson of Ardbrake & Westerton, plus Anderson of Kinneddar)
Crest: An oak tree Proper (Anderson of Ardbrake & Westerton, plus Anderson of Kinneddar)
Gaelic Name: Mac Aindrais
Badge: On a wreath of the liveries, an oak tree Proper within a circlet belt & buckle
Lands: Aberdeenshire, Banff & Moray
Origin of Name: "Son of Andrew"
Tartan: First seen in 1815 when collected by the "Highland Society of London." It has an azure field and it is one of several Scottish tartans woven with seven colours.
Septs
Andrew, Anderson, Andrews, Gillanders, MacAndrew, M'Anderson.
See also
Clan Gillanders
References
External links
Clan Anderson
Clan Anderson Society
Matrikel öfwer Swea rikes ridderskap och adel ... (1754) (Noble Scots Andersons recorded in Sweden)
Scottish clans
Armigerous clans
Eric Johnson (born August 20, 1953) is an American politician that served in the Georgia State Senate representing the 1st District, comprising all of Bryan and Liberty counties and part of Chatham County. They resigned their seat in 2009, after years in the Georgia General Assembly. They were a candidate for Governor of Georgia, looking to succeed term-limited Sonny Perdue in 2010.
A Republican, they were first elected to the Georgia House of Representatives in 1992, giving up their seat after one term to run for the state senate. They were reelected to the state senate in 1996. Their colleagues voted them as the Minority Leader in 1998 and served until 2003. In 2003 following the 2002 election of the first Republican Governor in over 130 years, several Democrats changed parties and Republicans gained the state senate majority. Eric was elected as the Senate President Pro Tempore. The Republican majority stripped Democratic Lieutenant Governor Mark Taylor of most of their powers, so for all intents and purposes, Johnson served as lieutenant governor. The power of the lieutenant governor was restored back to current lieutenant governor Casey Cagle, a Republican, in 2007.
Background
They were born in New Orleans, Louisiana, and is of the Christian faith. They make their career as an architect.
Professional career
Architect, North Point Real Estate, 2006–present
Architect/vice president, Hussey, Gay, Bell and Deyoung International, 1986–present
Education
Senator Johnson graduated with a Bachelor's and master's degree in architecture from Tulane University in 1976.
Career
Johnson has always been involved in politics—from local to national:
Senator, Georgia State Senate, 1994–2009
Minority Leader, Georgia State Senate, 1999–2003
Minority Whip, Georgia State Senate, 1997–1998
Representative, Georgia House of Representatives, 1992–1994
Chair, Chatham County Republican Party, 1987–1989
Regional director, United States Senator Mack Mattingly, 1981–1983
Johnson is a Republican and served as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1993 to 1995. They represented the 1st District in the Georgia State Senate beginning in 1995, and became the institution's President Pro Tempore in 2005.
Over the years, their committee assignments have included Appropriations, Assignments, Banking & Financial Institutions, Consumer Affairs, Economic Development, Tourism & Cultural Affairs, Ethics, Finance & Public Utilities, Natural Resources and the Environment, Regulated Industries and Utilities, Rules and Transportations.
Election history
Campaign for Governor
In 2009, Johnson filed paperwork with the Georgia State Ethics Commission to run for governor in 2010.
They came up short in the Republican primary, finishing just short of the runoff to Karen Handel and Nathan Deal.
References
External links
Johnson for Georgians Campaign Website
Georgia Legislature – Senator Eric Johnson official government site
Project Vote Smart – Senator Eric B. Johnson (GA) profile
Follow the Money – Eric Johnson
2006 2004 2002 2000 1998 1996 1994 Senate campaign contributions
Eric Johnson as Senate President Pro Tem
|-
|-
|-
|-
1953 births
Living people
American architects
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Politicians from New Orleans
Presidents pro tempore of the Georgia State Senate
Tulane University alumni
Architects from New Orleans
21st-century American politicians
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Vermont, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1791, Vermont has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1792 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all eight of Vermont's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Vermont
Notes
References
Karl Eugen Julius Wirtz (24 April 1910 – 12 February 1994) was a German nuclear physicist, born in Cologne. They were arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces and incarcerated at Farm Hall for six months in 1945 under Operation Epsilon.
Education
From 1929 to 1934, Wirtz studied physics, chemistry, and mathematics at the University of Bonn, the Albert Ludwigs University of Freiburg, and the University of Breslau. They received their doctorate in 1934 under C. Schäfer. From 1935 to 1937, they were a teaching assistant to Carl-Friedrich Bonhoeffer at the University of Leipzig. During this period, they became a member of the Nationalsozialistischer Lehrerbund (NSLB, National Socialist Teachers League), but not the Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei (NSDAP, National Socialist German Workers Party).
Some of the more established scientists, such as Max von Laue, could demonstrate more autonomy than the younger and less established scientists. This was, in part, due to political organizations, such as the Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Dozentenbund (NSDDB, National Socialist German University Lecturers League), whose district leaders had a decisive role in the acceptance of an Habilitationsschrift, which was a prerequisite to attaining the rank of Privatdozent necessary to becoming a university lecturer. Hence joining such organizations became a tactical career consideration. In 1938, they completed their Habilitation at the Humboldt University of Berlin with a Habilitationsshrift on the electrochemical foundations of electrolytic heavy water production.
Career
In 1937, Wirtz became a staff scientist at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics, an institute under the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft ) and located in Dahlem-Berlin. In 1940, they worked on the horizontal layer reactor design with Fritz Bopp and Erich Fischer. In 1941, they also became a Privatdozent at the Humboldt University of Berlin.
In 1944, Wirtz was appointed head of the experimental department at the KWIP, which had been moved to Hechingen in 1943 to avoid bombing casualties to the personnel. In late spring 1945, Wirtz was arrested by the allied British and American Armed Forces and incarcerated at Farm Hall for six months under Operation Epsilon.
From 1946, Wirtz worked at the Max-Planck Institut für Physik, which was the renamed Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics and had been opened in the British Occupation Zone in Göttingen.
From 1948 to 1957, they were also an extraordinarius professor at the University of Göttingen. From 1950, they also became a scientific member of the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft.
From 1957 to 1979, Wirtz was an ordinarius professor of physical foundations of reactor technology at the Technische Hochschule Karlsruhe and director of the Institute of Neutron Physics and Reactor Technology at the Center for Nuclear Research, which was established in 1957 in Karlsruhe. From 1965 to 1967, they were chairperson of the scientific council of the Karlsruhe Center for Nuclear Research. From 1974 to 1976, they were dean of the faculty of mechanical engineering at Technische Hochschule Karlsruhe.
Organizations
1966 – 1968: Executive Vice President of the European Atomic Energy Society and consultant to the West German Government in affairs related to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
1972 – 1977: Member of the presiding committee of the Deutsches Atomforum (Atomic Forum).
Internal Reports
The following reports were published in Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte (Research Reports in Nuclear Physics), an internal publication of the German Uranverein. The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.
Erica Cremer and Karl Wirtz Untersuchungen des Schwerwassergehaltes einiger technischer Elektrolyseure in Deutschland G-21 (21 June 1940)
Karl Wirtz Bericht II. Eine 10-stufige Elektrolyseuranlage zur Gewinnung von schwerem Wasser G-61 (19 January 1940)
Fritz Bopp, Erich Fischer, Werner Heisenberg, Carl-Friedrich von Weizsäcker, and Karl Wirtz Untersuchungen mit neuen Schichtenanordnungen aus U-metall und Paraffin G-127 (March 1942)
Werner Heisenberg, Fritz Bopp, Erich Fischer, Carl-Friedrich von Weizsäcker, and Karl Wirtz Messungen an Schichtenanordnungen aus 38-Metall und Paraffin G-162 (30 October 1942)
Karl Wirtz Die elektrolytische Schwerwassergewinnung in Norwegen G-198 (26–28 February 1942)
Karl Wirtz Einrichtung der Elektrolyse zur Aufbearbeitung von schwerem Wasser G-296 (8 August 1944)
Fritz Bopp, Walther Bothe, Erich Fischer, Erwin Fünfer, Werner Heisenberg, O. Ritter, and Karl Wirtz Bericht über einen Versuch mit 1.5 to D2O und U und 40 cm Kohlerückstreumantel (B7) G-300 (3 January 1945)
Selected Literature
Horst Korsching and Karl Wirtz Trennung von Flüssigkeitsgemischen mittels kombinierter Thermodiffusion und Thermosiphonwirkung: Methode von Clusius und Dickel, Naturwissenschaften Volume 27, Number 7, Page 110 (February, 1939)
Books
Horst Korsching and Karl Wirtz Trennung der Zinkisotope durch Thermodiffusion in flussiger Phase (Verlag der Akademie der Wissenschaften, 1939)
Karl Heinrich Beckurts and Karl Wirtz Neutron Physics (Springer-Verlag, New York, NY, 1964)
Karl Winnacker and Karl Wirtz Das unverstandene Wunder: Kernenergie in Deutschland (Econ, 1975)
Karl Winnacker and Karl Wirtz Atome Illusion ou Miracle? (P.U.F., 1977)
Karl Wirtz Lectures on Fast Reactors (Universität Karlsruhe, 1978, 1982)
Karl Winnacker and Karl Wirtz Nuclear Energy in Germany (American Nuclear Society, 1993)
Bibliography
Bernstein, Jeremy Hitler's Uranium Club: The Secret Recording's at Farm Hall (Copernicus, 2001)
Hentschel, Klaus, editor and Ann M. Hentschel, editorial assistant and Translator Physics and National Socialism: An Anthology of Primary Sources (Birkhäuser, 1996)
Hoffmann, Dieter Between Autonomy and Accommodation: The German Physical Society during the Third Reich, Physics in Perspective 7(3) 293-329 (2005)
Mark Walker German National Socialism and the Quest for Nuclear Power 1939-1949 (Cambridge, 1993)
References
Further reading
Powers, Thomas, "The Private Heisenberg and the Absent Bomb" (review of Werner and Elisabeth Heisenberg, My Dear Li: Correspondence, 1937–1946, edited by Anna Maria Hirsch-Heisenberg and translated from the German by Irene Heisenberg, Yale University Press, 312 pp., $40.00), The New York Review of Books, vol. LXIII, no. 20 (22 December 2016, pp. 65–67. "[Werner] Heisenberg, Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker, and... Karl Wirtz [during World War II led] an effort [to prevent] a complete shutdown [of work toward a German atom bomb], which would condemn young physicists to military service... or takeover by Nazi extremists who might think an atomic bomb could still give Hitler a complete victory." (p. 66.) Desiring on ethical grounds to prevent the introduction of nuclear weapons into the world, the key German nuclear physicists "'agreed... not to deny [the feasibility of] an atomic bomb, but... to [argue] that it could not be implemented within a realistic time frame...'" (p. 67.)
External links
Annotated Bibliography for Karl Wirtz from the Alsos Digital Library for Nuclear Issues
1910 births
1994 deaths
German nuclear physicists
University of Bonn alumni
Nuclear program of Nazi Germany
Operation Epsilon
20th-century German physicists
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Scientists from Cologne
Joseph Caffarelli, full name Louis Marie Joseph, comte de Caffarelli du Falga, (21 February 1760, Le Falga – 14 August 1845, Lavelanet) was a French sailor, soldier and politician, who was a Conseiller d'État and maritime prefect of Brest. Their brothers Marie-François Auguste de Caffarelli du Falga and Louis-Marie-Joseph Maximilian Caffarelli du Falga were also active in the French military of the time.
1760 births
1845 deaths
People from Haute-Garonne
French people of Italian descent
French military personnel
French Navy officers
Grand Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
On 20 June 2015, Alen Rizvanović drove a sports utility vehicle at high speeds through the center of Graz, Austria, killing three people in a matter of minutes and injuring 36 others, some of them seriously. At one point during the attack, Rizvanović got out of the vehicle and stabbed passersby. They were later arrested by police.
Attack
On 20 June 2015, a vehicular attack occurred at 12:15 p.m. in the center of the Austrian city of Graz. Alen Rizvanović, the driver, intentionally killed and injured pedestrians and cyclists by hitting them with a green SUV-type Daewoo Rexton, which they were driving at an estimated speed of up to per hour. According to a spokesperson, the rampage started in Zweiglgasse, where one victim died. Rizvanović then drove through the city, passing over the Schönaugasse bridge and entering Herrengasse, where they killed two more people. They then crashed into a café seating area in the Hauptplatz (main square), where an event related to the 2015 Austrian Grand Prix was being held.
During their attack, Rizvanović jumped briefly out of their car, ran up to an elderly couple in front of a grocery shop, and stabbed them with a knife, wounding the man severely. They then drove to a police station at Schmiedgasse and was arrested by police without resistance. A witness compared the sounds of chairs and tables being knocked over by the vehicle to a "gunfight". The attack lasted for five minutes. Sixty ambulances and four helicopters were sent to transport injured victims to hospitals.
Victims
Three people were immediately killed in the attack and a total of 36 others, including three children, were wounded, six of them seriously and one critically. All of the casualties were hit by Rizvanović's car, with the exception of a couple, who were stabbed by Rizvanović when they got out of the car.
Perpetrator
Alen Rizvan Rizvanović, was 26-year-old when they carried out the attack. At the age of four they had fled along with their parents to Austria during the Bosnian War as a refugee and they later became an Austrian citizen. Rizvanović eventually found employment as a truck driver. They were under a restraining order filed on 28 May, which kept them away from the home of their wife and two young children following a domestic violence report being filed against them a month prior. As a result of the restraining order, police revoked Rizvanović's weapon's licence and confiscated a semiautomatic firearm and ammunition belonging to him.
The motive was not immediately clear, but a few hours after the attack, police ruled out any religious or ideological motives. When they were arrested, Rizvanović claimed that they felt persecuted by "Turks". On 23 June, a remand was imposed on him. The previous day, it was reported by Austrian newspaper Die Presse that the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and Counterterrorism is "interested in Rizvanović". There are claims that Rizvanović had shifted to a stricter interpretation of Islam. Prior to the attack, they had more than 2,500 followers on Twitter, many of them from Arab countries and at least one a suspected neo-Nazi, but they deleted all of the tweets and messages on their online accounts, except for one, which indicated that the crime was premeditated and not the deed of a mentally ill person.
Conviction
Perpetrator was tried and convicted in 2016.
Reactions
Austrian President Heinz Fischer issued a statement and said they were "deeply shocked" by the attack. Johanna Mikl-Leitner, the Austrian Interior Minister, said during a visit to the scene of the attack, "What happened here is unthinkable. There is no excuse for it." Styria governor Hermann Schützenhöfer issued a statement, saying, "We are shocked and dismayed...here is no explanation and no excuse for this attack." Graz mayor Siegfried Nagl, who witnessed the rampage unfold, ordered events in Graz to be canceled and black flags of mourning to be raised above municipal buildings.
References
2015 in Austria
Attacks in Europe in 2015
2015 attack
Murders by motor vehicle
June 2015 crimes in Europe
June 2015 events in Europe
Vehicular rampage in Europe
2015 murders in Austria
The pygmy longbill or pygmy honeyeater (Oedistoma pygmaeum) is a species of bird in the family Melanocharitidae. It is one of two species in the genus Oedistoma, which also includes the spectacled longbill. It is found in New Guinea and adjacent islands. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
pygmy longbill
Birds of New Guinea
pygmy longbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
The Evil Clown of Middletown is a large outdoor sign in Middletown Township, New Jersey. Originally built by and for Food Circus grocery store, which later became known as the regional supermarket Foodtown, it is now a roadside display and de facto advertising sign for a nearby Spirits Liquors. Much of the clown's notoriety stems from its sinister-looking face, which might be described as bearing a vaguely amused sideways scowl.
History
It was originally constructed in 1956 by Joseph Azzolina to advertise their Food Circus grocery store (the predecessor to today's Foodtown supermarket chain). In its early years it rotated continuously by electric motor, a then-common ad gimmick that went out of style (or economic practicality) by the mid-1970s or so. The clown has long since been fixed in place.
The clown is the work of Road Ad Sign Company painter Leslie Worth Thomas who also created the mural Tillie, at the Palace Amusements building in Asbury Park. One hand of the figure originally held a sort of fool's scepter tipped with a pom-pom or ball; the rod at one point was painted out, with the "ball" now treated as a kind of badge or sign-within-a-sign.
The giant clown's slyly sinister grin and blood-red tipped index finger have earned it the nickname the "Evil Clown of Middletown" in popular culture. The moniker was perhaps first coined by local author Doug Kirby, of Roadside America fame, who grew up in the area and remembers marveling at the odd icon from an early age.
Uncertain future
In 1993, the township began exploring the idea of a major redevelopment in the area where the Clown stands. Dubbed "Middletown Center," it would feature up to of retail space; of office space; 4500 parking spaces, 4 single family homes; 220 townhouses and apartments; and set aside space for a school to be leased to the Township. To date, the project has been delayed numerous times due to public outcry over increased traffic and the destruction of the only open space property in the township.
In 2015, the project again came up and has begun to show promise after a 2009 New Jersey Supreme Court declined to hear appeals by the Middletown Township government challenging the project. To date, several campaigns have sprung up in effort to save the roadside attraction from destruction.
Popular culture
The clown's first starring role was in the opening sequence of the Philip Botti 1996 movie Middletown. The movie won the New York Underground Film Festival Choice award.
It has been featured in the local New Jersey magazine Weird NJ, as well as on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in a Kevin Smith short.
There is a deleted scene in the 2000 film Vulgar (produced by Kevin Smith), in which the main character is still traumatized after being raped and just stands next to the Clown of Middletown, depressed.
The Evil Clown also appears in the first few minutes of Smith's 2006 film Clerks II.
References
See also
Evil Clown of Middletown from Weird NJ
Roadside America
Individual signs in the United States
Middletown Township, New Jersey
Roadside attractions in New Jersey
Tourist attractions in New Jersey
Outdoor sculptures in New Jersey
Fictional clowns
Tourist attractions in Monmouth County, New Jersey
1956 establishments in New Jersey
Statues of fictional characters
Administrative Science may refer to:
The study of public administration, governance, or management
Administrative Science Quarterly, an academic journal established in 1956
Journal of Administrative Sciences, an academic journal published since 2003 in English and Turkish
KPIT may refer to:
KPIT Technologies
Pittsburgh International Airport (ICAO code KPIT)
KPIT (FM), a radio station (91.7 FM) licensed to Pittsburg, Texas, United States
The German White Book () was a publication by the German government of 1914 documenting their claims for the causes of World War I. The full title was "The German White Book about the outbreak of the German-Russian-French war".{{efn|German title: "Das Deutsche Weißbuch über den Ausbruch des deutsch-russisch-französischen Krieges}} An authorized English translation appeared in 1914. The book contained extracts of diplomatic material intended to portray the war's cause to other sources.
Other combatants in the war published similar books: The Blue Book of Britain, The Orange Book of Russia, and the Yellow Book of France.
The book comprised two sections:
"How Russia and Them Ruler Betrayed Germany's Confidence and Thereby Caused the European War"
"How the German-Franco Conflict Might have been Avoided"
and an Appendix with communications between Prince Lichnowsky and Sir Edward Grey.
In a report for the parliamentary investigative committee on the question of Germany's guilt in triggering World War I, Hermann Kantorowicz examined the White Book and reported that about 75 percent of the documents presented in it were falsified, with the goal of denying Germany's responsibility for the outbreak of World War I.
See also
Centre for the Study of the Causes of the War
Color books
German entry into World War I
Propaganda in World War I
Causes of World War I
Works cited
References
Notes
Footnotes
Further reading
Horne, John, and Alan Kramer. German atrocities, 1914: a history of denial (Yale University Press, 2001).
Huebsch, B.W. The German Army in Belgium: The White Book of May 1915'' (1921).
External links
Official translation in English
History books about World War I
German non-fiction books
Propaganda books and pamphlets
1914 non-fiction books
Government reports
Diplomatic correspondence
Mihai Constantinescu (; born 20 August 1932–29 October 2019) was a Romanian film director and screenwriter.
Filmography
As director
Pe litoral mi-a rămas inima (1961)
Opt minute de vis (1965)
Cîntecele mării (1971) - Assistant director
Despre o anumită fericire (1973)
Tată de duminică (1975)
Singurătatea florilor (1976)
Premiera (1976)
Lumini și umbre (1981-1982) - TV movie
Eroii nu au vârstă (1984) - TV series
Să-ți vorbesc despre mine (1987)
Un oaspete la cină (1987)
As screenwriter
Opt minute de vis (1965)
Să-ți vorbesc despre mine (1987)
As actor
Dacii (1967)
Reteaua "S" (1980)
See also
List of Romanian film and theatre directors
List of Romanian films
References
External links
Mihai Constantinescu at aarc.ro
1932 births
2019 deaths
Romanian film directors
Romanian screenwriters
Romanian male film actors
People from Vâlcea County
The Northwest Arkansas Razorback Regional Greenway (usually shortened to Razorback Regional Greenway or just Greenway in Northwest Arkansas) is a primarily off-road shared-use trail in Northwest Arkansas. Dedicated on May 2, 2015, the Greenway connects Walker Park in Fayetteville, Arkansas to north of Lake Bella Vista in Bella Vista, Arkansas, while also serving schools, businesses and other cultural amenities along the route.
History
First envisioned by the Northwest Arkansas Regional Planning Commission (NWARPC) during long-range planning that identified regional trails, the project came to fruition following the creation of a task force, public meetings, and coordination among NWA communities. Initially, the route was to follow three historically significant routes in NWA: the Butterfield Overland Mail route; Civil War routes; and the Trail of Tears in conjunction with the Arkansas Heritage Trails program.
Funding
A grant from the Walton Family Foundation in 2009 for up to $15 million ($ in current dollars) requiring 1-to-1 match from partner cities provided a revenue source for planning and design. The routing was also finalized during public meetings to serve many community attractions. A $15 million ($ in current dollars) Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration in 2010 assisted in right-of-way acquisition and construction of the project. The Arkansas State Highway Commission also provided $855,000 ($ in current dollars) to the project.
Usage
As of 2017, a report by the Walton Family Foundation, using data collected by San Diego State University, found that weekday bicycle volume (187 cyclists per day) and weekend volume (336 per day) had increased between 2015 and 2017 by 32% and 14% respectively.
Similarly, weekday pedestrian volume as of 2017 (166 pedestrians per day) and weekend volume (203 per day) had increased by about 5% and 19% respectively.
The report also found Northwest Arkansas's cyclists per capita to be 5.45 cyclists per 1,000 people, and pedestrians per capita to be 5.78 pedestrians per 1,000 people as of 2017.
Community attractions
The Greenway serves the following community attractions:
6 downtowns
23 schools
Campus of the University of Arkansas
3 hospitals
Walmart, JB Hunt Transport Services and Tyson Foods corporate headquarters
Arts and entertainment venues such as Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art and the Walmart AMP
Historic sites
Parks and Playgrounds
Residential communities
Shopping areas such as Northwest Arkansas Mall and Pinnacle Hills Promenade
See also
References
Bike paths in Arkansas
Transportation in Benton County, Arkansas
Transportation in Washington County, Arkansas
Long-distance trails in the United States
Protected areas of Benton County, Arkansas
Protected areas of Washington County, Arkansas
Eslamabad (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād; also known as Āṣlāḥābād, and Shāh Bakhsh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 712, in 180 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
, is a Japanese actor and former top star of the Takarazuka Revue's Moon Troupe, a Japanese theatre organization in which women portray all parts. They were born April 1, 1974, and grew up in Suginami, Tokyo. During their time in the Revue, they were an otokoyaku, an actor who specializes in male roles. After two years of intensive training at the Takarazuka Music School, they joined the revue in 1992 and reached top star status in 2005. Them nicknames are Asa and Asako. The first otokoyaku from their class of 1992 to reach top star status, they resigned their position as top star and retired in December 2009 after the run of Last Play / Heat on Beat and is now pursuing an acting career outside of the Revue.
Troupe History
Flower Troupe: 1992–2004
Moon Troupe: 2004–2009
Sena entered the Takarazuka Music School in 1990 and graduated in 1992. Upon graduation, they were placed in the Revue's Flower Troupe. During their time in Flower Troupe, they had one shinjinkouen (performance for junior troupe members) lead, and also had the lead role in two performances at Takarazuka Bow Hall. In 2002, they had their first lead role as a female character when they performed as Scarlett O'Hara opposite Yu Todoroki's Rhett Butler in an adaptation of Gone with the Wind.
As part of the Revue's 90th anniversary celebration in 2004, Sena made a special appearance in a Moon Troupe performance. They were also selected to portray the title role in the 2005 Moon Troupe production of Elisabeth. Although Sena was never officially transferred into Moon Troupe for these two performances and appeared only as a special guest, they were named the next top star of the troupe in 2005. From that point on until their retirement from the Revue in 2009, Sena would remain a member of Moon Troupe.
Biography
As a three-year-old, Sena was in a car accident during which they tore their Achilles tendon. Them doctor suggested certain exercises were necessary for their recovery, so their mother enrolled them in ballet lessons.
Them stage name, Jun Sena, is a combination of ideas from their parents: Sena comes from Ayrton Senna, their father's favourite Formula One racing driver. "Jun" comes from Jun Ariake, a former vice troupe leader of Takarazuka's Moon Troupe, with whom their mother went to high school.
After attending Takarazuka Music School, they were one of the promising young stars promoted by the company in 1999, with Sumire Haruno, the former top star of Flower Troupe, and Hikaru Asami the former top star of Snow Troupe. Before they were promoted to top star status, they were considered as one of top-stars-in-waiting, with such other former Cosmos Troupe top stars Kei Takashiro and Yūga Yamato, former top star of Star Troupe Kei Aran, and former top star of Snow Troupe Natsuki Mizu.
In 2001, they had their first leading role in the Bow Hall production Manon. Them co-star in that production, Kanami Ayano, later became their top star partner. With the resignation of Mire Aika and Hibiki Takumi as top stars, Sena became a prominent figure in Flower Troupe. When Sumire Haruno became the top star of the troupe in 2003, Sena became the second man for Haruno.
Sena received much acclaim for two roles in 2003: Luigi Lucheni, from Flower Troupe's production of Elisabeth and Sydney Carton from A Tale of Two Cities.
In 2004, Sena and classmate Kei Takashiro, who was then a member of Snow Troupe, were invited into the cast of Moon Troupe's production of The Glow of Sunset in Asuka. The pair, with classmate Yūhi Ōzora, had prominent roles in the show. From that time on, Sena was unofficially transferred to Moon Troupe, though officially they were still a member of Flower Troupe.  They are the third top star for Moon Troupe that is originally from Flower Troupe and one of two stars that portrayed a female role before becoming an otokoyaku top star.
With the resignation of Nao Ayaki in 2005, Sena became the top star of Moon Troupe with Kanami Ayano as their partner. Their debut performance was Ernest in Love, and their début at the Grand Theater was in Jazzy Fairies.
Versatility
Sena is famous for their portrayal of a series of such strong male characters as Luigi Lucheni, Sydney Carton and Jack Worthing. However, they also received praise for their female roles, such as Scarlett O'Hara in the Flower Troupe production of Gone with the Wind in 2002 and Elisabeth of Bavaria in the Moon Troupe production of Elisabeth in 2005.
Although an otokoyaku usually has a deep voice, their voice is versatile enough to allow them to sing in both the male and the female ranges without any difficulties.
Notable Performances and Roles
Flower Troupe appearances
Speakeasy - Macheath (New Actor Show lead)
Manon - Rodrigo (first leading performance at Takarazuka Bow Hall)
Gone with the Wind - Scarlett O'Hara
In the Amber-Hued Rain - Michel de Plaire (Grand Theater) / Louis Valentin (Tokyo)
Elisabeth - Luigi Lucheni
Immortal Thorns - Albert
A Tale of Two Cities - Sydney Carton
Akanesasu Murasakino Hana - Prince Ōama
Flower-Moon performances
The Glow of Sunset in Asuka - Nakatomi no Kamatari/Prince Karu
Elisabeth - Elisabeth
Moon Troupe Top Star performances
Ernest in Love - Jack Worthing (Top Star debut)
Jazzy Fairy - Patrick Gale (Top Star debut at Grand Theater)
Rose of Versailles (special appearance in Snow Troupe performance) - Andre
Rome at Dawn - Marcus Junius Brutus (with special guest star Yū Todoroki)
Akanesasu Murasakino Hana - Prince Ōama
Higher Than the Sky of Paris - Armand Jacquet
Love at Dal Lake - Hachiman
The Magician's Melancholy - Champsdor
A-“R”ex - Alexander the Great
Me and My Girl - Bill
Elisabeth - Der Tod
Last Play - Alistair
After Takarazuka
2020: Hairspray, Velma Von Tussle
2018: Fun Home, Allison
2014: Sister Act, Deloris Van Cartier
2013: Joyu Reiko Honoo no Youni, Ruriko Asaoka
2012: Elisabeth, Elisabeth (2012 Toho production)
2012: M. Kunze ＆ S. Levay 's World～2nd Season～
2012: Beautiful Sunday
2011: I've Never Been to New York
2011: The Three Musketeers, Milady de Winter
2011: ALiveII
2011: Anna Karenina, Anna
2010: Elisabeth - Elisabeth (2010 Toho production)
2010: ALive
References
Japanese actores
People from Suginami
Takarazuka Revue
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Takarazuka otokoyaku
Empathy is the debut full-length studio album by British trip hop duo Mandalay. It was first released on March 23, 1998 through V2 Records. The track "Flowers Bloom" was previously released as a single in 1996 through Organic Music, and the tracks "This Life" and "Beautiful" were both released as singles to promote the album. The recording was released with positive critical feedback, one reviewer in particular said that it is "Highly recommended for pop and trip hop fans."
Track listing
Personnel
Mandalay
Saul Freeman - Composition, guitar, bass, synthesizer, piano, sampler
Nicola Hitchcock - Composition, lyrics, vocals
Additional musicians
Guy Sigsworth - Electric piano, sampler, synthesizer, piano
Jim Carmichael - Drums
Gavin Wright - Strings
Steve Jensen - Drums, piano, percussion
Jon Hassell - Trumpet
Jaak van der Bent - Baritone vocals
David Watters - Tenor vocals
Danny Thompson - Double bass
Warwick Blair - String arrangement on "About You"
Production
Mandalay - Production
Guy Sigsworth - Production
Michael Ade - Tape edits, recording, mixing
Russell Evora - Additional recording
Chris Scard - Additional recording
Ian Rossiter - Additional recording
Paul Stoney - Additional recording
Tom Jenkins - Additional recording
Simon Burwell - Additional recording
Tom Coyne - Mastering
Andy Bradfeild - Mixing on "This Life"
Saul Freeman - Technician
Artwork
Chris Bigg - Art Direction, design
Jim Friedman - Photography
Blinkk - Photography
References
External links
1998 debut albums
Mandalay (band) albums
V2 Records albums
Albums produced by Guy Sigsworth
The Floreana mockingbird (Mimus trifasciatus) or the Charles Island mockingbird, is a species of bird in the family Mimidae. It was endemic to Floreana, one of the Galápagos Islands, but now is found only on two nearby islets, Campeón and Gardner-near-Floreana. The Floreana mockingbird is also known as Darwin's mockingbird, as it was the arguable inspiration for Charles Darwin's work on the origins of species; they noticed distinct differences between them and previous species they had encountered and consequently established the existence of other variants on neighboring islands.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Floreana mockingbird, Galapagos mockingbird (Mimus parvulus), Espanola mockingbird (M. macdonaldi), and San Cristobal mockingbird (M. melanotis) were previously placed in genus Nesomimus and were considered conspecific. They now form a superspecies. The Floreana mockingbird is monotypic.
Description
The Floreana mockingbird is long. Males weigh an average of and females . Adults have a pied appearance. They have a pale supercilium, a black patch in front of the eye, a darkish one below it, and white cheeks. Their crown, upperparts, and tail are grayish brown with a few faint darker streaks. Their whitish underparts have a dark patch on the side of the breast and faint spots on the breast and flanks. The folded wing shows two white bars. The juvenile is similar to the adult but more heavily streaked.
Distribution and habitat
The Floreana mockingbird was formerly abundant on Floreana Island but had been extirpated from there by 1888. It now occurs only on two islets off Floreana's shore, Campeón and Gardner-near-Floreana. The islets provide a habitat of low vegetation along their shores and arid scrub with cacti and a few trees inland.
Behavior
Feeding
The Floreana mockingbird mostly forages on the ground, but also in vegetation. It is primarily insectivorous but also eats cactus fruit, carrion, and probably seabird eggs.
Breeding
The Floreana mockingbird's breeding season spans from October to April and two broods are usual. It is a cooperative breeder with up to five adults in each territory of about . The nest is a cup made of twigs lined with finer material; it is almost always placed in a cactus. The clutch size is two to four.
Vocalization
The Floreana mockingbird has a "[l]oud, melodious song [and] does not mimic other species."
Status
The IUCN in 1994 initially assessed the Floreana mockingbird as Endangered. In 2008 it was reclassified as Critically Endangered but then in 2017 returned to Endangered status. It was extirpated from Floreana by 1888; introduced rats, mice, cats, dogs, and goats have all been implicated as causes. The population on the two islets has fluctuated with the presence or absence of El Niño events but is believed to exceed 250 individuals and be stable.
Repopulation efforts
Studies are under way to attempt to reintroduce the Floreana mockingbird to the main island. These include assessments of Floreana's habitat and the status of the introduced predators and competitors.
References
Floreana mockingbird
Endemic birds of the Galápagos Islands
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Floreana mockingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by John Gould
The third series of the British version of The Masked Singer premiered on ITV on 1 January 2022, following a Christmas singalong episode which aired on 25 December 2021, and concluded on 12 February 2022. The series was won by singer Natalie Imbruglia as "Panda", with singer Charlotte Church finishing second as "Mushroom", and singer Mark Feehily placing third as "Robobunny".
Production
Prior to the airing of the second series' finale, panellist Jonathan Ross revealed that the programme would be returning for a third series. Filming for the series took place between 1 and 13 November 2021.
Panellists and host
Following the announcement of the series, it was confirmed by ITV that Joel Dommett would return to present the series, whilst Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall, Rita Ora and Mo Gilligan would all return to the panel.
Guest panellists included Olly Alexander in the sixth episode, Joan Collins in the seventh episode and series two winner Joss Stone in the eighth episode.
Contestants
A series of teasers revealing all twelve costumes were released on 27 November 2021.
Episodes
Episode 1 (1 January)
Episode 2 (2 January)
Episode 3 (8 January)
Theme: Movie Night
Group number: "Another Day of Sun" from La La Land
Episode 4 (15 January)
Theme: Love
Group number: "I Want It That Way" by Backstreet Boys
Episode 5 (22 January)
Episode 6 (29 January)
Episode 7: Semi-final (5 February)
Episode 8: Final (12 February)
Group number: "The Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga
Ratings
Official ratings are taken from BARB, utilising the four-screen dashboard which includes viewers who watched the programme on laptops, smartphones, and tablets within 7 days of the original broadcast.
References
2022 British television seasons
The Masked Singer (British TV series)
Fritz: The Walter Mondale Story is a television documentary film detailing the life of former American Vice President Walter "Fritz" Mondale. It is narrated by their daughter, Eleanor Mondale.
Plot Synopsis
The film is composed of rare archival footage, family home videos, and interviews with President Jimmy Carter, Vice President Al Gore, Representative Geraldine Ferraro, Minnesota Governor Arne Carlson, and their friends and family. It follows their life through their various roles as attorney general, senator, vice president, presidential candidate, ambassador, and professor.
Reception
Despite their initial reluctance to participate, the film was very positively received by Walter Mondale and their family.
References
External links
Official Website
Documentary films about American politicians
2008 television films
2008 films
American documentary films
Walter Mondale
2000s American films
Rachel River is a 1987 comedy-drama film about a young journalist who returns to their Minnesota hometown to reexamine their life. The film was directed by Sandy Smolan, and stars Pamela Reed, Ailene Cole, Don Cosgrove, and Craig T. Nelson.
External links
1987 films
1987 comedy-drama films
Films shot in Minnesota
American comedy-drama films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Carenum froggatti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
fugitivum
Beetles described in 1897
"On My Way to You" is a song written by Brett James and Tony Lane, and recorded by American country music singer Cody Johnson. It is the first single from their seventh studio album Ain't Nothin' to It.
Background
The song was written by Brett James and Tony Lane. It is Johnson's first song released under a major label.
Music video
A video for the song, directed by Sean Hagwell, was released in October 2018.
Commercial performance
The song has sold 107,000 copies in the United States as of April 2019.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Cody Johnson songs
Warner Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Brett James
Songs written by Tony Lane (songwriter)
Hohenkammer is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freising (district)
Qaleh Kesh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Kesh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 691, in 180 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
"She Ain't Got..." is a song recorded by American singer LeToya Luckett released as the second single taken from their second studio album Lady Love (2009). The song was written by LeToya Luckett, Andre Merritt, Chris Brown, Cory Bold and produced by Bold. The song was released on June 1, 2009, through Capital Records.
It is the first single by LeToya to carry a Parental Advisory sticker; however, the clean version of the song has also been released with the title "She Ain't Got..." and does not feature the sticker on the cover.
Music video
The music video was shot on June 3, 2009. It was directed by Bryan Barber. The video features guest star Major League Baseball players Orlando Hudson and Matt Kemp of the Los Angeles Dodgers and Baseball Hall of Fame member Dave Winfield. A clean version music video was released on EMI's YouTube channel on July 13, 2009 under the title "She Ain't Got... (Swing Batta, Batta)".  They are seen accidentally finding out through a short text message in their love interest's (played by Sean Newman) cell phone that they are cheating on them Then, they are shown involved in a heated argument with them at a crowded nightclub where they are tapped to make a performance. The video is particularly notable because it is the first music video by LeToya which features such a prominent dance routine.
Chart performance
In the United States the song charted at number thirty-nine on the Billboard Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
On September 5, 2009, the song debuted at number forty-four on the Hot Dance Club Play charts. In its second week the song risen seven places and peaked at number thirty-seven. In its third week the song risen a further nine places and peaked at number twenty-eight. In its fourth week the song risen four places and peaked at number twenty-four. In its fifth week the song reached its peak at number twenty and remained for two consecutive weeks before falling to number twenty-four in its seventh week. The song spent a total of nine weeks on the Hot Dance Club Play before falling out of the top fifty at number forty-one on October 31, 2009.
Track listing and formats
Charts
Release history
References
2009 singles
LeToya Luckett songs
Music videos directed by Bryan Barber
Songs written by LeToya Luckett
Songs written by Andre Merritt
Songs written by Chris Brown
2009 songs
Capitol Records singles
The Eelam National Liberation Front (ENLF) was a short-lived (1984-1986) umbrella organisation for leading Sri Lankan Tamil militant groups.
Formation
In April 1984 M. Karunanidhi invited the leaders of the five leading Tamil militant groups, Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front (EPRLF), Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students (EROS), Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), People's Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam (PLOTE) and Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO), for talks aimed at uniting the groups. K. Pathmanabha (EPRLF), V. Balakumaran (EROS) and Sri Sabaratnam (TELO) accepted the invitation but Velupillai Prabhakaran (LTTE) and Uma Maheswaran (PLOTE) did not.
Shortly afterward EPRLF, EROS and TELO formed the Eelam National Liberation Front. The inaugural meeting of the ENLF was held at the EPRLF's office in Madras (now Chennai) and Ramesh of the EPRLF was elected the secretary. After the meeting Pathmanabha, Balakumaran and Sri Sabaratnam issued a statement announcing the formation of the ENLF:
Although the ENLF members would work together to achieve their common aim they would each maintain their own distinct identity. Other major liberation groups i.e. LTTE and PLOTE, were invited to join the ENLF. The objectives of the ENLF were:
Winning the independence for our motherland from the domination of the Sri Lanka.
Pledge to work for the full independence of Tamil Eelam and decision to accept nothing less.
Adopt armed struggle as our path to freedom and endeavour to unite all sections of our people.
Building a socialist society in Tamil Eelam.
Liberating our motherland from the shackles of American imperialism and neocolonialism.
The ENLF members agreed to coordinate armed activities against the Sri Lankan armed forces; unify propaganda conducted in foreign countries; and create a unified body to administer the funds collected from individuals and institutions.
LTTE joins ENLF
In early 1985 Prabhakaran changed their mind about the ENLF and decided to join. On 10 April 1985 senior members of the ENLF and LTTE met at the Hotel Presidency, Madras. Those attending the meeting were: LTTE – Prabhakaran, Rajanayagam and Anton Balasingham; EPRLF – Pathmanabha, Kulasegaran and Ramesh; EROS – Balakumaran and Muhilan; TELO – Sri Sabaratnam and Mathi. After the meeting a statement was issued:
The objectives of the ENLF were revised to:
Winning the freedom and sovereignty of our motherland from the oppressive rule of Sri Lanka.
Not to accept any solution lesser than the establishment of an independent state with the right to self-determination.
Adopting mass armed struggle (People's Struggle) as the mode of struggle.
Taking forward the socialist revolution along with the freedom struggle and building a socialist society in our motherland.
Delivering our nation from the clutches of global imperialism and neocolonialism and leading it on the path of nonalignment.
The ENLF members agreed to make joint political decisions and to coordinate military actions against the Sri Lankan armed forces. The unity amongst the Tamil militant groups was widely welcomed by supporters of the Tamil independence movement.
LTTE lefts ENLF, dissolution
In February 1986, the LTTE pulled out of the ENLF. By April 1986, the ENLF had become defunct.
References
Factions in the Sri Lankan Civil War
Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization
Tamil Eelam
Sri Lankan Civil War
Ximacodes is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
All species of this genus are only known from Madagascar but Ximacodes pyrosoma is also found in Tanzania.
Species
Some species of this genus are:
Ximacodes affinis (Mabille, 1890)
Ximacodes malagasy Viette, 1980
Ximacodes pyrosoma (Butler, 1882)
Ximacodes subrufa (Hering, 1957)
References
Limacodidae genera
Limacodidae
Taxa named by Pierre Viette
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Nishitakaya Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
The station has two side platforms with a station office located on ground. The two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1926
Daneh Kashefiyeh (, also Romanized as Dāneh Kāshefīyeh; also known as Dānehkāshefīyeh) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 122 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bryant J. Salter (born January 22, 1950 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers, Washington Redskins, Baltimore Colts, and the Miami Dolphins. They played college football at the University of Pittsburgh and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1971 NFL Draft. They went on to join the United States Foreign Service and eventually served as a consul in Mexico and chargé d'affaires to Antigua and Barbuda and Saint Kitts and Nevis from January 1991 until March 1994. They would also receive a master's degree from the Harvard Kennedy School.
References
1950 births
Living people
American football safeties
Players of American football from Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
San Diego Chargers players
Washington Redskins players
Baltimore Colts players
Miami Dolphins players
Ambassadors of the United States to Antigua and Barbuda
Ambassadors of the United States to Saint Kitts and Nevis
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
United States Foreign Service personnel
OWN may also refer to:
Old West Norse, a North Germanic language
Once Was Not (2005), an album by Cryptopsy
One Warrior Nation, what The Ultimate Warrior calls their fans
Oprah Winfrey Network, a U.S.-based cable and satellite television channel
Oprah Winfrey Network (Canadian TV channel), a Canadian cable and satellite television channel
See also
Ownership
Owned, a slang word
A by-election was held in French Guiana's 2nd constituency on 4 March 2018, with a second round on 11 March as no candidate secured a majority of votes in the first round. The by-election was called after the Constitutional Council invalidated the election of Lénaïck Adam, candidate of La République En Marche! (REM), in the June 2017 legislative elections on 8 December 2017.
As in June 2017, Adam narrowly defeated Davy Rimane, supported by La France Insoumise, in the second round.
Background
Following the second round of the 2017 legislative election in French Guiana's 2nd constituency on 18 June, Davy Rimane, a regionalist candidate, filed an appeal with the Constitutional Council appealing the election of Lénaïck Adam of La République En Marche! (REM), claiming to have identified irregularities that would permit such an appeal.
On 8 December, the constitutional council annulled the election of Adam in the constituency, noting that per article R. 42 of the electoral code, each polling station is required to have two assessors; however, no assessor was present in polling stations 1 and 2 in the commune of Maripasoula, where 220 and 276 votes were cast, respectively. Because the electoral code was not respected, the result of the election was annulled and a by-election will be held to fill the vacant seat. On 20 January 2018, the first round of the by-election was scheduled for 4 March 2018, with a second round on 11 March should no candidate secure a majority of votes in the first round.
Declarations of candidacies were submitted between 5 and 9 February.
Polling stations will be open from 8:00 to 18:00 local time. The vast constituency, covering an area of , includes the communes of Apatou, Awala-Yalimapo, Grand-Santi, Iracoubo, Kourou, Macouria, Mana, Maripasoula, Montsinéry-Tonnegrande, Papaïchton, Saint-Élie, Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni, Saül, and Sinnamary.
Candidates and campaign
Lénaïck Adam (LREM)
Outgoing deputy Lénaïck Adam of La République En Marche! (REM) declared themselves a candidate. A 26-year-old business executive, and graduate of Sciences Po, Adam was the first Bushinengue elected to the National Assembly. Adam was previously elected to the assembly of French Guiana in the 2015 election on the list led by territorial president Rodolphe Alexandre, whose party, Guyane Rassemblement, supported Adam in the by-election.
The Union of Democrats and Independents (UDI), traditionally allied to The Republicans (LR), surprised observers by backing Adam in the by-election, marking the first time that the party backed REM candidates. Adam was also supported by Gilles Adelson, mayor of Macouria. Leading Macron ally Christophe Castaner traveled to French Guiana from 23 to 26 February to campaign for Adam. A preliminary investigation into Adam for workplace harassment was opened at the end of 2017 following the filing of a complaint by a former parliamentary assistant. They were also attacked by their opponents in the by-election for their lack of legislative activity in the National Assembly.
Davy Rimane (LFI)
Davy Rimane, who narrowly lost to Adam in June 2017, also contested the by-election, this time with the backing of Jean-Luc Mélenchon's La France Insoumise (FI). During the 2017 social unrest in French Guiana, the 38-year-old led the Kolectif pou lagwiyann dékolé, serving as a spokesperson during the protests, is part of the trade union EDF Guyane, and also currently serves as general secretary of the Union of Guianese Workers (UTG).
The decision of Mélenchon to back Rimane in the by-election was met with dissent among local supporters, some under the banner of "La Guyane Insoumise", with significant support within the local party for Richard Joigny. In response to these complaints, Mélenchon affirmed their party's support for Rimane, and said that the decision in Paris was made to avoid a result like that in June – when the party designated its own candidate, securing 1.37% of the vote – this time choosing to back a candidate who would be able to win. Rimane is the grand-nephew of Eustase Rimane, who served as mayor of Kourou for 42 years from 1953 to 1995. As in June, Rimane was backed by Léon Bertrand, who served in the government of Jacques Chirac and is currently mayor of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni, later twice convicted in two judicial cases.
At their campaign launch on 17 February, Rimane received the support of Member of the European Parliament (MEP) Younous Omarjee as well as Gabriel Serville, deputy for French Guiana's 1st constituency, with FI deputy Danièle Obono also visiting in support starting on 21 February, with Omarjee and Obono later accompanying Mélenchon, who traveled to French Guiana to campaign for Rimane from 26 February to 5 March. During the 2017 presidential election, they came in first place with 24.72% of the vote in the first round, just ahead of Marine Le Pen with 24.29%. During the visit, Mélenchon denounced Castaner's travel by helicopter in French Guiana, questioning the financing of the trips; in response, the campaign stated that the trip was properly accounted for, that parts of the constituency are only accessible via air or water, and that the electoral code exempts travel expenses from spending limits.
Other candidates
David Riché
David Riché, the mayor of Roura and president of the Association of Mayors of French Guiana, also contested the by-election, a "parachutage" from the other constituency of the department. A "man of the left", they were first elected as mayor in 2008, and was selected as substitute to Chantal Berthelot, formerly a deputy for the constituency, in the 2007 legislative elections. In March 2017, they announced their intention to run in the 1st constituency of French Guiana before later renouncing the possibility. They received the official backing of the Guianese Socialist Party (PSG) after Mylène Mazia declared their candidacy before receiving the investiture of the party.
After a supporter discovered racist graffiti against Riché and posted a video of it on social media, public prosecutor Éric Vaillant announced the opening of an investigation by the authorities in Kourou to locate the person who wrote it. Riché was targeted by similar anti-white racism during their first mayoral campaign. After being eliminated in the first round, Riché backed Adam in the second round.
José Makébé
José Makébé, a 30-year-old business executive in Kourou, presented themselves as a centrist candidate, having supported Adam in June rather than presenting their own candidacy. They ran without the official support of any party, though they previously served as a regional delegate of the UDI youth in French Guiana. Like Riché, they also announced their support for Adam in the second round.
Richard Joigny
Richard Joigny, the 34-year-old director of services of the town hall of Iracoubo who received 5.79% of the vote in June 2017, stood again under the banner of the Guianese Progressive Party (PPG), hoping to capture the left-wing vote in the by-election. They called for a "common left front", and hoped to receive the support of Berthelot as well as La Guyane Insoumise, which withdrew its support for Paul Persdam in the last few days before the first round in June to back Joigny.
Jean-Philippe Dolor
On 5 February, Jean-Philippe Dolor, former campaign director for Lénaïck Adam, youth leader of the Guianese Socialist Party, and general director of services for the town hall of Apatou, declared their surprise candidacy.
Jérôme Harbourg
Jérôme Harbourg was nominated by the National Front (FN), hoping to create a "surprise" by submitting their nomination papers within the final hours. At the age of 21, they are the youngest candidate in the by-election, studying at the University of the French West Indies and Guiana. Candidates were required declarations of their candidacies between 5 and 9 February.
Georges Mignot
Georges Mignot, a 47-year-old animation assistant, stood for the Popular Republican Union (UPR), replacing Nicolas Miray, who was initially designated as the party's candidate in the constituency. François Asselineau, president of the UPR, flew to French Guiana in order to campaign in support of Mignot from 25 February to 5 March.
Mylène Mazia
On 29 January, Mylène Mazia of the PSG declared their candidacy on behalf without having yet selected a substitute, but the PSG disavowed their candidacy, which had not been approved by the party. They claimed that they did not consult the party because they believed the outcome had been assured, having served as treasurer of the party and successfully directed the campaign of Gabriel Serville in 2012 and 2017. On 16 February, Mazia withdrew their candidacy following the death of their brother on 14 February.
Campaign debates
Two debates with four candidates each were broadcast by Guyane 1ère on 21 and 22 February at 20:00 local time, presented by Laurent Marot and Jessy Xavier. The first debate was held between Dolor, Harbourg, Joigny, and Mignot, and the second between Riché, Rimane, Adam, and Makébé.
2017 election result
2018 by-election result
References
External links
Debates broadcast on 21 and 22 February
Debate broadcast on 8 March
Results of past legislative by-elections from the Ministry of the Interior
2018 elections in France
2018
March 2018 events in France
March 2018 events in South America
2018 in French Guiana
Elections in French Guiana
The Flute Concert of Sanssouci () is a 1930 German drama film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Otto Gebühr. It was part of the popular cycle of Prussian films. It was made at the Babelsberg Studios. The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert Herlth and Walter Röhrig. Location filming took place around the Berlin area including at the Sanssouci Palace in Potsdam.
Plot
In 1756, a masked ball was officially celebrated in the Dresden Palais of the Saxon Minister Heinrich von Brühl. Unofficially, however, talks are taking place with the envoys of Austria, Russia and France with the aim of conspiring against the Prussian King Frederick II. The Prussian envoy, Major von Lindeneck, noticed this incident and succeeded in bringing a copy of the concluded secret treaty to the Prussian king. Friedrich they consult with their generals, who urge caution. Friedrich is stunned by the reaction and now develops a counter-plan. To do this, they send von Lindeneck back to Dresden. However, the latter is not very enthusiastic about this, as they think they have reason to doubt their wife Blanche's marital fidelity, and they now have to leave them alone. However, loyalty to the king is more important to them and they carry out all the orders of the Prussian king. When the envoys of Austria, Russia and France ask for an audience with Friedrich, they give a flute concerto to gain time, which is based on the famous picture by Adolph von Menzel. In the course of this concert they receive the telegram from Vienna that completely uncovers the plot. They end the concert and has the envoy hand over the declaration of war. They go outside and announces that they have just given them the marching orders for the regiments. The Seven Years' War begins.
Cast
Otto Gebühr as Friedrich II
Renate Müller as Blanche von Lindeneck
Hans Rehmann as Major von Lindeneck
Walter Janssen as Maltzahn
Raoul Aslan as Heinrich von Brühl
Friedrich Kayßler as Count Karl-Wilhelm Finck von Finckenstein
Carl Goetz as Michael Gabriel Fredersdorf
Aribert Wäscher as Poellnitz
Margarete Schön as Princess Amalie
Theodor Loos as Menzel
Hans Brausewetter as Correspondent
Paul Biensfeldt as Johann Joachim Quantz
Vladimir Sokoloff as Russian Envoy
Friedrich Kühne as Schwerin
Alfred Beierle as Wolf Frederick von Retzow
Georg John as Ziethen
Theo Lingen as Kent
References
Bibliography
External links
1930 films
1930 drama films
1930s historical drama films
1930s German-language films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German historical drama films
German black-and-white films
Films directed by Gustav Ucicky
Films set in the 1750s
Films set in the Kingdom of Prussia
Biographical films about German royalty
Cultural depictions of Frederick the Great
Prussian films
Seven Years' War films
UFA GmbH films
Films shot at Babelsberg Studios
1930s German films
Gaz Boland () is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Pierre Dulivier was the Governor General of Pondicherry for two periods. They were preceded by François Martin and succeeded by Guillaume André d'Hébert.
References
Titles
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
The following lists events that happened during 1900 in Afghanistan.
Rumours of contemplated aggression by Russia continue throughout the year, and are the source of much annoyance to the amir Abdur Rahman. They complain that the British government takes no interest in their distresses, and that whenever they have proposed some check upon Russian aggressions the government of India has made no response except the suggestion that Afghanistan might consent to the construction of railways and telegraphs within their territories. From the Afghan point of view they declare that such concession will be impossible and only a step to ruin. For several years the amir has given much attention to increasing the efficiency of their army, and their regulars, backed by the tribes on the frontier, would be formidable against any invader of their territory. The amir has never departed from a purely defensive attitude, and under their treaty with England if an unprovoked attack was made upon them they could claim British help.
Trade with India is injured by the fiscal policy of the amir. Besides creating state monopolies with regard to several articles, they forbid the export of horses to India and the import of salt therefrom. Only sixty-two camel loads leave Peshawar in the year compared with 2,285 during the previous year.
Incumbents
Monarch – Abdur Rahman Khan
Events
June 1900
A cholera epidemic breaks out at Jalalabad and at Kabul and continues to the beginning of August, causing in Kabul the death of nearly 5,000 people. After the departure of Sir Thomas Salter Pyne the government workshops go on with their regular work under Afghan management.
September 1900
The Mahsud Waziris resume their petty raids on the frontier. On the night of October 23 a band of them attacks the military post of Nasran, killing two men and robbing the magazine. Lieutenant Hennessey starts in pursuit, but their force is not sufficient to capture them and they escape to the ravines. A wounded Mahsud lying prone fires at Lieutenant Hennessey at a distance of five yards with fatal effect. The raiders lose one killed and five wounded.
October 1900
A successful operation is carried out against the Madda Khels in the Tochi Pass by a small column. Four Pathan towers are blown up by the troops, who meet with no opposition. This action was due to the refusal of the Khels to surrender certain ringleaders implicated in the Maizar outrage of 1897.
November 1900
The amir Abdor Rahman publishes their autobiography, in which they complain that English policy in Afghan affairs has been inconstant and vacillating, and they urge the importance of direct diplomatic relations with Britain. They consider that England ought to give Afghanistan more of their confidence and more of their moral and material support, allowing them to annex all the territory of the independent Pathan tribes and to form a triple alliance with the neighbouring Muslim states, Persia and Turkey. Also that Afghanistan ought to secure an outlet to the ocean and have a port for their own steamers at which to load and unload. They think that the policy of Afghanistan towards their two strong neighbours - England and Russia - should be friendly towards the one least aggressive, and hostile to the power wishing to pass through their country or interfere with my independence.
November 8, 1900
The commissioner of Derajat, W.R.H. Merk, meets some 500 Mahsud Waziris and announces to them the terms of the government. Payment of a fine of one 0.1 million is demanded, one half to be paid by November 25, otherwise the whole tribe would be blockaded from December 1. Dreading a blockade much more than a punitive expedition the Mahsuds agree to pay the fine and promise not to raid. The Mullah Powindah, their fanatical leader, is personally assisting in the collection of the fine in December.
See also
History of Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Years of the 19th century in Afghanistan
1900s in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Odirlei de Souza Gaspar (born 18 May 1981) is a retired Brazilian football player.
Honours
Individual
Liechtensteiner Footballer of the Year: 2007–08
References
External links
Brazilian FA Database
FC Vaduz profile
Career History at ASF
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Brazilian footballers
Esporte Clube São Bento players
1. FC Nürnberg II players
FC Lugano players
FC Vaduz players
AC Bellinzona players
FC Lausanne-Sport players
FC Chiasso players
FC Wohlen players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Expatriate footballers in Liechtenstein
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
ETV Bal Bharat is a children's pay television channel owned by the Hyderabad-based ETV Network airing animated programming. The channel was launched on 27 April 2021, initially with twelve language audio tracks.
Bal Bharat is the network's first television channel dedicated to children, and is the only one to include audio tracks in multiple languages, including eleven Indian ones and even English. However, it was announced that the Punjabi, Odia, Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, and Assamese regional channels of Bal Bharat would cease operations by 1 April 2022, leaving their audio feeds to remain with the other six languages.
Programming
See also
ETV Network
Ramoji Group
Eenadu
References
Children's television channels in India
Television stations in Hyderabad
Television channels and stations established in 2021
Ramoji Group
ETV Network
External links
Stant is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charlotte Stant, character in The Golden Bowl
David Stant (born 1964), American American football coach
Phil Stant (born 1962), English football player
Shane Stant, involved in the 1994 Cobo Arena attack
Mongeri is a town in Bo District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone. Its population was estimated at 14,273 (2004 census). The population of Mongeri is mostly from the Mende ethnic group. It is the birthplace of Samuel Hinga Norman, the founder and leader of the traditional Civil Defence Forces (commonly known as the Kamajors).
Populated places in Sierra Leone
Southern Province, Sierra Leone
Hârtiești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dealu, Hârtiești, Lespezi and Lucieni. It also included the villages of Bârzești, Huluba and Vulturești until 2003, when these were split off to form Vulturești Commune.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Carenum rectangulare is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1864.
References
rectangulare
Beetles described in 1864
Two-time defending champion David Wagner and their partner Andy Lapthorne defeated the other defending champion Sam Schröder and their partner Dylan Alcott in the final, 7–6(7–1), 4–6, [10–7] to win the quad doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2021 French Open. With the win, Lapthorne completed the career Grand Slam.
Schröder and Wagner were the defending champions, but did not participate together.
Draw
Finals
References
Draw
Wheelchair Quad Doubles
French Open, 2021 Quad Doubles
District 10 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Lincoln, Polk, Tillamook, and Yamhill counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat David Gomberg of Neotsu.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Lincoln County, Oregon
Polk County, Oregon
Tillamook County, Oregon
Yamhill County, Oregon
Tire mousse is a component in certain types of off-road run-flat tires, designed to allow them to maintain functionality despite a puncture. It is a ring of flexible foam that is placed inside a tire before it is fitted on the rim. The original run-flat mousse, called Bib-Mousse, was developed in 1984 by Michelin, for use on motorbikes in enduro, rally-raid and motocross events. In 1987, Michelin debuted its ATS system (Appui Temporaire Souple, or Flexible Temporary Support) on the works Renault 11s of Jean Ragnotti and François Chatriot on the Acropolis Rally. It won the Technological Innovation Award in 1988.
Use
The mousse is compressed as soon as the tire is inflated. Once the tire begins being used, it heats up and becomes primed for use. In the event of an air leak, and subsequent loss of pressure, the mousse expands to fill the void, giving a pressure almost equal to that of a properly inflated tire.
Mousse is used on cars and motorcycles in certain types of off-road racing such as the Dakar Rally.
Bib-Mousse
Bib-Mousse is a Tire mousse made by French tire manufacturer Michelin. The Bib-Mousse was named after Michelin's well-known mascot, Bibendum. It is a ring of butyl honeycomb foam with its cells filled with nitrogen. It has a smooth-molded outer skin that is designed to slip into specific size off-road motorcycle tires.
References
Tires
Automotive technologies
Mousse
Commesso may refer to:
Commesso, Florentine mosaic, is a method of piecing together cut sections of luminous, narrow gemstones to form works of art
Cheryl Ann Commesso, a disappeared person, found dead in 1995 in Pinellas County, Florida
Salvatore Commesso (born 1975), Italian professional road bicycle racer
See also
Commisso
SMS Drache was a of the Prussian Navy (later the Imperial German Navy) that was launched in 1860. Budgetary problems delayed their completion until 1869, and they first entered service during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, though they saw no significant action against the French Navy. Drache spent most of their career, between 1872 and 1887, conducting survey work in the North Sea, which later proved to be instrumental to the operations of German U-boats and minelayers during World War I. Drache was ultimately decommissioned in 1887, reduced to a coal hulk, and then expended as a target for the torpedo boat in 1889. Them wreck was later raised and broken up.
Design
Drache was long, with a beam of and a draft of . They displaced at full load. The ship's crew consisted of 4 officers and 67 enlisted men. They were powered by a single marine steam engine that drove one 3-bladed screw propeller, with steam provided by two coal-fired trunk boilers, which gave them a top speed of at . As built, they were equipped with a three-masted schooner rig. The ship was armed with a battery of one rifled 68-pounder gun and two rifled 12-pounder guns.
Service history
Drache was laid down at the Königliche Werft (Royal Dockyard) in Danzig on 27 July 1861; they were not launched until 3 August 1865, owing to constitutional disputes over the budget, which delayed construction of the gunboat. The Prussian Landtag (State Diet) tried to block the military expansion program advocated by Albrecht von Roon, the Prussian Ministry of War, leading to a constitutional crisis where the army and navy operated without legal budgets. The Navy was thus unable to spare funding to complete Drache and their sister . Draches completion was similarly delayed by budgetary problems, and they were finally delivered to the navy at its base at Dänholm off Stralsund in late April 1869.
The vessel was first commissioned for service in mid-July 1870, following the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War earlier that month. They were assigned to a gunboat flotilla commanded by KK Franz von Waldersee, along with the aviso and the gunboats and . On 12 August, Waldersee took their four vessels the island of to Rügen, where they briefly engaged blockading French vessels before returning to port. On 10 September, the unit was disbanded, and Drache was sent to Rügen. In December, they were transferred to the North Sea, based in Wilhelmshaven; heavy ice forced them to winter in Friedrichstadt. In February 1871, they and Blitz steamed to Tönning; there, they towed several cannon-armed shallops back to Wilhelmshaven. With the war all but over, Drache was decommissioned in Wilhelmshaven on 6 April.
On 6 May 1872, Drache was recommissioned for service as a survey vessel, having had their 21 cm gun removed and a deck house erected in its place. From May until 22 October, they surveyed the eastern coast of Holstein, operating from their base in Kiel. In November, Drache, Meteor, and the transport ship Rhein searched the eastern Baltic for any merchant ships that might have been damaged in a heavy storm. On 12 December, Drache returned to Wilhelmshaven, where they were again decommissioned. On 15 April 1874, the vessel was recommissioned for visits to British and Norwegian ports before being decommissioned again on 23 November in Wilhelmshaven. It was planned to send them to Spain in response to attacks on German nationals there, but the plan came to nothing. From 1875 to 1880, Drache made visits to Britain and Norway in the summer months. During this period, they underwent several additional modifications. In 1876, their masts were removed to improve their stability, and their remaining two guns were removed in 1878. Over the winter of 1879–1880, new boilers were installed, along with a barquentine sailing rig.
Starting in 1881, Drache return to surveying duties in the North Sea; this work took them as far north as the 60th parallel in 1882. The year 1883 saw similar service, along with fishery protection operations in the North Sea; this had become increasingly important due to the rising number of foreign boats illegally fishing in German waters. On 15 October 1883, Drache was once again decommissioned for the winter. They returned to service for more survey work in mid-1884 in the Skagerrak and the coast of Norway. They continued surveying areas of the North Sea through the first half of 1887, before being decommissioned the last time on 30 September. The oceanographic data Drache had gathered over the previous fifteen proved to be indispensable to German U-boat crews and mining operations during World War I. On 13 December, Drache was stricken from the naval register and hulked in Wilhelmshaven. They were towed through the Eider Canal in 1888 and was sunk by the torpedo boat in a demonstration for Vizeadmiral (Vice Admiral) Max von der Goltz. The wreck was thereafter raised and broken up.
Notes
References
1865 ships
Camäleon-class gunboats
Ships built in Danzig
Lal Muhammad Khan is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013. They had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 1988 to 1990.
Political career
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) from Constituency PF-80 (Malakand Protected Area-II) in 1988 Pakistani general election. They received 12,079 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Ahmad Hussain Khan.
They ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Alliance (PDA) from Constituency PF-80 (Malakand Protected Area-II) in 1990 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 9,569 votes and lost the seat to Fazle Haq, a candidate of Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IJI).
They ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as an independent candidate from Constituency PF-80 (Malakand Protected Area-II) in 1993 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 3,447 votes and lost the seat to Ghani Muhammad Khan, a candidate of PPP.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-35 (Malakand Protected Area) as a candidate of PPP in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 17,538 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Inayat Ur-Rehman, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-35 (Malakand Protected Area) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 34,472 votes and defeated Nisar Muhammad, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (Sherpao) (PPP-S). In November 2008, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as the Federal Minister for Special Initiatives where they continued to serve until December 2010. From December 2012 to February 2011, they remained in the federal cabinet with the status of federal minister without any portfolio.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-35 (Malakand) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 19,081 votes and lost the seat to Junaid Akbar.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Malakand District
Living people
North-West Frontier Province MPAs 1988–1990
Year of birth missing (living people)
Parks in Hong Kong may refer to:
Conservation in Hong Kong (which covers country parks and special areas)
Marine parks in Hong Kong
Urban public parks and gardens in Hong Kong
The flavan-4-ols (3-deoxyflavonoids) are flavone-derived alcohols and a family of flavonoids. Flavan-4-ols are colorless precursor compounds that polymerize to form red phlobaphene pigments. They can be found in the sorghum. Glycosides (abacopterins A, B, C and D together with triphyllin A and 6,8-dimethyl-7-hydroxy-4‘-methoxyanthocyanidin-5-O-β-d-glucopyranoside) can be isolated from a methanol extract of the rhizomes of Abacopteris penangiana.
Known flavan-4-ols
Apiforol
Luteoforol
Metabolism
Flavanone 4-reductase is an enzyme that uses (2S)-flavan-4-ol and NADP+ to produce (2S)-flavanone, NADPH, and H+.
Spectral data
These compounds have absorption maxima of 564 nm.
References
Samuel G. Benady MBE MB, FRCP, DCH (born 11 September 1937 in Gibraltar) is a Gibraltarian historian, novelist and retired paediatrician of Sephardic Jewish descent. They have been a regular contributor to the Gibraltar Heritage Trust's Journal, and lecturer in the Gibraltar Museum, and author of several works related to the history of Gibraltar and also works of fiction. According to the Gibraltar Chronicle, Benady is "Gibraltar's well known and prolific author".
Dr Benady was born in Gibraltar, where their family has lived since the 18th century, and received their Medicine degree in London. They worked as a paediatrician in Bristol, Jerusalem and Gibraltar, where they ran the Child Health service. Benady worked for the Gibraltar Health Authority from 1980 until their retirement in 2002. In 2007 they were appointed a MBE "for services to health care and voluntary work".
Work
In 1990, Benady published two short stories in Sherlock Holmes in Gibraltar. These pastiches are set in the pre-Watson days. In the first one, The Abandoned Brigantine, Sherlock Holmes reveals the solution to the mystery of the Mary Celeste, while in the second, The Gibraltar Letter, the detective solves the case of the abduction of the Duke of Connaught while they were posted to Gibraltar. In 1992, after reading La compra de Gibraltar por los conversos andaluces, ("The purchase of Gibraltar by Andalusian conversos"), a monograph by Diego Lamelas about the story of the Cordova conversos who purchased Gibraltar in the 15th century, Benady translated and published it in English as The Sale of Gibraltar in 1474. Then, they approached the history of St. Bernard's Hospital, publishing Civil Hospital and Epidemics in Gibraltar. Diary of an Epidemic and Passing through the Fever (both co-authored with Prof. L A Sawchuk) were published in 2003 and 2005. In 2005, Benady approached the biography genre, publishing a work on Sir George Don, Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar from 1814 to 1831.The Keys of the City: An Episode in the History of Gibraltar, also published in 2005, is a historical novel based in their former translation of Lamelas' work. A Spanish translation by Cayetano Ramirez has been published in 2015 by Nagrela Editores of Madrid, with the title Las llaves de Gibraltar. Next came a detective mystery series of seven novels set in 18th and 19th century Gibraltar featuring the amateur detective Giovanni Bresciano, co-authored with Mary Chiappe. Their latest project is 'A Pictorial History of Gibraltar' with Sarah Devincenzi (illustrator), published in 2019.
Publications
Sherlock Holmes in Gibraltar (Gibraltar Books) 1990
The Sale of Gibraltar in 1474: To the New Christians of Cordova, translation into English of La compra de Gibraltar por los conversos andaluces by Diego Lamelas (Gibraltar Books) 1992
Civil Hospital and Epidemics in Gibraltar (Gibraltar Books) 1994
Diary of an epidemic: Yellow Fever in Gibraltar, 1828 (co-author) (Gibraltar Government Heritage Division), 2003
Passing Through the Fever (co-author) (Diva Media, Toronto) 2005
General Sir George Don and the Dawn of Gibraltarian Identity (Gibraltar Books) 2005
The Keys of the City: An Episode in the History of Gibraltar (Gibraltar Books) 2005.
The Murder in Whirligig Lane (co-author) (Calpe Press) 2010.
Fall of a Sparrow. (HKB Press) (co-author) 2010.
The Pearls of Tangier (Rock Scorpion Books) (co-author) 2011.
The Prince's Lady (Two Pillars Press) (co-author) 2012.
The Devil's Tongue (Two Pillars Press) (co-author) 2013.
Death in Paradise Ramp (Two Pillars Press) (co-author) 2014.
The Dead can't Paint (Two Pillars Press) (co-author) 2015.
A Pictorial History of Gibraltar (Two Pillars Press) (co-author) 2019.
See also
List of authors of new Sherlock Holmes stories
References
External links
The Keys of the City: Sam Benady's writing blog
http://brescianogibraltarmysteries.blogspot.com/
About Sam Benady in Calpe Press web site.
British short story writers
Gibraltarian historians
Gibraltarian Sephardi Jews
Jewish historians
British paediatricians
Living people
Gibraltarian writers
1937 births
Seda Pumpyanskaya is a Russian journalist and publicist, currently Vice President of the Skolkovo Foundation and a former Senior Adviser on Communications and Outreach to the Council of Europe.
Pumpyanskaya is a daughter of Russian journalist Alexander Pumpyansky, and was educated at Moscow State University, followed by a year of studies at Harvard University as a Nieman Fellow.
From 2005 to 2010, they were the Council of Europe's Director of Communication under then-Secretary General Rt. Hon. Terry Davis, also serving as a Member of the Executive Board.
From 1999 to 2004, they held several executive positions in public affairs and communications with the United Nations, working in Guatemala, Kosovo, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Before joining the United Nations, Pumpyanskaya was a journalist and worked with some media in Moscow, including The New Times and Russian Newsweek. From 1991 to 1996, they were Moscow bureau's Staff Correspondent for Spanish newspaper El País. They also worked for the BBC in London from 1996 to 1997, where they were involved in making a documentary on Mikhail Gorbachev and worked on a special feature on Pope John Paul II, as well as other topics for the BBC's 'Correspondent' programme. In 1995, they worked for Radio Free Europe in Prague.
Pumpyanskaya is a member the European Association of Communication Directors. They participate in media events, networking with policymakers and media executives, including those organised by the World Association of Newspapers.
References
1965 births
Living people
Moscow State University alumni
Russian public relations people
Journalists from Moscow
Thomas Glacier () is a roughly Z-shaped glacier which drains the southeast slopes of Vinson Massif and flows for 17 nautical miles (31 km) through the south part of the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains, leaving the range between Doyran and Petvar Heights south of Johnson Spur.
The glacier was discovered by U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6 on photographic flights of December 14–15, 1959, and mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from the photos. It was named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for R. Admiral Charles W. Thomas, USCG, veteran of Antarctic expeditions in the 1950s.
Tributaries glaciers
Kornicker Glacier
Saltzman Glacier
Sowers Glacier
Aster Glacier
Della Pia Glacier
Obelya Glacier
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
References
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Usermaatre Osorkon IV was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the late Third Intermediate Period. Traditionally considered the last king of the 22nd Dynasty, they were de facto little more than ruler in Tanis and Bubastis, in Lower Egypt.  They are generally – though not universally – identified with the King Shilkanni mentioned by Assyrian sources, and with the biblical So, King of Egypt mentioned in the second Books of Kings (17:4).
Osorkon ruled during one of the most chaotic and politically fragmented periods of ancient Egypt, in which the Nile Delta was dotted with small Libyan kingdoms and principalities and Meshwesh dominions; as the last heir of the Tanite rulers, they inherited the easternmost parts of these kingdoms, the most involved in all the political and military upheavals that soon would afflict the Near East. During their reign, they had to face the power of, and ultimately submit themselves to, the Kushite King Piye during Piye's conquest of Egypt. Osorkon IV also had to deal with the threatening Neo-Assyrian Empire outside their eastern borders.
Reign
Early years
Osorkon IV ascended to the throne of Tanis in c. 730 BC, at the end of the long reign of their predecessor Shoshenq V of the 22nd Dynasty, who was possibly also their father. However, this somewhat traditional collocation was first challenged in 1970 by Karl-Heinz Priese, who preferred to place Osorkon IV in a lower–Egyptian branch of the 23rd Dynasty, right after the reign of the shadowy pharaoh Pedubast II; this placement found the support of a certain number of scholars. Osorkon's mother, named on an electrum aegis of Sekhmet now in the Louvre, was Tadibast III. Osorkon IV's realm was restricted only to the district of Tanis (Rˁ-nfr) and the territory of Bubastis, both in the eastern Nile Delta. Their neighbors were Libyan princes and Meshwesh chiefs who ruled their small realms outside of their authority.
Around 729/28 BC, soon after their accession, Osorkon IV faced the crusade led by the Kushite pharaoh Piye of the Nubian 25th Dynasty. Along with other rulers of Lower and Middle Egypt – mainly Nimlot of Hermopolis and Iuput II of Leontopolis – Osorkon IV joined the coalition led by the Chief of the West Tefnakht in order to oppose the Nubian. However, Piye's advance was unstoppable and the opposing rulers surrendered one after another: Osorkon IV found it wise to reach the Temple of Ra at Heliopolis and pay homage to their new overlord Piye personally— an action which was soon imitated by the other rulers. As reported on their Victory Stela, Piye accepted their submission, but Osorkon and most of the rulers were not allowed to enter the royal enclosure because they were not circumcised and had eaten fish, both abominations in the eyes of the Nubian. Nevertheless, Osorkon IV and the others were allowed to keep their former domains and authority.
The Assyrian threat
In 726/25 BC Hoshea, the last King of Israel, rebelled against the Assyrian King Shalmaneser V who demanded an annual tribute, and, according to the second Book of Kings, sought the support of So, King of Egypt (2 Kings 17:4) who, as already mentioned, was most likely Osorkon IV (see below). For reasons which remained unknown – possibly in order to remain neutral towards the powerful Neo-Assyrian Empire, or simply because they did not have enough power or resources – King So did not help Hoshea, who was subsequently defeated and deposed by Shalmaneser V. The Kingdom of Israel ceased to exist, many Israelites were brought to Assyria as exiles, and Assyrian and Babylonian settlers occupied Israel.
In 720 BC, a revolt occurred in Palestine against the new Assyrian King Sargon II, led by King Hanno (also Hanun and Hanuna) of Gaza who sought the help of "Pirʾu of Musri", a term most probably meaning "Pharaoh of Egypt" and referring to Osorkon IV. Assyrian sources claim that this time the Egyptian king did send a turtanu (an army–commander) called Reʾe or Reʾu (his Egyptian name was Raia, though in the past it was read Sibʾe) as well as troops in order to support their neighboring ally. However, the coalition was defeated in battle at Raphia. Reʾe fled back to Egypt, Raphia and Gaza were looted and Hanno was burnt alive by the Assyrians.
In 716 BC, Sargon II almost reached Egypt's boundaries. Feeling directly threatened this time, Osorkon IV (here called Shilkanni by Assyrian sources, see below) was carefully diplomatic: they personally met the Assyrian king at the "Brook of Egypt" (most likely el-Arish) and tributed them with a present which Sargon personally described as "twelve large horses of Egypt without equals in Assyria". The Assyrian king appreciated their gifts and did not take action against Osorkon IV.
End
No mention of Osorkon IV is known after 716 BC. Some archaeological findings suggest that shortly after this date, Bocchoris (Bakenrenef) of the 24th Dynasty may have expanded their realm eastward, supplanting Osorkon at Tanis. In 712 BC, Piye's successor Shebitku marched northward and defeated Bocchoris. When around the same year King Iamani of Ashdod sought refuge from Sargon II in Egypt, Shebitku was in fact the sole ruler of Egypt, and returned Iamani to the Assyrians in chains. In any case, Osorkon IV was seemingly dead before that year.
A few years later a man called Gemenefkhonsbak, possibly a descendant of the now-defunct 22nd Dynasty, claimed for themselves the pharaonic royal titles and ruled in Tanis as its prince.
Identification with Shilkanni and So
It is believed that Shilkanni is a rendering of (U)shilkan, which in turn is derived from (O)sorkon – hence Osorkon IV – as first proposed by William F. Albright in 1956. This identification is accepted by several scholars while others remain uncertain or even skeptical. Shilkanni is reported by Assyrians as "King of Musri": this location, once believed to be a country in northern Arabia by the Orientalist Hans Alexander Winckler, is certainly to be identified with Egypt instead. In the same way, the "Pir'u of Musri" to whom Hanno of Gaza asked for help in 720 BC could only have been Osorkon IV. The identity of the biblical King So is somewhat less definite. Generally, an abbreviation of (O)so(rkon) is again considered the most likely by several scholars, but the concurrent hypothesis which equates So with the city of Sais, hence with King Tefnakht, is supported by a certain number of scholars.
Attestations
Osorkon IV is attested by Assyrian documents (as Shilkanni and other epithets) and probably also by the Books of Kings (as King So), while Manetho's epitomes seem to have ignored him.  They are undoubtedly attested by the well-known Victory Stela of Piye on which they are depicted while prostrating in front of the owner of the stela along with other submitted rulers. Another finding almost certainly referring to them is the asupervisorstioned aegis of Sekhmet, found at Bubastis and mentioning a King Osorkon son of queen Tadibast who–as the name does not coincide with those of any of the other Osorkon kings' mothers–can only be Osorkon IV's mother.
About the throne name
Osorkon's throne name was thought to be Aakheperre Setepenamun from a few monuments naming a namesake pharaoh Osorkon, such as a faience seal and a relief–block, both in the Rijksmuseum van Oudheden in Leiden, but this attribution was questioned by Frederic Payraudeau in 2000. According to him, these findings could rather be assigned to an earlier Aakheperre Osorkon – i.e., the distant predecessor Osorkon the Elder of the 21st Dynasty – thus implying that Osorkon IV's real throne name was unknown. Furthermore, in 2010/11 a French expedition discovered in the Temple of Mut at Tanis two blocks bearing a relief of a King Usermaa(t)re Osorkonu, depicted in a quite archaizing style, which at first were attributed to Osorkon III. In 2014, on the basis of the style of both the relief and the royal name, Aidan Dodson rejected the identification of this king with both the already-known kings Usermaatre Osorkon (Osorkon II and III) and stated that they were rather Osorkon IV with their true throne name. A long-known, archaizing "glassy faience" statuette fragment from Memphis now exhibited at the Petrie Museum (UC13128) which is inscribed for one King Usermaatre, had been tentatively attributed to several pharaohs from Piye to Rudamun of the Theban 23rd Dynasty and even to Amyrtaios of the 28th Dynasty, but may in fact represent Osorkon IV.
See also
Pharaohs in the Bible for other historical or conjectural pharaohs cited in the Bible
References
Bibliography
External links
8th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Twenty-second Dynasty of Egypt
Pharaohs of the Twenty-third Dynasty of Egypt
8th-century BC biblical rulers
Pharaohs in the Bible
Alinur Aktaş (born 1970, in İnegöl, Turkey) is a Turkish politician in the AKP and the current Mayor of Bursa since 2017.
Personal life
They were born in 1970, in the İnegöl district of the Bursa Province. After graduating from primary school and high school in İnegöl, they graduated from Uludağ University in Bursa. Alinur Aktaş is married and is also a father to two children.
Politics
Their political life began as a member of AKP. They were elected as the Mayor of İnegöl in the 28 March 2004 elections. During their time being mayor, İnegöl became the second biggest city of the Southern Marmara Region. After the resignation of Bursa Mayor Recep Altepe, Alinur Aktaş was elected to be their successor.  They are famous for putting themselves on multiple payrolls by appointing themselves as the president of every city council owned company.
References
Living people
1970 births
Mayors of places in Turkey
Justice and Development Party (Turkey) politicians
21st-century Turkish politicians
Joseph Ferrers (1725–1797), was an English Carmelite friar.
Ferrers was probably descended from a younger branch of the family of that name seated at Baddesley Clinton in Warwickshire. They were professed in one of the foreign convents in 1745, and ordained priest in 1749, after which they came on the English mission. They became provincial of the English Carmelites, and died in London 29 August 1797, aged 72. They published ‘A Discourse pronounced … in the Chapel of their Excellency the Neapolitan Ambassador, in the Solemn Service celebrated 9 February 1793 for Louis XVI, late King of France. In French and English,' 8vo, London, 1793.
References
1725 births
1797 deaths
18th-century English people
Carmelites
18th-century English writers
18th-century English male writers
18th-century English Roman Catholic priests
Yelifanovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 27 as of 2002.
Geography
Yelifanovskaya is located 33 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yelifanovskaya Vystavka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Sir George Doughty (13 March 1854 – 27 April 1914) was a British ship-owner and politician from Grimsby in Lincolnshire. They sat in the House of Commons for most of the period from 1895 to 1914.
Doughty was the son of William Doughty from Grimsby. They were educated at the Wesleyan Higher Grade School in Grimsby, and became a merchant, a ship-owner, and a partner in the Grimsby-based firm of Hagerup, Doughty and Company Ltd. They became an alderman of Grimsby, and was twice Mayor of the town, and was a Justice of the Peace (J.P.) for the Lindsey area of Lincolnshire.
Standing as a member of the Liberal Party, Doughty was elected at the 1895 general election as the Member of Parliament for Great Grimsby, defeating the sitting Liberal Unionist MP Edward Heneage; by a narrow majority of just 181 votes (2.2%).
However, in 1898 Doughty themselves left the Liberal Party to join the Liberal Unionists, and offered themselves to the voters of Grimsby for re-election. They resigned their seat on 21 July by taking the post of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds,
and at the resulting by-election they were re-elected on 2 August with an increased majority of 1,751 votes (21.5% of the total).
They were returned unopposed in 1900, and held the seat at a contested election in 1906 with a majority of 18.2% of the votes. However, at the January 1910 election they were defeated by the Liberal Party candidate Thomas Wing.
They ousted Wing at the December 1910 election, retaking the seat with a majority 698 votes (4.6%), and two years later became a Conservative Party MP when the Liberal Unionists formally merged with Conservatives (although in practice the two parties had been largely indistinguishable for more than a decade).
They were knighted in the King's Birthday Honours in 1904.
In July 1907 Doughty was engaged to be married again, to Australian journalist and author Eugenia Stone. They married on 16 August 1907 at the (Catholic) Church of St James, Manchester Square, London.
In April 1914, Doughty died suddenly at Waltham Old Hall, Lincolnshire, aged 60. They had been in "indifferent health for some months" following an operation in New York while travelling back to England from British Columbia.
References
External links
1854 births
1914 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Liberal Unionist Party MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1895–1900
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs 1906–1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
British businesspeople in shipping
English justices of the peace
Mayors of Grimsby
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Great Grimsby
19th-century British businesspeople
The Oak Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Lawrence, Kansas. It was first constructed as a way for the people of Lawrence to remember those who were killed in Quantrill's Raid. Several prominent Kansans are buried there, including Charles L. Robinson, John P. Usher, and James H. Lane. It was built in 1866.
References
Lawrence, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Douglas County, Kansas
Cemeteries in Kansas
1866 establishments in Kansas
Ein Sarid (, lit. Survivor Spring) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1950 as a ma'abara. It was expanded in 1989 and again in 1994; the new part becoming known as Ein Sarid HaHadasha (lit. New Ein Sarid).
References
External links
Official website
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
Richard "Rick" DeBruhl (born June 22, 1955) is an American auto racing and automobile auction commentator.  They are currently the TV voice of the Barrett Jackson collector car auctions on the A&E Networks. DeBruhl previously worked in radio before becoming a television personality and journalist for the NBC affiliate in Phoenix, Arizona. Their motorsports work began on ESPN in 1988 and lasted for nearly thirty years.
Biography
DeBruhl grew up in Canoga Park, California and graduated from California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo with a degree in journalism. They later received a Master's in Journalism from the University of Missouri. They began their career at KATY Radio in San Luis Obispo, CA, then moved into television at KCOY-TV in Santa Maria, CA.  They are married with two sons.
Career
Rick DeBruhl currently covers the Barrett Jackson collector car auctions for the A&E Networks (The History Channel and FYI,). They previously worked as a pit reporter for ESPN most recently covering the IndyCar Series airing on ABC. They also worked as an American local television sportscaster, reporter and anchor, working with the NBC affiliate KPNX-TV from 1978 to 2009.
DeBruhl began their work with ESPN in 1988, after writing freelance articles for the Detroit-based publication Autoweek. Beginning in 1988 DeBruhl worked on coverage of various forms of racing including International Motor Sports Association (IMSA), Trans-Am Series, Formula One, Champ Car, off road, Superbike racing and NASCAR. They also previously hosted the Thursday Night Thunder anthology series. In 2002, they moved to Speed (TV channel) as the play-by-play voice for Formula One and began covering the Barrett-Jackson Collector Car Auctions. DeBruhl returned to ESPN in 2009 as a pit reporter for their Verizon IndyCar Series coverage as well as selected American LeMans Series events. They would later also serve as a substitute pit reporter for the network's NASCAR coverage at the standalone NASCAR Nationwide Series races such as Montreal. DeBruhl would work for ESPN until 2018, when the network experienced financial problems and lost their television rights for IndyCar and the Indianapolis 500 to NBC.
Awards
DeBruhl has won numerous awards for reporting including three Rocky Mountain Emmy Awards. They also received awards from the Arizona Press Club, Arizona Associated Press, the Arizona chapter of the American Women in Radio and Television (Reporter of the Year award in 1999), and Arizona State University (Diversity award in 2006). DeBruhl was also inducted into the National Academy of Television Arts and Science's Silver Circle in 2001.
Books
DeBruhl has written two books, Communicating at the Right Speed: 52 Ways to Fix Your Professional Communication Troubles and The Insider's Guide to Media Training: 99 Tips to Survive Your Interview in the Digital Age (with Kevin Riggs).
References
1955 births
Living people
ESPN announcers
Motorsport announcers
Ian Wallace (born 1943 in Shoreham, England) is a Canadian artist, living and working in Vancouver, British Columbia. Wallace has been an influential figure in the development of an internationally acknowledged photographic and conceptual art practice in Vancouver since 1965.
Artistic practice
Wallace has exhibited painting and photography nationally and internationally since 1965.  They are known for juxtaposing monochrome painting and photography in a way that problematizes the differences between the two mediums, referencing aesthetic and social issues through themes of the studio, the museum and the street.
Education and teaching
Wallace taught Art History at the University of British Columbia from 1967 to 1970, and then at the Vancouver School of Art (now Emily Carr University of Art and Design) from 1972 to 1998, where they taught a contemporary art course titled Art Now that was one of the earliest to introduce the art of the recent past into the art history curriculum. As a professor, they have had a significant role in shaping the contemporary art scene and advised artist, such as Kelly Wood. Through their emphasis on the importance of a knowledge of art history, their support for visiting artist programs, and their progressive courses that examined the common history of various media including film, photography, and painting, Wallace influenced a generation of artists emerging from the Vancouver scene, including members of the so-called Vancouver School of artists, Jeff Wall, Ken Lum, Stan Douglas, Roy Arden and Rodney Graham.
Awards
In 2004, Wallace received a Governor General's Awards in Visual and Media Arts.
They were also named an Officer of the Order of Canada, second highest honour for merit, in December 2012. In 2016 they were inducted into the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
Gallery
Bibliography
Ian Wallace: At the Intersection of Painting and Photography, Vancouver Art Gallery, Vancouver and Black Dog Publishing, London UK, 2012
Tropismes, Galerie Greta Meert, 2012
Ian Wallace: The Economy of the Image, The Power Plant, Toronto, 2010
Ian Wallace: A Literature of Images, Kunsthalle Zürich, Kunstverein für die Rheinlande und Westflen, Düsseldorf, Witte de With, co-published by Sternberg Press, 2008
In the Studio: Ian Wallace, Vancouver: Charles H. Scott Gallery, 2007
Ian Wallace: Clayoquot Protest, Sprengel Museum Hannover, 1998
Ian Wallace: The Idea of the University, Vancouver: Fine Arts Gallery, University of British Columbia, 1990
Ian Wallace: Images, Saint Étienne: Maison de la Culture, 1989
Ian Wallace: Selected Works, 1970 - 1987, Vancouver: Vancouver Art Gallery, 1988
References
1943 births
Living people
Artists from Vancouver
Canadian photographers
University of British Columbia faculty
Canadian conceptual artists
Governor General's Award in Visual and Media Arts winners
Officers of the Order of Canada
Members of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts
Tūmatauenga (Tū of the angry face) is the primary god () of war and human activities such as hunting, food cultivation, fishing, and cooking in Māori mythology.
In creation stories, Tū suggests killing their parents to allow light into the world. After they are instead separated, they war with their brothers and becomes the origin of humanity's activities, and the reasons for their behaviour when interacting with the creations of their brothers.
As the god of war, all were dedicated to them and they were treated with the greatest respect and awe. Tūmatauenga inspires the New Zealand Army's Māori name: where all soldiers are deemed of the same iwi ("tribe") under the deity's patronage regardless of racial heritage. The marae is often considered the – fiery ovens of Tūmatauenga – the realm of Tūmatauenga, whereas all areas where battles take place become – the battle domain of Tūmatauenga.
Names and epithets
After their victories over their brothers, Tū assumed many names; one name for each of the characteristics they displayed in their victories over their brothers, including:
Tū-kā-riri (Tū the angry)
Tū-ka-nguha (Tū the fierce fighter)
Tū-kai-tangata (Tū who destroys humankind)
Tū-kai-taua (Tū the destroyer of armies)
Tū-mata-whāiti (Tū the cunning)
Tū-mata-uenga (Tū of the angry face)
Tū-tawake (Tū who hastens)
Tū-te-ngaehe (Tū who tears apart)
Tū-whakaheke-tangata (Tū the demoter of personages)
Tū-whakamoana-ariki (Tū who enriches the sea)
Earth's creation
A traditional creation story tells that all the children of Rangi and Papa, the sky father and earth mother, lay in a tight embrace together, their children forced to crawl in the darkness between the two. One day, their children become so sick of this that they discuss a plan to separate them and allow light into the world. Tū advises their brothers to kill their parents, but the kinder proposal of Tāne is accepted and they instead force the primordial pair apart.
In a Te Arawa version, Tū thinks about the actions of Tāne in separating their parents, and makes snares to catch the birds, the children of Tāne, who can no longer fly free. They then makes nets, and traps the children of Tangaroa. They make holes to dig the ground, capturing their brothers Rongo-mā-Tāne and Haumia-tiketike, heaping them into baskets to be eaten. Of all the children of Ranginui and Papatūānuku, Tāwhirimātea fought Tūmatauenga to a standstill and forced them to withdraw, making them the only brother that Tūmatauenga cannot subdue completely, whose storms and hurricanes attack humankind to this day because of their indignation at the actions of their brothers.
Although Ranginui and Papatūānuku were not human in form, Tūmatauenga and their brothers were. Humankind - the descendants of Tūmatauenga - increased upon the earth, until the generation of Māui and their brothers.
Tūmatauenga's actions against their brothers provide a pattern for human activities. Because Tūmatauenga defeated their brothers, people can now, if they perform the appropriate rituals, kill and eat birds (the children of Tāne), fish (the children of Tangaroa), cultivate and harvest plants for food (the children of Rongo-mā-Tāne and Haumia-tiketike), and generally harness the resources of the natural world. Tūmatauenga is also the originator of warfare, and people make war now because Tūmatauenga provided the example. When rituals were performed over warriors before a battle, or when an infant was dedicated to a future role as a fighter, Tūmatauenga was invoked as the source of their duty. The body of the first warrior to fall in a battle was often offered up to Tūmatauenga. While Tūmatauenga is the origin of war, powerful local deities such as Kahukura, Maru, or Uenuku were also called upon during times of war.
In popular culture
A song by Alien Weaponry, (eat people), from the album constantly refers to Tūmatauenga, as the god of war; cannibalism was a part of warfare for the Māori. also referred to the people eaters - or groups of men tasked with fighting and gathering food. In addition, Kaitangata was a mortal who was taught how to fish.
See also
Kū
Maru
Uenuku
References
External links
Tūmatauenga by Cliff Whiting
Tūmatauenga by Adam Williams and Joshua Watene
Tūmatauenga at Eden Park by Boydie Te Nahu, October 2010
Hunting gods
Māori gods
Māori mythology
War gods
Music For Your Mother is a compilation album by Funkadelic featuring songs recorded for Westbound Records during the band's career with that label from 1968 to 1976. The compilation includes the A-sides and B-sides of every Funkadelic single released during Funkadelic's tenure at Westbound. Some of the tracks here originated as alternate versions of album tracks or as non-album B-sides, and some were previously unreleased. Two tracks, "I Miss My Baby" and "Baby I Owe You Something Good" (original version) were originally released by Westbound under the group name U.S. Music With Funkadelic, which was probably meant to denote "U.S. with music by Funkadelic" or simply "U.S. with Funkadelic." U.S. refers to the band United Soul that had been discovered and produced by George Clinton in 1971, and which contained future Parliament-Funkadelic members Garry Shider and Cordell Mosson.
The CD booklet features an extensive 20,000-word article by music writer and Parliament-Funkadelic historian Rob Bowman. In the 2000s, many of the non-LP tracks included in this anthology were added as bonus tracks on Westbound CD reissues of their respective original albums.
Track listing
Disc One
Disc Two
References
Other sources
Liner notes to Music For Your Mother by Rob Bowman, 1992.
External links
Music for Your Mother: Funkadelic 45s at Discogs
The Motherpage
1993 compilation albums
Funkadelic albums
Five Days One Summer is a 1982 American romantic drama film directed and produced by Fred Zinnemann from a screenplay by Michael Austin, based on the 1929 short story Maiden, Maiden by Kay Boyle. Set primarily in the Alps, the story focuses on Douglas Meredith (Sean Connery) and their supposed wife Kate (Betsy Brantley) as they embark on a mountain climbing trip, which unravels their relationship due to Kate's feelings for their mountain guide (Lambert Wilson) as well as a dark secret that looms over the couple.
Five Days One Summer served as Zinnermann's final film before their death. The film was a commercial and critical failure.
Plot
In 1932, Douglas Meredith, a middle-aged Scottish doctor, is on a mountain climbing trip in the Alps with a young woman, Kate, whom they introduce as their wife. Despite being side-eyed by their hotel's guests and staff due to their large age difference, Douglas and Kate are absorbed with a psychological melancholy and remain committed to each other. They are introduced to Johann Biari, a native of the area who becomes their mountain guide.
Flashbacks reveal that Kate is actually Douglas' niece and they are in a secret incestuous relationship. Kate had been in love with their uncle since they were a little girl, and was despondent when they had to leave to set up their practice in India when they were just a child. Years later, the adult Kate works at their family-owned shipbuilding factory which they stand to inherit from their late father, Douglas' brother, alongside Douglas. As the family reunites to discuss matters about the factory, Kate happily reunites with their uncle, who had returned from India, but their mood shifts when they introduce them to their wife, Sarah. Douglas and Kate rekindle their longtime close relationship, as Kate pursues their uncle and Douglas begins admiring their niece's beauty now that they have grown up. When Sarah and Kate's mother leave for a trip to the market, the two succumb to their feelings for each other and begin a romantic and sexual affair. Douglas plans for both of them to have a vacation to the Alps in the guise of family bonding so that they could pursue their relationship without their family noticing, despite Sarah's suspicions of the two.
As the couple elopes in the Alps, Kate and Douglas are happy to finally be in a place where they could be open as lovers. Johann leads Douglas and Kate around the mountains. As they return, they see a crowd of people unraveling a frozen-in-time dead body. It turns out to be the body of Johann's grand-uncle; they never returned from a trip the day before their wedding, with their bride now an elderly woman. Johann and Kate are compassionate about the reunited lovers, but Douglas is nonchalant about it.
Douglas and Kate begin having cracks in their idyllic relationship as Douglas begins pursuing more self-centered interests, while Johann and Kate begin having unspoken feelings for each other, which Douglas begins to notice. Eventually, Kate admits to Johann that they are not Douglas' wife and they are already married to someone else, though they do not disclose that they are also relatives. Johann attempts to plead with Kate that their relationship with Douglas is doomed. Kate begins to have fits of sadness and arguments with Douglas after realizing that their relationship cannot be made public even if Douglas leaves Sarah due to the taboo nature of their affair.
Later, Douglas requests Johann to guide them through a potentially dangerous climb to the top of the Maiden mountain. As the two traverse the route, Kate, disillusioned by their uncle's true personality and realizing that their relationship with them will not work out, writes a letter to Douglas on their intentions to leave him. Atop the Maiden, Johann confronts Douglas about being a married man and for using Kate, while Douglas defends themselves in saying they are serious about their relationship with them They put aside their differences as they head down the mountain, but they are caught in a cliffside rock fall. Johann is killed in the fall while Douglas survives. They return to the town and shares the news to a heartbroken Kate while Johann's body is retrieved. As Douglas joins Johann's funeral, Kate decides to leave ahead and shares one last embrace with Douglas before they leaf.
Cast
Sean Connery as Douglas Meredith
Betsy Brantley as Kate Meredith
Lambert Wilson as Johann Biari
Jennifer Hilary as Sarah Meredith
Isabel Dean as Kate's Mother
Gérard Buhr as Brendel
Anna Massey as Jennifer Pierce
Sheila Reid as Gillian Pierce
Reception
Five Days One Summer received negative reviews from critics and was a box-office bomb. It was the final film directed by Fred Zinnemann. They later remarked that "I'm not saying it was a good picture, but there was a degree of viciousness in the reviews. The pleasure some people took in tearing down the film really hurt."
References
External links
1982 films
1982 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Incest in film
Films scored by Elmer Bernstein
Films directed by Fred Zinnemann
Films set in 1932
Films set in the Alps
Films set in Switzerland
Mountaineering films
Warner Bros. films
The Ladd Company films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Schönhausen (Elbe) () is a railway station located in Schönhausen, Germany. The station is located on the Berlin-Lehrte Railway. The train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn.
Train services
The station is serves by the following service(s):
Local services Stendal - Rathenow
References
Railway stations in Saxony-Anhalt
Vasily Chapayev was a Russian soldier and Red Army commander.
Chapayev or Chapaev may also refer to:
Places
Chapaev, Kazakhstan, a town in Akzhaik District, West Kazakhstan Region, Kazakhstan
in Kyrgyzstan:
Chapaev, Osh, a village in Nookat District, Osh Region
Chapaev, Chüy, a village in Chüy District, Chüy Region
Chapaev, Batken, a village in Leylek District, Batken Region
Other
Chapayev (game), a board game
Chapaev (film), a 1934 film
Chapayev-class cruiser, a class of Soviet light cruisers
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Wearing of Face Coverings) (England) Regulations 2021 (SI 2021/1340) is a statutory instrument (SI) made by the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care in response to the Omicron variant during the COVID-19 pandemic. Subject to some exceptions, it required members of the public in England to wear a face covering on public transport and in most indoor shops between 30 November 2021 and 26 January 2022. The regulations were similar to previous face covering regulations that had been revoked in July 2021.
Legal basis
The regulations were introduced by way of a Statutory Instrument made by the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care using emergency powers available under the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. The regulations themselves state the legal basis for using such powers, namely "the serious and imminent threat to public health which is posed by the incidence and spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in England"; the restrictions are said to be "proportionate to what they seek to achieve, which is a public health response to the threat."
The regulations were made and laid before parliament on 29 November 2021, and came into force the next day. The Secretary of State used section 45R of the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984 to enact the regulations without prior parliamentary consideration, subject to retrospective approval by resolution of each House of Parliament within twenty-eight days.
Geographical scope
The regulations applied in England only (the rules were different in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland).
Face coverings
Any type of face covering was considered acceptable under the regulations, provided that it covered the wearer's nose and mouth; there was no requirement to wear a 'mask'.
Requirement to wear a face covering in a relevant place
Subject to some exceptions, nobody was allowed – unless they had "reasonable excuse" – to enter or remain in a "relevant place" without wearing a face covering. The definition of "relevant place" changed over time, as follows:
Exceptions
The "relevant place" requirements did not apply to children under 11, to workers who were unlikely to come into close contact with the public, or to police or emergency responders.
From 10 December 2021, exemptions were also provided for elite sportspeople, coaches, referees, professional dancers, choreographers and performers, but only while undertaking their respective activities. Also exempted were couples being married.
Requirement to wear a face covering on public transport
Subject to some exceptions, nobody was allowed – unless they had a "reasonable excuse" – to board or to be on board a public transport vehicle without wearing a face covering.
Exceptions
The public transport requirements did not apply to children under 11, to public transport workers, or to police or emergency responders. There was also no requirement to wear a face covering where the public transport vehicle had no roof or where the person was in a private cabin or berth. No covering was needed for passengers who were being transported within their own private vehicle.
From 10 December 2021, an exemption was also provided for performers on public transport performing in the course of their employment or in the course of providing their service.
Reasonable excuse
The regulations provided a list of excuses for not wearing a face covering which were considered to be "reasonable", while not excluding other possibilities:
person unable to comply due to a disability, or where it would cause severe distress
to facilitate lip reading
to avoid the risk of harm or to receive medical treatment
person avoiding injury or escaping a risk of harm has no covering with them
where reasonably necessary to eat, drink or take medication
where instructed to do so by an official
where requested in a pharmacy.
From 10 December 2021, a further excuse was added: where it was reasonably necessary to sing as part of a choir, or during a service, rehearsal or performance.
Signage
Those responsible for premises and for public transport services were required to inform customers, for example by displaying a notice, that face coverings had to be worn unless an exception applied or the customer has reasonable excuse.
No prevention
Businesses were not permitted to prevent or seek to prevent the wearing of face coverings on their premises. Doing so without reasonable excuse was an offence.
Offences and enforcement
It was a criminal offence to contravene the regulations, and offenders could be prosecuted or issued with fixed penalty notices of up to £6400. Both police officers and some other officials had the power to deny access to a "relevant place" and to public transport to anyone not wearing a face covering.
Expiry
The regulations were originally set to expire at the end of 20 December 2021, later extended to the end of 26 January 2022. On 19 January, the prime minister Boris Johnson told the House of Commons that they would not be further extended and would expire as scheduled on 26 January, which they duly did.
Guidelines and external topics
Official Government guidelines published on the day that the regulations came into force set out situations in which face coverings were said to be 'required', but used different terminology. For example the guidance specified mandatory face coverings in premises providing personal care and beauty treatments, estate agents, auction houses, premises providing veterinary services, and takeaways without space for consumption of food or drink on premises.
See also
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Wearing of Face Coverings on Public Transport) (England) Regulations 2020
The Health Protection (Coronavirus, Wearing of Face Coverings in a Relevant Place) (England) Regulations 2020
References
Bibliography
Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom
2021 in England
COVID-19 pandemic in England
Public health in the United Kingdom
2021 in British law
Health law in the United Kingdom
Law associated with the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom
Clarke Quay MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North East line in Singapore River planning area, Singapore, located underneath Eu Tong Sen Street and New Bridge Road near the junctions of Merchant Road and North Canal Road.
Despite its name, Clarke Quay station is not physically located within Clarke Quay which lies on the northern bank of the Singapore River. Rather, the station is built along the southern bank of the river, directly connected to Clarke Quay Central. The station is located on the opposite side of the Singapore River where Clarke Quay is actually situated. This MRT station is near Fort Canning MRT station and Chinatown MRT station.
History
Clarke Quay MRT station was first announced for the North East Line announcement in 4 March 1996. On the 23 June 1997, North East Line Contract 708 was awarded to Nishimatsu Construction – Lum Chang Building Contractors – Bachy Soletanche Singapore Joint-Venture (JV) on 23 June 1997 for $171.2 million.
To facilitate the construction of the MRT station, the government had a mandatory acquisition of HDB flats in Clarke Quay together with Ellenborough Market in 1995-96 and residents were shifted out to the new estates such as Tampines, Jurong West and Bukit Panjang. Residents were told to move out by December 1996 before the eventual demolition in 1997.
Clarke Quay was opened on 20 June 2003 together with all the North East Line stations. Construction work began for the Clarke Quay Central, which is a shopping mall and completed in January 2007.
References
External links
Official website
2003 establishments in Singapore
Singapore River
Railway stations opened in 2003
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
James J. Egan, FAIA, (1839, Cork, Ireland—December 2, 1914, Chicago, Illinois) was an Irish-American architect and fellow of the American Institute of Architects practicing in Chicago, Illinois. They were a partner of the Chicago architectural firms Armstrong & Egan, Egan & Kirkland and Egan & Prindeville, which gained prominence designing Roman Catholic structures.
Early life
Born in Cork, Ireland, Egan was educated at a private academy in Cork, Ireland before graduating from the Government School of Design, Queens College, Cork. They also studied in England before emigrating in 1864. They arrived at Castle Garden, New York City and found work as a draftsman for Richard Upjohn. They continued their training under Charles W. Clinton who had previously trained with Upjohn, and was "one of the most refined designers in the Renaissance styles". They also worked under Clinton's sometime associate Edward Tuckerman Potter of Schenectady, New York, whose tastes leaned toward Gothic Revival.
Chicago
They relocated to Chicago, Illinois shortly after Chicago's great fire in 1871, where they became heavily involved in reconstruction. They also developed strong personal connections with leaders in the Chicago Roman Catholic Church, and received the commission for St. Vincent de Paul Church in Lincoln Park. They and formed several partnerships with fellow architects.
John M. Armstrong was born around 1840 on a farm at Kinzie and Wells Streets. They were a councilman at the age of twenty and is credited with the relocation of the city's first cemetery to make way for Lincoln Park. Around 1874, Egan went into partnership with Armstrong, forming the firm of Armstrong & Egan which designed the City Hall/County Building (1874). Disagreements arose between the City Council and the County Board, with each pursuing their respective portion of the project separately.
Henry W. Hill was born in Elmshorn, Germany and attended the Inst. of Technology ad Polytechnicum in Hamburg. They arrived in Chicago in March 1872 and was employed in the offices of a number of leading architects. Hill worked for Armstrong & Egan on the courthouse project. From 1875 to 1881 Egan partnered with Hill, in the firm Egan & Hill. In 1881, Hill went into partnership with Augustus Bauer. Hill retired to Holstein, Germany in 1914.
Egan & Kirkland
In 1882, they formed a partnership with Alex Kirkland. Kirkland had previously served as Supervising Architect on Armstrong & Egan's City Hall/County Building project.
Hotel St. Benedict Flats, 801 North Wabash Street (1882–1883), a four-story building of luxury apartments on Chicago Avenue at Wabash.
Church of St. Thomas the Apostle (1885), Beloit, Wisconsin.
St. Raphael's Cathedral in Dubuque, Iowa (1886 interior renovation)
St. Mary's Church, Clinton, Iowa (1888, demolished in 2009),
St. Mary of the Assumption Cathedral in San Francisco, California (1891, destroyed by fire in 1962)
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Davenport, Iowa (1891)
St. Ambrose Cathedral in Des Moines, Iowa (1891)
St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church in Milwaukee, Wisconsin (1893)
St. Paul's Church in Burlington, Iowa (1895)
Egan & Prindeville
Egan formed the firm "Egan & Prindeville" with Charles H. Prindeville. It gained prominence building Roman Catholic churches and other structures, including the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh, St. Paul Cathedral (1906). Egan was made a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1913; they died in Chicago in 1914. The firm continued under Charles Prindeville after Egan's death.
St. Francis de Sales Church (1899, demolished), Keokuk, Iowa
St. Vincent de Paul Church in Chicago (1897)
St. Paul Cathedral in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (1906), as Egan & Prindeville
St. Pius V Church, Pilsen neighborhood, Chicago, IL
St. Bridget Church Chicago, Il (demolished, 1992)
Gallery
Structures designed by James J. Egan
References
1839 births
1914 deaths
19th-century American architects
Irish-American culture
People from Cork (city)
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Alumni of University College Cork
American ecclesiastical architects
Gothic Revival architects
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
Architects of Roman Catholic churches
Architects of cathedrals
Defunct architecture firms based in Chicago
Bannerman's sunbird (Cyanomitra bannermani) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Zambia.
Its scientific and common names honor the ornithologist David Armitage Bannerman.
References
Bannerman's sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Bannerman's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Amman Kovil Thiruvizha is a 1990 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Murugan Kalainjanam. The film stars Nizhalgal Ravi and Kanaka .
Cast
Nizhalgal Ravi
Kanaka
Goundamani
Senthil
Kovai Sarala
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
References
1990 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
1990s Tamil-language films
Jordan Springs is the name of an unincorporated community located approximately four miles from Winchester, Virginia. It was named after a plantation and resort developed here by the Jordan family, based on natural sulphur springs which had been known for centuries to local Native Americans.
In 1800, the Jordan White Sulphur Springs resort was established here, as people believed the springs had healing properties. Generations of the Jordan family developed three hotels on the site. David Holmes, a five-term US Congressman from Virginia's 2nd congressional district, appointed governor of Mississippi Territory, and first elected governor of the state of Mississippi, came here in declining health, dying here in 1832.
The historic Jordan Springs Hotel was built in 1893 at this location, building on the destination's appeal. Today it is located along Lick Run in Frederick County, Virginia, on Jordan Springs Road (VA 664) to the north of Devils Backbone. It followed two other hotels on the site, developed by the Jordan family. Competition with other sites and changing taste reduced its business.
In 1953, the property was bought by the Missionary Servants of the Most Holy Trinity. They operated the property as a Catholic Monastery and Seminary. Faced with declining vocations, they leased the space to Shalom et Benedictus for a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center. It operated until 1999.
Today, the historic building, known as the Historic Jordan Springs Event & Cultural Centre, is operated as a wedding, event, and conference center. It also provides business space to County Court Reporters. The property is owned and managed by Tonie Wallace-Aitken and Greig Aitken, with assistance from the property event coordinator, Colt Nutter. Its mail address is Stephenson, Virginia.
Roads
Jordan Springs Road (SR 664)
Woods Mill Road (SR 660)
Monastery Ridge Road
External links
Historic Jordan Springs website
References
Unincorporated communities in Frederick County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Keszeg is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
in Hungarian
Homepage
Populated places in Nógrád County
M. Hamsa was a member of 13th Kerala Legislative Assembly. They belong to Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represents Ottappalam constituency.
Positions held
Recipient of K.P.S. Menon Award for the best student of N.S.S.K.P.T.H.S. for the year 1979
President, S.F.I. Palakkad District Committee and D.Y.F.I. Block Committee, Ottappalam
Member, State Committee, S.F.I., Ottappalam Grama Panchayath and Municipality Advisory Committee
Branch Secretary, Local Secretary and Area Committee Secretary (16 years), C.P.I.(M)
Director, Ottappalam S.C.B.
Chairman, Ottappalam Urban Co-operative Bank for 11 years
State President of Asianet Satellite Communication Employees Union (C.I.T.U.) (present)
District Joint Secretary, C.I.T.U (present)
Vice-President, State Committee, Government Press Workers Union (C.I.T.U.) (present)
Personal life
They were born on 27 June 1961 at Thozhuppadam, Chelakkara.  They are the son of M. Usman and C. Fathima.  They are married to P.B Shamlabi and has two children. They live in Ottappalam, Palakkad.
References
Kerala MLAs 2011–2016
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from Kerala
1961 births
Living people
U-81 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
, a Type U 81 submarine launched in 1916 and that served in the First World War until sunk on 1 May 1917
During the First World War, Germany also had this submarine with a similar name:
, a Type UB III submarine launched in 1917 and sunk on 2 December 1917
, a Type VIIC submarine that served in the Second World War until sunk on 9 January 1944; raised on 22 April 1944 and broken up
Submarines of Germany
The Jordan–Syria border is 362 km (225 m) in length and runs from the tripoint with Israel in the west to the tripoint with Iraq in the east.
Description
The border starts in the west at the tripoint with Israel, though the precise location of the tripoint is it at present unclear owing to the Israeli occupation of the Golan Heights, which are claimed by Syria. The de jure tripoint lies immediately east of the Israeli town of Sha'ar HaGolan, whereas the de facto tripoint lies at the border's junction with the United Nations UNDOF Zone south-east of Metzar.
The Jordan-Golan Heights border runs along the Yarmouk River, and this river then continues as the westernmost section of the Jordan–Syria border proper. The border leaves the river just east of Et Turra, and a series of irregular and short straight lines then proceeds to the south-east, passing between Ar Ramtha and Daraa across the Daraa Border Crossing and on to the Nasib Border Crossing on the Amman–Damascus road. At it turns north-east, running in a straight line across the Syrian Desert, terminating at the Iraqi tripoint at .
History
At the start of the 20th century the Ottoman Empire controlled what is now Jordan and Syria. During the First World War an Arab Revolt, supported by Britain, succeeded in removing the Ottomans from most of the Middle East. As a result of the secret 1916 Anglo-French Sykes–Picot Agreement the Ottoman Vilayet of Syria was split in two, with France gaining the north and Britain the south. France's section was then organised into the Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon. Britain's section (roughly, modern western Jordan) was contested between Britain, the newly formed Arab Kingdom of Syria, Zionists in the new Mandate for Palestine, and further south Ibn Saud of the new kingdom of Saudi Arabia, resulting in a confused period in which the region was essentially an ungoverned space. Eventually in 1921 Britain declared a formal mandate over the region, creating the Emirate of Transjordan under the semi-autonomous rule of King Abdullah I.
In the period of 1920–1923, France and Britain signed a series of agreements, collectively known as the Paulet–Newcombe Agreement, which created the modern Jordan-Syria and Iraq–Syria borders, as an amendment to what had been designated the A zone in the Sykes–Picot Agreement. A more detailed description of the Jordan–Syria border was agreed upon on 31 October 1931.
In 1967 Israel occupied the Golan Heights following the Six-Day War, thereby bringing the westernmost section of the border under their control. There have been a number of incidents along the frontier since the start of the Syrian Civil War in 2011.
Settlements near the border
Jordan
Et Tura
Ar-Ramtha
Sama
Ed Dafyana
Syria
Al-Shajara
Sahm al Julan
Muzayrib
Daraa
At Tayyibah
Dhibin
Umm ar Rumman
Al-Ghariyah al-Gharbiyah
Rukban
Border crossings
Nasib Border Crossing
Daraa Border Crossing
See also
Jordan–Syria relations
References
Borders of Jordan
Borders of Syria
International borders
Kuleaen District is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 13,829. The population recorded by the 2008 census was 24,824.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Kuleaen district by commune.
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
Luis de Santángel (died 1498) was a third generation converso in Spain during the late fifteenth century. Santángel worked as escribano de ración to King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I of Spain which left them in charge of the Royal finance. Santángel played an instrumental role in Christopher Columbus's voyage in 1492, for they managed to convince the Catholic monarchs to fund Columbus's expedition and provided a large sum of the money himself.
Columbus's voyage
Funding
In 1486, Columbus met with Ferdinand II and Isabella I to propose their plan of finding a passage to India by sailing west rather than east. While the Spanish monarchs were interested in their plans, they turned them down on the basis that they were financially tied up with fighting the Moors. To prevent Columbus from seeking out competing monarchs and nations, Ferdinand II and Isabella provided Columbus with a retainer of 12,000 maravedis (about USD $840 in modern currency), and in 1489, they provided them with documentation to obtain food and lodging in any Spanish municipality.
Following the Spanish victory against the Moors, Columbus was called to meet with the Spanish Monarchs again on January 12, 1492, to discuss funding their voyage. Isabella was still not convinced, and Columbus left the meeting upset, confiding in Santángel that they planned to seek financial funding from France or England—whichever nation agreed first. Using their position as a royal treasurer, Santángel met with Isabella and convinced them to accept Columbus's proposal by alluding to the fame and glory that would come with Columbus's success in finding a new sea-route to the Indies. Going a step further, Santángel arranged for the majority of the funding by contributing much from their own pocket and additional money they had borrowed. They did so to keep the queen from having to pawn the crown jewels.
Columbus's first letter
Columbus's letter on the first voyage was addressed to Santángel.
Jewish heritage
Santángel's grandfather, the Jewish Azarias Chinillo, converted to Christianity during the fifteenth century and changed their name to Luis de Santángel. After this conversion, the Santángel family began to prosper economically and in status; all three Santángels served the Royal crown and possessed a large sum of wealth.
Spanish Inquisition
While the Spanish Inquisition targeted and persecuted Jews, including conversos believed to be practicing Judaism privately, Santángel and their immediate family were protected from the persecution. However, one of their relatives was burned at the stake in Saragossa. On May 30, 1497, Ferdinand II issued a royal decree that exempted Santángel, their family, and their future successors, from the Inquisition.
Despite this protection and high status, Santángel was believed to have wanted to help Jews escape their persecution by funding Columbus's journey, which would potentially offer a safer place for them to reside. After their expeditions, Columbus was granted the island of Jamaica, which became a place of refuge for many Sephardi Jews after their expulsion from Spain and Portugal.
Inspiration for By Fire, By Water
In April 2010, author Mitchell James Kaplan published a book titled By Fire, By Water that explored a fictitious retelling of Luis de Santángel's life during the 15th century. The novel, while not necessarily accurate, incorporated prominent events and situations such as Santángel's position in the Royal court, the Spanish Inquisition, and Columbus's journey. It discusses the impact of the Spanish Inquisition on conversos who were often still suspected when it came to religion and explores Santángel's desperate intervention towards Columbus's meetings with the Spanish Monarchs in attempt to discover a place that offers acceptance rather than terror and violence for Jews and conversos at the time.
References
External links
Letter from Columbus to Luis de Santángel (pdf)
Jewish-American Hall of Fame
Christopher Columbus
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Judaism
Spanish Roman Catholics
Spanish Jews
1498 deaths
Conversos
Year of birth unknown
Spanish people of Jewish descent
Paul Palango (born 1950) is a Canadian author and investigative journalist. Palango worked as a journalist and editor for The Hamilton Spectator and The Globe and Mail. They have written four non-fiction books about policing in Canada, including 22 Murders.
Early life
Palango was born in 1950 in Ontario, Canada.
Career
In the 1970s they worked for the The Hamilton Spectator before moving to The Globe and Mail in 1977 and remaining there until 1990 when they retired as an editor. Palango is noted for their reporting on authority figures including the Canadian police, Canadian Security Intelligence Service, the Canadian media, and business leaders. In 2000, they opened a glass art business in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia.
They returned to writing, publishing 22 Murders in 2022, their critical account of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police response to the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks. The book was the second on the Toronto Star's list of bestselling non-fiction in Canada in April 2022.
The Georgia Straight editor, Charlie Smith, described Palango as "one of Canada's last remaining investigative reporters." in August 2022.
Books
Above the Law, 1994, McClelland & Stewart,
The Last Guardians: The Crisis in the RCMP - and Canada, 1998, McClelland & Stewart,
Dispersing the Fog: Inside the Secret World of Ottawa and the RCMP, 2008, Key Porter Books,
22 Murders, 2022, Random House Canada,
Personal life
Palango lives in Nova Scotia.
References
1950 births
20th-century Canadian journalists
21st-century Canadian journalists
21st-century Canadian artists
Canadian glass artists
Canadian newspaper editors
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
Living people
Canadian investigative journalists
Dale L. Baer (June 15, 1950 – January 15, 2021) was an American character animator for Walt Disney Animation Studios and The Baer Animation Company. They were supervising animator of many characters.
Biography
Baer had over 40 years of experience in the animation industry. They also had 27 years in the commercial field. Baer's studio specialized in traditional and digital animation which is used in feature animation and commercials. Baer collaborated with top industries to produce high quality animated productions. They joined The Walt Disney Company in 1970 as the second member of the new training program; Ted Kierscey, who later became an effects animator, got there ahead of him. Mr. Baer earned the respect of animators from the Nine Old Men Eric Larson, John Lounsbery, Milt Kahl, Wolfgang Reitherman, and Frank Thomas & Ollie Johnston.
Baer taught as part of the Character Animation program faculty of CalArts School of Film/Video.
Their last-known animation work was for The Bob's Burgers Movie.
Baer died of complications from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at Irvine Medical Center in Irvine, California.
Awards
Below is a list of awards Baer has won.
2001 - Annie Award for Individual Character Animation for the character of Yzma in The Emperor's New Groove.
2016 - Winsor McCay Award – in recognition of career contributions to the art of animation.
Filmography
References
External links
1950 births
2021 deaths
American animators
Artists from Denver
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Neurological disease deaths in California
Deaths from motor neuron disease
Annie Award winners
Riverkern is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California. It lies at an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
Yolanda Mérida (20 August 1929 – 11 April 2012) was a Mexican actor known for their work in theater and television. Them last role was that of Manuela in Cuando Me Enamoro.
Biography
Mérida was born Yolanda Noemí Alpuche Morales in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico. They adopted the stage name, Yolanda Mérida, after the city in which they were born. They married Manuel Pérez Ferreiro, a Spaniard, and had two children, Mary Carmen and Manolo.
They began acting in 1951 when they appeared onstage in Los empeños de una casa. They expanded to Mexican soap operas and telenovelas during the mid-1950s, including Fernando Soler y sus comediantes and Teatro bon soir. They remained active in television from the 1950s until their death in 2012. Other telenovela credits included Los Ricos También Lloran, Bodas de odio, Amor real and most recently, Cuando Me Enamoro in 2011.
Also, Yolanda Mérida was voice-over artist for a long time, they began working as a dubbing actor in the 50s in many studios of Mexico City. They were the Spanish voice of Carol Burnett in The Carol Burnett Show and dubbed into Spanish many actores as Linda Cristal, Sophia Loren, among others.
Death
Mérida died on 11 April 2012, aged 82.
References
External links
1929 births
2012 deaths
Mexican telenovela actores
Mexican television actores
Mexican stage actores
Actresses from Yucatán (state)
People from Mérida, Yucatán
Place of death missing
Goodnight Sunrise (formerly Goodnight, Sunrise) is a Canadian alternative rock band formed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in 2011. The band is characterized by their energetic live show, dual male-female lead vocals, and eclectic musical influences.
History
Goodnight, Sunrise was formed in 2011 by David Kochberg and Vanessa Vakharia who had both played in Toronto band The Big Deal. Along with friend and former Glueleg bassist Andrew "Chowder" Charters, they recorded their first EP Fragments as a three piece. The addition of drummer Paul Weaver in February 2012 completed the four member group, leading into festival performances at the 2012 Canadian Music Week and North by Northeast,. Collectively their early writing was influenced by diverse bands such as Florence + The Machine, Muse, Metric, U2, and Foo Fighters, while the dual lead vocals of Vakharia and Kochberg were reminiscent of bands like Blink-182, Of Monsters and Men, and July Talk.
The group's first full-length album Create/Destroy/Create was released in March 2013 and co-produced by Kochberg and sound engineer Chris Sampson. The 9 song pseudo-concept album demonstrated the band's eclectic influences and drew upon cyclical themes of introspection, self-destruction, and redemption. The album artwork, an intricate ambigram design, was designed by Polish artist Daniel Dostal. Create/Destroy/Create received campus radio play across Canada throughout Summer 2013, from British Columbia to Ontario.
In December 2013, Goodnight, Sunrise followed Create/Destroy/Create with the first in a series of split-singles. Unlike most of the band's album songs in which Kochberg and Vakharia share lead vocals, the D/V series feature one song by each of them (resulting in a "Side D" with David on lead and a "Side V" with Vanessa). D/V 1: Deaf Ears was recorded in Lucan, Ontario at Swamp Songs Studios and mastered by Noah Mintz at Lacquer Channel Mastering. This was followed by D/V 2: Bridgeburner in July 2014, recorded with new bassist Thor Thunders after the amicable departure of Charters. Thunders departed at the end of 2014, and the band recruited Pedro Salles (formerly of Brazilian band Avec Tristesse). In September 2015 the band completed a 20-date tour of Eastern Canada to support the release of Deal With It, the first single from their upcoming 2nd album. The second single, "Familiar Faces", was released in July 2016, and the Sept 2016 Falling Awake album release was supported by a 17-date tour across Ontario, the United Kingdom (including showcases at Indie Week Europe), and a final show in Amsterdam.
In May 2018, Goodnight, Sunrise was selected by Q107 to be the opening act for Bon Jovi at the Air Canada Centre on May 12. Weaver had amicably parted ways with the band earlier in the year, but rejoined them for this momentous final show together. From this point forward the band was led by Vakharia and Kochberg and supported by a rotating cast of touring members, starting with a cross-Canada summer tour supporting their new single "Runaways" with performances at Evolve Festival, Riverfest Elora, and Dawson City Music Festival in Dawson City, Yukon. In November 2018 they released a modern pop-rock cover of Gordon Lightfoot's acoustic ballad "Song for a Winter's Night". 2019 brought their first show in the US, performing at The NAMM Show in Anaheim, CA, as well as a 30-date Western Canada summer tour behind the singles "WVV" and "Don't Want It To End".
The band spent 2020-2021 writing and recording a new album with producer Brian Moncarz and featuring bassist Duncan Coutts and drummer Jason Pierce of Our Lady Peace, releasing the first single of this collaboration "Won't Be Long" in May 2021. In early 2022, ahead of the release of the next single "One Pill" from these sessions, the band officially removed the comma from its name to continue performing and recording going forward as Goodnight Sunrise.
Band members
Current line-up
David Kochberg – guitar, lead vocals (2011–present)
Vanessa Vakharia – keytar, keyboards, lead vocals (2011–present)
Past members
Andrew Charters – bass guitar, backing vocals (2011-2014)
Pedro Salles – bass guitar, backing vocals (2015–2016)
Thor Thunders – bass guitar, backing vocals (2014)
Paul Weaver – drums (2012–2018)
Quincy Yip – drums (2011)
Discography
Albums
Create/Destroy/Create (2013)
Falling Awake (2016)
EPs
Fragments (2011)
D/V 1: Deaf Ears (2013)
D/V 2: Bridgeburner (2014)
Singles
Remember Now (2017)
Runaways (2018)
Song for a Winter's Night (2018)
Catch Up (2019)
Feel Good (2019)
WVV (2019)
Don't Want It To End (2019)
Song For Sam (2019)
We're Not Dead Yet (2020)
Space Oddity (2020)
Won't Be Long (2021)
One Pill (2022)
Belong (2022)
References
External links
Goodnight Sunrise official website
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical groups established in 2011
Canadian indie rock groups
2011 establishments in Ontario
The European Fencing Championships is an annual top-level European fencing competition organized by the European Fencing Confederation.
History
The first competition bearing the name of "European Fencing Championships" was held in Paris in 1921. The International Fencing Federation (FIE) comprised only European federations at the time, with the exception of the United States. In 1936, on the 25th anniversary of the FIE and at the request of the Italian federation, the FIE congress decided to open the European Championships to all countries and granted retroactive recognition of the European Championships as World Championships.
After 1937 the FIE focused on the organisation of the World Fencing Championships. Demand for European Championships appeared at the 1979 congress, but it was rejected on the ground that they would either belittle the World Championships or offer a poor fencing level. The question was put forth again the following year by the Yugoslav federation, with the support of the Italian federation, which offered to organize the first competition. The congress agreed to authorize such championships, on the condition that they would be held only when the World Championships were organized in a non-European country. The first edition took place in Foggia, Italy on 11 and 12 November 1981. They proved to cause no interference with the 1981 World Championships and the restriction was lifted.
Formula
Contrary to the World Championships and the World Cup, no exemption is granted to Top 16 fencers: all fence a round of pools, which eliminates 20% to 30% of participants. The remaining fencers compete in a direct elimination table.
Editions
Medal table
Updated after the 2022 European Fencing Championships.
See also
Fencing at the Summer Olympics
World Fencing Championships
other zone championships: African Fencing Championships, Asian Fencing Championships, Pan American Fencing Championships
References
External links
European Fencing Confederation (EFC), official site
Fencing competitions
European championships
Fencing competitions in Europe
Amur virus (AMRV) is a zoonotic negative-sense single-stranded RNA virus. It may be a member of the genus Orthohantavirus, but it has not been definitively classified as a species and may only be a strain. It has been identified as a causative agent of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
Genome
The complete genome sequence Amur virus has been isolated from a sample obtained from Apodemus peninsulae in Northeastern China. AMRV strains from China and Far East and Soochong virus (SOOV) (especially SOO-1/2 strains from Northeastern Korea) were found to share high identities of nucleotide sequences and were monophyletic distinct from Apodemus agrarius HTNV. Two genetic sublineages of SOOV exist, but findings suggest that AMRV and SOOV are different strains of the same hantavirus.
Reservoir
The virus is reported to be carried by Korean field mice (Apodemus peninsulae) in the Far East of Russia, China, and Korea.
See also
Hantaviruses
Viral hemorrhagic fever
Pulmonary-renal syndrome
RNA virus
Murinae
References
External links
IUCN
Viral diseases
Hantaviridae
Hemorrhagic fevers
Rodent-carried diseases
Old World rats and mice
RADAR (Random Access Digital Audio Recorder) is a product line of professional digital multitrack recorders capable of recording and playing back twenty-four tracks of audio.
History
The idea for RADAR was born out of Creation Studios, a high-end music recording studio, built in North Vancouver by Barry and Jane Anne Henderson. Barry was also Music Products Division Manager at Anatek Microcircuits, a hybrid manufacturer in North Vancouver, BC. Barry and their team developed the Anatek line of MIDI and audio products including the now famous line of small MIDI signal powered MIDI processing accessories called "Pocket Products". Pocket products were used world-wide by some of the most famous musicians in the world such as Stevie Wonder. The most famous of the Pocket Products, Pocket Merge, sold close to 10,000 units in 1989, the product launch year. In 1991, Barry used Creation Studios as a vehicle to fuel the development of RADAR, the world's first 24 track digital audio hard disk recorder. In 1993 - Creation showed RADAR at the October 1993 AES show in New York. Barry initially marketed RADAR under the Otari brand, and later under their own brand, iZ (iZ Technology Corporation). RADAR is now used world-wide by bands such as U2, and Neil Young, as well in large commercial facilities such as Disney, CBC, IMAX, and NBC.The first model, the Creation RADAR I, was released in 1993. RADAR I was manufactured in North Vancouver BC by Creation Technologies(iZ Technology Corporation), but marketed and distributed in 1994 by Otari under an exclusive license. Creation/iZ also produced the RADAR II. iZ Technology terminated Otari's RADAR distribution agreement in 2000.
In October 2000, iZ Technology released RADAR 24 under the iZ brand, which was based on BeOS 5. In 2005, iZ released RADAR V. In 2012, iZ released RADAR 6 at the October 2012 AES show in San Francisco. In 2015, iZ released RADAR studio, the world's first DAW/Dedicated Recorder in a single box. In 2017, Barry sold the business to focus on other interests.
At the 2019 NAMM show, Barry was awarded the 2019 TECnology Hall of Fame award for the development of RADAR I, the world's first 24 track digital audio hard disk recorder. Founded in 2004 by George Petersen and presented since 2015 by the NAMM MUSEUM of Making Music, the TECnology Hall of Fame honors and recognizes audio products and innovations that have made a significant contribution to the advancement of audio technology. Inductees to the TECnology Hall of Fame are selected by a panel of more than 50 recognized audio experts, including authors, educators, engineers and other professionals. RADAR I was recognized by the TEC Hall of Fame as "the world's first 24-track hard disk digital audio recorder" that as "the first marker of the digital revolution" and is quoted as saying that RADAR I "truly paved the way for the modern DAW and today's digital recording studio."
Parallel to the development of the various hardware models, there have been many revisions to the RADAR system software.
Hardware Models
RADAR I
The RADAR I was the first model released, under the Otari brand in 1994. It was capable of recording and playing back twenty-four tracks of 16 bit, 48k audio. It also was available with 24 Adat I/O Card.
RADAR II
The Otari RADAR II, released in 1997, was capable of recording and playing back twenty-four tracks of 24 bites, 48k audio on a single hard drive, editing and multiple-machine linking for up to 192 tracks. Until April 2000, the RADAR II was branded as the "Otari RADAR II." After April 2000, it was sold by iZ Technology as the "iZ RADAR II."
RADAR 24
RADAR 24, released in 2000, was the first new model branded by iZ Technology, and brought many hardware improvements including: sample rates up to 192k, networking, a faster processor, and ADAT I/O.
RADAR V
RADAR V, released in 2005, added many capabilities to the RADAR 24 including the ability to record on all 24 tracks at high sample rates of 96k and 192k; direct recording to industry-standard Broadcast WAV files; Dual Disk and Span modes for recording to multiple drives; File Flattening options to consolidate audio for handoff; and Gigabit Ethernet file transfer. The model name "V" is pronounced "Vee," not "Five."
RADAR 6
RADAR 6 was released in October 2012, with an entirely new, smaller, lighter and quieter form factor. The new model had a touch-screen interface and tactile transport keys on the front of the unit, and offered new storage options such as solid state drives, USB 3.0 drives and SD cards. At this time iZ also improved their AD/DA converter cards and consolidated to two card choices instead of three.
RADAR studio
RADAR studio, released in 2015, incorporated a 'Workstation' platform alongside the original RADAR software, allowing industry standard DAWs to be run on the RADAR, using RADAR as the host computer.
Software Versions
As of 2012, two RADAR software systems have been developed for RADAR V and RADAR 24. Software version 4.0 and up is currently under development for the RADAR 6 platform.
3.5x, iZOS, the first version of which was released in July 2008, requires a new system drive and a processor rated at a minimum of 800 MHz, and is no longer being developed.
3.4x is the older BeOS version of the operating system, which is also no longer being developed.
References
External links
iZ Technology Corporation
June 1999 Mix Magazine article on the RADAR II
January 1999 Sound On Sound article on the RADAR II.
August 2001 Sound On Sound article on the RADAR 24.
August 26 2000 Billboard Magazine article on the end of the Otari-era of RADAR.
Differences between the RADAR II and RADAR 24, by Barry Henderson, President of iZ.
iZ Product Museum with details and history of the RADAR I, II and 24
Otari FAQ for discontinued RADAR I and RADAR II
Silent Way's RADAR Quickstart Guide
Digital audio
Sound recording technology
The Micronesian myzomela (Myzomela rubratra) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. The species forms a superspecies with a number of related and similar looking island and mainland myzomelas across the Pacific and Australasia. It in turn is composed of seven insular subspecies.
It is distributed throughout the Northern Mariana Islands, including Rota, Tinian and Saipan, as well as Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei and Kosrae in Micronesia, and the islands of Palau. The species once also occurred in Guam, but that population is now almost certainly extinct.
Across its wide distribution, the Micronesian myzomela occupies a range of natural and human-made habitats, from sea level to the highest peaks, although the lack of mountains in Micronesia predominantly makes this a species of the lowlands. Forests, mangroves, scrubland, secondary scrub, savanna, as well as agricultural, plantation and urban areas, are all used by this species.
The Micronesian myzomela primarily feeds on nectar, but will also take insects and other small invertebrates. One study estimated that the ratio of nectar to insects was 60:40. They occur singly and in pairs, while occasionally small groups will gather at good sources of nectar. They are territorial and aggressive at defending their territories from other members of the same species, and from other species such as bridled white-eyes. The species is an important pollinator within its range; after its extinction on Guam, the island was left without pollinators, with resulting adverse effects on the ecosystem.
References
Micronesian myzomela
Birds of Micronesia
Micronesian myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ypsolopha parenthesella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found from Europe to Japan, as well as north-eastern China, Asia Minor and mideast Asia.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. Adults are on wing from August to September. It is a variable species, especially in wing pattern and colour.
The larvae feed on various trees, including Quercus, Fagus, Fraxinus, Populus, Carpinus (including Carpinus betulus), Crataegus, Malus, Betula and Corylus avellana.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1761
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The brown oriole (Oriolus szalayi) is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae.
It is found in New Guinea. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. Alternate names for the brown oriole include the New Guinea oriole and striated oriole.
References
Orioles
Oriolus
Birds described in 1900
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
San Giovanni Profiamma is a civil parish in the municipality of Foligno in the province of Perugia, which is also an active bishopric, and is the historical site of the former Roman town and bishopric of Foro Flaminii, which remains a Latin Catholic titular see as Foro Flaminio. It is in the circoscrizione no. 6: San Giovanni Profiamma-Belfiore-Vescia-Capodacqua-Pontecentesimo.
The area belonging to the parish extends up to the plain between Via Flaminia and the right bank of the Topino. San Giovanni Profiamma is at an altitude of 264 m above sea level, 4 km northeast of Foligno and has a population of around 1800.
History
The Roman town of Forum Flaminii, corresponding with modern San Giovanni Profiamma, was founded by Roman censor Gaius Flaminius in 220 BCE during the construction of the Roman consular road. The town is attested as bishopric since the third century and believed to have been destroyed in 740 by the invading Lombards under King Liutprand, and subsequently incorporated into Foligno.
It remains unknown how much of the relatively old vita of the legendary first bishop and patron saint Felician of Foligno is historically accurate.
Only two bishops were historically documented :
Bonifatius, attending the council held by Pope Symmachus in 501 or 502[3], which forbade alienating church property; Bonifacio signed the acts in 51º position, between bishops Venerioso of Spello and Sebastiano of Sora.
Decentius took part in the Roman council of 680, held by Pope Agatho to condemn Monothelitism as heresy, signing between a bishops Floro of Foligno and Giovanni of Norcia.
From a papal bulla by Pope Innocent II in 1138, on the jurisdiction of the (heir) bishops of Foligno, citing plebs S. Joannis de Foroflamini cum ecclesiis suis, Sbaraglia deduces Forum Flaminii's Ancient cathedral would have been dedicated to Saint John.
Titular see
In 1966 the diocese was nominally restored as the Titular bishopric of Foro Flaminii (Latin) / Forflamme (Curiate Italian), and renamed in 1990 to Forum Flaminii (Latin) / Foro Flaminio (Curiate Italian) / Foroflaminien(sis) (Latin adjective).
It has had the following incumbents:
Pietro Gazzoli (1968.02.03 – death 1990.02.17) as Auxiliary Bishop of Diocese of Brescia (Italy) (1968.02.03 – retired 1983.08.06) and as emeritus
Angelo Mascheroni (1990.06.09 – ...) as Auxiliary Bishop of Archdiocese of Milano (Milan, Italy) (1990.06.09 – retired 2005.01.10) and as emeritus.
Monuments and places of interest
Church of San Giovanni Battista
The Church of Saint John the Baptist, or the Palatine Basilica is a Romanesque basilica cathedral built on the ruins of a 6th-century basilica. The façade is notable for its rose window and finely carved portal. The interior, with a single nave, features Roman wall murals and a sixth-century sarcophagus. The crypt, with three aisles, contains an eighth century architrave decorated with early Christian symbols. Originally the seat of a diocese, it survives as a titular see.
Economy and activities
San Giovanni Profiamma is home to the cultivation of olives, for the production of high-quality olive oil, and also has an extensive industrial area.
The town has an annual Sagra della Rocciata (festival of the Rocciata), celebrating a regional dessert. There is also the annual "Giostra della Quintanella" (Joust of Quintanella) where over 350 children from the eight districts compete in a Palio: they cycle along a figure-eight track with lances, trying to spear rings connected to a statue. The event is connected with a procession in seventeenth-century costumes and a regional market.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Italy
Notes and references
Bibliography
Ferdinando Ughelli & Nicola Coletti, Italia sacra, vol. X, Venice 1722, col. 101
Giuseppe Cappelletti, Le Chiese d'Italia dalla loro origine sino ai nostri giorni, Venice 1846, vol. IV, p. 445
Pius Bonifacius Gams, Series episcoporum Ecclesiae Catholicae, Verlag Karl W. Hiersemann, Leipzig 1931, p. 727
Michele Faloci Pulignani, L'Umbria sacra del padre Sbaraglia, in Archivio per la storia ecclesiastica dell'Umbria, I (1913), p. 569
Francesco Lanzoni, Le diocesi d'Italia dalle origini al principio del secolo VII (an. 604), vol. I, Faenza 1927, pp. 451–453
Pietro Burchi, lemma 'Feliciano, protovescovo di Forum Flaminii, Santo Martire', in Bibliotheca Sanctorum V, coll. 597-600
External links
GCatholic
Foligno
Populated places in Umbria
Geikie is a locality in Alberta, Canada.
The locality takes its name from Mount Geikie.
References
Localities in Jasper, Alberta
Randy Gazzola (born September 13, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.  They are currently playing for the HC Asiago in the ICE Hockey League. They previously played amateur for the UNB Varsity Reds of the AUS and at the junior level with the Val-d'Or Foreurs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).
Playing career
Gazzola played in the QMJHL for 3 seasons 2012–13 to 2013–14, was rewarded for their outstanding play when they were named to the 2013–14 QMJHL First All-Star Team.
After their junior career, Randy went on to play CIS university hockey at the University of New Brunswick Varsity Reds. Randy made an immediate impact at UNB, being selected as the conference Rookie of the Year as well as being selected to the CIS All-Rookie team. They helped UNB to the 2015 University Cup final before losing to defending champion Alberta Golden Bears 6-3. Randy won a CIS national title (University Cup) with UNB the next season, March 2016, when they defeated their AUS rivals St. Francis Xavier X-Men 3-1 in the Championship final.
On January 13, 2021, Gazzola joined their second ECHL club, agreeing to a contract for the 2020–21 season with the Fort Wayne Komets.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Fort Wayne Komets players
Grand Rapids Griffins players
New Brunswick Varsity Reds ice hockey players
Ritten Sport players
Toledo Walleye players
Val-d'Or Foreurs players
Sungai Durian, or "Durian River", is a district () of Kotabaru Regency in the province of South Kalimantan, Indonesia.
The population is entirely rural.
Geography
The district capital is Manunggal Lama.
Sungai Durian is bordered on the north by the districts of North Pamukan and Pamukan West; on the east by the district of Sampanahan; on the south by the district of Kelumpang West; and on the west by the district of Juai, Hulu Sungai Utara.
The district has an area of and an average elevation of above sea level.
It contains seven villages:
Sungai Durian is in the Kutai Basin, which holds a major coal formation created from the Early Pliocene to the Eocene.
Demographics
The district had a total population of 10,400 as of the 2010 census, all considered rural. Of these 5,610 were male and 4,790 female.
The breakdown by religion was Islam: 7,029, Christian: 1,130, Catholic: 283, Hindu: 117, Buddhist: 1,104, Other: 737.
Notes
Sources
Populated places in South Kalimantan
Boldecker Land is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated along the river Aller, approx. 12 km east of Gifhorn, and 8 km northwest of Wolfsburg. Its seat is in the village Weyhausen.
Politics
Samtgemeinde council
CDU 8 Seats
SPD 9 Seats
WBL 6 Seats
BBB 1 Seat
Structure of Boldecker Land
References
External links
Samtgemeinde Boldecker Land
Samtgemeinden in Lower Saxony
Gifhorn (district)
Guillaume André d'Hébert (15 January 1653, Paris – 6 May 1725) was Governor General of Pondicherry for two periods. They were preceded by Pierre Dulivier and succeeded by Pierre André Prévost de La Prévostière .
Titles
References
1653 births
1725 deaths
Governors of French India
French colonial governors and administrators
Politicians from Paris
Richard Alan Smith (November 1, 1924 – September 9, 2020) was an American business executive who served as CEO of General Cinema Corporation.
Biography
Smith was born in 1924 the son of Philip Smith. Their father founded Midwest Drive-In Theaters which in 1941, operated 9 of 15 drive-in movie theaters in the U.S. In 1946, they joined their father's company. In 1947, the company was one of the first to open a theater in a shopping mall in Framingham, Massachusetts. By the 1950s, the Midwest Drive-In Theatres operated 53 drive-ins and branched out into other lines of business including the Richard's Drive-Ins restaurant chain, Amy Joe's Pancake Houses, and several bowling alleys in order to diversify their revenues which were under pressure as more people stayed home to watch television. In 1960, the company changed its name to General Drive-In Corp and went public on the New York Stock Exchange although Smith retained a controlling interest. Their father died in 1961 and Richard succeeded them as CEO. Smith changed the company's name to General Cinema in 1964 to better reflect the shift in the industry away from drive-in theaters.
Smith diversified and expanded the company through acquisitions. In the late 1960s, General Cinema began purchasing bottling franchises eventually becoming the largest independent bottler in the United States. In 1970, they purchased the Mann Theatres chain (founded by Ted Mann) for $6.6 million. In 1972, they purchased an interest in 47 indoor theaters in Louisiana and Florida from the Loews Corporation (founded by Laurence Tisch and Robert Tisch) for $16 million. Smith's diversification efforts paid off: in 1985, the bottling operations were 70% of operating profits and General Cinema marked its 12th straight year of operating profits (since Smith was appointed CEO, General Cinema had been profitable for 24 of 25 years). Smith also participated in greenmailing: they purchased a substantial interest in Heublein Inc. forcing it to find a friendly suitor earning Smith a substantial profit when they sold their shares.
In 1984, General Cinema purchased a controlling interest in Carter Hawley Hale, the tenth largest clothing retailer in the United States and owner of the Bergdorf Goodman, Neiman-Marcus, John Wanamaker's, Thalhimers, and Holt Renfrew chains, saving it from a hostile takeover from Leslie Wexner. In 1989, General Cinema sold its bottling division for $1.75 billion. In 1991, General Cinema purchased Harcourt Brace Jovanovich for $1.5 billion. In 1993, the company split into two companies: Harcourt General consisted of the publishing business and the controlling interest in the retail group (then called the Neiman-Marcus Group); and GC Companies, Inc. consisted of the movie theater division in which the Smith family retained a 28 percent controlling interest. In 1994, Smith re-evaluated the portfolio of theaters and sold 14 theaters for $14 million and closed an additional 37 theaters in 1994 and 12 in 1995. They also cautiously expanded into megaplexes with sit-down cafes, seat-side service, "loveseats," gourmet food and coffee, and liquor; and associated with top brands such as Starbucks, Pepsi, Taco Bell, and Pizzeria Uno.
In 2000, General Cinema sold Harcourt General to publisher Reed-Elsevier for $5.7 billion and in 2005, they sold Neiman Marcus to private equity firms TPG and Warburg Pincus for $5.1 billion (the Smith family earned $600 million from their interest).
Philanthropy
They and their wife founded the Richard and Susan Smith Family Foundation. Since 1973, the foundation has donated $45.6 million to Boston's Jewish community of which $24 million was given to Combine Jewish Philanthropies of Boston (CJP).
Personal life
In 1952, Smith married Susan Flax who was Jewish. They had four children: James Smith (who died in 1970), Amy Smith Berylson, Robert Smith, and Debra Smith Knez. Their daughter is married to Brian Knez. Their son, Robert Smith and son-in-law Brian Knez, served as co-CEOs of Harcourt General until its sale then co-founded private equity shop Castanea Partners in 2001. Their nephew is Jeffrey Lurie; in 1994, they and their sister provided collateral for a $185 million loan enabling Jeff to purchase the Philadelphia Eagles.
Smith died on September 9, 2020, aged 95.
References
American business executives
1924 births
2020 deaths
Businesspeople from New York City
Smith family (theaters)
American people of Jewish descent
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids.
Vortex may also refer to:
Physics
Vortex ring, a torus-shaped vortex in a fluid or gas
Vorticity, a mathematical concept used in fluid dynamics
Quantum vortex, a topological defect exhibited in superfluids and superconductors
Autowave vortex, in active media described by parabolic equation with non-linear free member of a special form
Books
The Vortex, a play by Noël Coward
The Vortex (novel), a 1924 novel by Colombian author José Eustasio Rivera
Vortex (Cleary novel), a 1978 novel by Australian author Jon Cleary
Vortex (Bond and Larkin novel), a 1991 war novel by Larry Bond and Patrick Larkin
Vortex (Wilson novel), a 2011 science fiction novel by Robert Charles Wilson, the sequel to Axis
Film and TV
The Vortex (film), a 1927 film adaptation of the Noël Coward play
Vortex, or Vortex, the Face of Medusa, a 1967 Greek film
Vortex (1981 film), written and directed by Scott B and Beth B
Vortex (2009 film)
Vortex (2021 film)
Vortex (Transformers), a member of the Combaticons from Transformers who transforms into a helicopter
Cindy Vortex, a fictional character in the Jimmy Neutron cartoon franchise
Vortex, a planet in the Star Wars franchise
Television
"Vortex" (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine), a 1993 first-season episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Vortex (Smallville), the first episode in Season 2 of Smallville
Vortex (YTV), an anime programming block produced by YTV and hosted by Paula Lemyre
Vortexx, a defunct Saturday morning children's programming block on The CW
Gaming
Vortex (video game), a 1994 game developed by Argonaut Software for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System
Vortex (PC game), a 1994 game developed by the X-Files development crew
Vortex (iPod game), a 2006 iPod game developed by Apple Computer
Vortex Software, a defunct video game developer
Vortex (Dungeons & Dragons), a creature in the Dungeons & Dragons series
Roller coasters
Vortex (Calaway Park)
Vortex (California's Great America), a stand-up roller coaster at California's Great America in Santa Clara, California, United States
Vortex (Canada's Wonderland), a suspended roller coaster at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada
Vortex (Carowinds), a stand-up roller coaster at Carowinds in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States
Vortex (Kings Island), a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio, United States
Vortex (Thorpe Park), at Thorpe Park, Surrey, England
Music
ICS Vortex (born 1974), Norwegian metal singer and bassist
Vortex I: A Biodegradable Festival of Life, a state-sponsored music festival held in 1970 in Estacada, Oregon
Vortex Jazz Club, a London venue
Albums
Vortex (album), a remix album by Collide
Vortex (Derek Sherinian album), a studio album by Derek Sherinian
Songs
"Vortex" (song), a 2011 song by The Gazette
"Vortex", a song by Megadeth from Cryptic Writings
"Vortex", a song by Final Exposure (Joey Beltram and Richie Hawtin)
Technology and business
Subaru Vortex, a sport coupe sold from 1985 to 1991 by Subaru
Aureal Vortex, the PC audio accelerator chipset which powered such sound cards as the Monster Sound MX300
Vortex (satellite), a class of United States Reconnaissance satellites
Vortex mixer, a laboratory device used to mix vials of liquid
Vortex86, a x86 compatible System-on-a-chip CPU
Sport Copter Vortex, an American gyroplane design
Vortex (software), a physics software development kit
VORTEX projects, Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes Experiment
Vortex Bladeless, a Spanish company developing wind power generators
Vortex Optics, an American maker of optical equipment
Vortex ring toy, a toy that generates vortex rings
Air vortex cannon, a toy that releases doughnut-shaped air vortices
Vortex ring gun, an experimental non-lethal weapon for crowd control
Other uses
Spiritual vortex, in New Age thought, any of several places, such as Sedona, Arizona, where the earth's energy is purported to be released
See also
Vortex theory (disambiguation)
Cyclonic vortex (disambiguation)
KDET (930 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk/information format. Licensed to Center, Texas, United States, the station serves the Center-Nacogdoches area. The station is currently owned by Center Broadcasting Company.
KDET began broadcasting in February 1949 under the ownership of Tom Foster and the management of Robert Jackson "Jack" Bell. From then until the year 2000, its highly successful format catered to the farmers, ranchers, sportsmen, and small-town residents of Deep East Texas and Northwestern Louisiana.
Chief star of KDET from 1966 until 2000 was Jack Everett "Jack Mack" McLendon who, while known to their listeners for their early-morning show including a crowing rooster at sign-on and the school lunch menus in rhyme, was also the most prolific producer of advertising on KDET. Jack Mack's cousin Mattie Imelda McLendon Dellinger talked to listeners with their call-in show "Mattie's Partyline" in the 1990s and early 2000s.
References
External links
DET
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Inflatable rats, or union rats, are giant inflatables in the shape of cartoon rats, commonly used in the United States by protesting or striking trade unions. They serve as a sign of opposition against employers or nonunion contractors, and are intended to call public attention to companies employing nonunion labor.
History
The first inflatable rat was used by the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 150 in Chicago in 1989, according to photos from the Local 150 Engineer in November 1989, where it also launched a "Name the Rat" contest. In January of 1990, it announced that "Scabby" was the winning submission, coming from Local 150 member Lou Mahieu. Other unions also began using inflatable rats in the 1990s to shame companies that employ nonunion labor.
Employers have filed lawsuits charging that the use of the giant inflatable rats constituted unlawful picketing, and some courts have agreed. In May 2011, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) held that union use of an inflatable monster rat is not considered an unlawful activity when directed at a secondary employer. In 2011 National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) in Sheet Metal Workers Local 15, 356 NLRB No. 162 (2011) ruled that the inflatable rat did not constitute a signal picket, but instead, constituted symbolic speech which is not subject to secondary boycott rules. This holding allows the union not only to place the inflatable rats at neutral entrances, but also to place them at locations where the picketed company is absent. In 2017, NLRB general counsel Peter B. Robb filed court motions seeking to change the previous policy, arguing that the presence of the inflatable rat was "confrontational, threatening, and coercive". Robb's complaint was set aside by a 3-1 vote of the NLRB on July 21, 2021.
Appearance
While the inflatable rat sometimes varies in appearance and size, it generally features large teeth and grotesque features, particularly a scabby belly, a reference to the nickname of "scab" that is given to strikebreakers and non-striking workers. Many unions have nicknamed the inflatable rat "Scabby the Rat," a name which originated from the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 150, who pioneered the use of the rat in 1989 and whose member Lou Mahieu won the "Name the Rat" contest with their submission of "Scabby".
, the rats ranged from tall, but is the most popular height due to local laws limiting the height of inflatable objects on display.
United Kingdom
The inflatable rat appeared in the UK for the first time in the 2013 Grangemouth Oil Refinery dispute.
See also
List of inflatable manufactured goods
References
Mice and rats in popular culture
Rat
Labor relations
Protest tactics
Câlnic is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Câlnic, Câlnicu de Sus, Didilești, Găleșoaia, Hodoreasca, Pieptani, Pinoasa, Stejerei and Vâlceaua.
See also
Castra of Pinoasa
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Herve Pierre Djanal (born June 3, 1986) is a Cameroonian football goalkeeper, they currently play for Bangkok Glass FC.
Career
Djanal has played for Thailand Premier League clubside Samut Songkhram.
References
1986 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Expatriate footballers in Myanmar
Sportspeople from Douala
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Cameroonian expatriates in Thailand
Association football goalkeepers
Djanal Herve Pierre
Djanal Herve Pierre
Hanthawaddy United F.C. players
Tess Gerrand (born 19 February 1988) is an Australian former national representative rower.  They are a national champion, an Olympian who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, was a competitor at the 2013 World Rowing Championships and a medallist at World Rowing Cups in 2013.
Personal
Gerrand was born on 19 February 1988 in Sandringham, Victoria. They competed at tall and weighed .
They attended Cundletown Primary School before Taree High School and finished at Pymble Ladies College. From 2006 to 2010, they attended Yale University, where they earned a Bachelor of Liberal Arts in economics. From 2012, they lived in Johns River, New South Wales.
Varsity, club and state rowing
While studying in the USA they rowed for Yale University. As a member of the Yale eight, they won the NCAA Championships in 2007, 2008 and 2010. In 2007, the Yale crew won the championship in the 2 km race with a time of 5mins 48secs. While at Yale, they were an All-American from 2006 to 2010. In 2008, they won the World Indoor Rowing championship in the collegiate and open divisions with a personal best time of 6mins 43.2 secs in one race.
Back in Australia, Gerrand's senior rowing was from the Sydney Rowing Club. Gerrand raced in SRC colours contesting the open women's coxed eight events at the 2011 Australian Rowing Championships. In 2012 they contested the open women's coxed pair and won the open women's coxless four title at the Australian Championships. In 2013 they contested the open women's coxed pair title at the Australian Rowing Championships.
They first made state selection for New South Wales in the 2011 women's eight contesting the Queen's Cup at the 2011 Interstate Regatta. They made another New South Wales Queen's Cup appearance in 2012.
International representative rowing
Gerrand had their first call up to the Australian national rowing team in 2012 when selected in the women's eight attempting to qualify for the 2012 Olympics. The eight named themselves the "Motley Crew". and began their campaign with an Olympic qualification regatta in Lucerne. With Gerrand rowing in the five seat, the Australian women's eight set a time of 6 min 12.36 secs and qualified for the London Olympics. They raced in Europe to a fourth place in World Cup II in Lucerne and fifth-place finish at World Cup III in Munich and participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy. Ultimately the crew was disappointed with their sixth-place finish at the London 2012 Olympic regatta.
In 2013 Gerrand was back in the Australian senior women's sweep squad and that year they raced in the green & gold at all international representative regattas. At the World Rowing Cup I in Sydney they raced in the Australian women's eight to a gold medal and also won bronze in a coxless pair with Katrina Bateman. Then at both the WRC II in Eton Dorney and the WRC III in Lucerne, Gerrand and Bateman rowed to seventh placings in the coxless pair. At the 2013 World Rowing Championships in Chungju, Korea Gerrand and Bateman rowed in both the coxless pair (to twelfth place) and in the women's eight to a fifth-place finish.
References
Living people
1988 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
21st-century Australian women
The 1994 Winter Olympics figure skating competition was held at the Hamar Olympic Amphitheatre.
Qualifying
As the host country, Norway automatically qualified spots to the 1994 Olympics. In 1992, however, the Norwegian Olympic Committee announced that skaters aspiring to be selected for Norway would have to finish in the top 12 at the European or World Championships. Since none met this requirement, Norway decided to have no competitors in figure skating at the Olympics. Although Leslie Monod / Cédric Monod's result at the 1993 World Championships allowed Switzerland to send two pairs to the Olympics, the Swiss Olympic Association elected not to send a pair after the Monods finished 11th at the 1994 European Championships.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
Participating NOCs
Twenty eight nations sent figure skaters to compete in the events.
In film
Tonya Harding's and Nancy Kerrigan's participation in the competition is part of the story of the 2017 American film I, Tonya.
References
External links
Official Olympic report
results
Baiul Wins Gold; Kerrigan Takes Silver : Olympics: Figure skating events wind up--in more controversy. Los Angeles Times. Retrieved January 10, 2022.
'94 WINTER OLYMPICS / LILLEHAMMER : Baiul Wins on a Split Decision : Now Kerrigan Should Be Asking, 'Why Me?' Los Angeles Times. Retrieved January 10, 2022.
https://www.nytimes.com/1994/02/27/sports/winter-olympics-the-judges-judge-says-baiul-deserves-the-gold.html
1994 Winter Olympics events
1994
1994 in figure skating
International figure skating competitions hosted by Norway
For the Love of Ray J is the soundtrack album from American R&B singer-songwriter Ray J's same-titled reality show. It was released on March 24, 2009, by Knockout Entertainment and E1 Music. The track "Keep It Playa" also appears on Boss Hogg Outlawz's second album, Back by Blockular Demand: Serve & Collect II and "She's Freaky" also appears on Unk's second album, 2econd Season. The first official single, and music video "Sexy Ladies" was released in April 2009.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
Ray J albums
2009 soundtrack albums
Television soundtracks
E1 Music soundtracks
Knockout Entertainment soundtracks
Rhythm and blues soundtracks
Hip hop soundtracks
Albums produced by Detail (record producer)
Albums produced by Warren G
USS Tullibee has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
, a submarine commissioned in 1943 and sunk in 1944
, a submarine in commission from 1960 to 1988
United States Navy ship names
South Carolina Highway 263 (SC 263) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Eastover with rural areas of Richland County.
Route description
SC 263 begins at an intersection with SC 764 (Main Street) in Eastover, Richland County. It travels to the northeast and leaves the city limits. The highway crosses Griffin Creek. Approximately later, it intersects U.S. Route 601 (US 601; McCords Ferry Road). Farther to the northeast, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 76/US 378 (Garners Ferry Road).
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 263 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
263
Transportation in Richland County, South Carolina
The 1992 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented the Georgia Southern Eagles of Georgia Southern University during the 1992 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Eagles played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro, Georgia. The team was coached by Tim Stowers, in their third year as head coach for the Eagles. The Eagles were in a transition season from Independent to the Southern Conference during the 1992 season.
Schedule
References
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles football
KRNM (88.1 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated non-commercial educational radio station run by Marianas Educational Media Services, Inc., in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. It primarily features National Public Radio programming.
The station was assigned the KRNM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on February 19, 1996.
This station was previously owned and operated by the Northern Marianas College (NMC). The FCC granted NMC a license to broadcast non-commercial public radio programming on KRNM, 88.1 FM on February 2, 1998.
Former translators
At some point in the past, KRNM also operated a translator on 89.1 FM, K206BM. This was switched to relaying Guam's KPRG at an unknown date.
References
External links
NPR member stations
RNM
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M60 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M60 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 60 but have not yet reached the age of 65, so exactly from their 60th birthday to the day before their 65th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Seeing is Believing (SiB) is a global initiative to tackle avoidable blindness. SiB is a partnership between Standard Chartered Bank PLC and the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness (IAPB) (registered charity, No. 110059).
The newest phase, Phase IV – “A New Vision” was launched on World Sight Day 2008. A major international effort will be made to set in place structures for the treatment of avoidable blindness now and for the future.
The programme is one of the beneficiaries of the money raised by the Gaborone City Marathon in Gaborone, Botswana.
References
External links
Standard Chartered
Blindness organisations in the United Kingdom
This article lists links to articles relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic within the British Overseas Territories.
Africa
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Asia
Akrotiri and Dhekelia
British Indian Ocean Territory
Europe
Gibraltar
North America
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Montserrat
Turks and Caicos Islands
South America
Falkland Islands
British Overseas Territories without confirmed cases
Colonel Denning State Park is a Pennsylvania state park in Lower Mifflin Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is in the Doubling Gap of Blue Mountain on Pennsylvania Route 233 between Newville and Landisburg. Doubling Gap Lake is a human-made lake covering . Colonel Denning State Park is surrounded by Tuscarora State Forest.
History
Colonel Denning State Park is named in honor of William Denning who was, oddly, never a colonel. They were a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and a manufacturer of wrought iron cannons.
Denning was a sergeant in the Continental Army from March 1778 until April 1780. They were stationed near Carlisle at Washingtonburg Forge, now the Carlisle Barracks. While stationed there, Denning explored and mastered the technique of creating lighter and more easily transported cannons. They did this by welding strips of wrought iron together in layers and building the cannon with the layers. Denning lived out their life following the Revolution near Newville. Their grave can be found in the cemetery of Big Spring Presbyterian Church in Newville.
Many of the facilities at Colonel Denning State Park were constructed during the Great Depression in the 1930s by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was formally opened in 1936.
Recreation
Colonel Denning State Park is open to hunting. Hunters are expected to follow the rules and regulations of the Pennsylvania Game Commission. The common game species are squirrels, white-tailed deer, and turkeys. The hunting of groundhogs is prohibited. Hunting is also permitted in the nearby Tuscarora State Forest. Doubling Gap Lake is open for trout fishing during the trout season established by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
There are of hiking trails at Colonel Denning State Park and the park serves as a trailhead for the Tuscarora Trail (). Visitors are permitted to swim at their own risk in Doubling Gap Lake; lifeguards are not provided.
There are over 200 picnic tables available at Colonel Denning State Park. Flat Rock trail is a out-and-back hike reaching a peak elevation of at Flat Rock. At the rock, a cool breeze is welcome to hikers in the summertime. Occasionally, black bears are seen along the trail.
The camping season at Colonel Denning State Park begins with the start of trout season and ends at the conclusion of deer season. There are 52 tent and trailer sites. Each site is equipped with a fire ring and picnic table. Outhouses are available at the campsite. On Flat Rock Trail up the mountain, a camping shelter was built as an Eagle Scout Project in 2000. A picnic table and fire pit accommodate the shelter along with an outhouse located a few hundred feet away.
Nearby state parks
The following state parks are within of Colonel Denning State Park:
Big Spring State Forest Picnic Area (Perry County)
Caledonia State Park (Adams and Franklin Counties)
Fowlers Hollow State Park (Perry County)
Kings Gap Environmental Education and Training Center (Cumberland County)
Little Buffalo State Park (Perry County)
Mont Alto State Park (Franklin County)
Pine Grove Furnace State Park (Cumberland County)
References
External links
State parks of Pennsylvania
Parks in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
Campgrounds in Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1936
1936 establishments in Pennsylvania
Civilian Conservation Corps in Pennsylvania
Protected areas of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
Chen Xingbi (; 28 January 1931 – 4 December 2019) was a Chinese electronics engineer and professor at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China. Known for their invention of superjunction power semiconductor devices, they were elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a life fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). They were inducted into IEEE's ISPSD Hall of Fame in 2019.
Early life and education
Chen was born on 28 January 1931 in Shanghai, Republic of China, with their ancestral home in Pujiang County, Zhejiang. Their father, Chen Dezheng (), was a Kuomintang politician who was dismissed for offending Chiang Kai-shek. Their mother, Xu Hemei (), studied literature at Shanghai University.
Chen entered primary school at the age of only three. When they were six, the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out and the Japanese attacked Shanghai. Chen's family fled the city for Chongqing, China's wartime capital. As a result of the Japanese bombing of Chongqing, the family fled again to the countryside in Hechuan, where they completed their primary and middle school education under harsh conditions.
After the end of the Second World War, Chen's family returned to Shanghai, where they studied at and was admitted to the Department of Electrical Engineering of Tongji University with a scholarship.
Career
Upon graduation from Tongji University in 1952, Chen was assigned to teach at the Department of Electrical Engineering of Xiamen University. A year later, they were transferred to the faculty of radio electronics at Nanjing Institute of Technology (now Southeast University).
In 1956, Chen furthered their studies at the Institute of Applied Physics of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, where they researched semiconductors for two and half years. They joined the faculty of the newly established University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC) in Chengdu in 1959.
During the Cultural Revolution (1966–1976), Chen was persecuted because of their family's Kuomintang background and performed manual labour at a May Seventh Cadre School. After the end of the period they went to the United States in 1980 as a visiting scholar at Ohio State University and the University of California, Berkeley.
Upon returning to China in 1983, Chen was appointed a department chair at UESTC. They soon established the Institute of Microelectronics at the university and focused their research on MOSFET and power semiconductor devices. They also taught as a visiting professor at the University of Toronto in Canada and the University of Wales Swansea.
Chen died on 4 December 2019 in Chengdu, aged 88.
Contributions and honours
Chen was a leading expert on power semiconductor devices in China, known for their invention of superjunction, for which they were granted a US patent in 1993. They also developed China's first VDMOS, LDMOS, insulated-gate bipolar transistor (IGBT), and other semiconductor devices. They published more than 200 research papers and held over 40 patents in China, the United States, and other countries.
They were elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1999 and a life fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2019. In 2015, they won the Pioneer Award from IEEE's International Symposium on Power Semiconductor Devices and ICs (ISPSD), the first awardee from the Asia-Pacific region. In May 2019, they were inducted into the ISPSD Hall of Fame "for contributions to superjunction power semiconductor devices".
References
1931 births
2019 deaths
Chinese electronics engineers
Engineers from Shanghai
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Tongji University alumni
Xiamen University faculty
Southeast University faculty
University of Electronic Science and Technology of China faculty
Second Sino-Japanese War refugees
Victims of the Cultural Revolution
20th-century Chinese inventors
Never Ever is a 1998 independent film written and directed by Charles Finch, and starring Finch, Sandrine Bonnaire, and Jane March.
Plot
Thomas and Amanda Murray, a British couple who move to Paris, where Thomas gets a job working at a bank owned by Amanda's father, Arthur. Amanda does not like Paris, and returns home to London. Thomas then meets up with a French woman named Katherine, and begins an affair with them
External links
1996 films
1996 drama films
American independent films
Adultery in films
British drama films
British independent films
1998 drama films
1998 films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
1990s British films
The Stavnic is a left tributary of the river Bârlad in Romania. It discharges into the Bârlad in Vulturești. The Căzănești Dam is located on the Stavnic. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Rivers of Vaslui County
Giano may refer to:
Giano dell'Umbria, a comune in Umbria, central Italy
Giano Vetusto, a comune in Campania, southern Italy
The Italian name of the ancient god Janus (mythology)
The Italian name of Saturn's moon Janus (moon)
The men's 3000 metres event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 and 11 March in Rotterdam.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Held on 10 March.
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
Held on 11 March.
References
3000 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
3000
Embassy International School () is an international school in Krakow, Poland, offering A levels. It serves an age range of 3 to 18/19.
Embassy International School offers education for the international and local community of all ages, from 3 to 19, from Nursery (Kindergarten) to the end of high school exams (A levels).
Their pupils are recruited from the expat community as well as the local community and represent more than 25 nationalities.
References
International schools in Kraków
Penrose railway station may refer to:
Penrose railway station, New South Wales, on the Main South line in Australia
Penrose railway station, Auckland, on the Auckland railway network in New Zealand
The Rural Municipality of Cymri No. 36 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Cymri No. 36 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Heritage properties
There is one historical property located within the RM.
Steven Peterson Residence - Constructed in 1916 as the Gustav Peterson Residence, in Halbrite. The residence also functioned as a community meeting place.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Midale
Villages
Halbrite
Macoun
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Blewett
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Cymri No. 36 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Cymri No. 36 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Attractions
The RM includes the Mainprize Regional Park.
Government
The RM of Cymri No. 36 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Joe Vilcu while its administrator is Sarah Leck. The RM's office is located in Midale.
References
C
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Even Hotels (styled EVEN Hotels) is a hotel brand launched in 2012 by InterContinental Hotels Group with an emphasis on "wellness".
Timeline
The company had aimed to roll out the new hotel brand initially in North America with a target of 100 hotels in five years, with the first opening in June 2014 in Norwalk, Connecticut, with a 129-room hotel. but as of June 2021, there were 20 open hotels, though 30 additional hotels are "in the pipeline".
In 2014, additional hotels opened in Rockville, Maryland, with three more locations in New York that opened in 2015; a 150-room new build in the Garment District and the flagship 230-room tower near Grand Central Terminal, and a 204-room property in Brooklyn, New York, that opened in 2015. In 2016 a 132-room new built hotel was opened in Omaha, Nebraska.
As of June 2021, there were 20 hotels. All room numbers are even numbers.
See also
Wellness tourism
References
InterContinental Hotels Group brands
Kalyanmoy Deb is an Indian computer scientist. Deb is the Herman E. & Ruth J. Koenig Endowed Chair in Communication Systems in the Department of Electrical and Computing Engineering at Michigan State University. Deb is also a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Michigan State University.
Deb established the Kanpur Genetic Algorithms Laboratory at IIT Kanpur in 1997 and the Computational Optimization and Innovation (COIN) Laboratory at Michigan State in 2013. In 2001, Wiley published a textbook written by Deb titled Multi-Objective Optimization using Evolutionary Algorithms as part of its series titled "Systems and Optimization". In an analysis of the network of authors in the academic field of evolutionary computation by Carlos Cotta and Juan-Julián Merelo, Deb was identified as one of the most central authors in the community and was designated as a "sociometric superstar" of the field. Deb has several honors, including the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar award in engineering sciences (2005), the Thomson Citation Laureate award for their highly cited research in computer science (1996–2005), and the MCDM Edgeworth-Pareto Award for a record of creativity to the extent that the field of multiple-criteria decision making would not exist in its current form in 2008. Deb has been awarded the Infosys Prize in Engineering and Computer Science from Infosys Limited, Bangalore, India for their contributions to evolutionary multi-objective optimization, which have led to "advances in non-linear constraints, decision uncertainty, programming and numerical methods, computational efficiency of large-scale problems, and optimization algorithms."  They are also a recipient of the 2012 TWAS Prize from the World Academy of Sciences.
Background and career
Deb received their B.Tech. in Mechanical Engineering (1985) from IIT Kharagpur and their MS (1989) and PhD (1991) in Engineering Mechanics from the University of Alabama. Their PhD advisor was David E. Goldberg, and their PhD thesis was titled Binary and Floating-Point Function Optimization using Messy Genetic Algorithms. From 1991 to 1992 they were a postdoc at UIUC. In 1993, they became a professor of mechanical engineering at IIT Kanpur, where they went on to hold the Deva Raj Endowed Chair (2007-2010) and the Gurmukh and Veena Mehta Endowed Chair (2011-2013). For their next position, they left for the Michigan State University, where has been the Herman E. & Ruth J. Koenig Endowed Chair since 2013.
Research
NSGA
Deb is a highly cited researcher, with 138,000+ Google Scholar citations and an h-index of 116. A large fraction of their citations come from their work on nondominated-sorting genetic algorithms for multiobjective optimization. In 1994, Deb and coauthor Nidamarthi Srinivas introduced one of the first nondominated-sorting genetic algorithms, which they termed "NSGA".
NSGA-II
In 2002, Deb and coauthors Amrit Pratap, Sameer Agarwal, and T.A.M.T. Meyarivan introduced a notion of crowding distance for an individual, which "calculates a measure of how close an individual is to its neighbors." They also introduced a faster way to implement nondominated sorting, by for every individual keeping track of which other individuals it strictly dominates. By incorporating crowding distance, elitism, and the faster implementation of nondominated sorting into the original NSGA, Deb and their coauthors modified the original NSGA and made it faster and more reliable. They termed this modification "NSGA-II". According to the Web of Science Core Collection database, this paper was the first paper solely by Indian authors to have more than 5,000 citations.
NSGA-III
In 2013, Deb and coauthor Himanshu Jain proposed a modification of NSGA-II for solving many-objective optimization problems with 10+ objectives. They termed this modification "NSGA-III".
Awards
Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar (2005)
Infosys Awards (2010)
J.C.Bose National Fellow (2011)
IEEE Fellow (2011)
ACM Sr. Member (2012)
Edgeworth-Pareto Award (2008)
Honorary Doctorate Degree, Univ. of Jyvaskyla, Finland (2013)
The World Academy of Sciences (2012)
CajAstur "Mamdani" Prize, European Soft Computing Center (2011)
Finish Distinguished Professor (FiDiPro) (2007–2009)
Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel Award, AvH, Germany (2003)
Humboldt Fellow, AvH, Germany (1998)
Notes
References
External links
Kalyanmoy Deb: Current Classic Paper in Engineering Podcast (November, 2010)
Interview with Deb by ESI Special Topics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Michigan State University faculty
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Scientists from Tripura
TWAS laureates
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Engineering Science
Arnhild Lauveng (born 13 January 1972) is a Norwegian psychologist.
Personal life
Lauveng had schizophrenia from the age of 17. They spent 10 years in various institutions. When they recovered they studied psychology at the University of Oslo, and now works as a clinical psychologist. In their autobiographical memoir A Road Back from Schizophrenia they describe their life at the hospital ward.
Awards
Fritt Ord Honorary Award (2008)
Selected publications
I morgen var jeg alltid en løve, Cappelen Damm (2005)
A Road Back from Schizophrenia: A Memoir, Skyhorse Publishing (2012)
References
1972 births
Living people
Norwegian psychologists
The New York City mayoral election of 1985 occurred on Tuesday, November 5, 1985, with Democratic incumbent Mayor Ed Koch being re-elected to a third term by a landslide margin.
Koch received an overwhelming 78.02% of the vote citywide. Koch also swept all five boroughs by landslide margins, breaking 70% of the vote in Manhattan and Queens and breaking 80% of the vote in Brooklyn, the Bronx, and Staten Island.
Koch's closest competitor was the Liberal Party nominee, New York City Council President Carol Bellamy, who received 10.20% of the vote. Finishing in a distant third was the Republican nominee, Diane McGrath, who received 9.14% of the vote.
Koch defeated their nearest competitor by a landslide 67.82% Democratic margin of victory and was sworn into their third and final term in January 1986.
Al Vann and Herman Badillo tried to unite the Black and Puerto Rican communities but were thwarted by the Gang of Four, "But in a move that shocked Vann, the so-called “Gang of Four” from Harlem–Charles Rangel, David Dinkins, Basil Paterson and Percy Sutton–broke ranks and put forth their own candidate for mayor, Harlem Assemblyman Herman “Denny” Farrell, a dark horse if ever there was one. They argued that a black group like the Coalition for a Just New York should support a black candidate, not a Puerto Rican. Badillo bitterly withdrew from consideration. Farrell lost badly in the primary."
As of 2022, this is the last time a Democrat won Staten Island in a mayoral election.
Results
The Koch vote includes 862,226 Democratic and 6,034 Independent votes. The McGrath vote was 79,508 Republican and 22,160 Conservative.
Other vote was: Yehuda Levin - Right to Life - 14,517; Lenora Fulani - New Alliance - 7,597;Jarvis Tyner - People Before Profits - 3,370; Andrea Gonzalez - Socialist Workers - 1,677; Gilbert DiLucia - Coalition - 1,135; Marjorie Stanberg - Spartacist - 1,101; Scattered - 9
Koch won the Democratic Primary: Koch-436,151 64.0%; Bellamy - 127,690 18.7%; Denny Farrell - 89,845 13.2%; DiLucia - 11, 627 1.7%; Fred Newman - 8,584 1.2%;
Judah Rubenstein - 8,057 1.2%
References
Mayoral election, 1985
1985
New York City mayoral
New York
The Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra (WCO) is a professional chamber orchestra in Madison, Wisconsin. It was founded in 1960 by Gordon B. Wright. Its current conductor, Andrew Sewell, began their tenure with the orchestra in 2000. The WCO holds 29 concerts each year, including five concerts in their Masterworks series, youth concerts, holiday concerts, and six free-to-public outdoor Concerts on the Square held on the grounds of the Wisconsin State Capitol.
The Orchestra was originally established as the Madison Summer Symphony. In 1969, David Lewis Crosby become the Orchestra's director after the Wright's departure. Under Crosby's direction, the Madison Summer Symphony changed its name to the Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra. Crosby inaugurated the popular Concerts on the Square concert series in 1984 and remained the Orchestra's conductor until their death in 1998. Andrew Sewell became the Orchestra's music director in 2000, a position they have held since.
References
External links
Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra official site
American orchestras
Musical groups established in 1960
Culture of Madison, Wisconsin
Performing arts in Wisconsin
Musical groups from Wisconsin
1960 establishments in Wisconsin
La Quinta de San Pedro Alejandrino (Spanish for Quinta of Saint Peter of Alexandria) is an hacienda or quinta built in the 17th century, famous for being the death place of Simón Bolívar on December 17, 1830. The hacienda is located in the corregimiento of Mamatoco within the tourist district of Santa Marta, near the Caribbean sea in northern Colombia.
In Bolívar's time, the estate produced rum, honey and panela.
Nowadays it functions as a tourist site, museum and historical landmark. Simón Bolívar is considered one of the most influential people in the struggle for independence for South American countries including Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. This museum is considered a tourist site where others can come to honor their actions. There is a small entrance fee for the museum with a discount for children.
External links
Quinta de San Pedro Alejandrino (official web site)
Houses in Colombia
Museums in Colombia
Landmarks in Colombia
Monuments to Simón Bolívar
Santa Marta
Buildings and structures in Magdalena Department
Tourist attractions in Magdalena Department
Elzhana Taniyeva (born 5 September 2005) is a Kazakh rhythmic gymnast.
Personal life
Taniyeva speaks Russian and English. Them idol is Kazakhstani rhythmic gymnast Aliya Yussupova. They have trained at Irina Viner-Usmanova Rhythmic Gymnastics Centre in Moscow, Russia and has received the title of Master of Sport of International Class in Kazakhstan.
Career
Junior
Elzhana competed in the 1st Rhythmic Gymnastics Junior World Championships in Moscow, Russia, finishing 13th in the team event and 21st with ribbon. They qualified for the rope final, finishing in 4th just down the podium.
Senior
In 2021 they took part in the Moscow World Cup, qualifying for all the finals however they did not win any medal. Later that year Taniyeva was selected to compete at the 38th Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championship in Kitakyushu, Japan finishing mid ranking in the four events.
Them 2022 started with the Palaio Faliro World Cup, Elzhana finished 6th in the hoop final. In Sofia they qualified for the hoop, ball and clubs final, winning bronze in the latter. Baku saw their 4th in the ball final and 5th in the clubs'.
Routine music information
References
Living people
2005 births
Kazakhstani rhythmic gymnasts
Doctor Glas, an epistolary novel by Hjalmar Söderberg, tells the story of a physician in 19th-century Sweden who deals with moral and love issues.
Synopsis
The novel is about Dr. Tyko Gabriel Glas who is a respected physician in Stockholm. The story is told in the form of a diary and follows Doctor Glas as they struggle with depression. The antagonist is Reverend Gregorius, a morally corrupt clergyman. Gregorius' beautiful young wife confides in Dr. Glas that their sex life is making them miserable and asks for their help. Glas falls in love with them and agrees to help even though they already have another lover. They attempt to intervene, but the Reverend refuses to give up their "marital rights" — they must have sex with them whether they like it or not. So, in order to make their love happy, they begin to plot their husband's murder. The novel also deals with issues such as abortion, women's rights, suicide, euthanasia, and eugenics. Not surprisingly, the book triggered a violent campaign against its author who was subsequently vilified in Swedish literary circles.
English translations
In 1963, the first English edition of this novel was published. It featured an introduction by author William Sansom.
In 2002, the latest edition was published by Anchor Books with an introduction by Canadian author Margaret Atwood.
Prequel
In 2004, Swedish author Bengt Ohlsson wrote a book named Gregorius using Söderberg's character Gregorius and expanded upon their background, explaining why they have become so morally corrupt when readers meet them in Doctor Glas.
Film adaptations
1942: a black-and-white Swedish adaptation directed by Rune Carlsten
1968: a Danish adaptation directed by Mai Zetterling
External links
Complete Review of Doctor Glas
Complete original Swedish text at Project Runeberg
Introduction to Doctor Glas by Margaret Atwood
Annotations of Doctor Glas at NYU
Swedish novels adapted into films
1905 Swedish novels
Swedish romance novels
Thriller novels
Epistolary novels
Adultery in novels
Works by Hjalmar Söderberg
Swedish-language novels
Novels set in Stockholm
Little, Brown and Company books
Chatto & Windus books
Franco Javier López Escamilla (born 29 April 1981) is a Mexican comedian, voice actor, musician, philanthropist, business person, and founder of La Diablo Squad (The Devil Squad).
Biography
Escamilla was born in Cuautla, Morelos on April 29 of 1981. They also have an older sister. On the summer of 1997 after their parents divorced Escamilla moved with their mom to Monterrey, Nuevo Leon.
They studied music at the Escuela de Musica y Danza Superior de Monterrey.
They went to Venezuela to do their first internacional show in January 2016.
Also Escamilla studied criminology for 3 years but they decided to leave the career.
Before becoming a comedian, Escamilla worked as a chef at a burger place, as a waiter and was part of a Kentucky Fried Chicken team.
Career
 They are mainly known for their comedy shows; They have performed throughout the Mexican Republic, and throughout Latin America, even starting their own "World Tour" of their tour "Por la Anécdota", having confirmed presentations in the United States of America and Europe, including trips to Japan. and Australia. This tour led to sold-out nights in Los Angeles, London, Paris, Barcelona, Tokyo, and more.
Their fame has made them the first comedian to appear at the National Auditorium, and in other important venues in Mexico such as the Arena Ciudad de México, in February 2020 they became the first Latin comedian to appear at Carnegie Hall in New York, in addition to making a small presentation in English at Staples Center together with Gabriel Iglesias, this catapulting them as one of the largest representatives of stand-up comedy in Mexico and Latin America.
They have three specials: "Comedians of the world", "For the Anecdote" and "Welcome to the World" within the Netflix streaming platform.
They made their debut as a musician at the Trovafest in 2016, they also performed together with the Argentine band Los Caligaris at the music festival "Pa'l Norte" in 2017. They recorded their own music album in collaboration with Edgar Oceransky.
They had their own television show on the Estrella TV channel called The Franco Escamilla Show and has also participated in episodes of Comedy Central.
They have a program called "La Mesa Reñoña", which has more than 200 editions, made by their colleagues from "La Diablo Squad", which is broadcast live every Monday at 9:30 pm. (Monterrey time) via YouTube. It has special editions with stars from various fields, including Gabriel Iglesias and John Milton.
Through its official YouTube channel, it presents a wide range of programming, among which stand out, "La mesa reñoña", "El Príncipe del barrio", "Tirando bola", "Follow me on the trip", "Desde el Cerro de la Silla with Franco Escamilla" and "Freestyle para moles" .
Escamilla performs La Mesa Reñoña and various programs with the members of their crew founded by themselves called "La Diablo Squad".
In July 2018, United Talent Agency signed Escamilla in all areas of the world in order to continue to support and promote Escamilla's career when it comes to touring, film, television, brands, and more.
Their "RPM" tour (2018, 2019), reached Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, Israel, Dubai, Japan, Argentina, among other countries, in addition to their performances in Mexico and the United States.
 They are currently running their "Payaso" tour, from 2019 to 2021.
Tours
2014-2015: Ríspida Rapsodia Regia (Luego renombrado El Show del Teatro Blanquita)
2015-2016: ¡Y ya! (That's it!)
2016-2017: Bienvenido al Mundo (Welcome to the world)
2017: Por la anécdota (for the story)
2018-2019: RPM
2019-2021: Payaso (Clown)
References
↑ «Biografía de Franco Escamilla». BuenaMusica. Consultado el 9 de enero de 2021.
↑ «Estos trabajos tuvo Franco Escamilla antes de ser famoso». Consultado el 9 de enero de 2021.
↑ «Franco Escamilla Payaso Tour». Consultado el 9 de enero de 2021.
↑ «Franco Escamilla concluirá gira 2016 en el Auditorio Nacional». Publimetro México. Consultado el 12 de abril de 2017.
↑ https://amp.milenio.com/espectaculos/franco-escamilla-comediante-latino-carnegie}}
↑ «Netflix estrenará documental del comediante y músico Franco Escamilla». El Universal. 2 de junio de 2018. Consultado el 12 de septiembre de 2018.
↑ «Franco Escamilla se presentará como parte del Trovafest | ADN Informativo | Noticias de Querétaro». adninformativo.mx. Archivado desde el original el 12 de abril de 2017. Consultado el 12 de abril de 2017.
↑ «Así se vivió el último día del ‘Pa´l Norte'». La Prensa. 3 de abril de 2017. Archivado desde el original el 12 de abril de 2017. Consultado el 12 de abril de 2017.
↑ «Lanzará Franco Escamilla su primer álbum». Archivado desde el original el 12 de abril de 2017. Consultado el 12 de abril de 2017.
↑ «El show de Franco Escamilla | EstrellaTV | Inicio». francoescamilla.estrellatv.com. Consultado el 12 de abril de 2017.
↑ «FRANCO ESCAMILLA BUSCA REIVINDICAR LA FIGURA DEL “PAYASO” CON SHOW». Consultado el 9 de enero de 2021.
↑ Notimex, Sabrina. «Franco Escamilla concluirá gira 2016 en el Auditorio Nacional». Publimetro. Consultado el 20 de julio de 2019.
↑ Zúñiga, Sabrina (24 de octubre de 2017). «Franco Escamilla Por la Anécdota Tour». El diario. Consultado el 20 de julio de 2019.
↑ Escamilla, Franco (1 de enero de 2018). «¡A ver cómo nos va!». Consultado el 20 de julio de 2019.
↑ «¡Franco Escamilla llevó su Payaso Tour al Forum de Mundo Imperial! |». veromerol.com.mx. 3 de diciembre de 2019. Consultado el 28 de junio de 2021.
External links
Canal de Franco Escamilla en YouTube
1981 births
Living people
Modern warfare generally refers to contemporary warfare as contrasted with previous methods.
Aspects of modern warfare:
Early modern warfare
18th-century warfare
Napoleonic Wars
Industrial warfare
Mechanized warfare
Total war
Fourth-generation warfare
Modern Warfare as a proper noun:
Modern Warfare (band), punk rock band from Long Beach, California
"Modern Warfare" (Community), episode of the television series Communitny
Several video games named modern warfare in the Call of Duty series of first-person shooters:
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, released 2007
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare (Nintendo DS), first-person shooter companion of above game for the Nintendo DS
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, 2009 sequel to Call of Duty 4
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare – Mobilized, a first-person shooter companion of above game for the Nintendo DS
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, 2011 sequel to Modern Warfare 2
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, released in October 2019.
See also
Military history
The Main Thing may refer to:
The Main Thing (Alsou album)
The Main Thing (Real Estate album)
"The Main Thing", a song by Roxy Music from the album Avalon
Szuha () is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
Etymology
The name comes from the Slavic word suchá: dry.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Pechreada (, ) is a district (srok) located in Mondulkiri Province, in Cambodia.
References
Districts of Mondulkiri province
Mihály Dresch (born 1955) is a Hungarian saxophone player. They play a combination of American free jazz and traditional Hungarian folk music.
Dresch was studying to become an engineer when they turned to jazz. They were a member of the Károly Binder Quartet. Since 1998 they have performed in a quartet with István Baló (drums), Ferenc Kovács (violin), Miklós Lukács (dulcimer), Mátyás Szandai (double bass) has existed since 1998.
Dresch has worked with John Tchicai, Archie Shepp, Roscoe Mitchell, Chico Freeman, David Murray, Hamid Drake, and Dewey Redman. The project with Archie Shepp led to the Hungarian Bebop recording of 2002, on which Shepp plays Dresch's compositions. Dresch has performed at jazz festivals worldwide, including the London Jazz Festival.
Dresch is a member of György Szabados's band, the MAKUZ Ensemble. Szabados is part of the free music movement in Hungary.
Discography
As leader or co-leader
Cool Sky (2001)
Quiet as It Is (Budapest Music Center Records, 2002)
Egyenes Zene (Straight Music) (BMC, 2004)
Argyelus (BMC, 2007)
Gondellied in the Sahara with Miklos Lukacs, Michael Schiefel, Matyas Szandai (BMC, 2010)
Sharing the Shed with Hamid Drake, Lafayette Gilchrist, Matyas Szandai (BMC, 2010)
Labirintus with Miklos Lukacs (Fono, 2013)
Zea with Chris Potter (BMC, 2017)
1985 Sóhajkeserű (Bem rakpart, Budapest, 1985. május 3.) Hungaroton Jazz Studium No. 3 (MC)
1985 Kvartet Drech - Peti Jubilarni Internacionalni Susret Dzez Muzicara "Naissus Jazz '85" Magánkiadás
1987 Hazafelé Magánkiadás Jazz Studium No. 6. (MC)
1989 Sóhajkeserű (10. Kölni Jazzhaus Fesztivál, 1988. április 2.) Hungaroton
1990 Gondolatok a régiekről Adyton
1993 Dresch Dudás Mihály Quartet: Zeng a lélek Adyton
1995 Dresch Dudás Mihály Quartett: Folyondár Adyton
1996 Túl a vizen (Fonó)
1997 Dresch Dudás Mihály: Hűs-ég (Fonó)
1998 Dresch Dudás Mihály Quartet: Révészem, révészem... (Fonó)
2000 Riding the Wind (Mozdulatlan Utazás) (November Music)
2002 Hungarian Bebop with Archie Shepp (BMC)
2006 Live Reed (Élő nád) (X-Production)
2009 Ritka madár (X-Production)
References
Dresch, Mihaly
Dresch, Mihaly
Dresch, Mihaly
Since Alaska's admission to the Union in January 1959, it has participated in 16 United States presidential elections, always having 3 electoral votes. In the 1960 presidential election, Alaska was narrowly won by the Republican Party's candidate and incumbent vice president Richard Nixon, defeating the Democratic Party's candidate John F. Kennedy by a margin of just 1.88% (1,144 votes). In the 1964 presidential election, the Democratic Party's candidate Lyndon B. Johnson won Alaska in a national Democratic landslide victory. Since the 1964 election, Alaska has been won by the Republican Party in every presidential election.
Ronald Reagan, the Republican candidate in the 1984 presidential election, won Alaska by 36.78%, which remains the largest margin of victory in the state's history. Ross Perot, the independent candidate in the 1992 presidential election, received the highest vote share (28.43%) ever won by a third party candidate in Alaska. Various news organizations have characterized Alaska as a safe Republican state. No Republican has won the presidency without carrying Alaska due to Lyndon B. Johnson being the only Democrat candidate to ever carry the state.
Presidential elections
Graph
The following graph shows the margin of victory of the winner over the runner-up in the 16 presidential elections Alaska participated.
See also
Elections in Alaska
List of the United States presidential election results by state
Notes
References
Works cited
The Political Studies Association (PSA) is a learned society in the United Kingdom which exists to develop and promote the study of politics. It is the leading association in its field in the United Kingdom, with an international membership including academics in political science and current affairs, theorists and practitioners, policymakers, researchers and students in higher education.
The PSA was founded in 1950, following the establishment of the International Political Science Association in 1949, and was initially supported by a grant from UNESCO.
The PSA has a network of over fifty "Specialist Groups" that provide a research focus for members and receive support from the PSA.
Publications
The PSA publishes four journals:
British Journal of Politics and International Relations
Political Studies: publishes research in all areas of politics and international relations. The journal's approach is not dominated by a particular methodological or theoretical framework. Indeed, the editors have expressed their wish to encourage a pluralism and debate between approaches.
Political Studies Review: provides not only reviews of new books and literature on political science and international relations but also provides a forum for wide-ranging debates and reviews.
Politics.
Awards
The PSA holds an annual awards ceremony, giving prizes to political scientists, journalists and politicians. Academic prizes include the Sir Isaiah Berlin Prize, for lifetime contribution to political studies and the W. J. M. Mackenzie Book Prize for the best book published in political science during the preceding year.
In 2000, to celebrate its 50th anniversary, the PSA also awarded one-off Lifetime Achievement Awards to Brian Barry, Jean Blondel, David Butler, Bernard Crick, Denis Healey, Edward Heath, Stanley Hoffmann, Roy Jenkins, and Richard Rose.
In 2012, Professor Vicky Randall, who served as chair of the association from 2008 until 2011, was granted a Special Recognition Award in honour of “her tireless work integrating gender analysis into political science and their efforts to secure fairer representation of women in political life and the study of politics”.
References
External links
Homepage of the PSA
Politics journal homepage
Political Studies journal homepage
Political Studies Review journal homepage
British Journal of Politics and International Relations journal homepage
Political Insight journal homepage
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Camden
Organizations established in 1950
Political science organizations
1950 establishments in the United Kingdom
KAlarm is a personal alarm message, command and email scheduler application integrated with the KDE desktop environment. When a scheduled alarm goes off, KAlarm can display a text message or image file, run a command, send an email or play a sound file, acting like an alarm clock. KAlarm supports the scheduling of multiple alarm times and alarm dates. Aside from control through the graphical interface KAlarm can also be operated using the command line.
References
External links
KAlarm in kde.org
The KAlarm Handbook
KAlarm in userbase.kde.org
KDE PIM Project Homepage
KDE Applications
Kdepim
Stephen Noel Broadberry FBA (born 8 December 1956) is a British economist and academic.  They are Professor of Economic History at the University of Oxford, and a professorial fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. They have been editor of the Economic History Review, the Essays in Economic and Business History, and the European Review of Economic History.  They are president of the Economic History Society and was president of the European Historical Economics Society. They were elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA) in 2016. Broadberry received a B.A. (Honors, First Class) in Economics and Economic History from the University of Warwick in 1978 and a M.Phil/D.Phil from the University of Oxford in Economics in 1982.
Selected publications
The British Economy Between the Wars: A Macroeconomic Survey. Blackwell, 1986.
The Productivity Race, 1850-1990: British Manufacturing in International Perspective, 1850-1990. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1997.
Market Services and the Productivity Race, 1850-2000: British Performance in International Perspective. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 2006.
Cambridge Economic History of Europe. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 2010.(edited with Kevin O'Rourke)
British Economic Growth, 1270-1870, Co-authored with Bruce Campbell, Alexander Klein, Mark Overton and Bas van Leeuwen. Cambridge University Press, 2015.
References
Living people
1956 births
British economists
Economic historians
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of Nuffield College, Oxford
Manhattan Baby is a 1982 Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci, and starring Christopher Connelly and Carlo De Mejo. The film begins in Egypt, where Susie, the daughter of archaeologist George Hacker, is given a mysterious talisman by an old woman. Meanwhile, their father investigates a tomb, and is blinded by a blue light. George and Susie return to New York, where George gradually recovers their vision. Strange deaths begin to occur around the Hackers, seemingly caused by the amulet.
Manhattan Baby was shot in New York and Egypt in March and April 1982. It was originally planned to be one of Fulci's more expensive films, but its budget was cut in half during production. After the film's release, both Fulci and screenwriter Dardano Sacchetti dismissed it. Fulci would not work with producer Fabrizio De Angelis again. The film received negative reviews from Corriere della Sera and La Stampa.
Plot
On holiday in Egypt with their archaeologist father George and journalist mother, Emily, nine-year-old Susie Hacker is approached by a mysterious blind woman who gives them an amulet. Soon after, George becomes blind when they enter a previously unexplored tomb.
George learns that their vision loss is temporary upon returning to New York City. Susie, their younger brother, Tommy, and their au pair, Jamie Lee, are affected by the mysterious amulet, gaining supernatural access to dimensional doorways. When George's eyesight returns, they describe the design on the wall of the tomb he'd entered to a colleague named Wiler.
At their office, Emily and their colleague, Luke, are working on an article about the events in Egypt when a panicked Jamie Lee phones to say the children are locked in their bedroom. Emily and Luke arrive at the house, but when Luke tries to unlock the door, they are sucked into a dimensional portal, appearing amidst the vast, arid Egyptian desert, where they later dies of dehydration. The Hackers treat Luke's disappearance as a practical joke.
Jamie Lee takes the kids to Central Park, where they take photos of them. A woman picks up a discarded Polaroid of Susie that shows nothing but the amulet against the grassy background. The woman contacts a man called Adrian Marcato, and the next day they drop the Polaroid, now containing Marcato's contact details, down to Mrs. Hacker from a window.
The children appear and disappear from their bedrooms on what Tommy calls "voyages." When Jamie Lee disappears after entering Tommy's room, they tell their mother that they have not come back from their voyage. That evening, as George's colleague Wiler studies a photograph of the amulet, they are fatally bitten by a cobra that appears in their office. The photo reappears in Susie's hand as they recover from a mysterious fit.
George and Emily track down Marcato to their antique shop. They tell them about the evil symbolism of the amulet and suggests that Susie has absorbed its energy. When George and Emily find it in Susie's bedroom drawer, they appear to them glowing with an unearthly blue light and then faints. Marcato is called to the Hackers apartment to examine Susie, but their inner voice possesses them crying for help and falls to the ground, bleeding and foaming at the mouth. They regain consciousness and successfully links minds briefly with George, showing them a glimpse into the eldritch Egypt their children have been visiting. George and Emily then take Susie to a nearby hospital where the physician, Dr. Forrester, examines her, baffled by their illness. An X-ray shows the dark shape of a hooded cobra mark inside their chest.
While Emily maintains a bedside vigil for the near-comatose Susie, Tommy is alone in the apartment. Suddenly, Jamie Lee turns up, bursting through a wall as a reanimated rotting cadaver before they drop dead. A strange blue light of negative energy flows from Tommy, the bedridden Susie, and the dimensional doorways and channels into Marcato's home, where they are reciting an ancient Egyptian spell. George goes to see Marcato again, who tells them that they can stop worrying about their children. Marcato has channeled the evil energy away from George's children with the spell, and the curse is now on him. They give George the amulet and tells them to discard it so the curse will not affect anyone else. That night, Marcato is killed at their shop when the reanimated carcasses of their stuffed birds come to life and tear them to pieces. A healed Susie wakes up with their mother by their bedside at the hospital. The following morning, George, following Marcato's last suggestion, flings the amulet into the East River, ending their ordeal.
In the final scene back in Egypt, the mystical blind woman again appears and gives the same amulet to another young girl, intending to continue the curse for the forces of darkness, bringing it full circle.
Cast
Christopher Connelly as Professor George Hacker
Laura Lenzi as Emily Hacker (credited as Martha Taylor)
Giovanni Frezza as Tommy Hacker
Brigitta Boccoli as Susie Hacker
Cinzia De Ponti as Jamie Lee
Cosimo Cinieri as Adrian Mercato (credited as Laurence Welles)
Andrea Bosic as Optician
Carlo De Mejo as Luke
Production
Manhattan Baby was originally planned to have a larger budget than any of the films that Lucio Fulci had previously directed for producer Fabrizio De Angelis. Fulci wanted to experiment and create a film more ethereal and immersive than their previous entries in the horror genre, by using special effects that were optical rather than practical, in contrast to the many gory puppetry and make-up effects of Zombi 2 and The Beyond. Screenwriter Dardano Sacchetti stated that the film's budget was drastically cut from 800 million to 400 million lire. Sacchetti collaborated with their wife Elisa Briganti on a script originally titled Il malocchio (), which they described as "an attempt to do a technological piece. I was attempting to approach themes that were no longer classic or traditionally Gothic. I was trying to bring horror in a different direction."
The film was shot in 1982, from 8 March to the end of April, around Cairo, in New York, and at De Paolis Studios in Rome. A second unit team was shooting Enzo G. Castellari's 1990: The Bronx Warriors around the same time. Sacchetti says the extended opening scene in Egypt was added as an afterthought, to "give the film an international feel."
Release
Manhattan Baby was released in Italy on 12 August 1982, distributed by Fulvia Films. The film grossed a total of L.409,424,657 domestically. It was picked up for distribution in the United States in 1984, but released only theatrically, as Eye of the Evil Dead. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1983, directly to video, under the title The Possessed. The film was released on DVD on 29 May 2001 by Anchor Bay Entertainment.
Manhattan Baby would end the partnership between Fulci and De Angelis. Fulci disliked the film, but stated that they had no choice but to make it, as De Angelis was obsessed with it. Fulci would say that it was "a terrible movie; I'd venture to describe it as one of those setbacks that occur as you go along". Sacchetti and Briganti were also not pleased with the film's finished product, with the former stating that "when the producers decided to cut three-quarters of the budget, some of the special effects could not be realised, and the film was ultimately very poor."
Critical reception
From contemporary reviews, Kim Newman (Monthly Film Bulletin) described Manhattan Baby as Fulci's "smallest, most personal genre film." Newman commented on the film's focus on eyes, stating that "some of the effect is lost on video, this wide-screen dwelling on a single infinitely variable image turns the film into an almost hypnotic screen experience. It is also woodenly scripted, stiffly acted, funereally paced and impossible to follow on any narrative level." Newman concluded that the film "absolves itself from having to make sense: the rough circularity of the story, the insistence on mosaic images rather than smooth plotting, and the impossibility of attributing noble or heroic motives to the character of Marcato, finally serve to remind us that the supernatural is also the irrational." Aldo Vigano of La Stampa found the film "unconvincing and rather predictable". Leonardo Autera of Corriere della Sera commented, "They say that Lucio Fulci, the director, is the most gifted heir in the 'Italian horror' genre, of the late Mario Bava. But there is a substantial difference: Bava knew how to follow Poe's lesson that even the absurd must-have an inner logic; Fulci, instead, navigates in the most absolute arbitrariness, the kind not even the old-time Grand Guignol would have dared."
From retrospective reviews, AllMovie panned the movie, finding it to be one of Fulci's worst. Critiquing the continuous presence of eyes, the review declared that it was "a pointless and stupid film of no possible interest to anyone except demented opticians." Louis Paul, author of the book Italian Horror Film Directors, opined that "although it contains some graphic murders, ultimately [Manhattan Baby] is a decidedly lifeless affair."
Footnotes
References
External links
1982 films
1980s supernatural horror films
Films directed by Lucio Fulci
Italian supernatural horror films
Films set in New York City
Films shot in Egypt
Films shot in New York City
Films shot in Rome
Films set in Egypt
Films scored by Fabio Frizzi
1980s Italian films
Monts Castle is a castle in the municipality of Le Locle of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Le Locle
The London 10,000 is an annual road running event over which takes place in late May in London, United Kingdom. Established in 2008, the race goes through the roads of St. James's Park and finishes on the mall by Buckingham Palace. VitalityHealth took over sponsorship in 2016 from the original sponsor BUPA.
It has become one of the most popular mass participation 10k runs in the United Kingdom. In 2008, over 12,500 runners took part, with 8372 recorded finishers for the 2009 event. It is managed by the same organisers as the London Marathon.
Mo Farah is a seven-time winner of the men's race and their course record of 27:44 minutes in 2010 was ratified as the British record for the 10K road distance. The women's record of 31:06 minutes was also set in 2010, by Kenya's Mary Keitany.
Elite race winners
Key:
References
External links
Official website
10K runs
Tourist attractions in the City of Westminster
Recurring sporting events established in 2008
Athletics in London
Athletics competitions in England
Road running in the United Kingdom
2008 establishments in England
Annual sporting events in the United Kingdom
The Venezuelan coup attempt of November 1992 was an attempt to seize control of the government of Venezuela that took place on 27 November 1992. group of young military officers who were loyal to the Hugo Chávez-led Revolutionary Bolivarian Movement-200 (MBR-200), while Chávez was in prison for the February 1992 coup d'état attempt.
Background
Venezuela had enjoyed democratic stability since 1958, as well as a degree of prosperity. This prosperity was greatly enhanced in the 1970s, when oil prices increased substantially, and Venezuela, a large petroleum exporter, received large revenues, which increased per capita income by about 40%. Venezuela experienced modernization and had one of the highest GDP per capita in its history, while also having an exchange rate of 4 bolivares per 1 US dollar.
However, in the 1980s, other oil producers (especially Saudi Arabia) raised their production, and oil prices dropped. Venezuela's oil revenues dropped substantially, and per capita income declined by about 25%. This imperiled economic and social stability in general. The government's overspending on programs caused massive levels of debt with poverty, inflation and unemployment rising while income declined. Corruption was also widespread, with crime increasing yearly, making the Venezuelan public, primarily the poor who especially felt neglected, become outraged.
The IMF offered assistance to Venezuela with these debts, but on condition of Venezuela enacting budgetary and fiscal reforms to curtail the deficits. In 1989, President Pérez put these liberalization policies into effect, reducing social spending and many commodity subsidies, and removing longstanding price controls on many goods. The resultant discontent erupted in the "Caracazo" beginning on 27 February 1989.
Origin
Many of the participants in the coups had been members of the Partido de la Revolución Venezolana (PRV) in the 1970s. The PRV was created by ex-Communist and guerrilla fighter Douglas Bravo, who after failing in an armed insurrection, sought to infiltrate the Venezuelan armed forces to reach power. Thus, preparation for the coup began more than ten years before Pérez was re-elected in 1988.
The coup organizers rejected the ruling bipartisanship in Venezuela between the two political parties, Democratic Action and COPEI, which they saw as a corrupt and clientelist establishment.
The Movimiento Bolivariano Revolucionario 200 (MBR-200) was founded in 1982 by Lieutenant Colonel Hugo Chávez Frías, who was later joined by Francisco Arias Cárdenas. They used the Venezuelan independence hero Simón Bolívar as their group's symbol. Their main complaint was the corruption of Carlos Andrés Pérez as well as Venezuela's ongoing economic difficulties and social turmoil. In the view of these two men, the entire political system had to be changed in order for social change to occur.
In February 1989 shortly before the Caracazo, Cuban president Fidel Castro allegedly placed sleeper agents in Venezuela to create unrest. With Cuba recently entering its Special Period and experiencing economic difficulties as a result of the Soviet Union's Perestroika, Castro allegedly sought to establish an ally in Venezuela so Cuba could also enjoy funds from oil profits. As the Revolutions of 1989 occurred in Soviet states, Castro had allegedly begun to organize a coup in late 1989 that would indirectly use sleeper agents who participated in the Caracazo. Castro, who was allegedly one of the main organizers according to Venezuelan Major Orlando Madriz Benítez, would instead use Chávez as the face of a civil-military action in order to avoid retaliatory actions from the United States.
While officially unconfirmed, Cuban involvement in and facilitation of the coup attempts was alleged by multiple sources. CIA analyst Brian Latell suggested that the Cuban intelligence agency, the Dirección General de Inteligencia (DGI), may have utilized Chávez to fulfill Cuban strategic dominance of Venezuela and its oil reserves. In Latell's view, the DGI may have either hired Chávez as an agent or provided critical aid to their coup plots. Latell claims Cuba had previously engaged in efforts to destabilize Venezuela by aiding guerrillas in the 1960s. According to General Carlos Julio Peñaloza in their book El Delfín de Fidel, both Fidel Castro and the succeeding President of Venezuela, Rafael Caldera, knew of Chávez's coup plot. Castro allegedly provided agents to convince President Pérez that there was no threat of a coup. After the coup, Caldera, manipulated by Castro and Chávez, was then supposed to take power after Pérez was removed from the presidency.
Coup
On 27 November 1992, a second coup attempt was launched. It was led by officers from the air force and navy, including pilot . The group had contacts with Chávez in prison and had learned some lessons from the February coup's errors, including launching at 4:30 am instead of midnight, and obtaining communications equipment to ensure they would not be stranded without it.
In a bloody shooting, they took over the Venezolana de Televisión state-run television station, killing several of the station's workers in the process. The rebels broadcast a video made in prison by Chávez, calling for a popular uprising. However, the rebels failed to take over other broadcast outlets such as Televen, allowing Pérez to address the nation and declare that the rebellion had failed.
The rebels also seized control of major air bases and largely gained control of the skies. After a minor pilot defection enabled government forces to shoot down a rebel plane, the rebels bombed some targets. They bombed the Helicoide Caracas headquarters of DISIP, the Miraflores Presidential Palace, the Sucre Police headquarters and Generalisimo Francisco de Miranda Air Base. However, by 9:00 am, it was clear that there was little other success for the rebels.
Mirage fighter jets in rebel hands bombed an army barracks west of Caracas; however, the attack had little effect on slowing down the government counterattack. Around the same time, an F-16 pilot loyal to the government managed to engage and shoot down an OV-10.
An attempt to free Chávez and their associates from jail failed, and government forces retook most military bases. At about 3:00 pm, the remaining rebels took off for Peru in two C-130s, although they made it only as far as Iquitos. In total, the November death toll reached 172, much higher than the February attempt.
References
1990s coups d'état and coup attempts
1992 in Venezuela
Carlos Andrés Pérez
Conflicts in 1992
Hugo Chávez
Military coups in Venezuela
November 1992 events in South America
Coup d'état attempts in South America
José R. Oliver is a Puerto Rican/Catalan archaeologist who specialises in the archaeology of the Caribbean and northern South America.  They are affiliated with the Institute of Archaeology at University College London in Bloomsbury, central London, where they work as Reader in Latin American Archaeology.
Born in Barcelona and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Oliver went on to study anthropology in the United States, gaining their BA in the subject from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio in 1977. They subsequently went on to study at the University of Illinois in Urabana-Champaign, gaining their MA in 1981 and then their PhD in 1989.
Their most recent book, Caciques and Cemi Idols. The Web Spun by Taino Rulers between Hispaniola and Puerto Rico, was published in 2009.
Dr. Oliver directs a research project in the Dominican Republic entitled "The Macorix Archaeological Project". It includes a formal field school to train university-level students in collaboration with the Institute of Archaeology-UCL (London), the Museo del Hombre Dominicano (Santo Domingo, D.R.) and the Institute for Field Research (IFR), based in California, USA.
References
External links
UCL Staff page on Oliver
Current archaeological field project:
IFR Global.org
Archaeological.org
Academics of University College London
People associated with the UCL Institute of Archaeology
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican archaeologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Wacana Bhakti Seminary for diocesan clergy was opened in 1988 on the campus of Gonzaga College, Jakarta, Indonesia, and is administered by the Society of Jesus.
See also
List of Jesuit universities and colleges
Catholic Church in Indonesia
References
External links
Jesuit universities and colleges in Indonesia
Seminaries and theological colleges in Indonesia
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in Indonesia
Education in Jakarta
The Saint Pierre and Miquelon franc was the currency of Saint Pierre and Miquelon during a short time.
History
Before 1890, the French franc and Canadian dollar both circulated on the islands. These were supplemented with local banknotes from 1890. The exchange rate of 5.4 francs = 1 dollar was used on the island, although the exchange rate from the two gold standards was 5.1826 francs = 1 dollar. After the franc left the gold standard, only the franc circulated.
During the Second World War, a full set of banknotes was introduced for the islands. In 1945, Saint Pierre and Miquelon adopted a franc tied to the CFA franc, thus avoiding some of the devaluation imposed on the metropolitan currency (c.f. Réunion franc). Coins were issued for the islands in 1948.
In 1960, Saint Pierre and Miquelon adopted the new franc, with 50 old francs = 1 new franc. Local banknotes were used until 1965, when the islands began using French currency along with Canadian currency. The islands continue to use both French and Canadian currencies, with the euro replacing the franc in 2002.
Coins
Saint Pierre and Miquelon's only coins were aluminium 1 and 2 francs coins struck in 1948.
Banknotes
Between 1890 and 1895, the Banque des Isles Saint-Pierre et Miquelon issued 27 and 54 francs notes. These unusual denominations were equivalent to 5 and 10 Canadian dollars. In 1920, the Chamber of Commerce introduced notes in denominations of 0.05, 0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 1 and 2 francs.
In 1943, the Caisse Centrale de la France Libre introduced notes in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 100 and 1000 francs. These were followed from 1945 by issues of the Caisse Centrale de la France d'Outre-Mer in denominations of 5, 20 and 1000 francs, followed by 10 francs in 1946, 50 francs in 1947 and 100, 500 and 5000 francs in 1950.
From 1960, notes were issued overprinted with the value in new francs. These were in denominations of 1, 2, 10, 20 and 100 new francs, overprinted on 50, 100, 500, 1000 and 5000 francs notes. It was subdivided into 100 centimes.
References
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies of North America
Economy of Saint Pierre and Miquelon
History of Saint Pierre and Miquelon
As a surname, Lie may refer to
A Norwegian surname Lie, which may refer to:
Anders Danielsen Lie, Norwegian actor
Jonas Lie (government minister), Norwegian councillor of state
Jonas Lie (painter), Norwegian-American painter
Jonas Lie (writer), Norwegian novelist
Sophus Lie, Norwegian mathematician
Trygve Lie, Norwegian politician, first Secretary-General of the United Nations
Haakon Lie, Norwegian politician
Kaare Lie, Norwegian footballer and journalist
Niels Lie, Danish chess player
Reidar Lie, Norwegian philosopher
The common Hokkien transcription of Chinese surname Li (李), spelled Lie (Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lí) in Indonesia and Netherlands:
Lie Kim Hok, peranakan Chinese writer, social worker
Lie Tek Swie, Indonesian film director
Lie Tjeng Tjoan, Indonesian navy commander during the Indonesian National Revolution
See also
Lie (disambiguation)
Hokkien-language surnames
Norwegian-language surnames
St Mark's Anglican Church is a heritage-listed former church at 36 Larnach Street, Allenstown, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by architect Louis Spier Robertson and was built in 1900. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 28 July 2000.
History
St Mark's Anglican Church was erected at Allenstown in 1900. The architect was Louis Spier Robertson of Rockhampton.
The foundation stone of St Mark's was laid by Mrs Dawes, the wife of the first Bishop of the Diocese of Rockhampton (The Right Revd. Nathaniel Dawes), on 14 October 1900. This Church was subsequently completed and able to be used for services for the first time on Sunday, 23 December 1900.
St Mark's is also located on Larnach Street, which appears to be a street named in honour of an early (1860s) Rockhampton Anglican churchwarden and member of the Church of England Aid Society - J.A. Larnach.
The Rockhampton suburb of Allenstown was the first suburb south of the Fitzroy River. This place obtained its name through William Allen, a merchant and leading layperson of the Primitive Methodist Church. In about 1864, William Allen subdivided land in the Dawson Road area and sold these blocks "to working men for $30 an allotment, allowing them nine months to complete the payments. When one of these men was asked where they lived they are supposed to have replied 'Allen's Town'."
Allenstown's St Mark's Church is one of two identical buildings, both of which were constructed in 1900 by the Anglican Cathedral Parish to meet the needs of Rockhampton's suburban parishioners. St Mark's remains largely in its original configuration, while the other example in Wandal has since been demolished.
The first Anglican cleric to reach Rockhampton was Queensland's first Anglican Bishop, Bishop Edward Tufnell, in November 1860, though lay ministers held Anglican services in Rockhampton during the late 1850s. Following shortly after Tuffnell's visit, The Revd. Thomas Jones arrived at Rockhampton, becoming the popular pioneer Anglican rector. Jones encouraged their congregation to raise sufficient funds in 1862 to allow construction of a small timber church to be built on what later became the site of the present Cathedral Hall and Offices.
Later more funds were raised for a new and larger church with plans drawn up and construction beginning on St Paul's Church in 1872, though this building was not completed and consecrated until 1883. In 1892, the Church of England Diocese of Rockhampton was formed and the St Paul's Church was upgraded becoming the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul the Apostle. The foundation bishop, The Right Revd. Nathaniel Dawes, was formally emplaced on 30 November 1892.
St Mark's is the only remaining ecclesiastical building in south Rockhampton which retains the vernacular building style in timber. The interior retains the integrity of the arrangement of furnishings and liturgical accoutrements associated with the influences of the Oxford Movement. The interior of the building has a rood screen across the chancel - one of few remaining examples extant within the Diocese of Rockhampton, and an apsidal sanctuary.
The emergence of the Oxford Movement and its effect on the practice of the Church of England occurred during the early decades of the 19th century. After the threat of liberalism had receded another challenge arose, with the growth of scientific discovery. In 1833, spurred by John Keble's Assize Sermon at Oxford, a group of Anglican theologians began to fight against liberalism and the new science. Their crusade became known as the Oxford Movement. They set out to create (or re-create) a Church that was chiefly concerned not with social and political influence but with spirituality and its expression through ritual, as had been the concern of the Catholic Revival. Although the Oxford Movement was largely concerned with doctrinal reform of the Church of England, it also influenced the interior arrangements of churches with the focus on the altar rather than the pulpit. The rood screen is an example of the influence of the Oxford Movement on internal church architecture, often viewed as "an open screen, often richly carved and painted, across the entrance to the chancel of a church, extending from floor level to the underside of the rood-beam."
The rood screen extant within St Mark's is believed to have been erected in the 1920s. Most other rood screens found in the Rockhampton Anglican Diocese were erected as World War One memorial, though St Mark's does not possess any designated plaque to confirm whether this was the case though it is presumed to be so.
Within the Diocese of Rockhampton, apart from the example in St Mark's in Allenstown, the only other extant examples of rood screens are found in the Anglican churches at Mount Morgan, Jericho and Barcaldine.
Internally St Mark's is largely in original condition, though the sanctuary was altered with cladding in the 1960s. The altar furnishings are 1960s reproductions, and there is also an Icon of Saint Mark which was donated by the Greek Community in the 1950s.
The church was sold on 22 April 2021 to a Townsville couple for $140,000. According to the real estate agency which handled the sale, there was considerable interest in the property, but the restrictions associated with the heritage listing had been a deterrent for a number of prospective buyers.
Description
St Mark's Anglican Church is situated in Larnach Street, Allenstown, and complements the surrounding local streetscape of timber residences.
The building is timber framed and clad with tongue and groove hardwood, parts of which have exposed framing to the exterior, and windows have pointed arch heads. The gabled roof is covered in corrugated iron.
The street facade has a projecting baptistery flanked by two porches either side, and there is a small vestry attached to the northern side of the sanctuary at the east end.
The interior of the building has a rood screen across the chancel and an apsidal sanctuary. St Mark's also contains a nave, pews and baptismal font all in original form, and there is stained glass in the baptistery.
Heritage listing
St Mark's Anglican Church was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 28 July 2000 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
St Mark's Anglican Church is important in demonstrating the pattern of suburban evolution in the City of Rockhampton, and the concomitant role of the Church of England in meeting the needs of suburban parishioners - in this case in Allenstown - Rockhampton's first suburb south of the Fitzroy River.
The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage.
St Mark's demonstrates a rare example of internal church decoration by possessing an extant example of a Rood-screen, an aspect of internal church architecture associated with the influences of the Oxford Movement.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
This Church is a fine example of the timber Gothic-style architecture dating from 1900, and is the only timber vernacular ecclesiastical construction extant in Rockhampton on the south side of the Fitzroy River.
This church also exhibits particular aesthetic characteristics contributing to the streetscape of Larnach Street, valued not only by the local Allenstown parishioner community, but also the broader community.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
This place has a special association with both the Allenstown and broader Rockhampton Anglican community for both social and spiritual reasons.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
St Mark's also has special association with the work and organisation of the Anglican Diocese of Rockhampton and the needs of Rockhampton's suburban parishioners.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Rockhampton
Anglican churches in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
The 1968 Camden Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Camden London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Adelaide
Belsize
Bloomsbury
Camden
Chalk Farm
Euston
Gospel Oak
Grafton
Hampstead Central
Hampstead Town
Highgate
Holborn
Kilburn
King's Cross
Priory
Regent's Park
St John's
St Pancras
West End
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The 2009 Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering () was the second edition of an Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering.
The event was organized by the Asia Ski Mountaineering Federation (ASMF), and was the first officially sanctioned Asian Championship by the new International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF), which emerged from the ISMC in 2008. At this edition a vertical race and a relay race was added. So that the few female ski mountaineers could also participate in the relay race event, the teams were mixed with at least one female racer.
The championship was held at the Beidahu ski ressort in the Chinese Nagano Prefecture from February 10 to February 13, 2009. Participating were racers from China, South Korea and Japan.
Results
Vertical race
Event held on February 11, 2009; participating where racers from China, South Korea and Japan; course length: 720 metres
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
Individual
Event held on February 12, 2009; course length: 1.900 metres; course of the female racers was 300 metres shortened
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
Relay
Event held on February 12, 2009; mixed teams of at least one female (f) racer
References
2007
Asian Ski Mountaineering Championship
Asian Ski Mountaineering Championship
Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering
Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering 2009
February 2009 sports events in China
The Manitoba Grain Growers' Association (MGGA) was a farmer's association that was active in Manitoba, Canada, in the first two decades of the 20th century.
It provided a voice for farmers in their struggle with grain dealers and the railways, and was influential in obtaining favorable legislation.
The MGGA supported the Grain Growers' Grain Company, a cooperative of prairie farmers, and its organ the Grain Growers' Guide.
At first it remained neutral politically, but in 1920 it restructured as the United Farmers of Manitoba in preparation for becoming a political party.
Background
At the start of the 20th century the North-West Elevator Association, closely associated with the Winnipeg Grain Exchange, controlled over two thirds of the grain elevators on the prairies. The elevator companies, working together, could force the farmers to accept low prices for their grain. When there were shortages of rail cars the railways gave preferential treatment to the companies over the farmers. The 1908 "Partridge Plan" of the Manitoba Grain Growers listed other "ill practices" that included "the taking of heavy dockage, the giving of light weight, misgrading the farmers' grain sold on the street or graded into store, failure to provide cleaning apparatus, changing the identity of the farmers' special binned grain, declining to allot space for special binning and refusing to ship grain to owner's order, even when storage charges are tended.
The Manitoba Grain Act was passed in 1901, designed to prevent these abuses and ensure fair practices and prices in the booming grain trade in the prairie provinces of Canada.
There was a bumper crop that year, and farmers found they could not get their produce to market because the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) and the grain companies were still failing to conform to the act. In 1901 the Territorial Grain Growers' Association (TGGA) was founded in Indian Head, in what is now Saskatchewan, in a meeting of farmers organized to address the issue.
William Richard Motherwell was the driving force behind the TGGA.
In 1902 the TGGA won a case against the CPR that forced it to comply with the Manitoba Grain Act. Farmers became increasingly interested in the TGGA, and the Manitoba Grain Growers Association was formed as a TGGA branch.
In 1905 Alberta and Saskatchewan became provinces, and the Alberta Farmers' Association was founded.
In 1906 the TGGA renamed itself the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA). In 1909 the Alberta Farmers' Association combined with the American Society of Equity, another Alberta group, to form the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA).
History
Foundation
The first local grain grower association in Manitoba was founded at Virden, Manitoba on 7 January 1903.
The Manitoba Grain Growers' Association was formed at a meeting March 3–4 in Brandon, Manitoba.
The first president was James William Scallion (1847–1926) from Virden.
In 1903 two officers of the MGGA accompanied Motherwell and J.B. Gillespie of the TGGA to Ottawa where they met with representatives of the railways and grain companies to tighten up the wording of the Manitoba Grain Act. The next text was introduced as an amendment to the act which was passed that year.
Duncan William McCuaig was president from 1904 to 1910.
For many years the former clergyman Richard Coe Henders (1853–1932) was president of the association.
The farmers were mainly Protestant, including Baptists, Lutherans, Methodists, Presbyterians and Anglicans.
Church attendance was high, and the churches served as important social institutions.
By the start of World War I (1914–18) the Social Gospel movement began to spread among organized farmers, particularly Methodists. The basic concept was that Christianity should be concerned with eradicating injustice and promoting cooperation rather than competition. In 1915 Salem Bland of Wesley College in Winnipeg addressed delegates to the MGGA convention. They supported their decision to demand taxation of unused land, and said that the co-op movement was "part of the divine plan of human brotherhood."
Grain Growers' Grain Company
The Grain Act did not solve the problems of the grading system and re-inspection machinery. On 27 January 1906 the Grain Growers' Grain Company (GGGC) was founded as a cooperative company to handle marketing of the grain, under the leadership of Edward Alexander Partridge.
The GGGC found itself engaged in a lengthy struggle with the existing grain companies over its seats on the Winnipeg Grain Exchange. It was expelled for paying patronage dividends to its member clients, then reinstated when the MGGA exerted pressure on the government of Rodmond Roblin.
The president of the MGGA, D. W. McCuaig, sued three of the exchange's members for combining to obstruct trade.
Partridge resigned as president of the GGGC at the 1907 convention, in part because the company's original cooperative structure had been modified to meet the requirements of the Grain Exchange, in part because they were not interested in running the company they had launched.
Early in 1908 Partridge convinced the Saskatchewan Grain Growers' Association (SGGA) to endorse the principle that inland grain elevators should be owned by the province and terminal elevators by the Dominion of Canada. The Manitoba association passed a resolution supporting this proposal at their convention.
In 1917 the GGGC merged with the Alberta Farmers' Co-operative Elevator Company, founded in 1913, to form the United Grain Growers (UGG), which provided grain marketing, handling and supply until 2001.
Grain Growers' Guide
The Grain Growers' Guide first appeared in 1908, edited by Partridge.
It was published by the Grain Growers' Grain Company through its subsidiary, Public Press Limited.
The Guide represented the interests of the MGGA and its sister organizations the SGGA and the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA).
Partridge thought the guide should be a militant paper, but was not supported in this view. They resigned after the first issue, and was temporarily succeeded by Roderick McKenzie, secretary of the MGGA. The next year the guide was made a weekly, and George F. Chipman was appointed associate editor.
The Guide was tightly controlled by the parent company and the associations of grain growers, who ensured that it was independent of political parties. From 1911 the editor-in-chief was George Fisher Chipman. By 1918 it was the largest farm publication on the prairies by circulation.
Politics
The Manitoba Grain Growers Association took a position in favor of women's suffrage in 1911.
In 1912 women were admitted as associate members, and in 1914 the constitution was changed to recognize women as full members.
In 1917 a women's section was organized as the United Farm Women of Manitoba.
During the January 1917 annual meeting of the MGGA there was much discussion of the question of conscription.
Chipman took the position that if there were to be conscription, wealth should be conscripted first, and this was agreed after some debate. Fred Dixon was known to support the rights on conscientious objectors, which was an unpopular position with most of the delegates, but was allowed to talk on the question of trade. The association was in favor of free trade rather than a protectionist system that would first favor Britain and their allies, next neutral countries and last the enemies of Britain.
In 1920 the Manitoba Grain Growers' Association changed its name to the United Farmers of Manitoba (UFM) in an effort to broaden its base and in preparation for becoming a political party.
The UFM began to get involved in local political contests.
In 1921 the UFM fielded candidates in the federal election.
In the provincial elections the next year the UFM won the majority of seats.
References
Sources
1903 establishments in Manitoba
1920 disestablishments in Manitoba
Agricultural organizations based in Manitoba
Economy of Manitoba
Agricultural cooperatives in Canada
Defunct organizations based in Canada
The Magnuskerk (; ) is a 16th-century church in Bellingwolde, Netherlands. The church, located at Hoofdweg 227, was built in 1527. The pulpit was installed in 1660 and the organ built in 1797. The church has been a national heritage site since 1972. It is currently used by the Protestant Church in the Netherlands.
Gallery
References
External links
1527 establishments in Europe
Bellingwolde
Churches in Groningen (province)
Protestant churches in the Netherlands
Rijksmonuments in Groningen (province)
Tor putitora, the Putitor mahseer, Himalayan mahseer, or golden mahseer, is an endangered species of cyprinid fish that is found in rapid streams, riverine pools, and lakes in the Himalayan region. Its native range is within the basins of the Indus, Ganges and Brahmaputra rivers.
It is a popular gamefish, once believed to be the largest species of mahseer, and can reach up to in length and in weight, though most caught today are far smaller. It is threatened by habitat loss, habitat degradation and overfishing, and it already has declined by more than an estimated 50%. This omnivorous species is generally found near the surface in water that ranges from .
Its caudal, pelvic, and anal fins show tint of reddish-golden colour. While the body above its lateral line is generally golden in colour at adulthood, the gold colour might be absent in young specimens.
Hamilton's original description says "The head is blunt, oval, small, and smooth". They go on to say "The mouth is small" and "the lateral line is scarcely distinguishable". However, the largest head of any mahseer species, with a large mouth and prominent lateral line stripe, are features considered to be important in the correct identification of this species. A cavefish species found in Meghalaya in India is likely derived from this species.
The Himalayan Golden Mahaseer is the National fish of Pakistan.. It is also the state fish of the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and the UT of Jammu and Kashmir.
Releases beyond native range
Recent releases of artificially bred stock have been into the Irrawaddy River basin in Nagaland, India and, through the Indo-German Biodiversity Programme releases into the Hira Bambai reservoir and small streams around Melghat Tiger Reserve, part of the Tapti River basin. The effect of releasing fish from a different river basin, well outside its native range is uncertain. That these fish are being released over a ten-year period, with as many as 10,000 in each batch, must be considered a huge threat to the native mahseer and other fish species.
According to Dr Ogale, former scientist leading the fish breeding programme for Tata Power:
"When these mature, there will be more fingerlings which will be then introduced in river Tapi".
River Tapi is a west-flowing river of the central Indian state of Maharashtra.
Most researchers believe this fish is in a population decline, hence the Red Listing status of Endangered. Some, however, have noted that Tor putitora is "quite abundant", which also raises questions about the status of ongoing stock augmentation programmes.
Notes
References
Taxa named by Francis Buchanan-Hamilton
Fish described in 1822
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Freshwater fish of China
Freshwater fish of India
Symbols of Uttarakhand
Fish of Pakistan
National symbols of Pakistan
William Irwin (born 1970) is Professor of Philosophy at King's College in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania and is best known for originating the "philosophy and popular culture" book genre with Seinfeld and Philosophy: A Book about Everything and Nothing in 1999 and The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer in 2001.
Early life
Irwin was born in 1970 and raised in Yonkers, New York. They attended Regis High School in Manhattan, a Jesuit institution, graduating in 1988. They received their B.A. in Philosophy from Fordham University in 1992 where they graduated from Phi Beta Kappa and Summa cum Laude, having attended Fordham on a full Presidential Scholarship. They later received their Ph.D. in Philosophy from the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York in 1996 at the age of 26. Irwin's dissertation, “Harmonizing Hermeneutics: The Normative and Descriptive Approaches, Interpretation and Criticism,” was awarded the Perry Prize for Outstanding Dissertations in Philosophy. Their dissertation director was Jorge J.E. Gracia. E.D. Hirsch, Jr. was their external evaluator.
Contributions to philosophy
Irwin is the author of God Is a Question, Not an Answer: Finding Common Ground in Our Uncertainty, published by Rowman & Littlefield.
The Free Market Existentialist: Capitalism without Consumerism was published by Wiley-Blackwell in 2015. Michael Shermer, the editor of Skeptic magazine, praised the book, saying “William Irwin has transcended ideology and tribalism to unite a set of ideas that, for the first time, could end the rancor between the Left and the Right by reminding each of their shared values. This book will change the thinking of everyone interested in politics, economics, or religion—a game changing work.”
Irwin's first book, Intentionalist Interpretation: A Philosophical Explanation and Defense, was nominated for the American Philosophical Association Young Scholar's Book Prize and was the subject of a special book session at the annual meeting of the Canadian Society for Hermeneutics and Postmodern Thought in May 2000.
Irwin's creative writing includes two poetry books, Both/And and Always Dao, and two novels, Free Dakota and Little Siddhartha, a sequel to Hermann Hesse's novel Siddhartha.
Irwin has published articles in scholarly journals such as Philosophy and Literature, Philosophy Today, Journal of Value Inquiry, and The Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism.
Irwin is best known for having originated the philosophy and popular culture genre of books with Seinfeld and Philosophy: A Book about Everything and Nothing in 1999 and then the popular The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer in 2001. They were editor of these books and then series editor of the Popular Culture and Philosophy Series through Open Court Publishing Company, producing titles such as Harry Potter and Philosophy: If Aristotle Ran Hogwarts, Star Wars and Philosophy: More Powerful Than You Can Possibly Imagine, Superheroes and Philosophy: Truth, Justice, and the Socratic Way, and many others. Carlin Romano from The Chronicle of Higher Education called the Popular Culture and Philosophy Series “the most serious philosophy series on the market, if some link between academic seriousness and real life still exists.” In an article in the Chronicle of Higher Education, Stephen T. Asma called William Irwin the “chief architect” of the philosophy and popular culture movement.
In 2006, Irwin left Open Court to become the General Editor of The Blackwell Philosophy and Pop Culture Series through Wiley-Blackwell. Reuters (now Thomson Reuters) reported that Irwin's books have sold more than one million copies. South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today was the first in that series, published in 2006. Metallica and Philosophy: A Crash Course in Brain Surgery followed shortly thereafter; Scott Ian from Anthrax called it “a kick-ass read.” The series also includes Black Sabbath and Philosophy: Mastering Reality published in 2012. Irwin is quoted in USA Today as claiming that "the books are about smart popular culture for smart fans.”
Irwin first theorized the philosophy and pop culture genre in their article “Philosophy as/and/of Popular Culture” in Irwin and Gracia eds. Philosophy and the Interpretation of Popular Culture (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2006), pp. 41–63. In 2010 they explained the motivation for the series and defended it against critics in an article in The Philosophers' Magazine titled “Fancy Taking a Pop?” Irwin defended the style of the books in “Writing for the Reader: A Defense of Philosophy and Popular Culture Books”.
When Irwin was with Open Court, they edited The Matrix and Philosophy: Welcome to the Desert of the Real, which Anderson Cooper referred to as an "interesting collection of thoughts on the movie and its place in the world" in an interview with Irwin. Irwin also discussed a follow-up book, More Matrix and Philosophy: Revolutions and Reloaded Decoded, in an interview with Keith Olbermann.
Irwin is the author of the first book exclusively focused on the lyrics of James Hetfield, The Meaning of Metallica: Ride the Lyrics.
Irwin has appeared as a guest on hundreds of radio shows, television shows, and podcasts. They have been interviewed by Time, The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, The Chronicle of Higher Education, USA Today, the BBC, CNN, NPR, and MSNBC, among others. In a 2010 interview with Time, Irwin said “Philosophy has had a bad rap for centuries. People mistakenly think it has nothing to do with their everyday lives, including enjoying media.” Concerning readers' reaction to the book series, Irwin told The Wall Street Journal, "I think an equal amount of people find it either too fluffy or too rigorous."
In May 2012 Irwin was named Outstanding Alumnus by the Philosophy Department at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York.  They are the first person ever to receive this award.
Along with David Kyle Johnson, Irwin writes the blog "Plato on Pop" for Psychology Today.
They also maintain the blog “It's Your Choice: The Free Market Existentialist Perspective” for Psychology Today.
Editorial activities
Series Editor, The Blackwell Philosophy and Pop Culture Series (Wiley-Blackwell)
Series Editor, Popular Culture and Philosophy (Open Court Publishing).
Bibliography
Books authored
God Is a Question, Not an Answer: Finding Common Ground in Our Uncertainty (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2019).
Little Siddhartha: A Sequel (Brunswick, Maine: Shanti Arts Publishing, 2018).
Free Dakota (Roundfire Books, 2016).
The Free Market Existentialist: Capitalism without Consumerism (Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell, 2015)
Intentionalist Interpretation: A Philosophical Explanation and Defense (Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, December 1999). Nominated for the American Philosophical Association Young Scholar's Book Prize.
Critical Thinking: A Student's Introduction (with G. Bassham, H. Nardone, and J. Wallace), ( New York : McGraw-Hill, 2001; 2nd Edition 2004; 3rd Edition 2007).
Both/And (Wilmington, NC: Wisdom/Work, 2021).
Always Dao (Brunswick, Maine: Shanti Arts Publishing, 2021).
The Meaning of Metallica: Ride the Lyrics (Toronto: ECW, 2022).
Books edited
The Philosophical Legacy of Jorge J.E. Gracia (co-edited with Robert Delfino and Jonathan J. Sanford) (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2022).
The Death and Resurrection of the Author? (Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 2002).
Philosophy and the Interpretation of Pop Culture (co-edited with Jorge J.E. Gracia) (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 2007).
Black Sabbath and Philosophy: Mastering Reality (Malden, MA: Blackwell Publishing, 2012).
Metallica and Philosophy: A Crash Course in Brain Surgery (Malden, MA: Blackwell Publishing, 2007). Translated into German, Hungarian, Italian, and Portuguese.
More Matrix and Philosophy: Revolutions and Reloaded Decoded (Chicago: Open Court, 2005).
The Matrix and Philosophy: Welcome to the Desert of the Real (Chicago: Open Court, 2002). New York Times bestseller. Translated into Japanese, Portuguese, Hungarian, Italian, Russian, Hebrew, and Turkish.
The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer (with M. Conard and A. Skoble) (Chicago: Open Court, 2001). *#2 on Amazon.com's list of Best Philosophy Books of 2001. New York Times backlist bestseller. Translated into Italian, Japanese, Korean, Turkish, German, Russian, Hebrew, and Portuguese.
Seinfeld and Philosophy: A Book about Everything and Nothing (Chicago: Open Court, 2000). Translated into Turkish, Hebrew, Serbian, Croatian, and Portuguese.
References
External links
The Blackwell Philosophy and Pop Culture Series website
The Popular Culture and Philosophy Series website
William T. Irwin's website
1970 births
American philosophers
Fordham University alumni
King's College (Pennsylvania)
Living people
People from Yonkers, New York
University at Buffalo alumni
Carenum gratiosum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
gratiosum
Beetles described in 1897
John de Northwode was an English medieval churchman and university chancellor. They were the son of John de Northwode and Agnes, daughter of William de Grandison; and nephew of John de Grandison.
From 29 November 1329 until 1330, John de Northwode was Archdeacon of Exeter in Devon, southwest England. They held the post of Archdeacon of Totnes, also in Devon, from 1338 until 1349. They were appointed Chancellor to the University of Oxford from 1345 to 1349. A commemorative brass plaque dedicated to their memory exists in the Collegiate Church of Ottery St Mary in Devon.
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
14th-century English Roman Catholic priests
Archdeacons of Exeter
Archdeacons of Totnes
Chancellors of the University of Oxford
Hotwired (1994–1999) was the first commercial online magazine, launched on October 27, 1994. Although it was part of the print magazine Wired, Hotwired carried original content.
History
Andrew Anker, Wired's then Vice President and CTO, wrote the original HotWired business plan. On its approval in April 1994, they became HotWired's first CEO, and oversaw the development of the website. Over the next five years several other sites grew out of Hotwired, most notably Wired News, Webmonkey, and the Wired search engine HotBot.
After several previous site iterations, HotWired 4.0 launched on July 1, 1997, marking the magazine's most comprehensive overhaul. The reinvention efforts were led by Executive Producer June Cohen, Executive Editor Cate Corcoran and Senior Designer Sabine Messner. The redesigned site featured Dynamic HTML homepage teasers, more focus on user-centric interaction and a simplified channel structure.
The site launched before the advent of Time Inc.'s Pathfinder.com site, and the emergence of independent web magazines such as Feed, Word, and Salon. HotWired's initial business model was 'corporate sponsorship', which quickly led to the design of the 'ad banner' display areas still in use today. The first banner ad on the internet was an AT&T ad featured on the site in 1994. The first direct marketing focused ads were sold by David Hyman to Virtual Vineyards. Under the leadership of Rex Briggs, HotWired was the first to measure the effectiveness of online advertising, and among the first to attempt behavioral targeting and the first to apply real-time web analytics, known as “HotStats.”
Wired Ventures' online division was acquired by Lycos, Inc. in October 1998, a year after Condé Nast acquired Wired Magazine. It launched "HotWired 5.0" in September as an aggregator of Wired News and an archive of old HotWired content, slashing fresh editorial content except for Suck and Webmonkey. In 2006, Lycos turned the domain into a pay-per-click advertising hub, seemingly marking the definitive end of Hotwired as an online magazine. However, in July 2006, Condé Nast acquired both Webmonkey and the Hotwired domain from Lycos, and Webmonkey was relaunched in May 2008.
Projects and sites
Projects and sites published under the Hotwired banner from 1994 to 1999 include:
Adrenaline (1994–1996)-Daily Magazine of Alternative Sports developed and edited by Caitlin Pulleyblank. Magazine linked to an Interactive database of play spots on a graphical interface [realtime surf data, climbing data located (latitude/longitude), ultimate teams, mountain bike trails, rafting locations with posted CFS data].
Animation Express (1998–2002) - Curated collection of animated short films presented in Flash, Shockwave, and QuickTime formats.
Ask Dr. Weil (1996-1997) - Steven Petrow was the founding editor of Dr. Andrew Weil's integrative medicine site.
Beta Lounge (1997–1999) - Live DJ channel
Brain Tennis (1996–1997) - Debate as a spectator's sport
Cocktail (1996–1997) - Recipes for, history of, and variations on cocktails
DaveNet (1995–1996) - Dave Winer's developer musings
Dream Jobs (1995–1998) - Inspiring people & company profiles
Geek of the Week (1997–1998) - Weekly featured member page of HotWired members around the world
HotBot (1996–Present) - Search Engine (partnered with Inktomi)
Intelligent Agent (1995) - Travel through the minds of Rudy Rucker, Randy Shilts, Joshua Quittner, and others.
Member Pages (1997–1998) - Template-based do-it-yourself homepage profiles of users
Muckraker (1995–1996) - Brock N. Meeks follows the Net from Washington, DC.
Netizen (1996–1997) - The first website to cover a presidential election, featuring daily writing from John Heilemann and Jon Katz, edited by David Weir. Where politics, digital culture, and the high-tech industry intersect;
Net Soup (1995–1996) - Listservs and newsgroup postings.
Net Surf (1997) - Events of the Net industry.
Net Surf Central (1995–1996) - An interactive database of the cool Web sites of 1996
Packet (1997–1998) - Intelligence from the technological frontier, featuring Michael Schrage, Brooke Shelby Biggs, Simson Garfinkel, Steve Silberman, and Mark Frauenfelder)
Piazza (1994–1995) - the first communication forum within HotWired, including "Threads" (conferencing system) and "Club Wired" - (a live, Telnet-based chat system customized by Laura La Gassa - hosted by Will Kreth, Susanna Camp, and David Hyman
Pop (1995–1996) - Movies, books, art, zines, and personalities, featuring John Alderman, Rob Levine, Ian Christe, and Sarah Borruso.
Renaissance 2.0 (1994–1996) - HotWired's original art and literary channel, managed by Gary Wolf with illustrations by Sabine Messner
RGB Gallery - Electronic art collection
Signal (1994–1996) - What did e-commerce, e-politics, and e-culture look like in 1995?
Suck (1995–2001) - Web and media commentary redefining the word 'sarcastic'
Synapse (1997–1998) - Colorful, interactive viewpoints on technology and culture, featuring Jon Katz
Talk.com (1996–1998) - Live chats and interviews
Test Patterns (1996) - What HotWired employees did in their spare time
The Rough Guide (1995—1998) - Online travel library in partnership with Rough Guides
Web 101 (1997–1999) - Your smart introduction to the Net.
Webmonkey (1996–2002) - Web programming tips and techniques
World Beat (1994–1995) - Travel
See also
Wired News
References
External links
Looking back at Hotwired at veen.com (history of interfaces)
Kreth, Will. Personal and Corporate Histories and Heresies. Retrieved 19 April 2005.
Hall, Justin. Justin Hall @ HotWired. Retrieved 19 April 2005.
A demo version of the HotWired site from 1995
Internet properties established in 1994
Magazines established in 1994
Magazines disestablished in 1999
Internet properties disestablished in 1999
Online magazines published in the United States
Webby Award winners
Defunct magazines published in the United States
1994 establishments in the United States
Shahr-e Kohneh () is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Stanislas-Arthur-Xavier Touchet (13 November 1842 – 23 September 1926) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Orléans from 1894 until their death, and became a cardinal in 1922.
Biography
Stanislas Touchet was born in Soliers, and studied at the Seminary of Saint-Sulpice in Paris. They were ordained to the priesthood on 13 June 1872, and then did pastoral work in the Archdiocese of Besançon until 1894.
On 18 May 1894, Touchet was appointed Bishop of Orléans by Pope Leo XIII. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 15 July from Bishop Flavien-Abel Hugonin, with Bishops Abel-Anastase Germain and Charles-Bonaventure Theuret serving as co-consecrators, in the Besançon Cathedral.
After becoming an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne on 19 June 1922, Touchet was created Cardinal Priest of Santa Maria sopra Minerva by Pope Pius XI in the consistory of 11 December of that same year. They would serve as Bishop of Orléans for a period of thirty-two years.
They died in Orléans, at the age of 77, and is buried in its Cathedral.
Some of the Books Written by Him:
La sainte de la patrie
Vie de sainte Jeanne d'Arc
Pour les Arméniens
Panégyrique de Jeanne d'Arc
Ce que fut Jeanne d'Arc
Oeuvres choisies
La mission de la vénérable Jeanne d'Ar
Aux infirmières de France
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1842 births
1926 deaths
19th-century French Roman Catholic bishops
20th-century French cardinals
Bishops of Orléans
The Battle of Haditha Dam took place in 2003. During the 2003 invasion of Iraq, United States Army Rangers seized the Haditha Dam on 1 April in order to prevent it from being destroyed. Destruction of the dam would have significantly affected the functioning of the country's electrical grid and could cause major flooding downstream from the dam.
Background
One of the largest dams in the world, the Haditha complex provided fully one-third of the Iraqi electrical grid load in 2003. Located northwest of Baghdad, the dam was built during the Cold War to provide hydroelectric power for central Iraq, including Baghdad. The Haditha Dam also controlled the flow of the Euphrates into the lower Euphrates/Tigris River Valley. During the 2003 invasion of Iraq, United States Army Rangers seized the Haditha Dam on 1 April in order to prevent it from being destroyed. The destruction of the dam would have significantly affected the functioning of the country's electrical grid and could cause major flooding downstream from the dam. Along with providing flood control and a third of Iraq's electrical generation capacity, the dam provided the only other crossing of the Euphrates River west of Baghdad. An additional bonus would be by capturing both locations the Iraqi Army would be drawn away from their defense of Baghdad, which was under assault by the US Army V Corps. However, the Iraqi high command were not ignorant of the dam's strategic value, and they had stationed a powerful defensive force in and around the Haditha Dam.
The Battle
The battle started on 24 March 2003 when Rangers from 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment, conducted a combat parachute drop onto H-1 Air Base, securing the site as a staging area for operations in the west. Delta Force recce operators drove through Iraqi lines around the Haditha Dam on customised ATVs, marking targets for Coalition airstrikes resulting in the eventual destruction of a large number of Iraqi armored vehicles and antiaircraft systems. The Delta team's reconnaissance of the dam indicated that a larger force would be needed to seize and hold it, so a request was made and approved for a second Delta squadron from Fort Bragg to be dispatched with a further Ranger battalion, along with M1A1 Abrams main battle tanks from C Company, 2nd Battalion 70th Armored Regiment. C-17s flew the tank company and Ranger battalion from Talil to H-1 and then to MSS (Mission Support Site) Grizzly, a desert strip runway established by Delta Force located between Haditha and Tikrit; C Squadron, Delta Force was flown directly to MSS Grizzly.
On 1 April, C squadron, Delta Force and 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment conducted a night-time ground assault into the target on foot and in armored vehicles against the Haditha Dam complex. Three Ranger platoons seized the dam's administrative buildings with after initially heavy opposition, while a pair of AH-6 little birds orbited overhead providing close air support to the Rangers. However, it took the Rangers many hours to clear the dam complex due to its huge size and the hundreds of rooms it contained.
Soon after daybreak, the Rangers from the 3rd Company on the western side of the dam started taking RPG fire where Staff Sergeant Ronnie Jones, a Ranger sniper killed three Iraqi soldiers equipped with RPGs. One of the Ranger's rounds went through an Iraqi soldier and into a nearby propane tank, which exploded and killed the other two members of the RPG team. Meanwhile, Rangers on the eastern side engaged a truck carrying fourteen Iraqi soldiers leading to a firefight that the Rangers won, killing at least five Iraqis. When it was over, Duncan and battalion command sergeant major Alfred Birch rescued three of the wounded Iraqis who had fallen down a steep hill while under fire. For their actions against the enemy, they both received the Silver Star.
South of the dam, a Ranger platoon secured the dam's power station and electricity transformer against sabotage. Elsewhere, another Ranger platoon established road blocks on the main road leading into the dam complex to prevent the Iraqis from recapturing that area of the dam. The road blocks came under sporadic mortar and rocket fire, resulting in the AH-6 helicopters flying multiple gun runs to silence the Iraqi mortar and rocket positions. Another mortar team, firing from a small island, was engaged and silenced by a Ranger Javelin team. The Ranger 3rd Company endured a withering barrage of Iraqi small-arms fire from a pair of buildings, which continued over the next three days, until the Rangers were forced to call in twenty airstrikes on the structures. All day on 1 April, groups of fifty to one-hundred Iraqi soldiers engaged in "human wave" style attacks on 3rd Company, only to be destroyed by the two Ranger 120 mm mortars and small arms fire, as well as U.S. Air Force airstrikes.
For the next five days, Iraqi forces continued to harass the Rangers at the dam, principally with episodic artillery and mortar fire along with several infantry counterattacks against the U.S. positions.
The HIMARS rocket system saw its first combat deployment at the dam, firing counter-battery missions. Three Rangers were killed on 3 April by a VBIED at the blocking positions as they were searching a car; the car was driven by a young pregnant Iraqi woman who seemed distressed and asking for water. Later the Rangers captured an Iraqi forward observer dressed as a civilian after sinking their kayak with .50 caliber machine gun fire, the observer had maps of all of the Rangers positions in and around the dam.
Aftermath
Since the 2003 invasion, various U.S. Marine units had been stationed at the dam, as well as a small detachment of soldiers from Azerbaijan. In 2004, the Gulf Region Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) carried out restoration works on one of the turbines to restore the dam's hydroelectric power station to full capacity. According to the Coalition Provisional Authority, the inauguration of this turbine on 3 June 2004 signified the first time since 1990 that the power station operated at full capacity.
In the same year, a new power line was established between Haditha and Baghdad with the help of the USACE to restore a line that had previously been destroyed. This new line, stretching over a distance of 223 kilometres (139 mi) with 504 towers, has a capacity of 400 kV and allows 350 MW from the Haditha Dam to be added to the national electrical grid. The cost of the line was US$56.7 million and was paid by Iraq's oil revenues.
References
Iraq War
Battles of the Iraq War in 2003
April 2003 events in Asia
The Sisters of Charity Health Service, Melbourne, was an entity that has since been reformed into St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne; the Mater Hospital, Melbourne and other health services. Their motto was "Caritas Christi urget nos (the love of Christ urges us)".
References
Organisations based in Melbourne
Fitzroy, Victoria
On August 7, 2020, Julian Edward Roosevelt Lewis, an unarmed 60-year-old Black American carpenter, was fatally shot by white Georgia State Patrol officer Jacob Gordon Thompson, on a rural road in Screven County, Georgia. Thompson attempted to stop Lewis for driving a vehicle with a broken tail light. When Lewis failed to stop, Thompson performed a PIT maneuver to force Lewis's car into a ditch and shot Lewis once in the face. On August 14, Thompson was charged with felony murder.
People involved
Lewis was a 60-year-old Black semi-retired carpenter
from Sylvania, Georgia.
Thompson, who is white, was 27 years old at the time of the shooting. They joined the Georgia State Police on July 28, 2013.
Traffic stop
According to a Georgia State Patrol (GSP) report, around 9 p.m. on Friday, August 7, 2020, Thompson attempted to stop Lewis's Nissan Sentra for a broken taillight on Stoney Pond Road near Sylvania, Georgia, in a rural part of Screven County about 60 miles northwest of Savannah.
According to a Lewis family attorney, Lewis had gone to a convenience store to buy a grape soda for their wife and was on their way home at the time.
Lewis did not stop and Thompson briefly chased Lewis down several rural roads.
Thompson forced Lewis's car to stop in a ditch using a "precision intervention technique" or "PIT maneuver".
According to Thompson's report of the incident, after Lewis's vehicle stopped, Thompson pulled up alongside and drew their handgun as they exited. Lewis revved their car's engine and Thompson activated the light on their gun. Thompson saw Lewis with both hands on the steering wheel, "wrenching the steering wheel in an aggressive back-and-forth manner towards me and my patrol vehicle." Thompson wrote that Lewis "was trying to use their vehicle to injure me" and that, "Being in fear for my life and safety, I discharged my weapon once."
According to prosecutors, Thompson fired one shot "at some point", striking Lewis in the face and killing him.
According to an attorney for Lewis's family, Thompson shot Lewis "almost immediately" after the PIT maneuver.
Thompson reported that they unsuccessfully tried to help Lewis after shooting him.
Lewis was pronounced dead at the scene.
Thompson was not injured.
According to their attorney, Lewis's family did not learn about their whereabouts or death until around 1 a.m. the next day.
Prosecution
Thompson was fired, arrested, and charged with felony murder and aggravated assault on August 14, 2020.
They were booked into Screven County Jail.
An autopsy of Lewis's body is being conducted by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation.
The case went to a grand jury and on June 28, 2021 the case was judged a “no bill” and all charges against Thompson were dropped.
Impact
A candlelight vigil was held for Lewis on August 14 in front of Sylvania City Hall with funeral services held the following day.
According to the Associated Press, Thompson "was charged amid a national outcry over racial injustice" after the recent murders of George Floyd and Ahmaud Arbery, and the killing of Rayshard Brooks at the hands of police.
Lewis's family attorney described the decision to fire and arrest Thompson only a week after Lewis's death as a surprise, which they believed was a direct result of protests surrounding the police murder of Floyd and killing of Breonna Taylor earlier in 2020.
The Georgia NAACP described the killing as "a case of racial profiling".
See also
Lists of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States
References
Further reading
GBI press release
Statement by Lewis family attorney
Statement by Georgia NAACP
https://www.savannahnow.com/story/news/2020/09/24/gbi-sylvania-man-killed-by-state-trooper-had-drugs-in-his-system/43075595/
2020 deaths
2020 controversies in the United States
2020 in Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American-related controversies
Black Lives Matter
Deaths by firearm in Georgia (U.S. state)
Deaths by person in Georgia (U.S. state)
Deaths in police custody in the United States
August 2020 events in the United States
Law enforcement controversies in the United States
Law enforcement in Georgia (U.S. state)
Screven County, Georgia
African Americans shot dead by law enforcement officers in the United States
A flame may exhibit intrinsic instabilities of several kinds when one or more of the physico-chemical balances associated with its propagation is offset. In premixed flames, the primary instability is a hydrodynamic instability — known as the Darrieus-Landau instability — which results from thermal expansion across the flame interface. In non-premixed (diffusion) flames, thermo-diffusive instabilities are predominant while the hydrodynamic instability plays a secondary role.
References
Combustion
The Industrial Affairs Committee () is a standing committee of the Icelandic parliament.
Jurisdiction
According to law № 55/1991, with later amendments, all matters relating to the following subjects are referred to the Industrial Affairs Committee:
Fishery
Agriculture
Industry
Energy
Innovation
Technical development
Employment
Members, 140th parliament
The main members have seats in the committees and attend the meetings. When they are unable to do so the substitute members temporarily take their place.
Main
Substitute
See also
List of standing committees of the Icelandic parliament
External links
Standing committees of the Icelandic parliament
"Long Red" is a song recorded by Leslie West for their first solo album Mountain (1969). They performed it with their band Mountain at Woodstock in 1969, which was later included on Live: The Road Goes Ever On (1972). West re-recorded the song for their 2013 solo album Still Climbing.
Samples
The Mountain Live version has one of the most sampled drum breaks in the history of hip hop music. The break (as well as West's banter with the audience) from the live version has been sampled in over 600 songs as of 2017.
References
1969 songs
Mountain (band) songs
Sampled drum breaks
Songs written by Felix Pappalardi
Rodrigo Rafael Vásquez Schroeder (born December 6, 1969) is a Chilean chess player holding the title of grandmaster. They were the Chilean chess champion in 1989, 1992 and 2004.
Chess career
Vásquez Schroder played for Chile in the Chess Olympiads of 1990, 1998, 2004, 2010 and 2012. They played in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 and was eliminated in the first round by Francisco Vallejo Pons.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Chilean chess players
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Frank Viola (born October 12, 1964) is an American author, speaker, and blogger on Christian topics. Their work focuses on Jesus studies and biblical narrative, with a strong emphasis on helping the poor and the oppressed.  They are most noted for their emphasis on the gospel of the kingdom, the centrality and supremacy of Jesus Christ,
and the idea that Jesus indwells all Christians and they can learn to live by their life.
Viola's early work was focused on organic church and missional church themes. Their older books advocated church life based on the spiritual principles of the New Testament, the headship of Christ, face-to-face community, and the priesthood of all believers.
Since 2009, Viola's work has been focused on Jesus studies, living by the indwelling life of Christ, God's eternal purpose, the present-day ministry of Christ, and biblical narrative.
Viola has authored over 20 books, over 900 blog articles, and over 100 podcast episodes. Their podcast, Christ is All, has been ranked #1 in Canada and #2 in the USA (respectively) in the "Christianity" section of iTunes.
Their blog, Beyond Evangelical, is regularly ranked in the top 10 of Christian blogs on the Web.
Viola and professor Leonard Sweet have written three books together, each focusing on Christology: Jesus Speaks, Jesus: A Theography and Jesus Manifesto.
Since 2012, Viola has been strongly focused on helping the poor and the oppressed. Concerning the poor, Viola has said that helping those who are in need is part of "the Magna Carta of the Church of Jesus Christ as they continue the ministry of Jesus on earth (Luke 4:18–19). Scripture, both Old Testament and New Testament, make clear that this is very much on God's heart."
Aside from being an author and speaker on Christian topics, Viola consults authors, bloggers, and writers in their craft. They lecture throughout the USA and around the world, having spoken in various locations including Canada, Ireland, South Africa, Chile, Argentina, Germany, Switzerland, and Holland.
Bibliography
Insurgence, 2018, Baker Books
Hang On, Let Go, 2021, Tyndale Momentum
ReGrace
God's Favorite Place on Earth
Revise Us Again
From Eternity to Here
Finding Organic Church
Jesus Now, 2014, David C Cook
The Day I Met Jesus with Mary DeMuth, 2015, Baker Books
Jesus Manifesto with Leonard Sweet, 2010, Thomas Nelson Inc
Jesus: A Theography with Leonard Sweet
Jesus Speaks with Leonard Sweet
Pagan Christianity with George Barna, 2008, ‎ Tyndale Momentum
Reimagining Church, 2008, David C Cook
See also
House Church
Missional
Simple church
References
External links
Frank Viola Author – Official Website
Official Blog
Podcast Archive
Living people
American evangelicals
Missional Christianity
Christian bloggers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Contenders is the debut album by the English indie rock band Easterhouse, released in 1986.
The album peaked at No. 91 on the UK Albums Chart.
Production
The album's songs were cowritten by brothers Andy and Ivor Perry; many reflect the band's support for the Revolutionary Communist Party. Contenders are Easterhouse's only album that included their original lineup.
Critical reception
Robert Christgau deemed the album "mostly uniform arena-jangle." Trouser Press thought that "the music is both melodic and muscular, lending authority to Andy's regret-tinged broadsides." The Los Angeles Times called Easterhouse "a dyed-in-the-wool guitar band [that] sports a big, messy, passionate sound that layers lots of shining guitar lines over incessant, often monochromatic rhythms." The Philadelphia Inquirer opined that the "well-intentioned English leftist Easterhouse makes unappealing propaganda with florid images ... stentorian vocals and turgid melodies."
The New York Times opined that Contenders "offers a thoughtful critique of Britain's Labor Party, charging that it sold out working peoples' interest when in power and doesn't offer a viable alternative to Thatcherism ... The music, all barbed-wire guitars and rolling rhythms, isn't as doctrinaire as the lyrics; it's frequently compelling." Spin concluded that "the band generates an atmosphere of mysticism that puts Easterhouse closer in spirit to the melancholy of Joy Division than the Revolution Rock postures of the Clash or their acolytes." The Sydney Morning Herald stated: "True, you'd hide from these serious young men at a party, but their intensity helps make this one of the most inspirational debut LPs of the year."
AllMusic wrote that "Perry's voice is buried beneath the mix; consequently, their political lyrics are not always intelligible, draining them of the power they probably had on paper." The Rolling Stone Album Guide thought that "the band's hardline leftist politics ... are about the only thing that makes them distinctive."
Track listing
References
1986 debut albums
Rough Trade Records albums
Columbia Records albums
Lutf al-Sarary is a Yemeni short story writer and journalist. Born in the countryside, they moved to Taiz as a youth. After graduation, they worked as a manager at Taiz University. Their first piece was published in 2006 in the Yemeni newspaper al-Thaqafiah. They gradually made the switch to journalism, eventually becoming cultural editor of Hadeth al-Madenah. Their first collection of short stories entitled Like Who Smokes One Cigarette in One Breath came out in 2009 and was well received by Yemeni critics.
References
Yemeni writers
Yemeni journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marisa Michelle Warrington is an English-Australian actor who played Sindi Watts on the Australian soap opera Neighbours.
Warrington as Sindi made their debut on Neighbours on a recurring basis in 2002. Sindi became a regular character in 2004, living with Susan Kennedy and dating Toadfish Rebecchi and then Stuart Parker. They were involved in a range of storylines, including stripping and later on, prostitution, when they needed to pay for an operation to restore their boyfriend Stuart Parker's sight. In 2005 they left the show when their character was committed to a psychiatric hospital because of violent tendencies. Them final scenes were screened in Australia in August of that year. In February 2017, Warrington reprised their role for one episode. They made another appearance in February 2018 and from 26 June 2018.
Warrington formed the band Lucy De Ville with fellow Neighbours actor Marcella Russo and colleague Shaun Gardener. In 2009 they had a guest role on comedy series Mark Loves Sharon and in 2011 appeared in television series Winners & Losers.
References
External links
Living people
People from Enfield, London
Australian soap opera actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carla Estrada (born Carla Patricia Estrada Guitrón on March 11, 1956 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican television producer, one of the foremost telenovela producers of Latin America.
Biography
In 2005, the Mexican government decided to place a statue of the producer in one of Mexico City's most important parks and on January, 2007 they appeared on People En Español's list of The 100 Most Influential Hispanics in the world. When aired in the United States, Estrada's telenovela Amor Real shocked the world by having higher ratings than all of the other television shows in America; placing Univision on top of American networks such as NBC and ABC.
Estrada went to the UAM in Xochimilco to study psychology. They decided not to follow that career soon after, however, and they asked to have their major changed. Given a choice of new classes they could take, they chose communications, in part because their father was a journalist and their mother an actor.
Before graduating from the UAM in 1978, Estrada had already been hired by Televisa. They made history at Televisa by becoming the first woman producer in Mexican television history, but their beginnings were humble: at first, no celebrity wanted to work with them Over the years this has changed, however, and they have produced some of Mexico's (and Latin America's) most famous soap operas, while working with such famous actors as Adamari López, Adela Noriega, Lucero, Fernando Colunga, Gabriela Roel and many more. Estrada was asked to produce soap operas for Televisa by Victor Hugo O'Farril. Them first soap opera was Pobre Juventud. Before that, they had been the producer of the teen-oriented show, Xe-Tu, where many superstars, such as Gloria Trevi, participated.
Estrada has spoken about the abuse they had to go through during the production of Pobre Juventud, both on the mental and physical aspect. According to her, they were subjected to mistreatings by their own employees, who went as far as hitting them on their legs with a cable once, because they were not used to having a woman boss.
They have often spoken about the importance of transmitting positive messages through their shows and their fascination towards love stories.
Carla Estrada is considered by many, including personal friend Cristina Saralegui, to be the greatest soap opera producer in Mexico, and their soap operas generally have wide international acceptance. One of their projects, Amor Real, was once watched by 59 percent of the Mexican audience.
Filmography
Awards & nominations
Premios TVyNovelas
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Mexican telenovela producers
Mexican television producers
Women television producers
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
People from Mexico City
Amor real
