This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Lincoln County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
Three Colonial Revival houses in Chandler were subject of the "Territorial Homes of Chandler" multiple property submission, which led to the Conklin and Johnson Houses being listed.
There are 46 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has since been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Lincoln County
Buildings and structures in Lincoln County, Oklahoma
The 3rd Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, and film comedy of 2001 and was held on 4 April 2002 at The Docks in Toronto, Ontario. The ceremony was hosted by Brent Butt. This was the first year that the ceremony was not televised, and the first year that no special awards were given.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 19 categories. Winners were picked by members of ACTRA (Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists), the Writers Guild of Canada, the Directors Guild of Canada, and the Comedy Association.
The TV series Made in Canada led with eight nominations followed by the film Last Wedding with five. Made in Canada won four Beavers, two of which went to director Henry Sarwer-Foner. Also winning two Beavers were Janet van de Graaf for best female improviser and best female TV performance in History Bites, Bob Martin for best male improviser and best writing for an episode of Made in Canada, and Rick Mercer for best male TV performance in Made in Canada and writing for This Hour has 22 Minutes.
Ceremony
The 3rd Canadian Comedy Awards ceremony was held on 4 April 2002 at The Docks in Toronto, Ontario. It was hosted by Brent Butt, the previous year's winner for best male stand-up. This was the first year the ceremony was not broadcast, due to a lack of sponsorship. As a result, the ceremony was scaled back in what journalist Leatrice Spevack described as a night of "gags over glamour".
While giving their acceptance speech for best comedic play, the base of Doug Morency's Beaver fell off. They quickly remarked, "Obviously, they're not made in Canada".
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Live
Television
Film
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
2001 awards in Canada
Dear Pyongyang is a documentary film by Zainichi Korean director Yang Yong-hi () about their family. Shot in Osaka, Japan (Yang's hometown) and Pyongyang, North Korea, the film features Korean and Japanese dialogue with subtitles. The US release has Korean and Japanese dialogue with English subtitles. In August 2006, Yang released a book in Japanese under the same title expanding on the themes they explored in the film.
Story
In the 1970s, Yang's father, an ardent communist and leader of the pro-North movement in Japan, sent their three sons from Japan to North Korea under a repatriation campaign sponsored by ethnic activist organisation and de facto North Korean embassy Chongryon. As the only daughter, Yang remained in Japan. However, as the economic situation in the North deteriorated, the brothers became increasingly dependent for survival on the care packages sent by their parents. The film shows Yang's visits to their brothers in Pyongyang, as well as conversations with their father about their ideological views and their regrets over breaking up their family.
Film festivals
Sundance Film Festival, 2006
Pusan International Film Festival, 2006
Berlin International Film Festival, 2006
Hong Kong Asian Film Festival, 2021
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070331183426/http://www.film.cheon.jp/
'Dear Pyongyang' builds bridge between life in N. Korea and outside world
2005 films
Japanese documentary films
2000s Korean-language films
2005 documentary films
Documentary films about North Korea
Films set in Japan
2000s Japanese films
Bangor railway station is a railway station in Bangor, Gwynedd, operated by Transport for Wales Rail. The station, which is east of Holyhead, is the last mainland station on the North Wales coastline between Crewe and Holyhead. It is the busiest in terms of passenger numbers in North Wales, as it serves the community around Caernarfon and further west, it is close to the Snowdonia National Park and Bangor University, and has an interchange with bus services to the various towns and villages of northern/western Gwynedd and Anglesey.
History
The station, which cost £6,960 to build (about £21million in 2015), was opened on 1 May 1848 by the Chester and Holyhead Railway. Lying between Bangor Tunnel to the east of the station, and Belmont Tunnel to the west, the station was progressively expanded into a junction station as a number of branch lines were opened:
From to (Bangor and Carnarvon Railway) (1848)
From to (Anglesey Central Railway) (1866)
From to Red Wharf Bay and (Red Wharf Bay branch line) (1909)
To Bethesda (Bethesda Branch) (1884)
The station was renamed twice under British Railways: originally Bangor, it became Bangor (Caerns); then Bangor (Gwynedd). In some timetables it was shown as Bangor for Beaumaris.
The present building on platform 1 was the main building, with a forecourt on the site of the present car park. Between 1924 and 1927 an additional loop line and platform were constructed on the site of the forecourt with a new frontage facing Deiniol Road, which is still in use as the station booking office. Ultimately there were four platforms and a small bay platform to serve the main line and branch lines.
By the 1950s there were an extensive goods yard, a five-road engine shed (on the site of the steel mill), a turntable, three-road goods shed, two signal boxes, an extra footbridge and a subway connecting platforms. There were a total of nine separate through routes from one tunnel to the other.
With the closure of the branch lines in the 1960s and 1970s, the station was reduced to just two operational platforms, with the track and platform on the pre-1920s forecourt converted back to something like its original use.
In November 2009 the Welsh Assembly Government asked Network Rail to conduct a feasibility study on reopening the line between Llangefni on Anglesey and Bangor for passenger services. Network Rail was asked to assess the track bed before publishing its report in 2010. Work to clear away 21 years of vegetation began in April 2012. It was confirmed by the Welsh Government in May 2017 that re-opening a station in Llangefni for passenger services using part of the mothballed Anglesey Central Railway line was under consideration, which would connect into the existing main line at Gaerwen.
Present day
The station presently uses two large island platforms, each served by loop lines which diverge from and rejoin the main lines in each direction. The main lines pass between the two operational platforms, and are used for passing empty stock movements, for terminated trains to lay-over awaiting their next working, and freight services, particularly the carriage of nuclear fuel flasks to and from Wylfa nuclear power station on Anglesey. At the western end of the station at the mouth of Belmont Tunnel, is a cross-over between the up main line and the down main line. Diverging from the down main line, also at the western end of the station, are four sidings; two adjacent to the most southerly platform island, and the other two enclosed within the nearby Network Rail engineering compound. Bangor signal box, which can be found at the western end of the up-direction platform, is lever-operated and controls the signals, points and user-worked level crossings as far as Abergwyngregyn to the east of Bangor, and Llanfairpwll to the west, including the single line crossing the Britannia Bridge between the Welsh mainland and Anglesey.
Facilities
The station is staffed 7 days a week (except Christmas Day and Boxing Day, when there are no train services) by both platform staff, who assist mobility-impaired passengers, dispatch the trains and provide travel advice, and booking office clerks. The platform building houses rail staff offices, passenger toilets and a waiting room, a café, and a British Transport Police station. Each platform is equipped with an electronic departure screen, and manual announcements are made over a public address system. There are three self-service ticket vending machines available for passengers to purchase or collect pre-paid tickets. Due to there being ticket purchasing facilities available 24 hours a day, passengers boarding trains here must purchase their tickets before boarding the train.
There are storage racks for bicycles available on or near both platforms.
The whole station is fully accessible for those with mobility impairments. The footbridge is accessed from both platforms by a staircase and a lift, as well as a third staircase from the station concourse area outside the booking office. The up-direction (Chester-bound) platform can also be accessed step-free via a ramp from the front car park, accessible off Station Road/Holyhead Road, and the down-direction (Holyhead-bound) platform is accessible step-free through the rear car park, located off Caernarfon Road. An accessible toilet is available on platform 1.
The station has two long stay car parks, to the front and rear of the station. 20 minutes of free parking is available in designated areas for the picking up or dropping off of passengers. The rear car park occupies part of the site of the former carriage sidings.
Free Wi-Fi is provided for waiting passengers on the platforms and the waiting room.
Many local taxi firms operate from the taxi rank located to the rear of the ticket office building, adjacent to platform 1.
Transport for Wales had committed to investing £194 million on upgrades to stations over the first 5 years of their franchise contract. Bangor station can expect to have been fully re-branded with the installation of new digital information screens and CCTV by 2024.
Services
There is a basic hourly service eastbound towards Wrexham General and via Llandudno Junction, Colwyn Bay, Rhyl, Prestatyn, Flint and Chester, with alternate services extended to Birmingham International and Cardiff Central during the daytime, as well as westbound across Anglesey to Holyhead.
This hourly service is complemented by several through services to and from London Euston and Crewe which run to/from Holyhead (except for one service per weekday). On Weekdays, there are four trains per day each way to/from London Euston, as well as an additional service from London to Bangor. There are also two trains per day each way between Crewe and Holyhead, with one of the Holyhead-bound trains starting from Birmingham New Street, as well as a northbound only service from Crewe to Holyhead, and another northbound only service originating from Crewe that terminates here. On Saturdays, there are two northbound services per day between London Euston and Holyhead, and two services from Crewe to Holyhead, with three southbound services from Holyhead to London Euston and one service from Holyhead to Crewe. These services are operated by Avanti West Coast.In addition there are several early morning & late night trains run by Transport for Wales Rail running to/from Crewe and two trains to and from Manchester Piccadilly on weekdays, and one on Saturdays to/from Manchester Airport in the current (May to December 2020) timetable.
Transport for Wales Rail services towards Cardiff are usually operated by Class 175 diesel multiple unit trains, with the exception of the Premier Service which is operated by a rake of Mark 3 coaches hauled by a Class 67 diesel locomotive. Services towards Birmingham International are usually operated by Class 158 diesel multiple unit trains, allowing them to be coupled with services off the Cambrian Coast railway line upon arrival at Shrewsbury, to provide additional capacity between Shrewsbury and Birmingham. Another train formed of Mark 3 coaches hauled by a Class 67 locomotive also forms one of the weekday services to and from Manchester Piccadilly. All Avanti West Coast services are operated by Class 221 Super Voyager diesel-electric multiple unit trains.
On Sundays the service is hourly each way from mid-morning, but running mainly between Holyhead and Crewe, with select services extended to Cardiff Central, Birmingham International and Manchester Piccadilly. Avanti West Coast provide three up-direction trains to London Euston on a Sunday, as well as one up-direction train between Crewe and Holyhead, and three down-direction services to Holyhead.
The PlusBus scheme operates from this station, where for a small additional fee, an add-on bus ticket can be purchased alongside a rail ticket allowing journeys to be made using the services of most of the major bus operators in and around the wider area. This allows easy access by public transport to Ysbyty Gwynedd as well as many of the popular local attractions, such as Bangor Pier, Penrhyn Castle, Aber Falls and Zip World in Penrhyn Quarry, Bethesda, all of which are inside the Bangor PlusBus area. Easy interchange with all local bus services is possible, with many services departing from the bus stops a very short walk away on Holyhead Road.
Future services
By December 2022, Transport for Wales plans to start & terminate its direct services to and from Manchester Airport via Manchester Piccadilly at Bangor. This will be in addition to the current service level, and will be made possible when the new hourly Llandudno-Liverpool Lime Street via the Halton Curve services commence. All Transport for Wales services serving Bangor by this time are expected to be operated by new CAF Civity diesel multiple-unit trains, except the Holyhead-Cardiff Premier Service which is expected to be operated by refurbished Mark IV coaches inherited from LNER, hauled by Class 67 locomotives.
Notes
Further reading
External links
Postcard of Bangor railway station in 1909
Railway stations in Gwynedd
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1848
Railway stations served by Avanti West Coast
Railway stations served by Transport for Wales Rail
Bangor, Gwynedd
Grade II listed buildings in Gwynedd
Grade II listed railway stations in Wales
Terrace Park, historically known as Covell Lake Park or Phillips Park, is a public park on the shores of Covell Lake in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Founded in 1916, its modern name is derived from its steep terraces. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Terrace Park and Japanese Gardens in 2015.
Layout and facilities
Terrace Park spans across and encompasses most of Covell Lake, an oxbow lake formed from a cut-off branch of the Big Sioux River. Walking and cycling paths traverse the park and encircle the lake. The most prominent landscaping feature of the park's grounds is its terraces, lined with Sioux quartzite and interspersed with staircases of the same material. These terraces drop some from the top level of the park down to the lakeshore and average about wide.
Terrace Park includes multiple picnic shelters and benches, several restroom buildings, a bandshell, playgrounds, an open-air outdoor theater, a swimming complex, tennis and basketball courts, baseball fields, and a wedding venue. Covell Lake provides fishing spots, canoeing, and kayaking. A circular veteran's memorial plaza featuring fountains, flagpoles, and star-shaped benches was added to the north end of the park in the early 2000s.
The Japanese garden on the eastern side of Covell Lake includes trees and other vegetation from Japan and the local Great Plains region. Some species featured include Black Hills spruce, honeysuckle, silverweeds, cranberries, hydrangeas, and cherry trees. The garden also features stone walls crafted of local Sioux quartzite that expand on the existing terraces, urns made of stone from the Bighorn Mountains, and decorative stones taken from a stream near Buffalo Bill's grave in Wyoming. Other decorations include wooden pergolas and pagodas, stone lanterns and archways, a stone teahouse, waterfalls, and wooden bridges over small stone-lined pools.
History
During the late 1800s, the land that became Terrace Park had belonged to Dr. Josiah L. Phillips. Born in Maine, Phillips moved to the area in 1857 and settled in Sioux Falls in 1869. In 1882, the Phillips family began construction on a three-story Second Empire style mansion built from local Sioux quartzite and brick; However, Josiah died later that year, and Harriet oversaw the house's completion the following year. As Harriet aged and their finances waned, they declared divestment on the property in 1909 following a fire that heavily damaged the mansion. By 1915, a relative, Waldo Sherman, had contacted their uncle Edwin Sherman, parks director for the City of Sioux Falls. Waldo proposed selling the former Phillips estate to the city to be turned into a public park, and Harriet agreed. The City of Sioux Falls bought the property for $15,000 in 1916, although light works did not begin until 1917. The city allocated an additional $10,000 to be used on future works. The first architectural plans were submitted by Charles Ramsdell, a Minnesotan architect who envisioned a terraced landscape, with levels cascading down to the shores of Covell Lake. Most of the outbuildings on the former estate were demolished; however, the house and barn were spared. The barn was turned into temporary horse stables for staff use but later was also demolished. The old Phillips mansion was renovated by 1920 and initially became a fixture of social life, being used by local organizations to host events and as a public mini-museum. Only years later, the house had been largely abandoned for public use and was only used for storage. By the 1950s, the house was in severe disrepair—among the most serious damages were the warped floors and collapsed roof—and the City of Sioux Falls decided saving it would be too costly. The old Phillips mansion was demolished in September 1966, leaving behind only the adjoining carriage house.
The major period of construction took place between 1922 and 1937. The first terraces were built in that first year along the south side of the park, running in a arc around a new performance stage, the Terrace Park Theater. This first structure was made of wood, and the permanent open-air Mediterranean-style fixture that still stands today was added in 1932. Although early names of the park included Covell Lake Park and Phillips Park, after the completion of the terraces, it was unanimously known as Terrace Park by 1924. Other features added during this early construction were flower gardens along the lakeshore, tennis courts, a playground, a plant nursery, and picnic benches. Municipal funds were scarce during the Great Depression but the Works Progress Administration and private organizations continued to build features at the park. The American Legion added a set of baseball diamonds. The WPA improved park drainage and added new paths and retaining walls.
A small zoo displaying local animals—including bison, coyotes, and elk—was briefly added during the 1920s, but the terrain was soon deemed insufficient for grazing so the animals were removed. However, the park still housed animals on a rolling basis, particularly during the winter months, until the Great Plains Zoo was established in nearby Sherman Park in 1963. During the 1950s up until 1963, monkeys and lions were kept over the winter in the 1884 Phillips estate carriage house, which earned the building the nickname the "Lion's Den". It still stands today and is the last remaining building from the Phillips estate era.
The Japanese garden was one of the earliest fixtures in the park. The first park caretaker Joseph Maddox, who had studied Japanese gardens that were becoming popular across the United States, drew up plans to add one to the eastern side of Terrace Park. The first ground broke on the gardens in 1928 and they were expanded through 1932, largely with the help of the Works Progress Administration. Better Homes & Gardens awarded the garden with its 1934 "More Beautiful America" award. At the outbreak of World War II, increased anti-Japanese sentiments led to vandalism to the gardens; the city attempted to rename them to the Oriental Gardens or Chinese Gardens, but neither name stuck. This combined with resources being diverted elsewhere caused the gardens to become neglected and overgrown until the 1960s, when the long-broken waterfalls and walls were repaired and some vegetation was replanted. The gardens were far from repaired, however, until a landscaping team arrived in 1986, funded by the local organization Shoto-Teien. The new improvements were carried out between 1988 and 1991 and were aided in part by labor from inmates from the South Dakota State Penitentiary. A black chain-link fence was built around the perimeter of the garden in 2004 to reduce vandalism; the previous summer, vandals had destroyed a redwood pagoda valued at $10,000.
Swimming beaches were added to the lakeside in 1931. During World War II, the nearby Army Air Force Radio Technical Training School built a concrete pool on the east side of the park, and after the war ended it was added to Terrace Park for public use; this pool was replaced by a larger complex in 1994. Ice skating events were frequently held on Covell Lake during the winter and continued on the ice rink until 1996. Paddleboats were available for rental on the lake from 1956 until the 1990s.
The historic core of Terrace Park containing the Japanese garden was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 1, 2015, for its local and architectural significance, as well as for its association with the Works Progress Administration and other New Deal programs. The city created plans to renovate the park for its 2016 centennial, adding new pathways, replacing some of the older structures, and performing maintenance on the Lion's Den. However, plans that would have removed some of the historic quartzite pathways were canceled after opposition from local community groups.
References
External links
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in South Dakota
Japanese gardens in the United States
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in South Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Sioux Falls, South Dakota
1916 establishments in South Dakota
Works Progress Administration in South Dakota
Protected areas established in 2015
Linnaea dipelta, synonym Dipelta floribunda, is a species of deciduous shrub in the family Caprifoliaceae. It is native to China.
In late spring and early summer it produces masses of white trumpet-shaped flowers with orange throats.
In cultivation it prefers alkaline soils with full sun or partial shade. As Dipelta floribunda it has received the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
External links
Flora of China
Caprifoliaceae
Els van Breda Vriesman-Commandeur (, 18 March 1941) is a Dutch sports administrator and jurist.
Els Commandeur was born in 1941 in the Dutch city of Enschede. They studied law and was a field hockey player, achieving a position in the Dutch national youth team. They have been a sports administrator since the early 1980s, best known for their positions in field hockey. They were a board member of the Royal Dutch Hockey Association (the Dutch governing body of field hockey) for 14 years (until 1994), and was a representative to the International Hockey Federation. Between 1989 and 1993 they were also board member of the Dutch Olympic Committee.
In 1987 they were appointed as the technical delegate for the female field hockey tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. They were chair of the technical commission of the Federation, and was from 1994 its secretary-general. In 2001 they were elected as president of the Federation, with an agenda for renewal of the sport. As such, they were also a representative in the International Olympic Committee and member of various IOC committees. After they lost their re-election in 2008 from Leandro Negre, they also resigned from those positions.
In 2010 van Breda Vriesman was appointed as Officer in the Order of Orange-Nassau for their work as volunteer for field hockey and sports.
Personal life
Van Breda Vriesman is married has three children. Besides field hockey, they have also cycled and played golf.
References
International Hockey Federation
Dutch female field hockey players
Dutch sports executives and administrators
International Olympic Committee members
1941 births
Living people
Poseltinib (HM71224, LY3337641) is an experimental Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It was developed by Hanmi Pharmaceutical and licensed to Eli Lilly.
Phase II clinical trials began in August 2016 in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Additional phase II trials are planned for treatment of lupus, lupus nephritis, Sjögren's syndrome, and other immunological conditions.
References
Experimental drugs
Acrylamides
Phenylpiperazines
Pyrimidines
The 1982 Saskatchewan general election was held on April 26, 1982, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Progressive Conservative Party, led by Grant Devine, defeated the New Democratic Party government of Premier Allan Blakeney, which had governed the province since the 1971 election. The Tories won over half the popular vote, and a large majority in the legislature – the first time that the party had won an outright majority, and making Devine only the second Tory premier in the province's history. The only other time that the Tories had ever led a government was after the 1929 election, when James Anderson led a coalition government of Conservatives, Progressives and independents.
The NDP vote fell to its lowest level since 1938, and the party lost 35 of its 44 seats in the legislature – the second-worst defeat of a sitting government in the province's history, behind only the Saskatchewan Liberal Party's 38-seat loss in 1944. The highest-profile casualty was Deputy Premier Roy Romanow, who was ousted by Tory challenger Jo-Ann Zazelenchuk as part of the Tories' sweep of Saskatoon.
This election included the Aboriginal People's Party, a party focused on issues affecting Saskatchewan's First Nations. The APP's best showing would be in the Cumberland district of northeast Saskatchewan, finishing third – ahead of the Liberal candidate.
Popular feelings of alienation in Saskatchewan from Ottawa reached a high point in 1982. The provincial wing of the Western Canada Concept movement won more votes than the Saskatchewan Liberal Party candidate in over a third of Saskatchewan's constituencies; in three ridings the WCC candidate captured more than 1,000 votes. The WCC would disappear by 1988 and be replaced by the Western Independence Party in the 21st century.
Results
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
!rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center|Party
!rowspan=2 align=center|Party leader
!rowspan=2|Candidates
!colspan=4 align=center|Seats
!colspan=3 align=center|Popular vote
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
|align="center"|1978
|align="center"|Dissol.
|align="center"|Elected
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|#
|align="center"|%
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|Grant Devine
|align="right"| 64
|align="right"|17
|align="right"|15
|align="right"| 55
|align="right"|+266.7%
|align="right"|289,311
|align="right"|54.07%
|align="right"|+15.99%
|align="center"|Allan Blakeney
|align="right"| 64
|align="right"|44
|align="right"|44
|align="right"| 9
|align="right"|-79.5%
|align="right"|201,390
|align="right"|37.64%
|align="right"|-10.44%
|align="center"|Ralph Goodale
|align="right"| 64
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|24,134
|align="right"|4.51%
|align="right"|-9.27%
|align="center"|Ray Bailey
|align="right"| 40
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|*
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|17,487
|align="right"|3.26%
|align="right"|*
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent
|align="right"| 8
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|21
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|-100%
|align="right"|1,607
|align="right"|0.30%
|align="right"|+0.28%
|align="center"|
|align="right"| 10
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|*
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|*
|align="right"|1,156
|align="right"|0.22%
|align="right"|*
|-
|colspan=3| Total
|align="right"| 250
|align="right"|61
|align="right"|61
|align="right"| 64
|align="right"|+4.9%
|align="right"|535,085
|align="right"|100%
|align="right"|
|-
| align="center" colspan=11|Source: Elections Saskatchewan
|-
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
1Richard Collver and Dennis Ham, MLAs of the short-lived "Unionest Party".
Percentages
Ranking
Riding results
Names in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " indicates MLAs who are not running again.
Northwest Saskatchewan
Northeast Saskatchewan
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Prog. Conservative
|Sid Dutchak
|align="right"|4,271
|align="right"|55.78%
|align="right"|+13.99
|NDP
|Jerome Hammersmith
|align="right"|3,386
|align="right"|44.22%
|align="right"|+2.32
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,657
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
West Central Saskatchewan
East Central Saskatchewan
Southwest Saskatchewan
|-
|style="width: 130px"|Prog. Conservative
|Richard Swenson
|align="right"|2,670
|align="right"|42.49%
|align="right"|-19.18
|NDP
|Betty Payne
|align="right"|1,730
|align="right"|27.53%
|align="right"|-0.93
|Liberal
|William Johnstone
|align="right"|1,703
|align="right"|27.10%
|align="right"|+23.41
|WCC
|Henry Banman
|align="right"|181
|align="right"|2.88%
|align="right"|-3.30
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,284
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
Southeast Saskatchewan
Saskatoon
Regina
|-
|style="width: 130px"|NDP
|Edwin Tchorzewski
|align="right"|5,377
|align="right"|70.97%
|align="right"|+32.46
|Prog. Conservative
|Wilma Staff
|align="right"|1,768
|align="right"|23.34%
|align="right"|-34.05
|Liberal
|Harvey Schick
|align="right"|431
|align="right"|5.69%
|align="right"|+3.76
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,576
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan: Provincial Vote Summaries
References
Further reading
Saskatchewan
1982 in Saskatchewan
April 1982 events in Canada
1982
Birth of the Beatles is a 1979 biographical film, produced by Dick Clark Productions and directed by Richard Marquand. The film was released into cinemas worldwide, except in the United States, where it was shown as a TV film on ABC. The film focuses on the early history of the Beatles. It was released nine years after the announced break-up of the Beatles themselves, and is the only Beatles biopic to be made while John Lennon was still alive. Pete Best, the Beatles' original drummer, served as a technical advisor for the production.
Plot
The film starts in 1961, when the Silver Beatles (as they were then called) consisted of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Stuart Sutcliffe. They need a drummer and a manager, and although Sutcliffe can sing, they cannot play an instrument. The only reason Stu is in the band because they are John's friend; none of the others want to play the bass guitar. They go and audition for an agent, where they meet Rory Storm and the Hurricanes, eventually becoming good friends with the Hurricanes' drummer, Ringo Starr. The agent at the audition says that if they get themselves a permanent drummer, they can have a job in Scotland, and then afterward a job in Hamburg, Germany.
The Scotland gig occurs, but is not shown onscreen. The band finds a long-term drummer in Pete Best, whose mother owns the teenagers' hangout spot The Casbah Coffee Club. They begin to prepare for the trip to Hamburg, which lasts several months; they encounter disapproval from John's girlfriend Cynthia and John's Aunt Mimi. When they reach Hamburg, they discover they are playing in the Indra Club on the Reeperbahn, Hamburg's notorious sex district. They play long, grueling hours – up to eight hours a night, seven days a week – and stay active by taking Preludin, an appetite-suppressing stimulant drug. They are living in the back of the Bambi Kino, a run-down old cinema. While in the Indra, they play loudly and wildly, eating, spitting, and drinking onstage, inviting women to dance on stage with them, etc. Things get so loud that the club is eventually shut down.
Now renamed The Beatles, the band began to perform at the bigger Kaiserkeller club, becoming a big hit among the German audience. While there, they meet up with Ringo and Rory Storm, who are also performing there, and Stu falls in love with German photographer Astrid Kirchherr. Stu and Astrid begin to have a love affair. Suddenly, in the middle of a gig, German police burst into the club and arrest George for working underage without the proper work permit. While searching for the paperwork to release George, Paul and Pete drop a candle that sets fire to the Bambi Kino, and the whole band is deported.
The downbeat Beatles struggle at home with their disapproving families, but gradually their reputation grows; they play shows that fill the concert halls. One night after a performance, Stu is attacked and badly beaten by a gang outside. Their friends rescue him, but Stu refuses to seek medical attention after being kicked in the head.
A month later, in 1962, the Beatles return to Hamburg. Stu reunites with Astrid and they cut their hair into the famous moptop haircut. The others get their hair cut in the same manner and the Beatle haircut is born. They experience the same level of success as during the first trip, but Stu, a talented painter, wants to leave the group and attend art school and marry Astrid. However, before they can accomplish their dreams, they die suddenly of a brain hemorrhage. The others find this to be emotionally shattering, and think if they only had seen a doctor, things would have turned out fine.
Back in Britain, the owner of the NEMS Records Shop, Brian Epstein, is alerted that the Beatles are causing quite a stir in Liverpool with their performances at the Cavern Club.  They are impressed with what they see and asks to be the group's manager. They accept and the Beatles have an audition for Decca Records, but are turned down. They keep searching for a record company to accept them, but are turned down time after time. They are beginning to lose all hope. Around this time, they learn that Epstein is a homosexual and that they were attacked by a Teddy boy in Liverpool because of it. However, they hold no prejudices and accept. Also, the Beatles finally get accepted by record producer George Martin, but decide to sack Pete from the group. In their place is Ringo, and now the classic foursome is complete. However, before the first show with Ringo, the fans react angrily to Pete's firing; they later become overly excited after hearing Ringo's drumming abilities and listen to "I Saw Them Standing There".
After their success, Cynthia announces to John that they are pregnant and the two decide to wed. The Beatles release their first single, "Love Me Do" and in 1963 release their first No. 1 hit single, "Please Please Me". They become the most famous group in Britain. In 1964, they are heading to America for the first time, after already encountering massive success across Europe. The film ends when the group arrives in America and performs on The Ed Sullivan Show to a mass of screaming fans, singing "I Want to Hold Your Hand".
Cast
Stephen MacKenna as John Lennon
Rod Culbertson as Paul McCartney
John Altman as George Harrison
Ray Ashcroft as Ringo Starr
Ryan Michael as Pete Best
David Nicholas Wilkinson as Stuart Sutcliffe
Brian Jameson as Brian Epstein
Wendy Morgan as Cynthia Lennon
Gary Olsen as Rory Storm
Linal Haft as Agent
Eileen Kennally as Mimi Smith
Richard Marner as Bruno Koschmider
Alyson Spiro as Astrid Kirchherr
Nigel Havers as George Martin
Gareth Forwood as Alden
Paula Jacobs as Mrs. Flemming
Soundtrack
In a loophole allowing the use of songs actually written by the Beatles themselves, every song in the film was recorded by the Beatles tribute act Rain. The guitar and vocal parts for John Lennon were performed by Eddie Lineberry, Paul McCartney by Chuck Coffey, George Harrison by Bill Connearney, and Ringo Starr by Steve Wight.
The film features many songs known for being performed by the Beatles, with some written by the band themselves, and some by other artists:
"She Loves You" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney) - opening titles version
"My Bonnie (Lies Over the Ocean)" (traditional, arr. Tony Sheridan)
"Oh Baby Doll" - performed by a different group at the Liverpool audition, not by the Beatles themselves
"Dizzy Miss Lizzy" (Larry Williams)
"Blue Suede Shoes" (Carl Perkins) - performed by Rory Storm and the Hurricanes
"I Saw Them Standing There" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney) - featuring Pete Best on drums
"Don't Bother Me" (George Harrison) - shown being performed by The Beatles in Hamburg in 1961; this is an anachronism, as George Harrison did not write the song until 1963
"Johnny B. Goode" (Chuck Berry)
"Lawdy Miss Clawdy" (Lloyd Price) - performed by Rory Storm and the Hurricanes
"Roll Over Beethoven" (Chuck Berry)
"Kansas City" (Jerry Leiber/Mike Stoller)
"Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!" (Richard Penniman)
"Shake, Rattle and Roll!" (Charles F. Calhoun)
"Ask Me Why" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"Love Me Tender" (music: George R. Poulton/lyrics: Ken Darby; however, the lyrics were officially credited to Elvis Presley and Darby's wife, Vera Matson)
"Twist and Shout" (Phil Medley/Bert Berns)
"P.S. I Love You" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"Dizzy Miss Lizzy" (Larry Williams) - reprise, a different recording featuring heavier drums and a more raw-sounding guitar
"Cry for a Shadow" (John Lennon/George Harrison)
"Please Mr. Postman" (Georgia Dobbins/William Garrett/Freddie Gorman/Brian Holland/Robert Bateman)
"Long Tall Sally" (Enotris Johnson/Robert Blackwell/Richard Penniman)
"Love Me Do" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"Rock and Roll Music" (Chuck Berry)
"I Saw Them Standing There" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney) - reprise, featuring Ringo Starr on drums; the drumming styles differ between versions for story reasons
"Please Please Me" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"Thank You Girl" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"I Want to Hold Your Hand" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney)
"She Loves You" (John Lennon/Paul McCartney) - ending titles version
Pete Best's involvement
Pete Best, the Beatles' original drummer, served as a technical advisor for the production. The film has been said to reflect Best's personal account of certain events, and shows some evidence of bias, namely implying that Best was terminated from the band because of their resentment toward Best's popularity in Liverpool at the time. In one scene, the band are referred to by John Lennon as "Peter Best and Their Sods" and makes no mention of dissatisfaction with Best's playing. George Martin, the Beatles' producer, has repeatedly stated that they were not satisfied with the calibre of Best's drumming at the band's EMI audition, and wanted the drum parts played by a studio drummer for their first single. Ringo Starr, already a friend of the group, became Best's replacement.
Reception
The film received modest ratings when it premiered on American television, and was repeated in January 1981, as a tribute to John Lennon in the weeks after their murder. It later repeated on CBS, on The CBS Late Movie during the 1980s.
See also
Backbeat – a 1994 film about the original lineup of The Beatles, dealing mainly with Stuart Sutcliffe and the band's days in Hamburg, Germany
References
External links
1979 films
1970s biographical drama films
ABC network original films
American documentary films
Films about the Beatles
Television series by Dick Clark Productions
Films directed by Richard Marquand
Films set in Liverpool
Films set in Hamburg
Films set in West Germany
Documentary films about the Beatles
1979 drama films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Kelarabad (, also Romanized as Kelārābād and Kalārābād) is a city and capital of Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. In the 2006 census, its population was 5,457, with 1,515 families.
References
Populated places in Abbasabad County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
The Battle of the Gates of Trajan (, ) was a battle between Byzantine and Bulgarian forces in the year 986.
It took place in the pass of the same name, modern Trayanovi Vrata, in Sofia Province, Bulgaria. It was the largest defeat of the Byzantines under Emperor Basil II. After the unsuccessful siege of Sofia they retreated to Thrace, but was surrounded by the Bulgarian army under the command of Samuil in the Sredna Gora mountains. The Byzantine army was annihilated and Basil themselves barely escaped.
Fifteen years after the fall and re-capture of the Bulgarian capital of Preslav, the victory at the Gates of Trajan extended the Bulgarian successes achieved since 976. Later on Tsar Samuil moved the capital from Preslav in the northeast to Ohrid in the southwest. The memory of the great victory over Basil II was preserved thirty years later in the Bitola inscription of Ivan Vladislav (1015–1018), the son of Aron.
Historical sources
In addition to the Bitola inscription where the victory of Samuil, commander of the Bulgarian army, is mentioned in summary form, several medieval historians have written accounts for the battle. Among them were Leo the Deacon who was an eyewitness and a direct participant in the campaign; John Skylitzes and two other historians George Kedrin and Joannes Zonaras who repeat the work of Skylitzes. Not only Byzantine historians wrote accounts for the battle, it was also recorded by the Melkite chronicler Yahaya of Antioch and the Armenians Stephen of Taron (also known as Asolic) and Matthew of Edessa. More details can be found in the commended sermon of Saint Photius of Thessaly.
Origins of the conflict
In 971, the Byzantine emperor John Tzimiskes forced the captured Bulgarian emperor Boris II to abdicate and move to Constantinople following the fall of the Bulgarian capital Preslav. The Byzantines had occupied only the eastern parts of Bulgaria; to the west, the four sons of the count of Sredets Nikola (David, Moses, Samuil and Aron) continued to rule western Bulgaria. They ruled the free territories in a tetrarchy residing in four separate cities in order to fight the Byzantines with higher efficiency.
The war against Bulgaria was the first major undertaking carried out by Basil II after their ascension to the throne in 976, although the Bulgarian attacks had begun in that year. One of the reasons for the ten years of inaction was the policy of one of the strongest nobles in Byzantium, Basil Lekapenos, who de facto ruled the Byzantine Empire in the first years of Basil II's reign. During that time, the main objective of the government in Constantinople was to crush the rebellion of the military commander Bardas Skleros in Asia Minor between 976 and 979.
The local Byzantine governors were left alone to cope with the Bulgarian threat but they were unable to stop the Bulgarians. The positions of the brothers Samuil and Aron (the two eldest brothers David and Moses died soon after the beginning of the great offensive in 976) were strengthened not only by the rebellion of Skleros but also the neglect of the former Byzantine Emperor John Tzimiskes towards the southwestern Bulgarian lands. After the fall of Preslav and the north-eastern areas of the Bulgarian Empire their main priority became the war against the Arabs in Syria, which gave the Bulgarians time to prepare for a long struggle from the center of the remaining parts of the Empire around the Ohrid and Prespa Lakes.
For one decade after 976 Bulgarian offensives achieved major successes. Samuil managed to liberate north-eastern Bulgaria. Between 982 and 986 the Bulgarians occupied the main city of Thessaly (in modern Greece), Larissa. The constant Bulgarian attacks forced Basil II to respond.
Siege of Serdica
In 986, Basil II led a campaign with 15,000 to 20,000 soldiers. The commanders of the eastern armies did not take part in the campaign because they were fighting with the Arabs. The Byzantines marched from Odrin via Plovdiv to reach Sredets (Sofia). According to Leo Diaconus the objective of their Emperor was to subdue the Bulgarians with one strike. After the capture of Serdica which was a strategic fortress between the northeastern and southwestern Bulgarian lands Basil II intended to continue their campaign towards Samuil's main strongholds in Bulgaria.
On their way to Serdica Basil II left a strong company under Leon Melissenos to guard the rear of the Byzantine army. When they finally reached the walls of the city, Basil II built a fortified camp and besieged the fortress. After 20 days of fruitless assaults, the Byzantine army ran short of food. Their attempts to find provision in the surrounding country were stopped by the Bulgarians who burned crops and even took the cattle of the Byzantines. In the end, the city garrison sallied out of the city, killing many enemy soldiers and burning all of the siege equipment, which the inexperienced Byzantine generals had placed too close to the city walls.
The battle
As a result of the successful Bulgarian actions the Byzantines were no longer capable of taking the city with a direct assault. They also could not exhaust the defenders with hunger because, after their supplies were cut, the Byzantines themselves had to deal with that problem. In addition, an army led by Samuil marched into the mountains at the Byzantines' rear. In the meantime, instead of securing the way for retreat, Leon Melissenos pulled back to Plovdiv. That action was an additional reason for Basil II to lift the siege. The commander of the Western armies, Kontostephanos, persuaded them that Melissenos had set off to Constantinople to take their throne.
The Byzantine army retreated from the Sofia Valley towards Ihtiman where it stopped for the night. The rumours that the Bulgarians had barred the nearby mountain routes stirred commotion among the soldiers and on the following day the retreat continued in growing disorder. When the Bulgarians under Samuil and probably Roman saw that, they rushed to the enemy camp and the retreat turned to flight. The Byzantine vanguard managed to squeeze through slopes which were not yet taken by the Bulgarian attackers. The rest of the army was surrounded by the Bulgarians. Only the elite Armenian unit from the infantry managed to break out with heavy casualties and to lead their Emperor to safety through secondary routes. Enormous numbers of Byzantine soldiers perished in the battle; the rest were captured along with the Imperial insignia.
Aftermath
The disaster of the campaign in Bulgaria in 986 was a blow to the consolidation of the monocracy of Basil II. Soon after the Battle of the Gates of Trajan, the nobility in Asia Minor, led by the general Bardas Phokas, rebelled against Basil II for three years.
According to the historian Petar Mutafchiev, after the battle Samuil was in control of the Balkans. According to some historians, the northeastern parts of the Bulgarian Empire were liberated in the years after the battle. However, according to other sources, they were liberated ten years prior to the battle, in 976. The Bulgarians firmly took the initiative and launched continuous attacks towards Thessaloniki, Edessa, and the Adriatic coast. The Serbs were also defeated and their state incorporated into Bulgaria.
See also
Medieval Bulgarian army
Byzantine army
References
Further reading
Stoimenov, D., Temporary Byzantine military administration in the Bulgarian lands 971-987/989 (Vremenna vizantiyska voenna administratsiya v balgarskite zemi 971-987/989, Временна византийска военна администрация в българските земи 971-987/989), in Yearbook of the Sofia University Magazine. Scientific Center of Slavic-Byzantine Research (GSU HCSVP), ch. 82 (2), 1988, pp. 39–65
External links
Хроника на Йоан Скилица, in: Гръцки извори за българската история, том VI, pp. 276–277, djvu format, retrieved on 19 January 2008.
Васил Златарски, История на българската държава през средните векове, Том I. История на Първото българско царство. Част II. От славянизацията на държавата до падането на Първото царство (852—1018), (изд. „Наука и изкуство“, София 1971), с. 603–642, retrieved from the site Книги за Македония on 19 November 2007.
Петър Мутафчиев, Книга за българите, Издателство на БАН, София 1987, retrieved on 4 November 2008
Войната през 986 г. – сражението при прохода Траянови врата, във: Военна история на България 681 – 1945 г., изд. Военна академия "Георги Стойков Раковски", retrieved on 19 November 2007.
Holmes, Catherine, Basil II (A.D. 976–1025), published in De Imperatoribus Romanis, An Online Encyclopedia of Roman Emperors, retrieved on 16 November 2007.
Лев Диакон, История, Книга 10, ч. 8, from the site Образование Киевской Руси, retrieved on 19 November 2007.
Яхъя Антиохийский, Летопись (Розен, В. Р., Император Василий Болгаробойца: Извлечения из летописи Яхъи Антиохийского, с. 21), retrieved from el. publ. "Yakova Krotova Library" on 19 Januaryи 2008.
Стефан Таронски (Асохик) – Всеобщая история Степаноса Таронскаго, Асохика по прозванию, Москва 1864, с. 175–177, в: Библиотека сайта "Античность и Средневековье", retrieved on 19 January 2008
980s conflicts
980s in the Byzantine Empire
10th century in Bulgaria
Battles involving the First Bulgarian Empire
Battles of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars in Thrace
Military history of Bulgaria
History of Sofia Province
Battles of Basil II
986
980s in military history
Dimitry Vladimirovich Kochenov is a professor in the Department of Legal Studies at Central European University.
Career
Before returning to CEU, Dimitry Vladimirovich was a professor at the University of Groningen. The Economist, FT, NYT, BBC, CBC, NBC, Le Monde, Rzeczpospolita and other outlets have paid attention to Dimitry's work or published their op-eds and interviews.
In their academic work, they have criticized citizenship as an unjustifiable form of apartheid, comparing it to racism, sexism, and slavery, and advocated its complete abolition. They have defended golden passport schemes and criticized attempts of the European Commission to restrict them.
Conflict of interest controversy
Following a 2019 investigation by Dutch news program Nieuwsuur into passport trade, University of Groningen conducted an investigation into Kochenov's paid consulting activities related to citizenship by investment or investment naturalisation (so-called "passport trade"), including their role with Henley & Partners and advising Malta on a law change to allow citizenship by investment.
In 2020, a University of Groningen investigation resulted in a warning, but concluded that while Kochenov failed to comply with the approval procedure for additional activities set out in the applicable regulations, they were not involved in the alleged ‘Maltese passport trade'.
Kochenov has received a mixture of criticism and support from academic colleagues on the matter of academic integrity. After the investigation, Prof. Kochenov left Groningen for the CEU.
Works
References
External links
University of Groningen faculty
Scholars of citizenship
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Docol (, ) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia. The town is located in the state of Galmudug, in the Galkayo District
References
External links
Docol
Docol
Populated places in Somalia
Cities in Somalia
Galmudug
The 2004 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ran from June through September, 2004, open to all soccer teams in the United States.
The Kansas City Wizards won the Open Cup tournament with a 1–0 golden-goal victory over the defending-champion Chicago Fire at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. Kansas City missed out on a domestic double when the Wizards lost MLS Cup 2004.
The Open Cup tournament was highlighted by A-League side Charleston Battery reaching the semifinals, one of four USL teams to beat Major League Soccer teams. The 2004 tournament was also the final edition contested using golden goal as opposed to more conventional soccer extra time.
Open Cup Bracket
Home teams listed on top of bracket
Schedule
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
First round
Eight PDL and eight USASA teams start.
Second round
Six PSL and two A-League teams enter.
Third round
Six A-League and two MLS teams enter.
Fourth round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Top scorers
See also
United States Soccer Federation
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup
Major League Soccer
United Soccer Leagues
USASA
National Premier Soccer League
2004 domestic association football cups
Cup
2004
Linnaea yunnanensis, synonym Dipelta yunnanensis, is a species of deciduous shrub belonging to the honeysuckle family Caprifoliaceae. They are native to Yunnan, China.
References
External links
Flora of China
Caprifoliaceae
Plants described in 1891
Poole Hospital (also known as Poole General Hospital) is an acute general hospital in Poole, Dorset, England. Built in 1907, it has expanded from a basic 14-bed facility into a 789-bed hospital. It is the trauma centre for east Dorset and provides specialist services such as cancer treatment for the entire county. It is managed by the University Hospitals Dorset NHS Foundation Trust. The hospital was managed by Poole Hospital NHS Foundation Trust until the merger with The Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust on 1 October 2020.
Location
Poole Hospital is situated on Longfleet Road (part of the B3068 road), just below St Mary's Church, in the Longfleet area of Poole approximately from the town centre. The hospital's maternity unit lies opposite the main building in St. Mary's Road. The hospital has an adjacent multi-story car park and a total of 307 parking spaces. It is served by several bus routes operated by More Bus and Yellow Buses.
History
In 1897, Poole's hospital was established inside a mansion house in the town centre. Known as Poole Mansion, the house had been built in 1749 by John Bastard for a prosperous local merchant but had since been bought by local wealthy landowner Ivor Guest, 1st Baron Wimborne. The hospital was named Cornelia Hospital after its benefactor, Lady Cornelia Spencer-Churchill, daughter of the 7th Duke of Marlborough and wife of Ivor Guest. In 1907, the hospital relocated to Longfleet Road to offer patients the "purer air of Longfleet" and to provide space for future expansion. The new hospital, designed by the architect Walter Andrew, cost £3,369 to construct and contained 14 beds.
During the First World War, two additional wards were built with 65 beds for the treatment of wounded servicemen. The hospital was damaged by German air-raids during the Second World War and several of the hospital buildings were rebuilt. In 1947, the Cornelia was renamed "Poole General Hospital" and following the establishment of the National Health Service (NHS) in 1948, it became an NHS hospital. During the 1950s, a new pathology department and an outpatients unit were created and in 1961; a maternity unit was built to the north of the main hospital building.
By 1960, the main hospital buildings required modernisation and work began on a new hospital. Most of the hospital was demolished and replaced with a 500-bed facility with 1,150 staff which cost £5,000,000 to build and equip. The new hospital was formally opened in a ceremony attended by Queen Elizabeth II in July 1969. Further expansion has seen bed numbers increase to 789 and staff numbers increase to some 4,300 employees.
It was announced in March 2022 that the accident and emergency department would close by late 2026 as part of the merger and consolidation of services across Poole, Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch hospitals agreed in Dorset's Clinical Services Review.
Services
Poole Hospital provides a range of district hospital care for the 270,000 residents of Poole, Purbeck and east Dorset, and is the major trauma centre for east Dorset. In 2009 the hospital treated 46,815 inpatients, 172,710 outpatients, 17,597-day-cases and 56,557 people attended the Accident & Emergency department. It also provides child health and maternity services for a catchment area which includes Bournemouth and Christchurch, and some specialist services such as neurological care and oral surgery for the entire county. Specialist palliative care is provided in a purpose built unit named Forest Holme which contains 10 beds for inpatients on the first floor and facilities for outpatients, teaching and counselling support on the ground floor.
The hospital houses the Dorset Cancer Centre which is the specialist cancer treatment centre, including comprehensive Radiotherapy services, for adults in Dorset. Child cancer treatment at Poole Hospital is carried out in partnership with the Paediatric Oncology Centre in Southampton General Hospital.
Poole Hospital's maternity unit, known as St Mary's Maternity Hospital, is the centre for high risk maternity care in east Dorset. Equipped with a 10-bed antenatal ward, it provides midwifery and obstetric care, and undertakes approximately 3,800 deliveries per year.
Performance
Poole Hospital is authorised and regulated by Monitor, the independent regulator of NHS foundation trusts. For the period 1 April 2008 to 31 March 2009, the Care Quality Commission's annual assessment gave Poole Hospital an "excellent" rating for quality of services which includes: safety of patients, waiting times and cleanliness. Based on an annual financial risk rating awarded by Monitor, the Care Quality Commission also rated the hospital's quality of financial management as "excellent".
The hospital reported a turnover of £183 million with a surplus of £3.4 million for 2008/09. However, Monitor's quarterly review for 1 January to 31 March 2010 reported that the hospital's financial risk rating had deteriorated from a rating of three to two (five reflects the lowest level of risk and one the highest). In April 2010, it was reported the hospital forecast a budget deficit of £3 million for the year and required £7 million of savings to break even by the end of the following financial year.
Poole General Hospital was named the safest hospital in the UK by the CHKS Patient Safety Awards in 2009. The award was given following an analysis of all UK hospitals which measured hygiene and cleanliness levels and rates of hospital-acquired infections such as MRSA.
Other hospitals in group
Royal Bournemouth Hospital
Christchurch Hospital, Dorset
See also
Healthcare in Dorset
List of hospitals in England
References
External links
Hospital buildings completed in 1907
Hospitals in Dorset
NHS hospitals in England
Buildings and structures in Poole
Teaching hospitals in England
Carla is an album by the bassist Steve Swallow, released on the Xtra Watt label in 1987.
Reception
AllMusic's review by Scott Yanow states: "The post-bop music is reasonably unpredictable and, although not essential, holds one's interest".
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Deep Trouble" - 6:09
"Crab Alley" - 3:46
"Fred and Ethel" - 4:55
"Read My Lips" - 4:53
"Afterglow" - 6:01
"Hold It Against Me" - 5:37
"Count the Ways" - 3:48
"Last Night" - 5:42
Personnel
Steve Swallow - bass guitar, keyboards
Larry Willis - piano
Carla Bley - organ, additional keyboards
Hiram Bullock - guitar
Victor Lewis - drums
Don Alias - percussion
Ida Kavafian - violin
Ikwhan Bae - viola
Fred Sherry - cello
References
Steve Swallow albums
1987 albums
Srei Snam District is a district of Siem Reap Province, in north western Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 26,738.
Administrative divisions
DistrictIs a district in Siem Reap Province. The district has 6 communes and 45 villages.
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Chukwuemeka "Emeka" Benjamin Onyemaechi (born 28 July 1974), is a Nigerian Commonwealth medallist judoka.
Achievements
References
1974 births
Living people
Nigerian male judoka
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Nigeria
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Nigeria
Judoka at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
20th-century Nigerian people
21st-century Nigerian people
2009 Shonan Bellmare season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Shonan Bellmare
Shonan Bellmare seasons
The Toronto radial lines were interurban lines radiating from Toronto, Ontario, Canada. All are now defunct.
Toronto and York Radial Railway acquired the following companies converting each into an operating division:
Metropolitan Street Railway (T&YRR Metropolitan Division)
Schomberg and Aurora Railway (acquired by the Metropolitan Street Railway; became T&YRR Schomberg Branch)
North Yonge Railways (a remnant of the T&YRR Metropolitan Division operated by the Toronto Transportation Commission from 1930 to 1948)
Toronto and Scarboro' Electric Railway, Light and Power Company (T&YRR Scarboro Division)
Toronto and Mimico Electric Railway and Light Company (T&YRR Mimico Division)
Toronto Suburban Railway, of which a small section of track became part of Halton County Radial Railway, a working museum
Toronto Eastern Railway, built as far as Bowmanville but never operated commercially
Gray Coach, a publicly owned interurban bus service founded in 1927, went on to provide service along many of the routes previously served by the radial railways.
See also
Hydro Electric Railways, Toronto and York Division
Interurban railways in Ontario
Defunct Ontario railways
Electric railways in Canada
The Audace-class destroyers were two guided missile destroyers built for the Italian Navy during the Cold War. An improvement of the , these ships were designed for area air defence and also had a heavy gun armament. They were fitted with contemporary American radars and sonars, but also, as the next Italian ships, all the modern weapons made by Italian industry of the time, such torpedoes, helicopters and guns. Also some indigenous radars were fitted.
Design
The design of these ships was related to the previous Impavido class, but they were meant as a decisive improvement over these older vessels. They hull was more capable to resist high sea conditions, incorporating an aft superstructure used to accommodating two AB-212 anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopters. This gave the vessels an ASW capability, with improved sonars and torpedo tubes.
The superstructures were built with aluminium alloys in two blocks with one mack (this is the combination with the funnels supporting metallic, short trees used for radar equipment) each. The distance between the two superstructure blocks was high, as both the propulsion systems were located at midships and over this, the 76 mm gun battery. The aft superstructure was dedicated to the Tartar/SM-1 missiles and hangar.
The propulsion had a two steam-turbine system powered by four Foster Wheeler boilers providing 73,000 hp, driving two shafts. It gave the vessels a speed of and endurance of at .
Armament
With this new design, in order to perform ASW tasks, the Marina Militare opted for A.184 wired torpedoes instead of the ASROC missile. Though the new weapon had limited performance (roughly 10–12 km/36 knots, 24 km/24knts) being a conventional electrical torpedo, it was one of the better models of its time and was modernized with several updates. It was also one of the first to have both ASW and AS capabilities, while in the 1970s many torpedoes were built to have one or the other capability, lacking wire-guidance or homing sonar guidance. Twelve examples were on board, just as many as the smaller light torpedoes A.244 or Mk46 models with triple ILAS-3 launchers. A.244 had better shallow-waters capabilities, but they were limited in performances to Mk.44 level. Mk.46 torpedoes were better suited to attack depth and fast targets.
The gunnery armament consisted of 6 guns of new generation, fully automatic and with high rate of fire: two Compact, 127mm guns (foredeck) in single mounts, capable of firing at least 40 shells/minute, while (in substitution of unsatisfactory Model MM guns) new 76mm Compact were placed mid-ship. Together with the 127 mm and the main air-defence system (Tartar/SM-1), all this weaponry made possible an effective air defence, both long range and close-in.
Helicopters
Aft there was the hangar for two AB212ASW, medium helicopters modified by Agusta to perform naval roles, such as anti-submarine tasks, search and rescue, anti-ship search and attack (with small AS-12 missiles). These helicopters were large, comparable to the Westland Lynx, and so, the hangar left limited space to the SM-1/Tartar depots for the Mk 13 launcher. The helicopters were second in importance only to the SM-1 missile systems, because torpedoes and guns were mainly useful for close defence of the ship. The Audaces were meant to carry an effective area-defence surface-to-air missile and helicopters, while guns and torpedoes were short range defence systems.
Electronics
The Audaces were equipped with several electronic systems. They had an SPS-52 3-D radar, in the aft 'mack', a US model that monitored the airspace measuring also altitude, up to ; and a RAN20S, 2-D radar on the fore mack, an Italian model coupled with the other long range radar. The combination of two radars, one 3-D and the other 2-D was normal for a ship equipped with the Standard missile. The destroyers also had a single SPQ-2 radar for low-altitude air and surface search, and a 3M20 navigation radar placed in the fore mack. Both served for surface and low level aircraft detection.
For fire control the vessels were mounted with two SPG-51 illumination radars for the SM-1/Tartar placed in the aft superstructure, three RTN-10x employed for gun control, one over the turrion, the other two midship in the aft superstructure to serve the 76 mm guns.
For anti-submarine warfare they had a CWE610 hull sonar mounted. For ship defence, a pair of SCLAR rocket launcher for decoys were fitted. They were also capable to fire They rocket if necessary. They had several others systems, for ECM and communications and a SADOC-1 combat and communication system, similar to NTDS.
Despite the improvements in anti-aircraft warfare and in the ASW capability, there were still limitation and shortcomings in this new vessel design.
The weaponry lacked a specific anti-ship missiles system, except the AS-12. Within short range, however, there were many systems able to engage naval targets: A.184, two 127mm and four 76mm guns, the Tartar/SM-1MR missiles in their second role (like many naval SAMs). There was not a real CIWS system on board, relating only to the massive firepower of artilleries, but at aft ship none of them can fire, so despite so many guns, there were still blind spots in the defence at low altitudes, covered (in the aft sector) only by Tartar/SM-1, not meant as anti-missile system.
Modernisation
In 1988–1989 they underwent extensive modernisations: it included the replacement of one 127 mm gun turrets and also the A.184 torpedoes with new weapons: a Teseo SSM system (midship, between the 76mm guns) and an eight-cell Albatros Aspide SAM launcher (directly replacing the 127mm turret). The four 76/62 mm guns remained, but the Compact model was replaced by 76/62 Super Rapido (120 rpm, meant especially for anti-ship missile defence). The Tartar SAM complex was replaced by the RIM-66 Standard Missile SM-1 system. So, with this new systems, these ships were able to cope with all the requirements: thanks to the Superapido and Albatross they had a much improved close-defence, especially against missiles, while OTOMAT allowed a long range, anti-ship capability, together with AB-212 for targeting over the horizon. All this helped to bring these ships almost to the same level of the new de La Penne class, in 1991 still under construction, with even more weaponry (1 Super Rapido gun).
What remained unsolved was the lack of a VDS (variable depth sonar), the construction vulnerability, with the tall superstructures made in aluminium (and so vulnerable to fire), the excessive amount of weapons and explosives in the small hull (especially in the aft superstructure, that in concentrated both hangar and SAM depots), some spartan solution for hosting the crew of 380, and the lack of an aft close-defence weapon: 6 were available at flanks and foredeck but the four Super-Rapido were placed at mid-ship, unable to fire directly both forward and behind. Also, the engine was of an outdated model, potentially dangerous and slow to operate from start. All these ships suffered from the age and the intense sea service, so their operational life was almost expired at the end of the 20th century, and only the delays of Horizon program allowed them to stay in service for several years longer than expected.
Ships
Both of the units were based at La Spezia and took part in many missions, such as the Lebanon crisis in 1982, and Gulf crisis in 1990–91. They were both retired in 2006.
References
Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1947–1995
Page from Globalsecurity
Po, Enrico, i caccia de La Penne, Rivista italiana Difesa (RID) n.6/93.
Armi da guerra enciclopedia, pag 863, De Agostini publisher, 1984. This was the Italian edition of War Machines, Limited aerospace publishing, London.
External links
Destroyers of the Italian Navy
The 1995 Michigan State Spartans football team competed on behalf of Michigan State University as member of the Big Ten Conference during the 1995 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by first-year head coach Nick Saban, the Spartans compiled an overall record of 6–5–1 with a mark of 4–3–1 in conference play, placing fifth in Big Ten. Michigan State was invited to the Independence Bowl, where the lost on December 29 to LSU. The team played home games at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, Michigan.
Schedule
Roster
Game summaries
Nebraska
Louisville
Purdue
Boston College
Iowa
Illinois
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Michigan
Indiana
Penn State
1995 Independence Bowl
1996 NFL Draft
The following players were selected in the 1996 NFL Draft.
References
Michigan State
Michigan State Spartans football seasons
Michigan State Spartans football
Maryland is a 1940 American drama film directed by Henry King. It stars Walter Brennan and Fay Bainter.
Plot
After their husband dies, wealthy Charlotte Danfield sells off their entire stable of horses, and forbids son Lee to ride again.
They remain close to trainer William Stewart, though, and upon returning from Europe, where they have been sent to school, Lee decides to ride William's horse Cavalier in the Maryland Cup over their mother's objections.
Cast
Walter Brennan as William Stewart
Fay Bainter as Charlotte Danfield
Brenda Joyce as Linda
John Payne as Lee Danfield
Charles Ruggles as Dick Piper
Hattie McDaniel as Aunt Carrie
Marjorie Weaver as Georgie Tomlin
Sidney Blackmer as Spencer Danfield
Ben Carter as Shadrach
Ernest Whitman as Dogface
Paul Harvey as Buckman
Spencer Charters as Judge
References
External links
1940 films
1940 drama films
20th Century Fox films
American drama films
Films directed by Henry King
Films set in Maryland
American horse racing films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Scientific experiments often consist of comparing two or more sets of data.
This data is described as unpaired or independent when the sets of data arise from separate individuals or paired when it arises from the same individual at different points in time. For example one clinical trial might involve measuring the blood pressure from one group of patients who were given a medicine and the blood pressure from another group not given it. This would be unpaired data. Another clinical trial might record the blood pressure in the same group of patients before and after giving the medicine. In this case the data is "paired" as it is likely the blood pressure after giving the medicine will be related to the blood pressure of that patient before the medicine was given.
The statistical tests used to compare sets of data have been designed for data that is either paired or unpaired and it is important to use the correct test to prevent erroneous results.
Examples of tests for unpaired data:
Pearson's Chi-squared test
Fisher's Exact Test
Examples of tests suitable for paired data:
McNemar's Test
See also
Paired difference test
Notes
Statistical tests
Robert Carlo Larsen (21 June 1898 – 14 September 1981) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. They were born in Hjørring. In 1924 they were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the heavyweight class after losing their fight to Henk de Best.
Larson also fight Legendary German boxer Max Schmeling, losing by TKO in the 3rd round.
References
External links
profile
1898 births
1981 deaths
Heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Denmark
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Danish male boxers
People from Hjørring
Sportspeople from the North Jutland Region
Khustup () is a mountain located in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia, to the south of Kapan. The height of the mountain is 3,206 meters. The source of the Vachagan River is located at the northern edge of Mount Khustup.
The Armenian national hero and military leader Garegin Nzhdeh is buried on the slopes of Mount Khustup.
References
Mountains of Armenia
Geography of Syunik Province
The New York Titans were a professional lacrosse team based in the New York metropolitan area. The team was a member of the Eastern Division of the National Lacrosse League from 2006 to 2009. On August 11, 2009, the National Lacrosse League confirmed that the franchise would relocate to Orlando, Florida and become the Orlando Titans.
In their three seasons in the NLL, the Titans alternated their home games between several sporting venues. During the 2007 season, the Titans played four of their eight home games at Madison Square Garden, and the other four at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum. For the 2008 season, the team played all of its home games at Madison Square Garden, while playing one game at a neutral site at the Sovereign Bank Arena in Trenton, NJ. In 2009, the Titans' home schedule consisted of two games at the Garden, five games at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey and one game at the BankAtlantic Center in Florida.
History
In 2006, the NLL announced the league's expansion into the New York and Chicago markets with New York's ownership group being composed of principal owner Gary Rosenbach and including William E. Ford, Mark H. Ford, Nick Leone, Flip Huffard and Richard Ullmann. The announcement marked the return of the NLL to the New York after the demise of the New York Saints. On September 13, 2006, following an online poll, the franchise was dubbed the New York Titans. The Titans home games would be played at Madison Square Garden and Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
Inaugural season
On January 6, 2007, the Titans played their first franchise game against their fellow expansion team Shamrox in Chicago, Illinois. Gewas Schindler scored the first goal in the team's history; however, the Shamrox defeated the Titans 15–12. Following a two-game losing streak, the Titans defeated the Shamrox 11–9 for their first franchise and home victory. The game also marked the first lacrosse game to be played in Madison Square Garden's history. The team completed the season in last place with a 4-12 record. Following the 2006–2007 season, Daniel resigned as Team President and Governor and Timothy Kelly was named the team's new Chief Operating Officer.
2008 season
After opening the 2008 season with a 1-4 record, the Titans rebounded and ended the season with a 10-6 record. The team finished in a four-way tie for the best record in the league with Buffalo, Minnesota, and Philadelphia. Due to the NLL's tiebreaker rules and procedures, the Titans finished third in the division and league standings, but secured their first playoff berth in franchise history. The Titans advanced to the NLL Eastern Division Final, defeating the Minnesota Swarm 11-8, however, lost 19-12 to eventual Champion's Cup-winners the Buffalo Bandits.
Following the season, head coach Adam Mueller was awarded the Les Bartley Award for coach of the year. Mueller soon after announced their retirement from coaching, and former Rochester Knighthawks coach Ed Comeau was hired as the head coach for the 2009 season.
2009 championship runners-up
With new head coach Ed Comeau, the Titans finished on top of the Eastern Division standings with a 10-6 record. They would later defeat the Rochester Knighthawks and returning Champion Cup winners the Buffalo Bandits to advance to the Champion's Cup, The Titans lost 12-10 to the Calgary Roughnecks in the championship game.
All-time record
Awards & honors
Playoff results
Attendance
A - Madison Square Garden, NY. Capacity: 18,200
B - Nassau Coliseum, NY. Capacity: 16,234
C - Sovereign Bank Arena, NJ. Capacity: 8,100
D - Prudential Center, NJ. Capacity: 17,625
E - Sold. Game sold to another team.
F - Promotion game. Played out of the tri-state area.
Draft history
NLL Entry Draft
First Round Selections
2006: Brendan Mundorf (11th overall)
2007: Jordan Hall (1st overall), Mitch Belisle (13th overall)
2008: None
See also
New York Titans seasons
Orlando Titans
References
Defunct National Lacrosse League teams
Lacrosse teams in New York (state)
Sports in Long Island
Lacrosse clubs established in 2006
Sport clubs disestablished in 2009
2006 establishments in New York (state)
2009 disestablishments in New York (state)
Komyshivka () is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 23.57%
Russian 75.36%
Belarusian 0.54%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Claude Marin de la Perrière (1705 – before September 28, 1752) was a Canadian fur trader.
The son of Charles-Paul Marin de la Malgue and Louise Lamy, they were baptized in Montreal. Marin de La Perrière was involved in the fur trade by 1727. In 1733, they were based at a post near the mouth of the Nipigon River. From 1738 to 1741, they were operating at the Michipicoten, Ontario trading post in partnership with their cousin Louis-Césaire Dagneau Douville de Quindre. In 1737, they married Marie-Madeleine Regnard Duplessis, the daughter of Nicolas Antoine Coulon de Villiers. In 1741, Marin de la Perrière and de Quindre moved their operations to Fort St. Joseph. In 1747, they relocated to Michilimackinac; de Quindre moved to Detroit two years later.
Marin de la Perrière died in the middle of 1752.
References
1705 births
1752 deaths
Canadian fur traders
Adam Stark (1784–1867) was a printer, bookseller and antiquary, who worked for most of their life in Gainsborough. Their father was probably the notable Edinburgh architect William Stark.
Life
Stark was born in Edinburgh on 24 February 1784. In 1804, in partnership with their cousin, John Stark, they became a printer, but the partnership was dissolved in 1810. In conjunction with J. Richardson they published the Hull and Lincoln Chronicle for some time; it afterwards was known as the Lincoln and Hull Chronicle. By 1810 they had moved to Lincoln when they published their The History of Lincoln
In 1810 they became a bookseller at Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, and continued that business until their retirement in 1844.
They died at Gainsborough on 31 December 1867, having married, first, Ann Trotter of Lincoln; secondly, Harriet, daughter of Henry Mozley of Gainsborough, and sister of Anne Mozley, James Bowling Mozley, and of Thomas Mozley; and, thirdly, Sarah Wooton of Newington, Kent.
Works
Stark was the author of:
The History and Antiquities of Gainsborough, with a Topographical and Descriptive Account of Stow, 1817; another edit. 1841.
An Account of the Parish of Lea, Lincolnshire, 1841.
The Visitors' Pocket Guide to Gainsborough and its Neighbourhood, 1849.
History of the Bishopric of Lincoln, 1852.
Printing: its Antecedents, Origin, History, and Results, 1855.
References
Further Information
English J.S. (1992), Adam Stark, Charles Moor, and Other Historians of Gainsborough in Sturman C. (ed) Some Historians of Lincolnshire, Occasional Papers in Lincolnshire History and Archaeology, No 9. pp82–87.
Attribution
19th-century Scottish writers
1864 deaths
Lincolnshire Antiquary
Scottish antiquarians
Publishers (people) from Edinburgh
1784 births
Writers from Edinburgh
Ardis Fagerholm, (born 8 March 1971), is a Dominican-Swedish pop singer.
Biography
At the age of thirteen Ardis moved from the West Indian island Dominica to settle down in Sweden. Growing up on Motown and gospel-influenced American music, Ardis started writing songs and lyrics.
In 1991, the American singer/arranger, Jon Berger, teamed with Ardis' to record their first demo.
In 1992, Stockholm Records signed Ardis kicking their musical career into high gear. A collaboration with producer Anders Hansson which resulted in the debut album Love Addict in 1994. The Swedish audience first got acquainted with Ardis after the release of their version of the classic "Ain't Nobody's Business". However, Ardis' big break was "Shotgun", a song which was chosen as the theme on the soundtrack to the Swedish film Vendetta. "Shotgun" became Ardis' second hit single and their break through in the charts.
The album Love Addict was released at the end of 1994. All songs on the album were written by Ardis, with the exception of "Ain't Nobody's Business". The album went gold shortly after its release and Ardis was nominated for a Grammis, the Swedish equivalent of the Grammy Awards. A tour started in late '94 and continued in to '95. The extensive tour gave audiences the opportunity to get familiar with the stage personality of Ardis, a personality that caught the fascination of the Swedish media. Them vibrant live performances and quiet lifestyle became fuel for further interest and mystique around Ardis.
In September 1996, Ardis released a single, "Dirty", taken from the album Woman, which was released in October. Every song on Woman has Ardis' signature on the songwriting credit. The production work is, as on Love Addict, done by Anders Hansson. However, this time no less than four producers were involved. About Woman, Ardis said that "The songs are more varied and connected".
In 1998, Ardis released a single "No Man's Land" which was a soundtrack to the film Hamilton. After that film track, they withdrew from the public eye and only appeared as a guest vocalist on Commonly Unique with The Real Group in 2000 and Merit Hemmingsons album En Plats I Skogen in 2002.
Albums
Love Addict 1994
Woman 1996
References
External links
Fortune City
1971 births
Living people
Swedish pop singers
Dominica emigrants to Sweden
21st-century Swedish singers
21st-century Swedish women singers
English-language singers from Sweden
Galateo: The Rules of Polite Behavior (Il Galateo, overo de' costumi) by Florentine Giovanni Della Casa (1503–56) was published in Venice in 1558. A guide to what one should do and avoid in ordinary social life, this courtesy book of the Renaissance explores subjects such as dress, table manners, and conversation. It became so popular that the title, which refers to the name of one of the author's distinguished friends, entered into the Italian language as a general term for social etiquette.
Della Casa did not live to see their manuscript's widespread and lasting success, which arrived shortly after its publication. It was translated into French (1562), English (1576), Latin (1580), Spanish (1585), and German (1587), and has been read and studied in every generation. Della Casa's work set the foundation for modern etiquette writers and authorities on manners, such as “Miss Manners” Judith Martin, Amy Vanderbilt, and Emily Post.
Context
In the twentieth century, scholars usually situated Galateo among the courtesy books and conduct manuals that were very popular during the Renaissance. In addition to Castiglione's celebrated Courtier, other important Italian treatises and dialogues include Alessandro Piccolomini's Moral institutione (1560), Luigi Cornaro's Treatise on the Sober Life (1558-1565), and Stefano Guazzo's Art of Civil Conversation (1579).
In recent years, attention has turned to the humor and dramatic flair of Della Casa's book. It has been argued that the style sheds light on Shakespeare's comedies. When it first appeared in English translation by Robert Peterson in 1575, it would have been available in book stalls in Shakespeare's London. Stephen Greenblatt, author of Will in the World, writes, "To understand the culture out of which Shakespeare is writing, it helps to read Renaissance courtesy manuals like Baldassare Castiglione's famous Book of the Courtier (1528) or, still better, Giovanni della Casa's Galateo or, The Rules of Polite Behavior (1558, available in a delightful new translation by M.F. Rusnak). It is fine for gentlemen and ladies to make jokes, della Casa writes, for everyone likes people who are funny, and a genuine witticism produces “joy, laughter, and a kind of astonishment.” But mockery has its risks. It is perilously easy to cross a social and moral line of no return."
Distinguished historians argue that Galateo should be read in the context of international European politics, and some contend that the work expresses an attempt to distinguish Italian excellence. “During the half-century when Italy fell prey to foreign invasion (1494-1559) and was overrun by French, Spanish and German armies, the Italian ruling classes were battered by - as they often envisaged them - "barbarians". In their humiliation and laboured responses, Italian writers took to reflecting on ideals, such as the ideal literary language, the ideal cardinal, ideal building types, and the ideal general or field commander. But in delineating the rules of conduct, dress and conversation for the perfect gentleman, they were saying, in effect, "We are the ones who know how to cut the best figure in Europe".
A skilled writer in Latin, Della Casa followed Erasmus in presenting a harmonious and simple morality based on Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics and notion of the mean, as well as other classical sources. Their treatise also reveals an obsession with graceful conduct and self-fashioning during the time of Michelangelo and Titian: “A man must not be content with doing good things, but they must also study to do them gracefully. Grace is nothing other than that luster which shines from the appropriateness of things that are suitably ordered and well arranged one with the other and together.” The work has been edited in this light by such distinguished Italian scholars as Stefano Prandi, Emanuela Scarpa, and Giorgio Manganelli.
The work may be read in the context of what Norbert Elias called the “civilizing process.” It is generally agreed that, given the popularity and impact of Galateo, the cultural elite of the Italian Renaissance taught Europe how to behave. Giulio Ferroni argues that Della Casa “proposes a closed and oppressive conformity, made of caution and hypocrisy, hostile to every manifestation of liberty and originality.” Others contend, on the contrary, that the work represents ambivalence, self-control, and a modern understanding of the individual in a society based on civility, intercultural competence and social networking.
Content
Della Casa addresses gentlemanly citizens who wish to convey a winning and attractive image. With a casual style and dry humor, they write about everyday concerns, from posture to telling jokes to table manners. “Our manners are attractive when we regard others' pleasure and not our own delight,” Della Casa writes.
Unlike Baldassare Castiglione's The Book of the Courtier, the rules of polite behavior in Galateo are not directed to ideal men in a Renaissance court. Instead, Della Casa observes the ordinary habits of people who do not realize that clipping one's nails in public is bad. “One should not annoy others with such stuff as dreams, especially since most dreams are by and large idiotic,” they advise.
Valentina D'Urso, Professor of Psychology and author of Le Buone Maniere, writes, “The founding father of this literary genre, [Galateo] is an extraordinary read, lively and passionate. One doesn't know whether to admire more its rich style or the wisdom of the practical words of advice.”
Language and Style
The work was preceded by a short treatise on the same subject in Latin, De officiis inter tenuiores et potentiores amicos (1546). Latin at the time was the language of learned society, and Della Casa was a first-rate classicist and public speaker. The treatise opens with a Latinate conciossiacosaché, which gained Galateo a reputation for being pedantic and labored. However, Giuseppe Baretti and poets such as Giacomo Leopardi ranked Della Casa alongside Machiavelli as a master of Italian prose style. "Una delle prose più eleganti e più attiche del secolo decimosesto," (one of the most elegant and Attic prose works of the sixteenth century) Leopardi said. Della Casa's Galateo is, in the words of scholar E. H. Wilkins, “still valuable…for the pleasant ease with which most of it is written, and for its common sense, its plentiful humor, and its general amenity.”
Della Casa frequently alludes to Dante and more often to Boccaccio, whose Decameron they evidently knew very well and whose style they imitate. Several comments on language in Galateo reflect the Tuscan language model proposed about the same time by Della Casa's friend Pietro Bembo.
Summary of Galateo
In the first chapter it is said that a gentleman should be at all times courteous, pleasant, and in manners beautiful. Although good manners may not appear as important as liberality, constancy, or magnanimity, they are nonetheless a virtue for achieving the esteem of others.
One must not mention, do, or think anything that invokes images in the mind that are dirty or disreputable. One should not reveal by one's gestures that said person has just returned from the bathroom, do not blow one's nose and look into the handkerchief, avoid spitting and yawning.
Della Casa tells their reader that outward appearance is very important, so clothes must be tailored and conform to prevailing custom, reflecting one's social status.
In Chapter 7, Della Casa deals with a pivotal subject - conversation. Della Casa says to talk about topics of interest to all present and show respect to everyone, avoiding anything that is base or petty.
Chapter 14 discusses being in places with other people, starting with types of ceremonies, false flatteries, and fawning behavior. Another matter is whether the ceremonies are made to us: never refuse because it could be taken as a sign of arrogance.
Della Casa returns to illustrate the customs of conversation and public speaking. Language should, as much as possible, be "orderly and well-expressed" so that the listener is able to understand what the speaker intends. In addition to the clarity of the words used, it is also important that they sound pleasant. Before talking about any topic, it is good to have thought it out. It is not polite to interrupt someone while talking, nor to help them find their words.
In the last three chapters, the author writes about behaviour in general: actions should be appropriate and done with grace. A gentleman should never run, or walk too slowly. Della Casa brings us to behavior at the table, such as not scratching, not eating like a pig, not using a toothpick or sharing food. In Della Casa's vision, slight slips of decorum become taboo.
Publication history and reception
It was probably first drafted during their stay at the Abbey of Saint Eustace at Nervesa, near Treviso, between 1551 and 1555. Galateo was first published in Venice, and was edited by Erasmus Gemini in 1558. The first separate publication appeared in Milan a year later.
The Vatican manuscript (formerly Parraciani Ricci), in Latin with autograph corrections, was edited and published by Gennaro Barbarisi in 1990. The manuscript contains neither the title nor the division into chapters. Many variants in the first edition are attributed to Erasmus Gemini.
The Spanish Galateo of Lucas Gracián Dantisco was very influential in the seventeenth century. In the Enlightenment, the letters of Lord Chesterfield show the influence of Galateo, as does a self-help manuscript of George Washington. The first American edition was published in Baltimore in 1811, with a short appendix on how to slice and serve meats.
Editions and Translations
Giovanni Della Casa, Galateo overo de' costumi, a cura di Emanuela Scarpa, Franco Cosimo Panini Editore, Modena 1990 (based on the 1558 edition)
Giovanni Della Casa, Galateo, Galatheo, ò vero de' costumi, a cura di Gennaro Barbarisi, Marsilio, Venezia 1991 (based on the manuscript)
Giovanni Della Casa, Galateo: A Renaissance Treatise on Manners. Translated by Konrad Eisenbichler, Kenneth R. Bartlett. Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies, 1986, 2009.
Giovanni Della Casa, Galateo: The Rules of Polite Behavior. Edited and Translated by M. F. Rusnak. University of Chicago Press, 2013.
Notes
References
External links
Digitized book in English
Folger Shakespeare Library's Edition of Galateo
Complete etext Liber Liber
Italian books
Italian literature
Renaissance literature
1558 books
Etiquette
Julius Perathoner (Dietenheim (Bruneck), February 28, 1849 – Bolzano, April 17, 1926) was an Austro-Hungarian politician who became an Italian citizen after the Treaty of Saint-Germain. They were one of the most important exponents of the Liberal Party in Tyrol and the last mayor of German ethnicity of the City of Bolzano from 1895 to 1922. On October 3, 1922 the democratically elected Perathoner was forcibly deposed as mayor during the March on Bozen/Bolzano from Italian fascists and replaced by a fascist functionary.
Political views
They were the last German-speaking mayor of the capital of the current South Tyrol. Despite theirs being a German Nationalist they were a staunch opponent of fascism. In addition to theirs being a mayor of Bolzano they also are a member of the Imperial Parliament in Vienna from 1901 to 1911 and at the Diet of Innsbruck from 1902 to 1907. The movement they were the head of was committed to a modernization of the country by the way of division the State from the Church, unlike the conservative party (the Tiroler Volkspartei, TVP)program, which was very strong in the countryside. Perathoner being one of the major adherer of the Tyrolean pangermanist movement joined the Volksbund, an organization which was founded in 1905, the extremist Wilhelm Rohmeder was among its members.
Perathoner was also a supporter of the Germanization of the Ladins. They proposed to detach the Val di Fassa and the Ampezzano from the districts of the Italian Tyrol, namely the Trentino, and to join them instead to the German-speaking district of Bolzano.
References
People from Bruneck
Mayors of Bolzano
1849 births
1926 deaths
This is a list of the reptiles found in Portugal.
Turtles
Family: Cheloniidae
Green sea turtle (Chelonia mydas)
Hawksbill sea turtle (Eretmochelys imbricata)
Kemp's ridley sea turtle (Lepidochelys kempii)
Loggerhead sea turtle (Caretta caretta)
Family: Dermochelyidae
Leatherback sea turtle (Dermochelys coriacea)
Family: Emydinae
European pond turtle (Emys orbicularis)
Red-eared slider (Trachemys scripta)
Family: Geoemydidae
Mediterranean pond turtle (Mauremys leprosa)
Amphisbaenians (worm lizards)
Blanus cinereus
Blanus mariae
Lizards
Family: Anguidae
Slowworm (Anguis fragilis)
Family: Chamaeleonidae
Gemeines chameleon (Chamaeleo chamaeleon)
Family: Gekkonidae
House gecko (Hemidactylus mabouia)
Mediterranean house gecko (Hemidactylus turcicus)
Moorish gecko (Tarentola mauritanica)
Family: Lacertidae
Algerian psammodromus (Psammodromus algirus)
Andalusian wall lizard (Podarcis vaucheri)
Bocage's wall lizard (Podarcis bocagei)
Carbonell's wall lizard (Podarcis carbonelli)
Iberian emerald lizard (Lacerta schreiberi)
Iberian mountain lizard (Iberolacerta monticola)
Iberian wall lizard (Podarcis hispanicus)
Madeira wall lizard (Teira dugesii)
Ocellated lizard (Timon lepidus)
Red-tailed spiny footed lizard (Acanthodactylus erythrurus)
Spanish psammodromus (Psammodromus hispanicus)
Family: Scinidae
Cylindrical skink (Chalcides chalcides)
Fogo skink (Chioninia fogoensis)
Spanish cylindrical skink (Chalcides bedriagai)
Western three-toed skink (Chalcides striatus)
Snakes
Family: Colubridae
False smooth snake (Macroprotodon cucullatus)
Iberian grass snake (Natrix astreptophora)
Horseshoe snake (Hemorrhois hippocrepis)
Ladder snake (Rhinechis scalaris)
Smooth snake (Coronella austriaca)
Southern smooth snake (Coronella girondica)
Viperine water snake (Natrix maura)
Western false smooth snake (Macroprotodon brevis)
Family: Lamprophiidae
Montpelier snake (Malpolon monspessulanus)
Family: Viperidae
Lataste's viper (Vipera latastei)
Portuguese viper (Vipera seoanei)
References
External links
The Reptile Database
Reptiles
Portugal
Portugal
Reptiles
Phelipe Pelim (born 5 January 1990) is a Brazilian judoka.
 They are the silver medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Cancún in the -60 kg category.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Brazilian male judoka
21st-century Brazilian people
20th-century Brazilian people
Hajla (; ) is a mountain located between the borders of Kosovo and Montenegro. It has several peaks that reach over , the highest having which is also called Hajla. The northern slopes contain the spring formation of the Ibar river, and to its southern slopes is the origin of the Bistrica e Pejës (or the Pećka Bistrica) river. Hajla is also the highest mountain in the northern part of the Accursed Mountains of the Balkans. In Kosovo, Hajla forms part of the long Rugova Canyon. The nearest city to Hajla is Rožaje, in Montenegro.
Highest peaks
Hajla ()
Hajla e Vëranocit ()
Maja Dramadol ()
Hajla e Shkrelit ()
See also
Vrelo Ibra
Ibar
Notes and references
Notes:
References:
Rožaje
Mountains of Montenegro
Mountains of Kosovo
Accursed Mountains
Two-thousanders of Kosovo
Two-thousanders of Montenegro
Granulinella is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Granulinidae.
Species
Granulinella pruinosa (Boyer, 2003) (synonym: Granulina pruinosa Boyer, 2003)
References
Boyer F. (2017). Révision de l'organisation supra-spécifique des gastéropodes granuliniformes. Xenophora Taxonomy. 16: 25-38
Granulinidae
Madabhushi Rangadorai (born 8 November 1937), better known by their pen name Randor Guy, is an Indian lawyer, columnist and film and legal historian associated with the English language newspaper The Hindu.  They are also the official editor of the weekly column "Blast from the Past" that appears in The Hindu.
Early life
Randor Guy's original name was Rangadorai, but their pen name later became official. They graduated in BSc and B. L. from Madras University and commenced their career as a lawyer. After practising as a lawyer for a short time, they quit their job and joined a firm called Paterson and Co. where they worked for five years. In 1976, they resigned to devote all their time to writing.
Work as a film historian
Guy has been writing books on history and films since 1967. They became popular when their article on Frank Capra was purchased by the United States Information Agency for use as a reference work. As of 2008, they remain the only non-American whose work has been acquired as reference material by the Government of the United States of America.
Guy is a regular columnist for such newspapers as the Mylapore Times, The Hindu and The Indian Express. They also write for the film magazine, Screen. They write on a variety of topics though they are mainly popular as a film historian and critic.
Films
Guy has written the screenplays for a few short documentaries and feature films. They have also produced a few advertisement films. In 1999, they scripted a 100-minute feature film in English titled Tales of The Kama Sutra: The Perfumed Garden for a Hollywood film company, directed by Jag Mundhra. It was subsequently dubbed into Hindi, Tamil and Telugu as Brahmachari. They later worked with the film's cinematographer, Ashok Kumar, on their trilingual production, Kaama (1999). They have written a Sinhalese film called Paradise Peak based on a best-selling crime novel written by him. Their recent works include Kama Sutra Nights: Maya starring actor Namitha. Maya is Namitha's first film in English.
Awards and felicitations
On 12 November 2007, during a function commemorating the fifth anniversary of Samudra, a magazine dedicated to art and culture, Guy was awarded the Gnana Samudra award in recognition of their contributions to the arts.
Books
(Fiction)
(Fiction – Telugu)
(Fiction – Telugu)
(True Crime-Tamil)
(Film History – Govt. of Tamil Nadu)
(Fiction)
Chitale (Biography)
(Novelization of a Hollywood film shot in India)
Notes
References
20th-century births
Living people
Indian film critics
Year of birth uncertain
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Writers from Chennai
University of Madras alumni
Legal historians
Indian film historians
The Hindu Group
Indian male screenwriters
Indian columnists
The 1937–38 season was the 46th season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1937-38 in English football
1937 in association football
1938 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1937–38 in English football leagues
Knyazhikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 127 as of 2002.
Geography
Knyazhikha is located 48 km south of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Veliky Dvor is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Night Voices: Strange Stories is a collection by Robert Aickman published in 1985.
Plot summary
Night Voices: Strange Stories is a collection of six horror tales.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed Night Voices: Strange Stories for White Dwarf #68, and stated that "Shadows fall obliquely; something is half-seen at the corner of the eye; the telling is quiet and understated, but shivers lurk in the implications. Nothing is ever explained. Those who only giggle at H P Lovecraft will find Aickman expert at raising small, persistent goose-pimples."
Reviews
Review by Chris Morgan (1985) in Fantasy Review, June 1985
Review by Nigel Richardson (1985) in Vector 128
References
1985 novels
Friedrich Wilhelm Schultz (3 January 1804 – 30 December 1876) was a German pharmacist and botanist who was a native of Zweibrücken.
They initially learned the pharmacy profession at their father's store in Zweibrücken. In 1827 be begun studies in Munich, later performing post-doctoral work in Tübingen. In 1832 they became owner of a pharmacy in Bitsch, and in 1853 relocated to Weissenburg.
Schultz was a specialist regarding the botanical family Orobanchaceae. One of their better known publications was a book on Palatinate flora called Flora der Pfalz. With Paul Constant Billot (1796-1863), they were co-authored of Archives de la flore de France et d'Allemagne.
In 1840 with their brother, Carl Heinrich Schultz (1805-1867), et al., they founded the scientific society POLLICHIA, a group specializing in nature studies of the Rheinland-Pfalz region.
References
Parts of this article are based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia, namely: Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, ADB: Schultz, Friedrich Wilhelm.
Index des botanistes- Fleurs sauvages de l'Yonne
German pharmacists
1804 births
1876 deaths
People from the Palatinate (region)
People from Zweibrücken
19th-century German botanists
Margaret Ngoche or Margaret Banja (born 2 November 1981) is a Kenyan cricketer and a former captain of the Kenya women's cricket team. Several members of Ngoche's family have played for the Kenyan team, including their brothers Lameck Onyango, Nehemiah Odhiambo, Shem Ngoche and James Ngoche, and their sister Mary Bele. Prior to playing cricket, Ngoche also played football for two years.
Ngoche was part of the Africa squad for the women's edition of the 2007 Afro-Asia Cup in India, and Kenya's team for the UAE International Women's T20 tournament, which took place in 2016.
In April 2019, Ngoche was named in Kenya's squad for their first ever Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) matches, in the 2019 Victoria Tri-Series in Uganda. Ngoche made their WT20I debut on 6 April 2019, for Kenya against Zimbabwe at the Lugogo Cricket Oval in Kampala, top-scoring for the team with 27 runs. The following month, Ngoche was named as Kenya's captain for the 2019 ICC Women's Qualifier Africa tournament in Zimbabwe. In Kenya's second match of the tournament, against Sierra Leone, Ngoche was again the top-scorer for the team, with 73 runs, and they were named as the player of the match. In May 2021, Ngoche was again named as the captain of the Kenyan team, this time for the 2021 Kwibuka Women's T20 Tournament in Rwanda. Following the conclusion of the tournament, Ngoche was named as the captain of the team of the tournament, selected by the Rwanda Cricket Association.
In January 2022, Ngoche was named as the captain of Kenya's team for the 2022 Commonwealth Games Cricket Qualifier tournament in Malaysia.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Kenyan cricketers
Kenya women Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Nairobi
Women cricket captains
Mavie is an unincorporated community in the township of Clover Leaf, Pennington County, Minnesota, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Pennington County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
The ruddy tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus russatus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Brazil, Guyana, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
ruddy tody-flycatcher
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
ruddy tody-flycatcher
ruddy tody-flycatcher
ruddy tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Park School may refer to:
United Kingdom
Park Community School, Havant, England
Park High School, Stanmore, England
Stocklake Park Community School (formerly known as Park School), Aylesbury, England
Park Community School, Barnstaple, England
United States
Park School of Baltimore, Baltimore County, Maryland
Park Elementary School (Moorhead, Minnesota), listed in the National Register of Historic Places in Clay County, Minnesota
Park School (Omaha), Nebraska
The Park School, Brookline, MA
Park Elementary School, Natrona County School District in Natrona County, Wyoming
See also
Roy H. Park School of Communications, Ithaca College in Ithaca, New York, US
Lindsay Park Elementary School, South Eastern, British Columbia, Canada
Ophisma albitermia is a moth of the family Erebidae.
Distribution
It is found in Africa, where it is known from Eritrea and Zambia.
References
Ophiusina
Moths described in 1910
James Allen Cottrell (born January 13, 1983) is a former American football linebacker. They were originally signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2006. They played college football at New Mexico State.
Early life
Born the son of Jim Cottrell and Tammi Hausmen Jimmy attended and played at Douglas County High School in Castle Rock, Colorado. Jimmy was named to the All-State and All-Colorado teams by both the Rocky Mtn. News and the Denver Post, as well as Conference Defensive MVP their senior season. They were named 1st Team All-Conference at linebacker during their Junior and Senior seasons, as well as 2nd Team All-Conference running back as a senior. Jimmy also wrestled for the Huskies, earning All-Conference honors as a Junior and Senior, and placed in the state tournament as a senior. Jimmy also earned a letter in baseball during their high school sports career.
College career
Jimmy played college football at New Mexico State University where they became the only player in school history to lead the team in tackles for 4 years. Jimmy started 45 of 46 games at middle linebacker for the Aggies during their college career. They racked up 463 total tackles, which places them 3rd all-time in school history, and they led the team in tackles all 4 of their playing seasons. Jimmy leads the nation in tackles as a senior with 179 total stops. Jimmy was named Honorable Mention All-Sun Belt Conference as a sophomore, 1st Team All-Sun Belt Conference as Junior, and 1st Team All-Western Athletic Conference as a senior, as well as being named Honorable Mention All-American as a senior.
Professional career
Jimmy Cottrell signed as a free agent with the Baltimore Ravens in 2006, and spent the 2006 NFL season on the Raven's practice squad. Following the 2006 season they were allocated to the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europe during the spring of 2007. During the 2007 NFL Europe season they suffered a serious shoulder injury. Jimmy spent all of the 2007 NFL season on the Baltimore Raven's Injured Reserve.
Kiowa Schools
From 2019 to 2021 Jimmy served as the Athletic Director and a Football Coach for Kiowa Schools, in their most recent season the Kiowa Indians went 0-9 for the season.
External links
Baltimore Ravens bio
1983 births
Living people
People from Castle Rock, Colorado
American football linebackers
New Mexico State Aggies football players
Baltimore Ravens players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Giácomo Mello Corbellini (born 8 November 1992), sometimes known as just Mello, is a Brazilian footballer who last played for Cymru Premier side Connah's Quay Nomads. They hold an Italian passport.
Club career
A product of Botafogo's academy, Mello played for teams in Brazil, Italy and Poland. They played in Kazakhstan for Akzhayik
before in August 2020 they signed for Welsh side Bangor City. They left the club in January 2022. They then joined Connah's Quay Nomads leaving the club at the end of the 2021–22 season.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Mello at Footballdatabase
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Segunda Divisão players
I liga players
Ekstraklasa players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Ruch Chorzów players
Zagłębie Sosnowiec players
FC Akzhayik players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Bangor City F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Cymru North players
Connah's Quay Nomads F.C. players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
Aqai (, also Romanized as Āqā'ī; also known as Āgoya and Ākūyeh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 36 families.
References
Towns and villages in Azna County
Auburn Lull is an American five-piece dream pop band from Lansing, Michigan, United States, which formed in 1994.
Biography
The band was founded in 1994 by guitarist/vocalist Sean Heenan, guitarists Jason Kolb and Eli Wekenman, and drummer Jason Wiesinger. The quintet came together out of its members' shared affection for bands like Seefeel, Flying Saucer Attack, earlier works from Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, along with many of the acts on the 4AD and Creation Records imprints. They later added bassist/guitarist Ron Gibbs.
In 1997, the Dearborn, Michigan label Burnt Hair Records released the Dual Group EP — a split recording with Auburn Lull and Mahogany. Auburn Lull's full-length debut, Alone I Admire, initially released on Burnt Hair in 1999, was later reissued by Darla Records in 2002. Belgian label Zeal Records released a limited-edition 2001 7" single, "Behind All Curses of Thought Lies the Ability to Focus on Vacant Spaces". Auburn Lull's second album, Cast from the Platform, was released in 2004. A rarities compilation, Regions Less Parallel, was issued in 2005, followed by their third album, Begin Civil Twilight, in 2008. The band released their fourth album, Hypha, on September 15, 2017 on the Azure Vista label.
Discography
Studio albums
Alone I Admire (1999, Burnt Hair; 2002, Darla)
Cast from the Platform (2004, Darla)
Begin Civil Twilight (2008, Darla)
Hypha (2017, Azure Vista)
EPs
Dual Group split with Mahogany (1997, Burnt Hair)
Hiber (2014, Geographic North)
Compilation albums
Regions Less Parallel: Early Works and Rarities 1996–2004 (2005, Darla)
References
External links
Official site
Rock music groups from Michigan
Dream pop musical groups
Shoegazing musical groups
American space rock musical groups
American post-rock groups
Darla Records artists
Alf Murray (25 December 1915 – 12 March 1999) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward at senior level for the Armagh county team.
Murray joined the team during the 1935 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for the next decade. They failed to win any silverware at senior level, however, they did win an Ulster medal at junior level in 1935.
Murray had a lengthy club career with Clann Éireann.
In retirement from playing Murray was involved in the administration of the GAA. They were secretary of the Armagh County Board and chairperson of the Ulster Council, before serving as president of the GAA from 1964 to 1967.
Education
Murray was awarded a teacher training scholarship to St Mary's College of Education, Strawberry Hill, London.
Teaching
They taught for a short time in Newry and Derryrnacash before spending 40 years at Tannaghmore Primary School where they were to become Vice Principal and Principal.
References
1915 births
1999 deaths
Alumni of St Mary's University, Twickenham
Armagh County Board administrators
Armagh inter-county Gaelic footballers
Chairmen of Gaelic games governing bodies
Clann Éireann Gaelic footballers
GAA people from County Down
Heads of schools in Northern Ireland
People from County Down
Presidents of the Gaelic Athletic Association
Secretaries of county boards of the Gaelic Athletic Association
Ulster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Ulster Provincial Council administrators
Jet is a given name which may be either masculine or feminine. It is relatively common in Dutch-speaking countries, as a nickname for certain feminine given names (for example, Henriette or Mariëtte), and is pronounced in that context. It is rarer in English-speaking countries, where it is generally a masculine nickname or adopted name, pronounced .
Jet Black (born 1938), English drummer, member of The Stranglers
Jet Bussemaker (Mariëtte, born 1961), Dutch politician
Jet Harris (1939–2011), English bass guitarist, member of The Shadows
Jet Jongeling (born 1977), Dutch cyclist
Jet Li (born 1963), Chinese martial artist and actor
Jet Lowe, American photographer
Jet O'Rourke, Australian musician
Jet Rowland (2002–2004), Australian road accident victim
Jet Tila (born 1975), American celebrity chef and restauranteur
Jet Travolta (1992-2009), Hollywood actor, John Travolta's son
Jet van Noortwijk (Ariette, born 1968), Dutch cricketer
Jet Zoon (born 1988), Dutch musician and composer
Tateo Ozaki (born 1954), Japanese golfer, nicknamed "Jet"
Dutch feminine given names
English masculine given names
English-language masculine given names
The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) is an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) based in Riverdale, Maryland responsible for protecting animal health, animal welfare, and plant health. APHIS is the lead agency for collaboration with other agencies to protect U.S. agriculture from invasive pests and diseases. APHIS's PPQ is the National Plant Protection Organization for the U.S., and the agency's head of veterinary services/veterinary Deputy Administrator is the Chief Veterinary Officer of the United States.
History
APHIS was created in 1972 by Secretary's Memorandum No. 1769.
The origins of the agency predate creation of USDA, to 1854 when the Office of Entomologist, Agricultural Section, U.S. Patent Office was created. It was the first of three agencies that eventually were merged to form APHIS. In 1881, a Cattle Commission was created in the Department of the Treasury that three years later was transferred to USDA. Plant quarantine functions followed in 1912 when USDA's Federal Horticultural Board was created. Between the 1880s and 1930s, these evolved into the USDA Bureaus of Entomology, of Animal Industry, and of Plant Quarantine, respectively.
In 1953, those three bureaus were made into the new Agricultural Research Service. In 1971, the animal and plant regulatory functions were separated from ARS to create a new entity known as Animal and Plant Health Services. In 1972, the meat and poultry inspection divisions of the Consumer and Marketing Service (later known as the Agricultural Marketing Service) were added to APHS, thus creating the contemporary APHIS.
In 2003, many APHIS agricultural border inspectors were transferred to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, a unit of the newly created U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
APHIS is the primary agency responsible for responding to animal and plant disease(s) and pest emergencies as well as to other emergencies as set forth by the National Response Plan (NRP) completed in 2005 (APHIS Strategic Plan 2003–2008).
APHIS celebrated its 50th anniversary on April 2, 2022.
Duties and responsibilities
The originally-stated purpose of APHIS is to “protect the animal and plant resources of the nation” and carry out “a poultry and meat inspection program.” A more modern articulation of APHIS's mission is “protecting and promoting U.S. agricultural health, regulating genetically engineered organisms, administering the Animal Welfare Act and carrying out wildlife damage management activities.”
APHIS aims to protect American animals, plants, and the agricultural industry by offering:
Protection from invasive non-native plants, animals, insects, and diseases
Monitoring and management of existing agricultural pests and diseases
Resolution and management of trade issues related to animal or plant health
Prevention or cessation of the inhumane treatment (of animals)
The threats and challenges within APHIS' scope include:
Non-compliant biotech events
Invasive species
Agricultural animal/plant health threats
Agricultural bioterrorism
Sanitary and phytosanitary trade barriers
Wildlife conflicts and diseases
Zoonotic diseases
Animal welfare issues
Statutory authorities
APHIS is granted specific authority under several federal statutes:
Animal Health Protection Act, et seq.
Governs the prevention, detection, control, and eradication of diseases and pests of animals, where "animal" is defined as "any member of the animal kingdom (except a human)." (1) (West 2009).
Animal Welfare Act of 1966, et seq.
Originally intended to prevent the theft of pets for sale to research facilities, the AWA now broadly regulates minimum standards of care and treatment of animals in research, exhibition, transport, and by dealers. It exempts birds, rats, or mice bred for use in research, horses not used for research, cold blooded animals, and all farm animals used in the production of “food and fiber.” It provides for licensing and registration of all animal dealers and exhibitors.
Horse Protection Act,
Prohibit horses subjected to a process called “soring” (injecting or applying chemicals to a horse's forelegs to accentuate its gait) from participating in and being transported to exhibitions, sales, shows, or auctions.
Animal Damage Control Act of March 2, 1931,
Provides broad authority for investigation, demonstrations and control of “injurious animal species” (mammalian predators, rodents and birds.) Amended in 1991 to prevent the inadvertent introduction of brown tree snakes into other areas of the United States from Guam.
Lacey Act,
Makes it unlawful for any person to import, export, transport, sell, receive, acquire, or purchase any fish or wildlife or plant taken, possessed, transported, or sold in violation of any law, treaty, or regulation of the United States or in violation of any Indian tribal law whether in interstate or foreign commerce.
Plant Protection Act, et seq.
Consolidates all or part of ten existing USDA plant health laws into one comprehensive law. Gives USDA the authority to regulate and to prohibit or restrict the importation, exportation, and the interstate movement of plants, plant products, certain biological control organisms, noxious weeds, and plant pests.
Federal Seed Act, Title III,
Requires accurate labeling and purity standards for seeds in commerce, and prohibits the importation and movement of adulterated or misbranded seeds.
Honeybee Act,
Prohibits or restricts the importation or entry of honeybees and honeybee semen into or through the United States in order to prevent the introduction and spread of diseases and parasites harmful to honeybees, as well as genetically undesirable germ plasm and undesirable bee species.
Animal quarantine laws:
allows the President, by proclamation, to suspend the importation of all or any class of animals for a limited time, whenever, in their opinion, it is necessary for the protection of animals in the United States against infectious or contagious diseases.
authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to establish research facilities for hoof and mouth disease and other animal diseases which “in the opinion of the Secretary” constitute a threat to U.S. livestock. Mandates strict controls for the use of any live virus at such research facilities. Permits the Secretary to hire up to five technical experts or scientists at a maximum paygrade of GS-18. (This appears to be one of the most prescriptive statutes that USDA administers.)
authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to establish and carry out a program for the eradication of pseudorabies in United States swine populations.
Virus-Serum-Toxin Act,
Organization
APHIS is divided into six operational programs units:
Animal Care (AC): Determines and promotes standards of humane care and treatment of animals through inspections and educational efforts.
Biotechnology Regulatory Services (BRS): Protects agricultural and natural resources by ensuring safe development of genetically engineered organisms using a science-based regulatory framework.
International Services and Trade Support Team (IS): Provides international animal and plant health expertise to safeguard American agricultural health and promote U.S. agricultural trade.
Plant Protection and Quarantine (PPQ): Safeguards agriculture and natural resources from risks associated with the entry, establishment, or spread of pests and noxious weeds.
Veterinary Services (VS): Protects and improves the health, quality, and marketability of our nation's animals, animal products, and veterinary biologics by preventing, controlling, and/or eliminating animal diseases, and monitoring, and promoting animal health and productivity.
Wildlife Services (WS): Provides leadership to resolve wildlife conflicts and create a balance allowing people and wildlife to peacefully coexist.
APHIS is also divided into three management support units (Legislative and Public Affairs, Marketing and Regulatory Programs Business Services, and Policy and Program Development), and two offices that support government-wide initiatives: the Office of Emergency Management and Homeland Security and Office of Civil Rights Enforcement and Compliance.
The current APHIS Administrator, Kevin Shea, was appointed in June 2013. Their immediate predecessor, Dr. Greg Parham, was appointed in April 2011.
The Deputy Administrator for Veterinary Services also functions as Chief Veterinary Officer of the United States, and represents the U.S. Government at the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE). APHIS Plant Protection and Quarantine (PPQ) is the National Plant Protection Organization; the Deputy Administrator for PPQ represents the United States in the North American Plant Protection Organization and other international fora related to plant health and quarantine.
In addition to its domestic operations, APHIS International Services staff several overseas offices, including veterinary and plant health attachés in U.S. diplomatic missions as well as technicians carrying out disease and pest eradication and control programs.
On February 26, 2022 Deputy Administrator Osama El-Lissy left to become the Secretary of the International Plant Protection Convention.
Investigative and Enforcement Services
As the name suggests, IES takes referrals from other APHIS personnel as to investigations and enforcements that are needed based on personnel's observations in the course of their duties.
Budget
APHIS has a budget of approximately $800 million annually and employs about 7,000 people, about 5,000 of which are deployed as inspectors at ports, borders and on farms.
Criticism
In 2005, the USDA OIG published a report which identified numerous failures on the part of APHIS' Animal Care (AC) unit to adequately enforce the AWA, including:
failure of AC's Eastern Region to aggressively pursue “enforcement actions against violators of the AWA”;
failure to fine violators sufficiently, creating a climate in which “violators consider the monetary stipulation as a normal cost of conducting business rather than a deterrent for violating the law”;
failure on the part of the USDA's Veterinary Medical Officers (VMOs) to ensure that research facilities provided them with basic data on themselves such as “the number of animals used in research” and the number of “unexpected animal deaths”;
failure on the part of Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees (IACUC) to effectively monitor animal care activities, in particular, veterinary care and review of painful procedures; and
failure on the part of Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees (IACUC) to ensure the use of non-animal methodologies where such research avenues exist.
The OIG audit further reported that at almost one-third of facilities, IACUCs failed to ensure that principal investigators (PIs) considered alternatives to painful procedures; the report cites this failure on the part of IACUCs as being the most frequent AWA violation at animal research facilities.
In 2014, The USDA's Office of the Inspector General (OIG) criticized the Service for a number of issues including its failure to efficiently allocate resources and its failure to administer appropriate fines for animal welfare violations among other issues. The report found the Service conducted inspections at facilities that did not have any animals regulated under the Animal Welfare Act (AWA). According to the report, “[Animal Care] did not make the best use of its limited resources, which could have been assigned to inspect other more problematic facilities, including breeders, dealers, and exhibitors.” The Service was also criticized for prematurely closing cases that involved “grave (e.g., animal deaths) or repeat welfare violations.” When the service did levy fines against institutions for AWA violations, the Inspector General's report found “penalties that were reduced by an average of 86 percent from... authorized maximum penalty per violation. Consequently, 26 of the 30 violators in our sample received” and that the Service “grant[ed] good faith reductions without merit or us[ed] a smaller number of violations than the actual number.” According to the USDA's report, APHIS agreed with the findings and will begin implanting reforms.
On 4 February 2017, the USDA Animal Care Search Tool, a searchable database containing documents with details about the animals held by individual US animal research facility together with inspection and action reports, was removed from public access, with a stated reason of protecting personal information. The removal affects inspection reports, research facility annual reports, regulatory correspondence (such as official warnings), and certain enforcement records. Information from these documents can now only be requested via Freedom of Information Act inquiry. This removal has been criticized as substantially limiting information on animal care in US institutions, and of inhibiting access to what is still available.
See also
Title 7 of the Code of Federal Regulations
Title 9 of the Code of Federal Regulations
Beagle Brigade
Phytosanitary Certificate Issuance and Tracking System
Plant Protection and Quarantine
Sanitary and phytosanitary measures and agreements
References
Further reading
External links
APHIS website
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service in the Federal Register
APHIS programs
Animal disease control
Export and import control
Regulators of biotechnology products
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
Government agencies established in 1972
Regulatory authorities of the United States
Phytosanitary authorities
Zagroble is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Qoroq (; also known as Sidehel and Yarqoroq) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,084, in 282 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Tottan Hills () is a group of rocky hills 20 nautical miles (37 km) in extent, forming the southwestern portion of Heimefront Range in Queen Maud Land. The hills were observed and photographed by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition in the course of air reconnaissance from Maudheim in January 1952. Named after the supply ship Tottan, used to establish and resupply the British Royal Society IGY station on the Brunt Ice Shelf, 1955–58. During the 1957–58 season, Tottan also unloaded supplies at Norway station on Princess Martha Coast.
Hills of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
James Peppler Morris (born 10 January 1947) is a leading American bass-baritone opera singer.  They are known for their interpretation of the role of Wotan in Richard Wagner's operatic cycle, Der Ring des Nibelungen. The Metropolitan Opera video recording of the complete cycle with Morris as Wotan has been described as an "exceptional issue on every count." It was broadcast on PBS in 1990, to the largest viewing audience of the Ring Cycle in human history.
James Morris was born in Baltimore, Maryland, where they studied voice with Rosa Ponselle and at the Peabody Conservatory. They attended the University of Maryland and also studied at the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They made their debut with the Baltimore Opera in 1967, as "Crespel" in Jacques Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann, which starred Beverly Sills and Norman Treigle.
They first appeared in New York City at the Metropolitan Opera, in January 1971, as The King in Verdi's Aïda. They went on to establish themselves as one of the most versatile male opera singers in the world, performing a repertoire ranging from Mozart through Verdi and Wagner to Benjamin Britten.
But of all the parts they have sung, Wotan arguably remains their signature role. They were considered one of the best Wotans in the world during their heyday. In January 2008, on their 61st birthday, they reprised that role in a production of Die Walküre at the Metropolitan Opera, the theater with which they are most closely associated. In 2009, alongside Deborah Voigt, they also returned there to sing "Scarpia" in Puccini's Tosca.
In addition to their imposing, well-trained voice and fine acting and musicianship, Morris, at 6 feet, 5 inches in height, had the physical stature to perform the heroic Wagnerian roles convincingly. Their interpretations can be heard on a number of recordings that were made at the peak of their career. They live in Warren Township, New Jersey with their wife, mezzo-soprano Susan Quittmeyer, and their twins, Jennifer and Daniel. They also have a daughter, Heather.
As of August 2015, Morris serves on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.
Awards and notable recordings
1990 Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording: Richard Wagner's Die Walküre, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra.
1991 Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording: Richard Wagner's Das Rheingold, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra.
Available on DVD, Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg by Richard Wagner, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, conducted by James Levine. Sung by James Morris, Karita Mattila and Ben Heppner, etc. Produced by Deutsche Grammophon.
Available on DVD, Otello by Giuseppe Verdi, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, conducted by James Levine. Sung by Plácido Domingo, Renée Fleming and James Morris, etc. Produced by Deutsche Grammophon.
Available on DVD, Luisa Miller by Giuseppe Verdi, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, conducted by James Levine. Sung by Bonaldo Giaiotti, Plácido Domingo, Jean Kraft, Sherrill Milnes, James Morris and Renata Scotto, etc. Produced by Deutsche Grammophon.
Available on DVD, James Levine's 25th Anniversary Metropolitan Opera Gala, with the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra, conducted by James Levine. Produced by Deutsche Grammophon.
References
External links
Fanfaire web page for James Morris
American operatic bass-baritones
Grammy Award winners
Living people
1947 births
Peabody Institute alumni
Musicians from Baltimore
People from Warren Township, New Jersey
Singers from Maryland
Singers from New Jersey
20th-century American male opera singers
21st-century American male opera singers
Classical musicians from New Jersey
Waringsford is a small village in County Down, Northern Ireland, 6 km south east of Dromore. It is situated within Banbridge District. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 129 people. The village, despite the lack of services, has seen substantial property development in the last five years, helped by its rural setting, relative tranquility and close proximity to the A1.
The village lies within the townland of Tullinisky, in the civil parish of Garvaghy, within the barony of Iveagh Lower, Lower Half. It also lies in Banbridge District.
People
Betsy Gray, distinguished in the Irish Rebellion of 1798, may have been born on the outskirts of Waringsford.
See also
List of villages in Northern Ireland
List of towns in Northern Ireland
References
Villages in County Down
Civil parish of Garvaghy
Banbridge District Council
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru (born 8 February 1963) is a historian from the Republic of Moldova.
Biography
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru was born on 8 February 1963. They graduate from Moldova State University in 1986 and got a PhD from University of Bucharest in 1996. Cojocaru is a scientific researcher and coordinator with the Institute of History, State and Law of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova. They were the editor of Arena Politicii magazine (1996–1998). Cojocaru has been a political commentator for Radio Free Europe since 1998. They have written several books and articles related to politics and history of Moldova.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru is also Chair of the Commission for the study and analysis of the totalitarian communist regime in Republic of Moldova, designated by Presidential Decree signed by the Acting President of Moldova, Mihai Ghimpu.
Works
The Comintern and the Origins of Moldovanism
Their book The Comintern and the Origins of Moldovanism (Chişinău, 2009) chronologically presents yet-unpublished documents of the Comintern which functioned in Moscow, and were discovered by the author in the Comintern archives in Moscow, Kiev, Bucharest and Chişinău. The documents, which date back to the 1924-1928 period, were translated from Russian and argue the Soviet-type construction of the concept of "Moldovanism" and its inoculation among the population of Bessarabia, through the creation of the Moldovan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1924.
The book was launched on 4 December 2009 at the National History Museum of Moldova in Chişinău. At the launch of the book, Alexandru Moşanu said:
On 22 January 2010, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Romania) launched the book in Bucharest. At the launch of the book, the Foreign Minister of Romania Teodor Baconschi said:
List of works
The following is a list of works that were published:
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, The Comintern and the Origins of Moldovanism, Civitas, Chişinău, 2009.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Tratatul de Uniune Sovietică, Editura "Civitas" 2006.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Colapsul URSS și dilemma relațiilor româno-române, București: Editura Omega, 2001.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Politica externa a Republicii Moldova [The foreign policy of the Republic of Moldova], Ed. a 2-a, rev. si adaugita. - Chişinău: Civitas, 2001. - 208 p.,
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Politica externă a Republicii Moldova. Demersuri privind aplanarea conflictului transnistrean, CIVITAS, Chişinău 2001.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, 1989 la est de Prut, Prut Internaţional, Chişinău, 2001, Coordinator: Ion Negrei.
Gheorghe E. Cojocaru, Sfatul Țării: itinerar, Civitas, Chişinău, 1998,
Gheorghe Cojocaru, Funeraliile URSS (Belovejskaia Puşcia, 1991).
Footnotes
External links
Biografia autorului Gheorghe Cojocaru
Moldovenismul ca instrument de desnaţionalizare
Institute for Development and Social Initiatives
1963 births
Living people
20th-century Moldovan historians
Moldovan journalists
Male journalists
21st-century Moldovan historians
Moldovan male writers
Moldovan activists
Moldova State University alumni
University of Bucharest alumni
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty people
Members of the Commission for the Study of the Communist Dictatorship in Moldova
Meigle or Meagle is a hamlet on the Meigle Burn in North Ayrshire, Parish of Largs, Scotland. The settlement lies close to the road to Greenock and is named after the bay where the Skelmorlie Burn flows into the Firth of Clyde. Meigle once stood on the old toll road from Largs to Greenock. It lies above sea level. Skelmorlie Castle and glen lie nearby. The Meigle Burn has its confluence with the Skelmorlie Burns to the east of Skelmorlie Bridge. The modern spelling 'Meigle' will be used for consistency. There is also a village called Meigle in Perth & Kinross.
History
In the 1750s a mill stood close to the Meigle Burn and Skelmorlie Water, the mills presence surviving as the place-name 'Millburn'.
The first OS maps gives the spelling as 'Meagle'. In 1855-57 Meagle (sic) consisted of a cottage house and buildings leased by the late A.H.Campbell Esq from the Earl of Glasgow.
Meagle (sic) was an ordinary country school without an endowment, its costs being covered by voluntary Contributions and by the pupils parents. In 1855-57 Mr Lorgan was the teacher.
Meigle Bay is a small and shallow and lies in the Firth of Clyde in front of Skelmorlie Castle. It was a famous haunt of smugglers who found safe hiding places here in the Rocks, Caves and neighbourhood.
In 1876 a chapel was built, using the medium of mass concrete, as a gift from the Stewart sisters of Ashcraig House. It was converted and extended to become a private dwelling. A mission hall is shown on the OS map of 1909.
In 1855 a new road had been built close to the coast and Bridgend House and its grounds stand on the old toll road route. A bathing house is shown on the north side of the Skelmorlie Burn with a footpath leading to it. A school is also shown on the outskirts of the hamlet that served Meigle and the surrounding farms.
In 1909 the post office is no longer shown on OS maps, but a letter box is present as it still is. The school is also not indicated, however the boat house is marked. A mission hall is however still present.
Transport
The old road in the 1750s from Largs to Greenock via Inverkip used to run mainly inland, close to Skelmorlie Castle on its eastern side, crossing a rather narrow Bridge over Skelmorlie Water and then running further inland via Knock Castle to Largs, Irvine, etc. With the establishment of the coast road a new bridge was built over the Skelmorlie Water and the old bridge and that section of the old road became an entrance to Bridgend House. The 1832 Thomson's map shows the new coastal toll road with a new bridge at Meagle (sic) named Haining Bridge End.
The Serpent Mound
Above the hamlet lies the 'Serpent Mound', named after the curved shape of the earthwork. It is said to have been had connections with the cult of sun worship. Smith records that despite the serpentine shape it is a natural stratified structure formed from stratified deposits on the old raised beach eroded by streams that run on either side. A Dr Phenè discovered this structure and excavations revealed a paved platform shaped like a segment of a circle, together with many bones and charcoal. As stated, the mound itself may well be entirely natural; however, the paved platform is a genuine artifact; it is not listed by the relevant authorities.
Ashcraig House
Ashcraig House on the Firth of Clyde had a boat house and a bathing house. Spacious formal gardens are overlooked by a circa 1840 pink stone marine villa.
Etymology
The place-name Meigle in Perth and Kinross may be from the Old English for 'midge gill'. The Meigle hamlet in North Ayrshire that has links with the Scandinavian influences that are common on the west coast of Scotland, is thought to be derived from the Norse ' mjo gil' meaning 'narrow gill' or 'narrow opening'.
Meigle Bay
One of the markers for the 'Arran Measured Mile' is located on the beach at Meigle. In the 19th century a boat house and bathing houses were located here.
References
Notes
Sources
Close, Rob and Riches, Anne (2012). The Buildings of Scotland : Ayrshire and Arran. London : Yale University Press.
Harvey, William. Picturesque Ayrshire. Dundee : Valentine & Sons.
Love, Dane (2003). Ayrshire : Discovering a County. Ayr : Fort Publishing. .
Smart, Walter (1968). Skelmorlie. The Story of the Parish Consisting of Skelmorlie and Wemyss Bay. Published by The Skelmorlie and Wemyss Bay Community Centre.
Smith, John (1895). Prehistoric Man in Ayrshire. London : Elliot Stock.
History of North Ayrshire
Villages in North Ayrshire
Firth of Clyde
The 2018–19 Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball team represents the University of Nebraska during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cornhuskers, led by 3rd year head coach Amy Williams, play their home games at Pinnacle Bank Arena and are a member of the Big Ten Conference. They finished the season 14–16, 11–5 in Big Ten play to finish in a 4 way for sixth place. They lost in the first round of the Big Ten Women's Tournament to Purdue.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=|Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Ten conference season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Ten Women's Tournament
Rankings
See also
2018–19 Nebraska Cornhuskers men's basketball team
References
Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball seasons
Nebraska
Cornhusk
Cornhusk
Neuroglossum is a genus of marine red algae.
References
Red algae genera
Delesseriaceae
Bill Henderson with the Oscar Peterson Trio is a 1963 album by Bill Henderson, accompanied by Oscar Peterson.
Track listing
"You Are My Sunshine" (Jimmie Davis, Charles Mitchell) – 4:35
"The Lamp Is Low" (Peter de Rose, Mitchell Parish, Maurice Ravel, Bert Shefter) – 2:48
"All or Nothing at All" (Arthur Altman, Jack Lawrence) – 3:39
"I Wish You Love" (Léo Chauliac, Charles Trenet, Albert A. Beach) – 3:40
"Gravy Waltz" (Steve Allen, Ray Brown) – 2:19
"A Lot of Livin' to Do" (Lee Adams, Charles Strouse) – 2:25
"I See Your Face Before Me" (Howard Dietz, Arthur Schwartz) – 2:24
"I've Got a Crush on You" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 4:03
"At Long Last Love" (Cole Porter) – 2:28
"The Folks Who Live On the Hill" (Oscar Hammerstein II, Jerome Kern) – 3:41
"Baby Mine" (traditional) – 4:05
"Wild Is Love" (Ray Rasch, Dotty Wayne) – 2:36
Bonus tracks
"Where Are You?" (Harold Adamson, Jimmy McHugh) – 3:36
"Charmaine" (Lew Pollack, Erno Rapee) – 2:57
"Young and Foolish" (Albert Hague, Arnold B. Horwitt) – 3:52
"Stranger on the Shore" (Acker Bilk, Robert Mellin) – 2:34
Personnel
Performance
Bill Henderson - vocals
Oscar Peterson – piano
Ray Brown – double bass
Ed Thigpen - drums
Production
Dom Cerulli - liner notes
Will Friedwald
Jim Davis - producer
Val Valentin - engineer
References
Notes
Sources
1963 albums
Bill Henderson (performer) albums
Oscar Peterson albums
Verve Records albums
Vocal jazz albums
is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Kazuko Fujita. It was serialized in Shogakukan's manga magazine Shōjo Comic from 1987 to 1989. Shogakukan collected the manga into seven volumes under its Flower Comics label from January 1988 to July 1989. It was adapted into the Taiwanese drama Momo Love in 2009.
References
Manga series
1987 manga
Shōjo manga
Shogakukan manga
1989 comics endings
Manga adapted into television series
State Route 173 (SR 173) is located in northeastern Ohio, and runs east–west from State Route 44, about north of Louisville, Ohio to State Route 14 and State Route 9 in downtown Salem, Ohio. It primarily passes through Stark and Columbiana counties, though it also straddles the county line between Mahoning County and Columbiana County for some of its length. Much of the route is also run in concurrency with U.S. Route 62.
History
SR 173 was commissioned in 1923, originally routed from SR 19. northeast of Louisville, to SR 19, south of Beloit. In 1927 the route was rerouted onto the route of previous SR 19, through Alliance. The route was extended west to its current western terminus, at SR 44, in 1937. Between 1969 and 1971, SR 173 was rerouted concurrent with US 62 from west of Alliance to Salem. In 1976 US 62 in Salem was rerouted to bypass the city and SR 173 remained on the old route of US 62.
Major intersections
References
173
Transportation in Stark County, Ohio
Transportation in Mahoning County, Ohio
Transportation in Columbiana County, Ohio
The 1955 Tour was the second concert tour by British pop singer-songwriter Mika in support of their second studio album The Boy Who Knew Too Much. The tour spanned across North America, Australia and the Far East.
In February 2010 Mika launched another tour, the Imaginarium Tour which started in Belfast, Northern Ireland and took them throughout Europe and back to Asia.
Background
Mika announced the official name of their tour on 4 October 2009 while in rehearsals for the North American leg. The tour would have an outer space theme.
The idea behind this tour was that a civilian went into space where something went wrong, so they became lost. When the show started, attendees learned that the civilian-turned-astronaut lost in space was Mika.
Ian McKellen acted as the narrator shown on film at the beginning of the show.
Setlist
Support acts
Gary Go (12 – 27 October 2009)
Orianthi (24 November 2009)
Hermanus Iglesios
Tour dates
External links
Official tour website
References
Mika (singer) concert tours
2009 concert tours
Ram Jati Singh, OBE (1908–1992) was a Fiji Indian politician and landlord who was elected to the Legislative Council in the 1966 general elections on the National Federation Party (NFP) ticket. They were re-elected in the 1968 by-election with an increased majority.
They were the father of the Fijian politician Raman Pratap Singh, and the grandfather of Australian politician Lisa Singh.
They had 9 sons and 3 daughters.
Notes and references
Narendra P. Singh, With the Gods and the Sea, Veran Press, NSW, Australia, 2003,
1908 births
1992 deaths
Fijian Hindus
National Federation Party politicians
Indian members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Politicians from Bua Province
Fijian landlords
20th-century landowners
The Ilyushin Il-30 was a Soviet turbojet-powered tactical bomber designed as a higher-performance, swept wing version of the Ilyushin Il-28, in the late 1940s. Its thin wing and engine nacelles necessitated the use of tandem landing gear, the first Soviet aircraft to do so. It was apparently canceled before the prototype made its first flight, although sources disagree with this.
Development
The Il-30 was a follow-on to the Il-28, although design began on 21 June 1948, before the Il-28 had flown. It was designed to meet a requirement for a jet bomber that could carry to a range of with a maximum speed no less than . The design took that of the Il-28 as a starting point, but had thin, mid-mounted swept wings with a 35° sweep angle, chosen to allow the aircraft to reach its required speed. It was intended to be powered by two new Lyulka TR-3 axial-flow turbojet engines with 45.1 kN (10,140 lbf) thrust each in wing-mounted nacelles. Both the fuselage and the nacelles were area ruled.
Thin wings and the 2° anhedral necessary to cure the excessive lateral stability limited the amount of fuel that could be carried and tip tanks were required to meet the range requirement. The slim engine nacelles did not allow the main landing gear to be stowed there as was done in the Il-28. The solution was to house them within the fuselage — the first bicycle landing gear on a Soviet aircraft — with small, twin-wheeled, outriggers mounted underneath the nacelles to stabilize the aircraft on the ground.
The aircraft had a crew of four, the pilot, a bombardier, and two gunners. The pilot, bombardier and dorsal gunner shared one pressurized compartment that was subdivided into (firstly) a bombardier's position in the extensively glazed nose, and (secondly) a combined cockpit and dorsal turret (Il-V-12): the pilot and dorsal gunner were effectively placed back-to-back underneath the canopy. The tail gunner had a separate, pressurized turret (Il-K6) at the rear of the aircraft. Defensive armament was six Nudelman-Rikhter NR-23 cannon: two fixed firing forward and one pair in each turret. Maximum bomb load was
The initial results were favorable, and a full-scale mockup was formally reviewed in March 1949. The prototype was completed by August 1949, but an incident involving the rival swept-wing Tupolev Tu-82 that broke an engine mount during a low-altitude flight led to delays as additional tests were demanded to determine the strength of the wings before the first flight was made. By the following year, the Il-30 program had lost momentum as the Ilyushin OKB was ordered to concentrate its resources on facilitating the service introduction of the Il-28. The Il-30 program was formally terminated by government order on 20 August 1950, and the prototype was eventually scrapped at the beginning of the 1960s. Aviation historian Bill Gunston quotes a maiden flight date of 9 September 1949, but Vaclav Nemecek says 1951.
Although the Il-30 never actually flew, it was the subject of much (misinformed) speculation in the West. Some of the common misconceptions were that it had a ventral gun mount and that it was the first Soviet bomber to attain the speed of .
Specifications (estimated)
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Il-30 on ram-home.com
Il-030
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
1940s Soviet bomber aircraft
Twinjets
fr:Ilyushin Il-28 Beagle
USA-203, also known as GPS IIR-20(M), GPS IIRM-7 and GPS SVN-49, is an American navigation satellite which was intended to become part of the Global Positioning System. It was the sixth of seven Block IIRM satellites to be launched, and the twentieth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus, and had a mass of .
USA-203 was launched at 08:34 UTC on 24 March 2009, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D340, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-203 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
USA-203 is located in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718 minutes, and 55.8 degrees of inclination to the equator. It was intended to operate in slot 2 of plane B of the GPS constellation, replacing USA-128, and to broadcast signal PRN-01. During on-orbit testing an anomaly was discovered with the signals it was broadcasting, which prevented its operational use. It was decommissioned on 6 May 2011, two years into its ten-year design life.
In addition to its operational navigation signals, USA-203 was also equipped to broadcast a demonstration of the L5 signal which would be introduced with the GPS Block IIF series. The satellite was able to broadcast this signal correctly, but it was discovered that a filter used to produce the L5 signal was causing the disruption to its other frequencies.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2009
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Carmen de Burgos y Seguí (pseudonyms, Colombine, Gabriel Luna, Perico el de los Palotes, Raquel, Honorine and Marianela; Almería, December 10, 1867 – Madrid, October 9, 1932) was a Spanish journalist, writer, translator and women's rights activist. Johnson describes them as a "modern" if not "modernist" writer.
Early years
They were born in 1867 in Almeria to a middle-class family, in which their father owned a gold mine. Them father José de Burgos Cañizares and their uncle Ferdinand were in charge of the vice-consulate of Portugal in Almeria. Them mother, Nicosia Segui Nieto, had come to the marriage with a substantial inheritance.
Career
They escaped their family when they met Arturo Asterz Bustos. They were fifteen years older than her; they were a poet, writer, and an alcoholic. Them new husband earned money as a typesetter on the family's newspaper, but they quickly discovered that this was to be their work. They and Arturo were unhappily married for 17 years, having four children - of whom only one survived. In 1898 their infant son died and they enrolled at the local college to obtain a teaching certificate. They quickly advanced, and within a year they were qualified to teach primary. By the end of 1898, they were qualified to teach secondary school and by 1900 they were qualified to teach teachers. Armed with their new achievements, they could anticipate employment for life. They and their remaining daughter left their abusive and unfaithful husband and they set up their own house in Guadalajara where their first book was written. During this time they had learnt how to write for a living, they had earned their independence and they had developed a contempt for the institution of marriage. Burgos regarded themselves as a feminist but their gender meant that their writings were not included when evaluations were made of Spanish (male) modernism.
However Burgos was nominally creating a number of novels for the "weekly novel" market that was popular at the start of the twentieth century. Burgos's novels however dealt with legal and political themes. Them novels dealt with taboo subjects including male and female homosexuality and transvestism. They highlighted the dual values applied that blamed women who were adulterers whereas men's involvement was forgiven. Women were given responsibility for illegitimate children and the law overlooked the abuse that some women found within their marriages. It has been noted that Burgos raised controversial subjects concerning gender, the law and rights but their writing did not offer a solution. They exposed to the readers the disparity between traditional values of female education and modern life. Burgos however exposed difficult issues as a dramatic event and in 1904 they had led a campaign to improve the availability of divorce.
Recognition
In 1906, Burgos became the first female professional journalist in Spain as editor of Madrid's Diario Universal. They also served as the first president of the International League of Iberian and Latin American Women (Liga Internacional de Mujeres Ibéricas e Hispanoamericanas). During Franco's dictatorship, Burgos was written out of the history books. Following the restoration of democracy they were again recognised and reinstated into the history of women's rights in Spain.
Selected works
Essays and other works
Ensayos literarios, 1900.
Álbum artístico literario del siglo XX, 1901.
Notas del alma, 1901, (colección de coplas populares)
El divorcio en España, 1904.
La mujer en España, 1906.
Por Europa, 1906
La voz de los muertos, 1911
Leopardi, 1911
Misión social de la mujer, 1911
Cartas sin destinatario, 1912
Al balcón, 1913
Impresiones de Argentina, 1914
Confidencias de artistas, 1916
Peregrinaciones, 1917
Mis viajes por Europa, 1917
¿Quiere usted comer bien?, 1917
Fígaro, 1919
La Emperatriz Eugenia, 1920
Hablando con los descendientes, 1929
Gloriosa vida y desdichada muerte de D. Rafael del Riego, 1931.
Amadís de Gaula, s.a.
Novels
Los inadaptados, 1909
La rampa, 1917
El último contrabandista, 1918
Los anticuarios, 1919
El retorno, 1922
La malcasada, 1923.
Los espirituados, 1923.
La mujer fantástica, 1924.
El tío de todos, 1925.
Quiero vivir mi vida, 1931.
Los anticuarios.
Short stories
Ensayos literarios, 1900.
Alucinación, 1905
El anhelo
El abogado
El artículo 438
Cuentos: El tesoro del castillo
Cuentos de Colombine
En la guerra
Honor de familia
Translations
Historia de mi vida (muda, sorda y ciega), 1904
La guerra ruso-japonesa, 1904.
La inferioridad mental de la mujer, 1904.
Loca por razón de Estado, 1904.
Los Evangelios y la segunda generación cristiana, 1904
La Iglesia cristiana, 1905
Diez y seis años en Siberia, 1906.
En el mundo de las mujeres, 1906.
El rey sin corona, 1908.
La conquista de un Imperio, 1911.
Los misterios de la india, 1911.
La corona de olivo silvestre, 1911-1913.
Fisiología del placer, 1913.
Las mañanas en Florencia, 1913
Las piedras de Venecia, 1913.
Las siete lámparas de la arquitectura, 1913.
Los pintores modernos. El paisaje, 1913.
Cuentos a Maxa, 1914.
El reposo de San Marcos. Historia de Venecia, 1915.
La Biblia de Amiens, 1916.
La decisión, 1917.
Una idea de parisiense por página, 1917.
La perseverancia, 1919.
Defnis y Cloe, 1910.
Los últimos filibusteros, 1913.
La princesa muda, s.a.
El tío Geromo (Crainqueville).
Cuentistas italianos.
Translations into English
Take Six: Six Spanish Women Writers, edited and translated by Kathryn Phillips-Miles and Simon Deefholts, Dedalus Books, 2022: Contains a selection of their stories in English translation.
References
Bibliography
Memorias de Colombine, la primera periodista () por Utrera, Federico. – Majadahonda: Hijos de Muley-Rubio, 1998.
Carmen de Burgos Colombine () por Bravo Cela, Blanca.
Carmen de Burgos, Colombine (1867–1932). Biografía y obra literaria. Tesis doctoral a cargo de Concepción Núñez Rey. Universidad Complutense de Madrid, 1992.
External links
1867 births
1932 deaths
People from Almería
Spanish women writers
Spanish journalists
Spanish translators
Spanish women's rights activists
Spanish feminist writers
Spanish suffragists
Women cookbook writers
Kollywood may refer to:
Tamil cinema, production of motion pictures in the Tamil language
Kurukh cinema, production of motion pictures in the Kurukh language
Cinema of Nepal, nickname for production of motion pictures in Kathmandu, Nepal in Nepali language
Olgay Coşkun (born 9 February 1984 in Susurluk) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Nilüfer Erdemli.
On May 31, 2007, they transferred to Gençlerbirliği S.K. from Karşıyaka S.K.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Susurluk
Turkish footballers
Karşıyaka S.K. footballers
Hacettepe S.K. footballers
Kartalspor footballers
Süper Lig players
Association football midfielders
A bottle is a narrow-necked container made of an impermeable material.
Bottle or Bottles may also refer to:
Films
The Bottle (1915 film), a British silent drama film
Bottles (film), a 1936 animated cartoon
The Bottle (2000 film), a Canadian comedy-drama film
Music
The Bottles, a 1970s pop duo
"The Bottle", a song by American soul artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson
"Bottle", a song on the album DAAS Icon by the Doug Anthony All Stars
Places
Bottle Beach State Park, a state park in Washington state, United States
Bottle Hill, a former place in New Jersey, now part of Madison, New Jersey
Bottle Hill, a community in Mishkeegogamang First Nation, Ontario, Canada
Bottle Hollow, Tennessee, an unincorporated community in Bedford County, Tennessee
Bottle Island, an island in Scotland
Bottle Mountain, a mountain in New York state
Hat Khuat (, "Bottle Beach"), a beach in Thailand
The Bottle, Alabama, community in Auburn, Alabama, United States
Bottle Lake (disambiguation), any of a number of lakes
Other uses
Baby bottle, a bottle used to feed infants and sometimes referred to simply as a "bottle"
The Bottle (etchings), 1847 series of etchings by George Cruikshank
See also
Bottle rocket (disambiguation)
Bottle tree (disambiguation)
Bottlebrush (disambiguation)
Bottleneck (disambiguation)
Bottlenose (disambiguation)
Bottler (disambiguation)
Bottletop (disambiguation)
Sex, America, Cheap Trick is a 1996 box set by the rock band Cheap Trick. It includes 17 previously unreleased songs (among them the earliest studio recording of the 1979 hit "I Want You to Want Me"), as well as the band's biggest hits. A color booklet is included.
Track listing
All songs written by Rick Nielsen except where noted. Many of the then-unreleased tracks would later also appear as bonus tracks on the reissues of the original albums on CD.
Disc one
Disc two
Disc three
Disc four
References
Cheap Trick compilation albums
1996 compilation albums
Epic Records compilation albums
May Gabat is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains of Inderta (2233 metres above sea level), it flows westward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River. The Gereb Segen reservoir has been built on this river in 2016, mainly for providing Mekelle with potable water.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 15 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Tributaries
Main tributary is Kalamino River which drains a large part of Mekelle; it joins May Gabat downstream from the Gereb Segen reservoir.
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 58 million m³.
Peak discharges up to 190 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 9%. As limestone is present in 28% of the catchment this runoff coefficient is less than that of adjacent rivers.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 373,000 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 1.8 grammes per litre, but may go up to 64 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 752 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the years 2006–2007. It is anticipated that the mentioned values have strongly decreased after construction of the Gereb Segen reservoir, because it intercepts water and sediment.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 48% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 33% in 2014). This vegetation could better slow down runoff in earlier times. On the other hand, five reservoirs intercepted already the floods in the headwaters and the runoff coefficient was smaller in 2014 (12% in 1935 against 9% in 2014).
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has also been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains along the river in many places; the farmers use motor pumps to pump baseflow water generated by seepage from Hiza'iti Wedi Cheber, Gereb Segen and Gereb Bi'ati reservoirs.
Transhumance towards the river gorge
The valley bottoms in the lower gorge of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Amba Aradam Formation
Antalo Limestone
Mekelle Dolerite
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Adigrat Sandstone
Natural boundary
During its course, this river passes through Inderta district.
In historical times, the Inderta Province was wider than currently, and May Gabat constituted the border between Inderta proper (capital: Mekelle) and Gabat Mellash, literally meaning "beyond (May) Gabat”, with Hintalo as its capital.
Trekking
Trekking routes have been established in nearby Dogu'a Tembien. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 18, through the southwestern mountains of Dogu'a Tembien, allows panoramic views on lower May Gabat (including Gereb Segen reservoir) and the river mouth.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
John Earl Haynes (born 1944) is an American historian who worked as a specialist in 20th-century political history in the Manuscript Division of the Library of Congress.  They are known for their books on the subject of the American Communist and anti-Communist movements, and on Soviet espionage in America (many written jointly with Harvey Klehr).
Early years
They were born on 22 November 1944 in Plant City, Florida.
Haynes received their undergraduate degree from Florida State University in 1966, and their master's degree and doctorate from the University of Minnesota in 1968 and 1978, respectively.
Career
During the late 1970s, Haynes served as a legislative assistant to Wendell Anderson, a Democratic Governor of Minnesota named to replace Walter Mondale in the US Senate when the latter was elected Vice President of the United States.
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union during the first years of the 1990s, sensitive archives in Russia began to tentatively be opened to scholars. In 1993, in their capacity with the Manuscript Division of the Library of Congress, Haynes became the first American scholar to examine the records of the Communist Party USA, housed in the former archive of the Communist International in Moscow.
Haynes was later instrumental in helping to forge a December 1998 agreement between the institutional forerunner of today's Russian State Archive of Socio-Political History (RGASPI), keeper of the Comintern documents, and the Library of Congress which led to the microfilming of the CPUSA collection and its sale to academic institutions.
References
Bibliography
Pseudonyms of Authors: Including Anonyms and Initialisms. Detroit: Gale Research Co., 1969. OCLC 642930477.
"The 'Rank and File Movement" in Private Social Work," Labor History, vol. 16, no. 1 (Winter 1975).
Liberals, Communists, and the Popular Front in Minnesota : The Struggle to Control the Political Direction of the Labor Movement and Organized Liberalism, 1936-1950. PhD dissertation. University of Minnesota, 1978.
Dubious Alliance: The Making of Minnesota's DFL Party. Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota Press, 1984. OCLC 10072296.
Communism and Anti-Communism in the United States: An Annotated Guide to Historical Writings. New York: Garland, 1987. OCLC 14413516.
The American Communist Movement: Storming Heaven Itself. With Harvey Klehr. New York: Twayne Publishers, 1992. OCLC 25201075.
The Secret World of American Communism. With Harvey Klehr and Fridrikh Igorevich Firsov. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1996. OCLC 30779937.
Red Scare or Red Menace? American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era. Chicago: Ivan R. Dee, 1996. OCLC 33208418.
The Soviet World of American Communism. With Harvey Klehr and Kyrill Anderson. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1998. OCLC 37187391.
Calvin Coolidge and the Coolidge Era: Essays on the History of the 1920s. (Editor.) Washington, DC: Library of Congress, 1988. OCLC 38426204.
Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America. With Harvey Klehr. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1999. OCLC 44694569.
Files of the Communist Party of the USA in the Comintern Archives. (Editor.) IDC Publishers, 2000. —Microfilm collection.
"The Cold War Debate Continues: A Traditionalist View of Historical Writing on Domestic Communism and Anti-Communism," Journal of Cold War Studies, vol. 2, no. 1 (Winter 2000), pp. 76–115. OCLC 90637039.
In Denial: Historians, Communism and Espionage. With Harvey Klehr. San Francisco: Encounter Books, 2003. OCLC 62271849.
Early Cold War Spies: The Espionage Trials that Shaped American Politics. With Harvey Klehr. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2006. OCLC 63171119.
Spies: The Rise and Fall of the KGB in America. With Harvey Klehr and Alexander Vassiliev. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2009. OCLC 262432345.
Secret Cables of the Comintern, 1933-1943. With Fridrikh Igorevich Firsov and Harvey Klehr. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2014. OCLC 861955213.
Sources
Jamie Glaznov, "An Interview with John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr," History News Network, George Mason University, December 1, 2003.
Victoria Phillips, "Reflections of a Neo-Liberal: An Interview with John Haynes," American Communist History, vol. 13, no. 2-3 (Aug.-Dec. 2014), pp. 85–151.
External links
John Earl Haynes's website, JohnEarlHaynes.org
Library of Congress
"SECRETS, LIES, AND ATOMIC SPIES", PBS Transcript, Airdate: February 5, 2002
Historians of the United States
Cold War historians
American historians of espionage
Florida State University alumni
University of Minnesota alumni
Living people
Historians of communism
1944 births
William Dugan may refer to:
Bill Dugan (born 1959), former professional American football player, offensive lineman
Bill Dugan (baseball) (1864–1921), American baseball catcher
See also
William Duggan (disambiguation)
Dugan (surname)
Sisid (International title: Pearl Diver / ) is a 2011 Philippine television drama series broadcast by GMA Network. Directed by Ricky Davao, it stars Jackie Rice. It premiered on May 30, 2011 on the network's Dramarama sa Hapon line up replacing My Lover, My Wife. The series concluded on September 16, 2011 with a total of 79 episodes. It was replaced by Kung Aagawin Mo ang Langit in its timeslot.
Production
Sisid was first launched as part of GMA Network's "nationwide dominance" plug and was originally set to replace Koreana starting 28 February. It was postponed because Jackie Rice, who plays the main character, did not know how to swim (as required by the show); they took swimming training and lessons before taping any episodes. My Lover, My Wife suddenly took out the time slot that was originally meant for Sisid.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Jackie Rice as Eden Cordelia / Pearl dela Vida
Supporting cast
Dominic Roco as Sigfried Zaragoza
JC Tiuseco as Ahmed
Marco Alcaraz as Chad
Rich Asuncion as Frida
Bela Padilla as Monique
Ian Batherson as Dexter
Ynna Asistio as Gina
Marc Acueza as Samuel Zaragoza
Angelu de Leon as Alicia Cordelia
Daniel Fernando as Hamil Cordelia
Alicia Mayer as Alona Zaragoza
Bembol Roco as Segismundo Zaragoza
Maricar de Mesa as Perla
Patricia Ysmael as Lovely
Leo Martinez as Ramon dela Vida / Leo Sision
Chanda Romero as L
Lorenzo Mara as Akhim
Bodjie Pascua as Ikong
Mailes Kanapi as Mela
Orlando Sol as Osama
Ozu Ong as Toto
Maria Rosario as Lira
Guest cast
Cris Catagenas as a fisherman
Mash Mojica as a fisherman
Jeffrey Luna as a fisherman
Enrico Reyes as a fisherman
Romeo Edgar Abaygar as Nato
Annie Revilla as a village woman
Chie Nicdao-Alvear as a village woman
Ratings
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Sisid earned a 17.9% rating.
While the final episode scored an 18.5% rating.
References
External links
2011 Philippine television series debuts
2011 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
Television shows set in the Philippines
Roy Lee Porter (July 30, 1923 – January 24, 1998) was an American jazz drummer.
Early life
Born in Walsenburg, Colorado, Porter moved to Colorado Springs when they were eight and began playing drums in rhythm and blues bands while a teenager. They attended Wiley College in Texas briefly, where trumpeter Kenny Dorham was a fellow student. They joined Milt Larkin's band in 1943, replacing Joe Marshall.
Career
After military service, Porter settled in Los Angeles, and their services were soon in demand by some of the pioneers of bebop. They worked with Teddy Bunn and Howard McGhee, making their first recordings with the latter. In 1946, they backed Charlie Parker on such Dial classics as "A Night In Tunisia", "Yardbird Suite", "Ornithology" and the unfortunate recording of "Lover Man".
Porter played on Los Angeles' Central Avenue with such bebop players as Dexter Gordon, Wardell Gray and Teddy Edwards, and in San Francisco with Hampton Hawes and Sonny Criss. They organized and went on the road with a big band in 1949 that included Art Farmer, Jimmy Knepper and Eric Dolphy.
During the 1950s, Porter was inactive as a jazz musician due to drug problems and returned to music only infrequently afterwards.
References
1923 births
1998 deaths
American jazz drummers
West Coast jazz drummers
Bebop drummers
Musicians from Colorado Springs, Colorado
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
People from Walsenburg, Colorado
Jazz musicians from Colorado
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Mirza Rafiuddin 'Raz' Baig (; born 21 April 1938) is a Pakistani poet. They published their first volume of poetry Deeda-e-Khush Khwab in 1988 and followed it with Beenai (Sight), Pairahan-e-Fikr (The Dress of Thought), Roshni Kay Khad-o-Khaal (Features of Light) and Abhi Darya Main Pani Hai (There is Water in the River, Yet),
Their recent book, bar bisat e Ghalib (200 ghazals in 200 Ghalibs Misray), was published in November 2021.
Poetry
Style and themes
Raz is primarily a ghazal writer.
Repeated usage of Aa'ina
Raz is noted for repeatedly playing with the Urdu word aa'ina [mirror in English] in their poetry, and integrating it into their work in different ways. Poet and reviewer Afsar Mahpuri notes in their article, "Rafiuddin Raaz – A dreaming poet," the "focal position and importance" that the mirror has been awarded over time, and presents the following partial list of couplets, containing the word aa'ina, by Raz.
Critical reception
Shafeeq Ali Khan calls them "a modern poet in every respect," and stating that "his feelings, emotions, observations and experiences are not traditional – they are, rather, a reflection of their own self and personality." Mehshar Badaiwani has called their work "a living example" of meaningful poetry, showing Raz's "poetical greatness."
Shan ul Haq Haqqi has written that, "Rafiuddin Raz's poetry contains both beauty off thought and beauty of style... [and is] successful throughout the body of Urdu poetry," while Aslam Farrukhi claims that "Poetry, itself, has picked Raz for its expression." Similarly, Athar Hashmi speaks of finding "the features of life" in Raaz's work, and Shabnam Romani of their "uniqueness", and their "eloquent [use of] language and civilized tones," saying that, "the raz (secret) is that Raz's poetry is new!"
Raz's ghazal has received widespread applause: Professor Najmi Siddiqui calls it "a fragrant puff of air that, having touched the fertile shores of classical tradition, gives life and lesson to the reader" and Mushaffiq Khwaja finds it "a custodian of the highest traditions of Urdu ghazal" which has "not only adhered to tradition, but taken it forward." Similarly, Hafeez Taib has praised them for opening "new horizons" for the ghazal, and saying that "his verses seem to beat with one's own pulse."
Comparison to classical poets
Raz is often compared to different Urdu poetry greats, including Ghalib, Meer and Yagana. In their article, Afkaar ki Taazgi [The Freshness of Thoughts], modern-day poet Afsar Mahpuri draws a parallel between Raz and classical, ghazal poet, Yagana, saying that "some of Raz's verses are close to Yagana's voice" because they "has not begun their poetry with romantic exaggerations, in which countless poets waste their lives."
Dr. Rasheed Nisaar, on the other hand, compares Raz to Persian-language poet Bedil and one of Urdu poetry's greatest philosophers, Ghalib, saying that Raz "possesses the same style of thought and beauty of narration as Bedil and Ghalib."
Honours
A book entitled Rafiuddin Raz: Shaksiyat aur Fan [Rafiuddin Raz: Personality and Art] was written by Naima Parveen, under the supervision of Sohaila Farooqi, and published as part of a study for a Master of Arts degree in Urdu in the Urdu Department of Karachi University.
In early 2010, the poet Zia Khan 'Zia' published a selection of Raz's poetry, titled Jamal-e-Hurf-e-Raz [The Beauty of Raz's Word]. It contained 125 of Raz's ghazalyat, as well as a lengthy essay on the finer points of Raz's poetry.
In January 2013, critic Gohar Malsiani published a 624-page critical analysis of Raz poetry, titled "Sukhan Ka Chiragh" (The light of Poetry). It discusses in detail the finer points of Raz poetry.
Raz has been the subject of various poetic tributes, including "Abhi Darya Main Pani Hai" aur Rafiuddin Raz ["There is Water in the River, Yet" and Rafiuddin Raz] by Sohail Ghazipuri, Pairahan-e-Akfaar [The Dress of Thoughts] by Dr. Abdul Manaan Tarzi, Kharaj-e-Tehseen (The Gift of Praise) by Khwaja Manzar Hassan Manzar, Azeez Dost, Rafiuddin Raz ki Nazar [For a Special Friend, Rafiuddin Raz] by Maqbool Naksh, Baleegh Andaaz [Sophisticated Style] and Roshni Kay Khad-o-Khaal Ka Shaa'ir [The Poet of "Features of Light] by Sadeeq Fatahpuri, and Rafiuddin Raz Kay Liye [For Rafiuddin Raz] by Junaid Azar.
Personal life
Childhood
Raz was born in Begusarai, India. Their father Fariduddin Baig's family belonged to Darbhanga, and their mother Hajra's to Begusarai, both districts of the state Bihar.
They attended BPHE School, Begusarai before switching to the Muslim High School Lehrya Sarai but, after their parents separated in 1945, was sent to live with their father's elder brother, Hameeduddin Baig. Unfortunately for him, Hameeduddin was not interested in educating him, and Raz had to work as a conductor and, subsequently, driver, in Hameeduddin's transport company. They continued, however, to persist in juggling their studies alongside the job, and finally passed their Inter-Commerce Exams from Quiad-e-Azam College, Dhaka.
1951 onwards
In 1951, when riots were taking place in the aftermath of the Partition of India, Raz migrated to Dhaka, then a part of East Pakistan, and declared themselves a Pakistani.
After the proclamation of Bangladesh, Raz was a prisoner of war from 1971 to 1973. They migrated to Karachi as soon as they were released, but found themselves facing much poverty. They switched between several jobs in an attempt to earn, from tutoring kids to working as a government employee. They eventually started a business with their commanding officer, Colonel Aakil Abbas Rizvi, and established themselves as a self-made and financially stable man.
They married Noshaba Khatoon in 1964, and has six children – two daughters named Naheed Anjum and Ambreen, and four sons named Tariq, Rehan, Saqib, and Waqiuddin – with them Currently, Raz holds a master's degree in General History, and has said that, more than anything else, it was an act meant to provide "moral support" to their children.
Books
References
1938 births
Living people
Poets from Bihar
Urdu-language poets from Pakistan
Pakistani poets
Pakistani people of Bihari descent
Boots Plata (August 17, 1943 – November 2, 2011) was a Filipino movie director and writer.
Early life and career
Born Marcelino Victoriano in Quezon City. Plata, who directed the 1999 blockbuster film Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko featuring Fernando Poe Jr. and Judy Ann Santos, had requested to be cremated. They had also asked for their ashes to be scattered in the Pasig River, according to long-time friend, showbiz columnist Ethel Ramos.
"Many are wondering why they chose the Pasig River; they must have had good memories of the place. Before they died, they also told their wife Dolor not to hold a wake for him. "What they want is to hold a party," Ramos told The Philippine Daily Inquirer by phone.
Plata created over 10 films, mostly during the 1990s. Their directorial debut was "Naked Island (Butil-Ulan) in 1984. They have also written two screenplays–"Bakit ‘Di Totohanin" (2001) and "Muling Ibalik ang Tamis ng Pag-ibig" (1998). They were a assistant director to Joey Gosiengfiao in the sexy film "Nympha" (1980) and acting coach to the cast of "Mano Po 2: My Home" (2003).
Personal life
They were married to talent manager Dolor Guevarra with whom they had two daughters, Jaypee and Anes Guevarra.
Filmography
Director
Dubbing Director
Dubbing Supervisor
Assistant Director
Associate Director
Actor
Writer
Acting Coach
Production Manager
Production Designer
Health
Plata had their left leg amputated on December 16 last year as a complication to diabetes. An online report said a tumor was removed from one of Plata's kidneys in 2007. However, biopsy conducted at the Capitol Medical Center said it was benign.
Cancer had already spread to their lungs and brain when it was diagnosed early this year, Ramos said. Plata refused to undergo chemotherapy two months ago, they added.
Death
Plata succumbed to cancer at the St. Luke's Medical Center in Quezon City. They were 68 and a diabetic who was diagnosed with lung cancer earlier in 2011.
References
1943 births
2011 deaths
Filipino writers
Filipino film directors
Filipino male film actors
People from Quezon City
Writers from Metro Manila
People with diabetes
Deaths from lung cancer in the Philippines
Burials at The Heritage Park
In the Roman army of the late Republic and the Principate, the ("broad-striped tribune") was one of the six military tribunes in a legion. Usually, they were a young man around the age of 20 that belonged to a wealthy family. Or they were friends with the legate. The position of was the first step on the .
Overview
The post was created by the Marian reforms. They were second in command to the , the legion's commander, They were also above the other five and later the . It was common for the tribunus laticlavius to be a Roman noble younger than 25. Usually around 20. They were commonly either part of the richest families in Rome or be a close friend to the legionary commander. It was also common for the tribune to have no previous military experience. The was part of the senatorial aristocracy and this is the reason why the was permitted to wear a purple stripe. It was common for the tribune to return to Rome and run for a political office, usually a quaestorship after two or three years as a tribune.The position was the first step of the traditional . By the middle of 250s AD, at the earliest, the post of the had disappeared from the Roman army, following the general trend of removal of the senatorial class from military commands.
See also
List of Roman army unit types
Centurion
Legatus
Primus Pilus
Decanus
Tribune
References
Military ranks of ancient Rome
The 2012 French Figure Skating Championships took place between 16 and 18 December 2011 at the Patinoire de la Cartonnerie in Dammarie-lès-Lys. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating on the senior level for the title of national champion of France. The results were among the criteria used to choose the French entries for the 2012 World Championships and the 2012 European Championships.
Senior results
Men
Joubert won their 8th national title.
Ladies
Silété won the ladies' title.
Pairs
Popova / Massot won their first title.
Ice dancing
Péchalat / Bourzat won their third national title.
Junior results
The Junior Championships took place from 24 to 26 February 2012 in Charleville-Mézières.
Men
Ladies
Ice dancing
References
External links
Results: Senior, Junior
French Figure Skating Championships
Figure Skating Championships, 2012
2011 in figure skating
A variable-length quantity (VLQ) is a universal code that uses an arbitrary number of binary octets (eight-bit bytes) to represent an arbitrarily large integer. A VLQ is essentially a base-128 representation of an unsigned integer with the addition of the eighth bit to mark continuation of bytes. VLQ is identical to LEB128 except in endianness. See the example below.
Applications and history
Base-128 compression is known by many namesVB (Variable Byte), VByte, Varint, VInt, EncInt etc.
A variable-length quantity (VLQ) was defined for use in the standard MIDI file format to save additional space for a resource-constrained system, and is also used in the later Extensible Music Format (XMF).
Base-128 is also used in ASN.1 BER encoding to encode tag numbers and object identifiers. It is also used in the WAP environment, where it is called variable length unsigned integer or uintvar. The DWARF debugging format defines a variant called LEB128 (or ULEB128 for unsigned numbers), where the least significant group of 7 bits is encoded in the first byte, and the most significant bits are in the last byte (so effectively it is the little-endian analog of a VLQ). Google Protocol Buffers use a similar format to have compact representation of integer values, as does Oracle Portable Object Format (POF) and the Microsoft .NET Framework "7-bit encoded int" in the BinaryReader and BinaryWriter classes.
It is also used extensively in web browsers for source mapping – which contain a lot of integer line and column number mappings – to keep the size of the map to a minimum.
Variable-width integers in LLVM use a similar principle. The encoding chunks are little-endian and need not be 8 bits in size. The LLVM documentation describes a field that uses 4-bit chunk, with each chunk consisting of 1 bit continuation and 3 bits payload.
General structure
The encoding assumes an octet (an 8-bit byte) where the most significant bit (MSB), also commonly known as the sign bit, is reserved to indicate whether another VLQ octet follows.
If A is 0, then this is the last VLQ octet of the integer. If A is 1, then another VLQ octet follows.
B is a 7-bit number [0x00, 0x7F], and n is the position of the VLQ octet where B0 is the least significant. The VLQ octets are arranged most significant first in a stream.
Variants
The general VLQ encoding is simple, but in basic form is only defined for unsigned integers (nonnegative, positive or zero), and is somewhat redundant, since prepending 0x80 octets corresponds to zero padding. There are various signed number representations to handle negative numbers, and techniques to remove the redundancy.
Group Varint Encoding
Google developed Group Varint Encoding (GVE) after observing that traditional VLQ encoding incurs many CPU branches during decompression. GVE uses a single byte as a header for 4 variable-length uint32 values. The header byte has 4 2-bit numbers representing the storage length of each of the following 4 uint32s. Such a layout eliminates the need to check and remove VLQ continuation bits. Data bytes can be copied directly to their destination. This layout reduces CPU branches, making GVE faster than VLQ on modern pipelined CPUs.
PrefixVarint is a similar design but with a uint64 maximum. It is said to have "been invented multiple times independently". It is possible to be changed into a chained version with infinitely many continuations.
Signed numbers
Sign bit
Negative numbers can be handled using a sign bit, which only needs to be present in the first octet.
In the data format for Unreal Packages used by the Unreal Engine, a variable-length quantity scheme called Compact Indices is used. The only difference in this encoding is that the first VLQ has the sixth bit reserved to indicate whether the encoded integer is positive or negative. Any consecutive VLQ octet follows the general structure.
If A is 0, then the VLQ represents a positive integer. If A is 1, then the VLQ represents a negative number.
If B is 0, then this is the last VLQ octet of the integer. If B is 1, then another VLQ octet follows.
C is the number chunk being encoded, and n is the position of the VLQ octet where C0 is the least significant. The VLQ octets are arranged the least significant first in a stream.
Zigzag encoding
An alternative way to encode negative numbers is to use the least significant bit for sign. This is notably done for Google Protocol Buffers, and is known as a zigzag encoding for signed integers. One can encode the numbers so that encoded 0 corresponds to 0, 1 to −1, 10 to 1, 11 to −2, 100 to 2, etc.: counting up alternates between nonnegative (starting at 0) and negative (since each step changes the least-significant bit, hence the sign), whence the name "zigzag encoding". Concretely, transform the integer as (n << 1) ^ (n >> k - 1) for fixed k-bit integers.
Two's complement
LEB128 uses two's complement to represent signed numbers. In this scheme of representation, n bits encode a range from −2n to 2n − 1, and all negative numbers start with a 1 in the most significant bit. In Signed LEB128, the input is sign-extended so that its length is a multiple of 7 bits. From there the encoding proceeds as usual.
In LEB128, the stream is arranged the least significant first.
Removing redundancy
With the VLQ encoding described above, any number that can be encoded with N octets can also be encoded with more than N octets simply by prepending additional 0x80 octets as zero-padding. For example, the decimal number 358 can be encoded as the 2-octet VLQ 0x8266, or the number 0358 can be encoded as 3-octet VLQ 0x808266, or 00358 as the 4-octet VLQ 0x80808266 and so forth.
However, the VLQ format used in Git removes this prepending redundancy and extends the representable range of shorter VLQs by adding an offset to VLQs of 2 or more octets in such a way that the lowest possible value for such an (N + 1)-octet VLQ becomes exactly one more than the maximum possible value for an N-octet VLQ. In particular, since a 1-octet VLQ can store a maximum value of 127, the minimum 2-octet VLQ (0x8000) is assigned the value 128 instead of 0. Conversely, the maximum value of such a 2-octet VLQ (0xFF7F) is instead of just . Similarly, the minimum 3-octet VLQ (0x808000) has a value of instead of zero, which means that the maximum 3-octet VLQ (0xFFFF7F) is instead of just .
In this way, there is one and only one encoding of each integer, making this a base-128 bijective numeration.
Examples
Here is a worked-out example for the decimal number 137:
Represent the value in binary notation (e.g. 137 as 10001001)
Break it up in groups of 7 bits starting from the lowest significant bit (e.g. 137 as 0000001 0001001). This is equivalent to representing the number in base 128.
Take the lowest 7 bits, and that gives you the least significant byte (0000 1001). This byte comes last.
For all the other groups of 7 bits (in the example, this is 000 0001), set the MSB to 1 (which gives 1000 0001 in our example). Thus 137 becomes 1000 0001 0000 1001, where the bits in boldface are something we added. These added bits denote whether there is another byte to follow or not. Thus, by definition, the very last byte of a variable-length integer will have 0 as its MSB.
Another way to look at this is to represent the value in base-128 and then set the MSB of all but the last base-128 digit to 1.
The Standard MIDI File format specification gives more examples:
References
External links
MIDI Manufacturers Association (MMA) - Source for English-language MIDI specs
Association of Musical Electronics Industry (AMEI) -Source for Japanese-language MIDI specs
Data types
MIDI
Dante Eugenio Poli García (born 15 August 1976) is a Chilean football pundit and former player. They played as a defender.
Club career
Born in Arica, Poli began their career with Santiago-based club Universidad Católica, with whom they won the Chilean Primera División title in 1997 and 2002. They went on trial with Manchester United in July and August 1997, and played in three friendlies for the club, but was not signed on a permanent basis. In 2003, they left Chile for Argentine side Nueva Chicago, but shortly after finally moved to Europe to sign for Greek club Skoda Xanthi. However, they lasted only a season there before returning to Chile with Unión Española in 2004. They moved to the Puerto Rico Islanders in 2005, where they finished their career, retiring in 2006.
International career
They played for Chile in both the 1993 FIFA U17 World Championship in Japan, where Chile reached the third place, and the 1995 FIFA U20 Championship in Qatar. In addition, they took part of Chile squad in both the 1993 South American U17 Championship and the 1995 South American U20 Championship.
At senior level, in 1997 they made two appearances for Chile in both the friendly match against Jamaica and the 1997 Copa América match against Ecuador.
Post-retirement
In 2009, Poli graduated as a football manager at the (National Football Institute), but they haven't practiced the profession.
Poli works as a sports commentator on both ESPN Chile and . Previously, they worked on the sports channels CDF and Fox Sports Chile.
Honours
Club
Universidad Católica
Primera División de Chile (2): 1997 Apertura, 2002 Apertura
Copa Chile (1): 1995
International
Chile U17
FIFA U-17 World Cup third place: 1993
References
External links
Dante Poli at CeroaCero (in Spanish)
1976 births
Living people
People from Arica
Chilean people of Italian descent
Chilean footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Chile international footballers
Chile youth international footballers
Chile under-20 international footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
Nueva Chicago footballers
Xanthi F.C. players
Unión Española footballers
Puerto Rico Islanders players
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Super League Greece players
USL First Division players
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Puerto Rico
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Puerto Rico
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football defenders
1997 Copa América players
Chilean football managers
Chilean radio personalities
Chilean association football commentators
Canal del Fútbol color commentators
The is a fourth generation main battle tank of JSDF produced by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force, entering service in 2012. Compared with other currently-serving main battle tanks in the JGSDF, the Type 10 has been equipped with enhancements in its capability to respond to anti-tank warfare and other contingencies.
Overview
The TK-X (MBT-X) project aimed to produce the new Type 10 main battle tank, to replace or complement the existing Type 74 and Type 90 main battle tanks that are currently in service with the Japan Ground Self Defense Force. Development began in the 1990s, and production was expected to start in 2010–2011. A prototype was revealed on February 13, 2008 at the Technology Research and Development Institute (TRDI) in Sagamihara. Heavy emphasis was placed on C4I capabilities as well as on performance, firepower, protection and mobility.
Design
Development history
In the early 2000s, Japan decided to update its tank force to better prepare for 21st century warfare. One of the most important requirements for the new tank is the capability of having a C4I (Command, Control, Communication, Computing and Intelligence) system.
After assessing the upgrade potential of current Type 74 and Type 90 main battle tanks, the Ministry of Defense concluded that there was not enough internal space for a C4I system upgrade on existing tanks. Therefore, the development of a new main battle tank capable of various future battle missions was necessary.
Armor
The use of modular components significantly improved the side armor compared to the Type 90. The Commander's Panoramic Sight was moved to the right and is located at a higher position than the Type 90, giving the commander a wide range of view.
The vehicle's armor consists of modular sections, providing the ability to mount varying degrees of protection depending on the mission profile and weight requirements. Vehicle weight is 40 tonnes in base configuration, 44 tonnes in standard configuration, and 48 tonnes in full configuration (fully equipped). The prototype featured in 2008 at TRDI weighed 44 tonnes.
Compared to the Type 90, the Type 10 is lighter. However, the weight of the composite armor has been greatly strengthened, from 1,380 kg to 1,940 kg for the turret and from 1,249 kg to 2,680 kg for the hull. In the penetration resistance test, APFSDS type IV (Prototype of Type 10 APFSDS) was used to shoot at full load from 250 m based on the Japanese Ministry of Defense standard "Resilience test method for armored kinetic energy bullets NDS Z 0012B". As a result, it is said that each composite armor module and mantlet achieved the required performance based on the required specification "Type 10 tank GV-Y120001E" for frontal protection.
The Type 10 tanks protection against 120 mm class KE is limited to the front of the turret and gun mantlet, and the front of the hull, except for the lowest part.
The Type 10 tank has additional armor to counter various threats.
Additional armor type 1 Mounted on the sides of the turret and hull. It is passive armor "A".
Additional armor type 2 Attached to the sides of the turret and hull. It is passive armor "B" (composite armor).
Additional armor For top surface. Attached to the upper surface of the turret and hull. It is passive armor "A".
Low-threat turret module armor
Low-threat hull module armor
The composite armor technology has been greatly improved compared to the Type 90, and it has become possible to make it with the same protective performance at a reduced weight. As for the basic armor, "nanocrystal" steel and triple hardness steel are used to improve the protection performance.
The upper surface armor adopts a lightweight bulletproof structure for the upper surface and can effectively respond to Explosively formed penetrators and the like.
Armament
Whereas the Type 90 used the same 120 mm Rheinmetall main gun as the Leopard 2 tanks, the Type 10 uses a completely new gun, developed indigenously by Japan Steel Works. The Type 10's new cannon can fire an improved round, the newly developed Type 10 APFSDS round, which is specifically designed for and can only be fired by the Type 10.
The Type 10 APFSDS round is composed of amorphous metals containing heavy metal particles. Lightweight ammunition is fired at high initial velocity (estimated 1,780m/s) due to high cavity pressure. The 120 mm Japan Steel Works L/44 has 640 MPa pressure and shoots a 7.8 kg projectile, while the Rheinmetall Rh-120 L/55 120 mm has 740 MPa pressure and shoots the DM53 8.35 kg projectile at 1,750 m/s. It is designed to penetrate hybrid reactive armor such as Kontakt-5.
The Type 10 tank can also fire the JM33 APFSDS (license produced DM33 shell acquired from Germany) as well as all standard 120 mm NATO ammunition. The Type 10 can load 14 rounds in the autoloader, 2 rounds behind the gunner, and 6 rounds in the ready ammunition storage; and a total of 36 rounds on board.
Electronics
The Type 10 tank is equipped with a C4I system (command, control, communication, computer & intelligence) called "10NW". This system can be incorporated into the JGSDF network to enable sharing of information among tanks in real-time conjunction with "Field Communication System" (FiCS), as well as connected to the infantry's outdoor computer network "Regiment Command Control System" (ReCS) to facilitate integrated military operations with the infantry troops.
Currently, the Type 10 tank is the only MBT equipped with the FCP (Fire Control Picture)-level C4I.
According to the specifications described in "Type 10 tank GV-Y120001E", it has the following functions.
The search range for each vehicle can be specified from the platoon leader's vehicle.
The detected target is collated with the database and automatically identified, and the distance, position, type, etc. are automatically shared within the platoon.
It is possible to instruct each vehicle from the platoon leader's vehicle. It is possible to instruct both concentrated shooting and shooting at individual targets.
The platoon leader's vehicle automatically knows where and when the vehicle under command is aiming.
When aiming, FCS collates with the database and automatically aims at weak points.
When landing, FCS will judge the effect from the landing position and enemy vehicle type, and if uncertain, it will recommend a re-attack.
Automatically track multiple detected targets, determine the threat level, and recommend to occupants.
Other features are as follows:
Continuously variable transmission (CVT) that allows the tank to reach 70 km/h forward as well as reverse.
An autoloader faster than that of the Type 90, allowing the main gun to fire continuously with an interval of about 3.5 seconds.
Hydropneumatic active suspension, which allows it to adjust its stance and absorbs recoil when firing.
Day/night sights mounted around the turret, providing a full 360° coverage as well as providing input to the C4I system.
Strategic transportation
The predecessor of the Type 10, the Type 90 main battle tank, was deployed only in Hokkaido due to the weight limit of roads and bridges in other parts of Japan. One of the primary purposes of Type 10 is to be able to deploy anywhere in Japan. Size and weight reductions have made the Type 10 six tonnes lighter than the Type 90, weighing only 44 tonnes. 84% of Japan's 17,920 bridges are passable for the Type 10, compared to only 65% for the Type 90 and 40% for mainstream western main battle tanks.
Development
The development costs as of 2008 are approximately JPY ¥48,400M (approximately USD $450M). Each unit is expected to cost approximately ¥700M ($6.5M).
The Japanese Ministry of Defense formally acknowledged the Type 10 in December 2009.
In 2010, the Japanese Ministry of Defense placed a ¥12,400M order for thirteen Type 10 tanks (unit cost: ¥954M).
These Type 10 tanks entered JGSDF service in January, 2012. Currently, there are 76 Type 10 tanks in service, with plans as of 2020 to order 12 more.
Export attempt
On 4 January 2014, sources revealed that Turkey was interested in signing a joint development deal of tank engines based on the Type 10's engine. The Type 10 tank boasts of high mobility, including a backward movement speed of . The engine was to power the Turkish Altay tank. However, negotiations broke down and the deal was "off the agenda" by March 2014. Reasons included Japan's stringent arms export ban laws, the intention of Turkey to attempt to export the Altay, and Japan's reluctance to license the joint engine.
Operators
Gallery
References
Bibliography
See also
Type 61 (1st generation)
Type 74 (2nd generation)
Type 90 (3rd generation)
External links
Development report of JSDF New tank (Japanese) 1 – Japanese Ministry of Defense.
Development report of JSDF New tank (Japanese) 2 – Japanese Ministry of Defense.
Development report of JSDF New tank (Japanese) 3 – Japanese Ministry of Defense.
New Tank – Japanese Ministry of Defense TRDI.
TRDI Official Photos of Type 10 tank #1
TRDI Official Video of TK-X tank
(Car Watch)
Main battle tanks of Japan
Post–Cold War main battle tanks
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries armored vehicles
Tanks with autoloaders
Military vehicles introduced in the 2010s
Fourth-generation main battle tanks
The following is a list of all team-to-team transactions that have occurred in the National Hockey League for the upcoming 2022–23 NHL season. It lists which team each player has been traded to, signed by, or claimed by, and for which player(s) or draft pick(s), if applicable. Players who have retired or that have had their contracts terminated are also listed. The 2022–23 NHL trade deadline will be on a date yet to be determined. Players traded or claimed off waivers after that date will not be eligible to play in the 2023 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Retirement
Contract terminations
A team and player may mutually agree to terminate a player's contract at any time. All players must clear waivers before having a contract terminated.
Buyouts can only occur at specific times of the year. For more details on contract terminations as buyouts:
Teams may buy out player contracts (after the conclusion of a season) for a portion of the remaining value of the contract, paid over a period of twice the remaining length of the contract. This reduced number and extended period is applied to the cap hit as well.
If the player was under the age of 26 at the time of the buyout the player's pay and cap hit will be reduced by a factor of 2/3 over the extended period.
If the player was 26 or older at the time of the buyout the player's pay and cap hit will be reduced by a factor of 1/3 over the extended period.
If the player was 35 or older at the time of signing the contract the player's pay will be reduced by a factor of 1/3, but the cap hit will not be reduced over the extended period.
Injured players cannot be bought out.
Free agency
Note: This does not include players who have re-signed with their previous team as an unrestricted free agent or as a restricted free agent.
Imports
This section is for players who were not previously on contract with NHL teams in the past season. Listed is the last team and league they were under contract with.
Trades
* Retained Salary Transaction: Each team is allowed up to three contracts on their payroll where they have retained salary in a trade (i.e. the player no longer plays with Team A due to a trade to Team B, but Team A still retains some salary). Only up to 50% of a player's contract can be kept, and only up to 15% of a team's salary cap can be taken up by retained salary. A contract can only be involved in one of these trades twice.
Hover over-retained salary or conditional transactions for more information.
July
Pick-only trades
August
September
Waivers
Once an NHL player has played in a certain number of games or a set number of seasons has passed since the signing of their first NHL contract (see here), that player must be offered to all of the other NHL teams before they can be assigned to a minor league affiliate.
See also
2022–23 NHL season
2022 NHL Entry Draft
2023 NHL Entry Draft
2022 in sports
2023 in sports
2021–22 NHL transactions
References
National Hockey League transactions
transactions
Philadelphia is the largest city in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia may also refer to:
Places
United States
Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, a county coterminous with the city of the same name
Center City, Philadelphia, the old city of Philadelphia before consolidation with the county
Philadelphia, Illinois
Philadelphia, Indiana
Philadelphia, Mississippi
Philadelphia (town), New York
Philadelphia (village), New York
Philadelphia, Tennessee
Other places
Ancient
Amman, the capital of Jordan, called Philadelphia during the Hellenistic and Roman periods
Philadelphia (Cilicia), a town and bishopric of ancient Cilicia
Philadelphia (Lydia) or Alaşehir, home of one of the seven churches of Asia Minor in the Book of Revelation
Philadelphia (Faiyum), ancient Egyptian settlement established by Pharaoh Ptolemy II Philadelphus in the 3rd century BC
Present
Philadelphia, Tyne and Wear, a village north of Houghton-le-Spring, City of Sunderland, United Kingdom
Philadelphia, Western Cape, a town in South Africa
Former
Philadelphia, Germany, a former village, now part of Storkow, Oder-Spree, Brandenburg
People
Philadelphia Austen Hancock (1730-1792), aunt of Jane Austen
Jacob Philadelphia, an 18th-century magician and mystic
Philadelphia Nina Robertson (1866-1951), Australian Red Cross administrator
Art, entertainment, and media
Philadelphia (band), a Christian metal band from Louisiana
Philadelphia (film), a 1993 film directed by Jonathan Demme, starring Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington
"Philadelphia", a song by Neil Young from the film Philadelphia
"Streets of Philadelphia", a song by Bruce Springsteen from the film Philadelphia
"Philadelphia", a song by alt-J from their 2022 album The Dream
Periodicals
Philadelphia (magazine), a regional monthly magazine published in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Inquirer, a daily newspaper published in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Plays
The Philadelphia, a one-act play by David Ives
Ships
USS Philadelphia (1776), a gunboat sunk in the Battle of Valcour Island
USS Philadelphia (1799), a 36-gun sailing frigate active in the Quasi-War
USS Philadelphia (1861), a side-wheel steamer used in the American Civil War
SS City of Paris (1888), a passenger liner named Philadelphia from 1901 to 1918 and again in 1919–1923
USS Philadelphia (C-4), a protected cruiser commissioned in 1890 and in service until 1926
USS Philadelphia (CL-41), a light cruiser commissioned 1937, active in World War II
USS Philadelphia (SSN-690), a Los Angeles-class attack submarine commissioned in 1977 and decommissioned in 2010
Other uses
Brotherly love (philosophy)
Philadelphia Cream Cheese, a brand owned by Kraft Foods
Philadelphia chromosome, a genetic abnormality that leads to chronic myelogenous leukemia
Philadelphian cricket team, a first-class cricket team from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, between 1878 and 1913
Philadelphia lawyer
Philadelphians, a 17th-century Protestant religious sect; sometimes called the "Philadelphian Society" or the "Philadelphia Society"
Philadelphia (Hasidic Dynasty)
See also
Filadelfia (disambiguation)
New Philadelphia (disambiguation)
Philadelphian (disambiguation)
Philadelphus (disambiguation)
Phillies (disambiguation)
Philly (disambiguation)
Leandro Ribera Perpiñá (born 2 August 1962) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
See also
Spain men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Water polo players from Barcelona
Spanish male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
"Judge Not" is Bob Marley's first recorded single, recorded at Federal Studios released on Leslie Kong's Beverley's Records in Jamaica in 1962 and on Island Records in the UK the following year. With a ska beat, Marley has a youthful voice, as it was their first recorded song. Headley Bennett performed saxophone on this recording. Though "Judge Not" failed to achieve much success, Marley was not discouraged and continued to record music. "Judge Not" was re-released in the Songs of Freedom album in 1992 as well as other compilations. The song was also covered by Sublime, and can be found on the box set Everything Under the Sun.
The song is about morality, and may have been based on the Biblical quote "Judge not lest ye be judged". Some of the song lyrics are paraphrased in the background vocals of the later Marley hit "Could You Be Loved".
References
Bob Marley songs
1962 songs
Songs written by Bob Marley
1962 debut singles
Song recordings produced by Leslie Kong
Songs based on the Bible
The Suicide Sessions is the sixth studio album released by American punk rock musician GG Allin, shortly before their arrest in September 1989.
The album was originally released on cassette in 1989, and rereleased in 1991 on Awareness Records alongside Allin's 1987 album You Give Love a Bad Name. The album was rereleased in 1997 on CD along with Allin's live album Anti-Social Personality Disorder – Live.
According to GG's frequent collaborator Mark Sheehan, they recorded "The Suicide Sessions" at their grandmother's house on East Merrimack Street, Lowell, MA. August–September, 1988. Sheehan said, "she loved to visit us while we've recorded these songs and really got interested in GG's persona and their dark humorous lyrics. They were pretty nice with her."
Allin later recalled: “The days were hot and nasty. I woke up in a pool of my own piss, sweating and stinking in my room in some seedy dive in Manchester, NH. Body odor, booze and death were always in the surrounding air. Tracy ´[his girlfriend] was in intensive care because of a suicide attempt...so was Jo Ann... For me death was around every corner. I went looking for it at any cost. Mark came by to pick me up one day to go to Lowell, Mass to record. What came out of these recordings were the Suicide Sessions... But on this tape you will hear the first blood of the recordings. The ones that never made the tape...or were rejected I'm not sure... So for hours Mark and I bashed and bled our very souls in a sweaty attack as I poured my interiors into every fucking breath. This is the outcome..."
At Allin's funeral in 1993, their brother Merle put a pair of headphones onto Allin's head, hooked to a portable cassette player which was playing this album.
Track listing
Although listed in the track listing, the song "Kiss Me in the Gutter" does not appear on this album. It would later be released first as a B-Side to "No Room" (both songs rejects from this album) and later than its own single.
Personnel
GG Allin - vocals (credited as "vocals, drugs, and abuse")
Mark Sheehan - guitar
Erik Mercier - bass guitar
Greg Gonarea - drums
Beth Burrow - credited as "victim"
References
External links
GG Allin discography
1989 albums
Homestead Records albums
Awareness Records albums
GG Allin albums
Marlene Olivia Harnois (born 22 October 1986) is a Canadian-born French taekwondo Olympic medalist, TV personality, philanthropist and a Knight of the Order of Merit, decorated by the President of France.
 They are a Champion for Peace representing the Peace and Sport Organisation under the High Patronage of H.H. Prince Albert II of Monaco.  They are also a member of the Canadian Olympic Committee, the European Taekwondo Union and a board member of the French Olympian Association.
In addition they are two times European Champion, World University Champion, a World Taekwondo Championships medalist and has reached the world number one ranking.
Highly involved in the development of sport in West Africa and mentoring young prodigies Cheick Cissé and Ruth Gbagbi, they contributed to the historical victory of the Ivory Coast at the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics.
In 2018, during the celebration of the International Day for Philosophy at the UNESCO, they were announced as the Ambassador of the International center for youth philosophy "PhiloJeunes".
In 2020, they earned an MBA Degree with honours from the International University of Monaco.
Honours
On 1 March 2013, Harnois received the distinction of Chevalier de l'Ordre National du Mérite, awarded by the President of France, François Hollande, at the Élysée Palace.
In 2018, they were decorated by United Nations peacekeeping forces alongside singer and philanthropist Akon for their contribution in Africa.
Charity work, endorsements and other media
In 2014, they founded in Abidjan, Ivory Coast the Fondation Heart Angel in order to promote education, culture and Sport in West Africa and support the youth in the realisation of their dreams. At the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics, Cheick Cissé and Ruth Gbagbi, athletes supported by the foundation, won historical medals. The gold medalist in taekwondo - 80 kilos, Cissé, became the first Olympic champion in the history of the Ivory Coast, and Gbagbi, bronze medalist in taekwondo -67 kilos, became the first female Olympic medalist.
In 2016, Harnois became a Champion for Peace representing the Peace and Sport organisation, under the High Patronage of Prince Albert II of Monaco. They actively promote peace through sport and doing field actions all over the world.
In parallel to their sport career, they obtained a BA in Journalism and Communications at the Centre de Formation de Journalistes de Paris, starred in an advertising campaign for Allianz with Ladji Doucouré and Blune with Mazarine Pingeot, and worked for various media outlets such as Eurosport, Canal+ Africa and France Televisions, covering the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics.  They are also involved with various foundations and is an ambassador for "Un Maillot Pour la Vie" and Fondation Heart Angel.
 They are also the Founder and President of the Caravan for Peace, a humanitarian action supported by athletes such as Didier Drogba, Ladji Doucouré and Daba Modibo Keita. The goal is to unite Champions to promote a message of peace and use sport as a tool for development. In 2017, for the first edition, the Champions visited villages in Senegal and launched water fountains near sports fields.
In 2018, during the celebration of the International Day for Philosophy at the UNESCO, they were announced as the Ambassador of the International center for youth philosophy "PhiloJeunes".
Beginnings
Harnois discovered Taekwondo at the age of four with their older sister Stephanie. Both enrolled in a neighbourhood club located on the south shore of Montreal. They earned their black belt at age nine and quickly stood out at provincial and national levels. In their youth, they also won competitions in other sports including a Quebec Championship in fencing (foil), and in handball (with the high school team of Pierre-Brosseau, where they were enrolled in sports studies program), as well as several snowboard competitions.
Taekwondo
Canadian Team
In 1997, in their first participation, they won the Canadian Junior National Taekwondo Championships. After three years of consecutive years of winning the National Championship, they made their debut on the international scene and won the 1999 US Open. At age 13, Harnois was selected to represent Canada at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Killarney, Ireland, and won the bronze medal. The Canadian martial art prodigy immediately gained international attention within their sport.
Journey in France (2001–2002)
As part of the International Francophone Solidarity program, the French Taekwondo Federation (FFTDA) offered Harnois the opportunity to join the French training center for the 2001-2002 sport season. The then 14-year-old athlete decided to move to Europe in order to reach their goals. In France, they trained at the Aix-en-Provence training center (CREPS) with Pascal Gentil (twice Olympic medalist) and Mamedy Doucara (welterweight World Champion 2001). They won the Francophone World Cup in the -67 kg division and received the title of "MVP, Best Fighter".
Athletic career on hold (2002–2005)
One year into the International Solidarity Francophone program, established by the FFTDA, Harnois returned to Canada and won the Korea Open in 2003.
Back to France (2006)
Harnois accepted a proposition made by the French Taekwondo Federation and moved back to France to train at the National Olympic Center. They joined the group led by Myriam Baverel at the Aix-en-Provence training center (CREPS) and won all the International Open Championships: the Mexico World Open, Dutch Open, Israel Open, Spanish Open, Andorra Cup, and Bilbao Open. At the same time, they pursued their scholarship and earned a certificate in physical education and a master's degree (bac+4) in sport management. In 2008, just days after receiving their French naturalization, Harnois won the European Championships in the -63 kg category.
Olympic preparation (2008–2012)
In 2008, Harnois joined the National Institute of Sport, Expertise and Performance (INSEP) in Paris to prepare for the London Olympics. Two times European Champion, World university Champion and medalist, they dominated the international scene and won the US Open, Russia Open, Israel Open, Paris International Tournament, and Deutsch Open, and medalled at the World Taekwondo Championships. They also won an Olympic quota for France at the World Olympic Qualification Tournament in Kazan, Russia.
2012 Summer Olympics
Harnois won a bronze medal at the 2012 London Summer Olympics. They beat Yeny Contreras in the first round, followed by Hedaya Wahba in the quarter-finals. They then lost to Hou Yuzhuo in the semi-finals. This enabled them to take part in the bronze medal repechage, where they beat Mayu Hamada.
Results
2012
2012 Summer Olympics in London, UK
2012 European Taekwondo Championships in Manchester, England
US Open in Las Vegas, USA
World Team Championship in Santa Cruz, Aruba
2011
2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzen, China
2011 World Taekwondo Championships in Gyeongju, South Korea
French National Championships
Russia Open
Israel Open
Tournoi International de Paris
2010
Tournoi International de Paris
French National Championships
2010 European Taekwondo Championships in Saint Petersburg, Russia
European Team Cup
2009
2011 Summer Universiade in Belgrade, Serbia
2008
2008 European Taekwondo Championships in Rome
Deutsch Open
2007
World Open Mexico
Spanish Open
Jerusalem Open
2006
Copa d'Andorra
Jerusalem Open
Bilbao Open
Also
Junior Taekwondo Championships, Killarney - Ireland (2000)
Korea Open (2003)
Francophone World Cup (2002)
US Open (1999)
Canadian National Championships (1997 to 2002)
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
French female taekwondo practitioners
French people of Canadian descent
People from Saint-Lambert, Quebec
Sportspeople from Montreal
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
Olympic medalists in taekwondo
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Knights of the National Order of Merit (France)
Universiade medalists in taekwondo
Universiade gold medalists for France
Universiade bronze medalists for France
World Taekwondo Championships medalists
European Taekwondo Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2011 Summer Universiade
The 9th Parliament of Kiribati is the current term of the House of Assembly of Kiribati. It was determined by the 2007 parliamentary election.
The 9th Parliament consists in 44 representatives, elected from 23 single-seat or multi-seat constituencies.
The parliamentary website notes that, although political parties exist, they are "loose groupings rather than disciplined blocks, with little or no structure. Members may change allegiance on a number of occasions during their tenure. It is also common for members to vote according to the special interests of their electorate on certain issues". Consequently, representatives' party membership is not listed on the parliamentary website.
Members
Below are the current 2016-2020, 45 Members of the Maneaba ni Maungatabu (MM)
The following are the previous years' 44 members of the National Parliament.
References
Politics of Kiribati
Political organisations based in Kiribati
Government of Kiribati
William Marshall Grange is Professor of Theatre at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln's Johnny Carson School of Theatre and Film. Their research publications are mostly concerned with the history of German-language theater and German-language literature. The author of over a dozen books, their most recent work was Cabaret (London, UK: Methuen, 2021).  They are also the author of numerous book chapters, articles in scholarly journals, reviews of both books and productions, and has presented dozens of papers at scholarly conferences both in the United States and abroad.
Biography
William Grange was born in Cincinnati and attended Thomas A. DeVilbiss High School in Toledo. During 1964 and 1965, DeVilbiss High School won two state titles and 1965 senior class president Randy Wertz nearly captured the state championship in tennis. The state championships awarded to DeVilbiss were in high school radio announcing (sponsored by Ohio State University) and in competitive patriotic speech (sponsored by the Sons of the American Revolution). Grange won the state championship in both contests.
Theatrical career
William Grange performed with the Light Opera of Manhattan and the Public Theater in New York while still attending Columbia University. They later acted with the Alabama Shakespeare Festival, TheatreWorks USA (New York), National Theatre Company (New York), Mark I Dinner Theatre (Florida), Haymarket Theatre Lincoln, and Nebraska Repertory Theatre. They have been a member of Actors' Equity Association since 1972.
Academic career
Grange graduated in 1970 from the University of Toledo with a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 1972 they received a Master of Fine Arts degree from Columbia University in New York City, with a thesis titled "The Role of Tusenbach in Chekhov's 'The Three Sisters.'" They received a doctorate from Indiana University in 1981 with a dissertation titled "The Collaboration of Carl Zuckmayer and Heinz Hilpert.".
Florida Southern College
At Florida Southern College, a small liberal arts institution in Lakeland, Florida and affiliated with the United Methodist Church, Grange chaired the Department of Theatre Arts and taught both academic and performance courses. They encountered difficulties with College officials when they staged the musicals Cabaret and Grease, because some considered the shows too racy for a Methodist institution. Their productions of Shakespearean comedies and dramas by Henrik Ibsen, along with the Humperdinck opera Hansel and Gretel with mezzo-soprano Beverly Wolff met with approval. College administrators were nevertheless pleased when they left Florida Southern to accept a position at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Marquette University
Grange chaired the Performing Arts Department and directed numerous musicals at Marquette University, a Roman Catholic institution in Milwaukee, Wisconsin affiliated with the Jesuit Order. Among them were Happy End and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum. They also directed new translations of dramas by Bertolt Brecht. They ran afoul of numerous Roman Catholic strictures at the Jesuit institution, though they published two books and several articles, and won fellowships from the German government and the National Endowment for the Humanities with full support from the Jesuit fathers. Other Roman Catholics, however, were glad when they departed in 1996 for the University of Nebraska.
University of Nebraska
At the University of Nebraska since 1996, Grange has published several books, scholarly articles, and received numerous international awards for their scholarship and teaching, including three Fulbrights and five fellowships from the Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst (German Academic Exchange Service). The Actors' Fund of America cited Grange in 2014 with its "Encore Award" for their "contributions to the acting profession." They have also received university awards from parents of Nebraska students. In the University's Johnny Carson School of Theatre and Emerging Media, they have taught mostly academic courses in theatre history, script analysis, film technology, and seminars on various film actors and genres. While serving as Chairman of the Graduate Committee in the Johnny Carson School, their colleagues elected them their representative to the Faculty Senate for several three-year terms. After terms in the Faculty Senate, they have served as a consultant for several European publication and institutional boards.
Honors
In 2010, Grange was Guest Professor at the University of Heidelberg; in 2007, they held the Fulbright Distinguished Chair in Humanities and Cultural Studies at the University of Vienna, teaching in German. They also taught in German during 2000-2001 as Fulbright Guest Professor at the University of Cologne.
They have received five research fellowships from the German Academic Exchange Service; the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center; the National Endowment for the Humanities; the Dorot Foundation in Providence, Rhode Island; the Mellon Foundation, the International Institute of Education, the Hixson-Lied Trust Endowment, and the Jane Harrison Lyman Research Trust Fund. They have twice received Seed Grants in the Humanities from the Vice-chancellor for Research at the University of Nebraska.
Publications
“Forum: Humour” German History 33 No. 4 (2015), 609-623.
“Oskar Blumenthal and the Lessing Theater in Berlin, 1888-1904,” Text and Presentation XXV (2004): 24-37.
“The Theatrical Concession System in Prussia, 1811-1869,” Theatre Annual 57 (2004) 17-40.
“Bernd Wilms and the Deutsches Theater in Transition,” Western European Stages XVI No. 1 (2004): 11-18.
“Promise Me Nothing on Heroes' Square: Marianne Hoppe's Twentieth Century,” New England Theatre Journal XIV (2003): 59-80.
“Foreign-language Comedy Production in the Third Reich,” Metamorphoses, VII (Winter 2001) 179-196.
“Theodor Lebrun and Industrial Comedy Space in Nineteenth Century Berlin,” On-Stage Studies XXII (Fall, 1999): 16-31.
“Ersatz Comedy in the Third Reich,” Text and Presentation XXI (1999), 17-29.
“Hitler's ‘Whiff of Champagne:' Curt Goetz and Celebrity in the Third Reich,” Theatre Annual 51 (1998): 15-26.
“The Blondest of the Blondes: National Socialist Paradigms for a New German Theatre.” New England Theatre Journal VI No. 2 (1995): 33-45.
“‘Tweaked Roman' in The Menaechmus Twins by Plautus,” On-Stage Studies, 1994: 18-27.
“Impulses Mirrored Darkly: Theatrical Images of Idealism in the Weimar Republic,” New England Theatre Journal I No. 1: (1989) 31-44.
“Heinz Hilpert: The Revitalization of German Theatre After World War II,” Essays in Theatre Vol. 6 No. 2 (1988): 137-146.
“Shakespeare in the Weimar Republic,” Theatre Survey XXVIII No. 2 (1987): 89-100.
“Channing Pollock, The American Theatre's Forgotten Polemicist,” Zeitschrift für Anglistik und Amerikanistik, Vol. 11 No. 2 (1987): 158-163.
Book chapters:
“Peter Stein,” in Great Directors, ed. Felicia Hardison Londré, London: Methuen 2019.
“Ersatzkomödien verhatscht,” in Theater unter der NS-Herrschaft, ed. Veronika Zangl and Brigitte Dalinger, Göttingen: Vandenhoek und Ruprecht, 2019.
“The Astonishing Career of Heinrich Conried,” Im Spiegel der Theatergeschichte ,Thalia Germanica Vol. 15, Ed. Paul S. Ulrich et al, Berlin: Hopf, 2015, 225-236.
“The American Tours of Marie Geistinger, 1880-1907,” Polen und Europa : deutschsprachiges Theater in Polen und deutsches Minderheitentheater in Europa, Ed. Horst Fassel, et al. Lodz, Poland: University of Lodz Press, 2005, pp. 226–236.
“Rules, Regulations, and the Reich,” Essays on Twentieth Century German Drama and Theatre, Ed. Helmuth Rennert, Frankfurt: Lang, 2004. pp. 196–201
“The Popular Repertory and the German-American Audience: the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee, 1885-1909,” Thalia Germanica Bern: Peter Lang, 2001, pp. 56–80.
“Ordained Hands on the Altar of Art: Gründgens, Hilpert, and Fehling in Berlin,” The Theatre of the Third Reich, Ed. Glen Gadberry. New York: Greenwood, 1995: 75-89.
“Choices of Evil: Brecht's Modernism in the work with Eisler and Dessau,” Brecht Unbound, Ed. James A. Lyon and Hans-Peter Breuer. Newark, Del.: Univ. Delaware Press, 1995: 149-159.
Books
Author, Cabaret (London, UK: Methuen, 2021). London, UK: Methuen, 2021. .
Author, The Business of American Theatre, Oxford, UK: Routledge, 2020. .
Author, Historical Dictionary of German Theater, Second Edition. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2015. .
Author, A Primer in Theatre History. Lanham, MD: University Press of America, 2013. .
Author, Historical Dictionary of German Literature to 1945. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2011. .
Author, Historical Dictionary of Postwar German Literature. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2009.
Author, Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2008. .
Author, Historical Dictionary of German Theater. Lanham, MD: Scarecrow Press, 2006. .
Author, Hitler Laughing: Comedy in the Third Reich. Lanham, MD: University Press of America, 2006.
Author, Comedy in the Weimar Republic: A Chronicle of Incongruous Laughter. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1996. .
Author, Partnership in the German Theatre: Zuckmayer and Hilpert, 1925-1961. New York: P. Lang Pub, 1991. .
References
1947 births
American male actors
Living people
University of Nebraska–Lincoln faculty
KEDD, UHF analog channel 16, was an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Wichita, Kansas, United States that operated from August 15, 1953, to April 30, 1956. It was the first television station based in Wichita, though stations could be picked up from nearby Oklahoma as early as 1949 with a high enough antenna. The station's studios were located at 2815 East 37th Street North.
The start-up of two VHF stations in Wichita put KEDD at a disadvantage economically, spurring the station to file for bankruptcy in 1955. The second of these stations, KARD-TV, signed on as an independent, and NBC decided in early 1956 to move its programs there, signaling channel 16's demise.
History
On February 18, 1953, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted a construction permit to C.W.C. (Durwood Theatres), a movie theater operator in Missouri and Kansas, for a new UHF television station on channel 16 in Wichita. It was the first such permit granted for the city, which had two VHF stations (channels 3 and 10) tied up in comparative hearings.
KEDD was expected to launch July 1, 1953, but it missed its planned start date by more than a month and a half as RCA was forced to make adjustments to the channel 16 antennae, the first such model it had manufactured. The station began broadcasting a test pattern on August 15, and regular programs started a week later on the 22nd. It was nearly three months before the first live studio show from the facilities at 37th and Hillside streets went to air in mid-November.
KEDD had a primary affiliation with NBC and was an interconnected affiliate; it also carried ABC programming on a secondary basis. In 1954, KAKE-TV channel 10 signed on as the first VHF station in Wichita itself and took the ABC affiliation, but KEDD remained with NBC. That December, the station dealt with a strike by engineers who were seeking to unionize.
In addition to network programs, KEDD produced several live and local shows. Children's program Bar 16 Ranch ran throughout the station's life. In 1955, channel 16 began airing Hi Fi Hop, hosted by KAKE radio disc jockey Dick Williams; this program outlived the station, returning on KTVH in the fall of 1956. There were also local news, weather, and sports programs. Jerry Dunphy started at the station in 1954 before being hired away by Milwaukee's WXIX in 1955; they later went on to a successful career as a news anchor in Los Angeles.
By 1955, the losses involved in running a UHF station with VHF competition were mounting. That July, Atlantic Television Company of New York filed to have a receiver appointed for channel 16. In response, KEDD filed itself for bankruptcy reorganization in a federal court in Topeka, where the company had been incorporated; it admitted to being $200,000 in debt. In November, the station posted a $43,804 check, which represented just 10 percent of the allowed claims of creditors, some of whom alleged their debts to be greater than what the company claimed.
In September 1955, a second VHF station appeared: KARD-TV channel 3. However, it initially operated without a network affiliation, except for a six-day period in October 1955 when KARD-TV was allowed to run NBC programs during a six-day outage of KEDD, its normal affiliate, after a section of transmission line had burned out. The possibility of a loss of NBC affiliation was also mentioned in the court case, with evidence admitted that a change of ownership could cause the network hookup to be lost. The obvious turn of events—NBC's move to KARD-TV, a VHF station—was announced on February 2, 1956, to take effect on May 1. The station signed off for the last time on April 30, 1956, due to the station's financial problems and the decision of NBC to move its affiliation to KARD-TV. Within four months, Hutchinson-based KTVH moved into the studios, which were used on a secondary basis. The Durwoods continued to own the site, leasing it to KTVH, until 1977, when the FCC ruled that it could serve as channel 12's main studio; at that time, the station purchased the property and expanded the facility.
The KEDD construction permit was canceled and call letters deleted in February 1957. The 1965 UHF allocation revision replaced channel 16 with channel 24; in 1966, a construction permit was issued for KWIS, a proposed Overmyer Network station that never came to fruition. Another UHF station was not built in Wichita until KSAS-TV started up in 1985.
References
Television stations in Kansas
Defunct television stations in the United States
EDD
1953 establishments in Kansas
1956 disestablishments in Kansas
Television channels and stations established in 1953
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1956
Seapunk is a subculture that originated on Tumblr in 2011. It is associated with an aquatic-themed style of fashion, 3D net art, iconography, and allusions to popular culture of the 1990s. The advent of seapunk also spawned its own electronic music microgenre, featuring elements of Southern hip hop and pop music and R&B music of the 1990s. Seapunk gained limited popularity as it spread through the Internet, although it was said to have developed a Chicago club scene.
History
Originally, seapunk started as a trend and an Internet meme on Tumblr in 2011. The term "seapunk" was coined by DJ Lil Internet in 2011, when they humorously wrote in a tweet on Twitter saying, "Seapunk leather jacket with barnacles where the studs used to be." In December 2011, Cluster Mag reported on the emergence of seapunk in electronic media and quoted Pictureplane, who described seapunk as "a mostly Internet-based phenomenon birthed out of the Tumblr and Twitter universes as a means to describe a lifestyle aesthetic that is all things oceanic and of the sea." Musician Ultrademon is also credited with originating the short-lived movement. They released an album titled Seapunk in 2012.
Musical style
Miles Raymer of the Chicago Reader described seapunk music as "a style of music that incorporates bits of 90s house, the past 15 years or so of pop and R&B and the latest in southern trap rap—all overlaid with a twinkly, narcotic energy that recalls new-age music and chopped and screwed hip hop mix tapes in roughly equal measure." According to The New York Times, seapunk music "constitutes a tiny music subgenre" that contains elements of witch house, chiptune, drum and bass and Southern rap. The New York Times also noted that some seapunk tracks remix songs from R&B acts such as Beyoncé and Aaliyah. In January 2012, an article about seapunk music was featured in the Dazed & Confused magazine. Katia Ganfield interviewed Lilium Kobayashi (a.k.a. Ultrademon) in the article, titled "Seapunk: A new club scene intent on riding sub-bass sound waves into the future".
Seapunk was said to have developed a Chicago club scene.
Notable seapunk artists include Azealia Banks, Grimes, Isaiah Toothtaker, Slava, Unicorn Kid.
Fashion imagery
Seapunks often wear bright green, blue, turquoise, cyan or aquamarine clothing, featuring nautical themes such as mermaids or dolphins, plastic Ray Ban wayfarers, shell jewelry, feathers, tartan overshirts associated with the surfer subculture, baseball caps, tie dye, transparent plastic jackets, and skipper caps. Symbols such as yin-yangs, smiley faces and references to the 1990s are also a part of the style.
Hair and makeup
Seapunks often dye their hair, and sometimes facial hair, with varying shades of turquoise, lilac, and sea blue. The seapunk styling was appropriated by several mainstream popular music and hip hop artists during the 2010s, most notably Kreayshawn, Nicki Minaj, Soulja Boy, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, Azealia Banks, Rihanna, and Frank Ocean.
Seapunk digital imagery and use of social networking media
Images featuring neon flashing colors and rotating geometric shapes floating above oceans of brilliant blue or green water are found on the pages tagged with a #Seapunk hashtag on Tumblr. Seapunk digital imagery draws largely from 1990s 3D net art. The asupervisorstioned imagery has given rise to other internet-based subgenres consisting of similar themes, such as slimepunk and icepunk.
Rapper Azealia Banks used seapunk imagery in their "Atlantis" music video in 2012. Singer Rihanna was influenced by seapunk in their "Diamonds" performance on Saturday Night Live in 2012.
Elements of seapunk imagery were claimed to have influenced designers such as Versace and Cartiergod's "Ocean Gang".
In other media
Precursors to the seapunk aesthetic are evident in the post-apocalyptic Kevin Costner film Waterworld, the background graphics in the Sega Genesis game Ecco the Dolphin, the 2007 video game Aquaria, the surfer gangs in Point Break with their shell jewelry, and the iridescent green and blue dresses worn by the mute mermaid Marina in Stingray.
See also
References
Society portal
Music portal
2010s fashion
Electronic dance music genres
Fashion aesthetics
Internet memes
Subcultures
Microgenres
2010s neologisms
Vaporwave
2010s in music
All Saints' Day is a Christian holiday.
All Saints, All Saints Day or Feast of All Saints may also refer to:
Art and entertainment
All Saints (group), an English-Canadian girl group
All Saints (All Saints album)
All Saints (David Bowie album)
"All Saints" (David Bowie song)
All Saints Record, a British record label
"All St. Day", a song by ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead from The Secret of Elena's Tomb
All Saints (TV series), an Australian hospital drama
The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day, a 2009 film
The Feast of All Saints (novel), a 1979 novel by Anne Rice
All Saints (film), a 2017 Christian drama film
Places
All Saints, Devon, a civil parish in Devon, England
All Saints, Wolverhampton, an inner city area of Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England
All Saints (Kettering BC Ward), an electoral ward in Northamptonshire, England
Allhallows, Kent, a village in Kent, England, named after its church
All Saints DLR station, a railway station in East London, England
All Saints, Antigua and Barbuda, a town on the island of Antigua
All Saints Estate Winery, a winery in Victoria, Australia
Schools
All Saints Academy (disambiguation)
All Saints Catholic School (disambiguation)
All Saints College (disambiguation)
All Saints High School (disambiguation)
All Saints University (disambiguation)
Australia
All Saints Anglican School in Gold Coast, Queensland
Canada
All Saints Catholic Secondary School, Whitby, Ontario
All Saints Catholic Elementary School, Markham, Ontario
Sports
All Saints GAC, a Gaelic Athletic Association football club
See also
All Saints Church (disambiguation)
AllSaints, a British high street retailer
All Hallows (disambiguation)
"For All the Saints", Christian hymn
For All the Saints: A Prayer Book for and by the Church, Lutheran breviary
Hana Andronikova (9 September 1967 – 20 December 2011) was a Czech writer.
Andronikova was born in Zlín. After attending high school in Zlín, they studied English and Czech at the Faculty of Arts of the Charles University in Prague. Both their novels, Zvuk slunečních hodin and Nebe nemá dno, were awarded the Magnesia Litera book award in 2002 and 2011 (different categories). They also wrote short stories and dramas. They died of cancer.
See also
List of Czech writers
References
External links
Hana Andronikova's profile in the online Lexicon of Czech Literature after 1945
Author profile in English on czechlit.cz
1967 births
2011 deaths
Czech women writers
Writers from Zlín
Deaths from cancer in the Czech Republic
International Writing Program alumni
Charles University alumni
Michele Savoia is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
This Time Next Year was an American pop punk band formed in Walnut Creek, California They released three EPs and two full-length albums.
History
Early releases and debut album (2006–10)
This Time Next Year was a pop-punk band from Walnut Creek, California. They lasted for about six years from December 30, 2006 until December 7, 2012, where they played their final show at Chain Reaction in Anaheim, CA. This Time Next Year takes their name from the album of the same name released by The Movielife. The band recorded a five-song demo with Zach Ohren and self-released it in 2006. In January 2007, they went on a short Californian tour with Robot Eyes. In May 2007 the band entered Nu-Tone Studios with producer William Samuels to record their EP A Place for You for Escapist Records. In June 2007, they appeared at Sincerity Fest. The EP was released in early Summer of 2007. In July and August, the band went on a tour of the U.S. alongside 2*Sweet and Anchorless. In March 2008, the band went ona West Coast tour with Thieves and Villains. In June and July 2008, the band went on tour with 2*Sweet and Fireworks. On June 16, the band made A Place for You and The Longest Way Home EPs available for streaming on their PureVolume profile. On June 30, a music video for "Alex in Wonderland" premiered through Alternative Press. The Longest Way Home was released through Run for Cover Records on July 22.
In October and November, the band went on tour with 2*Sweet, Anarbor and Fireworks. On November 18, it was announced that the band had signed to independent label Equal Vision Records. In the same announcement, it was mentioned that the band wasin the process of recording their debut album with producer Brian McTernan, which was planned for release in 2009. Alternative Press named This Time Next Year one of their "100 Bands You Need To Know in 2009". In early March 2009, the band finished recording their debut album. Later that month, the band went on a tour of the US with Fireworks. A Loss for Words, Title Fight and Transit appeared on select dates. In April, the band went on tour with Racing Kites, Sparks the Rescue and the Dangerous Summer. Following this, the band performed a handful of shows with the Swellers. In June, the band went on tour with A Loss for Words. While on the tour, the band was selling a 7" vinyl which consisted of "New Sensation" and a re-recorded version of "Alex in Wonderland". In July and August, the band supported Fear Before on their Pave the Forest Tour in the US. In October, This Time Next Year released their debut album Road Maps and Heart Attacks. Alternative Press has also featured the single "New Sensation" in their "Right Brain/Left Brain" feature.
Drop Out of Life and break-up (2011–12)
They recorded their second full-length album, "Drop Out of Life", in early 2011 with Chad Gilbert and Paul Miner, at Buzzbomb studios in Los Angeles, California. In October and November, the band supported New Found Glory on their Pop Punk's Not Dead tour in the US. In December, the band supported Set Your Goals on their brief holiday tour. The band were scheduled to appear on the January and February 2012 supporting slot for Four Year Strong's headlining UK tour, however, they had to pull out due to financial issues. This Time Next Year was set to tour Australia in April 2012 along with New Found Glory, The Maine and Taking Back Sunday. In October 2012, This Time Next Year broke up. Brad Wiseman then went on to perform as one half of the band Misser, along with Tim Landers of Transit.
Band members
Pete Dowdalls - lead vocals
Brad Wiseman - lead guitar, backing vocals
Denis Cohen - rhythm guitar
Travis Pacheco - bass guitar
James Jalili - drums, percussion
On their album "Road Maps and Heart Attacks", Aaron Seminoff is featured as a guest on Drums and Anthony Allio on Bass guitar
On their EP "Demonstration", Jay Scott is featured as a guest on Drums and Ryan Creamer on Bass guitar.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Videography
References
External links
This Time Next Year artist page at Equal Vision Records
Pop punk groups from California
Run for Cover Records artists
Equal Vision Records artists
Rijan () may refer to:
Places
Rijan, Fars, a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran
Rijan, Isfahan, a village in Kavirat Rural District, Kavirat District, Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran
Rijan, Markazi, a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran
People
Rijan (singer), birth name Rijan Nabaz or also known as Rajin, Danish singer Node of Kurdish descent
Grundy County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. At the 2020 census, the population was 12,329. The county seat is Grundy Center. The county is named for Felix Grundy, former U.S. Attorney General.
Grundy County is included in the Waterloo-Cedar Falls, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Grundy County was formed on January 15, 1851, and became self-governing in 1856. It was named after Felix Grundy of Tennessee, a statesman, Senator, member of the House of Representatives and Attorney General under President James K. Polk.
The first courthouse was built in 1861. The wooden, two-story building contained a courtroom, but was used for other purposes, including housing the office of the sheriff, county treasurer, the judge, as well as a chamber for the jury. The cornerstone for a second courthouse was laid on November 11, 1891.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.01%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20
Iowa Highway 14
Iowa Highway 57
Iowa Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Butler County (north)
Black Hawk County (east)
Tama County (southeast)
Marshall County (southwest)
Hardin County (west)
Franklin County (Northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 12,329 in the county, with a population density of . 96.97% of the population reported being of one race. 94.83% were non-Hispanic White, 0.40% were Black, 1.18% were Hispanic, 0.08% were Native American, 0.19% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.33% were some other race or more than one race. There were 5,465 housing units, of which 5,069 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 12,453 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,530 housing units, of which 5,131 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 12,369 people, 4,984 households and 3,583 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,304 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.97% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.02% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 0.48% from two or more races. 0.58% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,984 households, of which 30.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.80% were married couples living together, 5.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.10% were non-families. 25.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.
25.20% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.30% from 18 to 24, 25.10% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 19.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.10 males.
The median household income was $39,396,] and the median family income was $46,627. Males had a median income of $32,006 and females $22,003. The per capita income was $19,142. About 3.30% of families and 4.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.60% of those under age 18 and 5.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Beaman
Conrad
Dike
Grundy Center
Holland
Morrison
Reinbeck
Stout
Wellsburg
Townships
Beaver Township
Black Hawk Township
Clay Township
Colfax Township
Fairfield Township
Felix Township
German Township
Grant Township
Lincoln Township
Melrose Township
Palermo Township
Pleasant Valley Township
Shiloh Township
Washington Township
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Grundy County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grundy County, Iowa
References
External links
Grundy County, Iowa Official website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Waterloo – Cedar Falls metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1851
Portage Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,614 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the center of the county, it borders the following townships:
Center Township - north
Freedom Township - northeast corner
Montgomery Township - east
Perry Township - southeast corner
Bloom Township - south
Henry Township - southwest corner
Liberty Township - west
Plain Township - northwest corner
Two villages are located in Portage Township: part of Jerry City in the south, and part of Portage in the northwest.
Name and history
Portage Township was established in 1832. Statewide, other Portage Townships are located in Hancock and Ottawa counties.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
The Portage Township House is located at the intersection of Huffman and Mermill roads.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
"A Million to One" is a song written by Phil Medley and first recorded by Jimmy Charles and the Revellettes.
Chart history
The single, released by Promo Records (P-1002), peaked at number five on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Covers
"A Million to One" has been covered by many artists and some versions appeared on the Billboard Hot 100 (peak positions indicated below).
Patti Austin (1967)
Five Stairsteps (1968) – No. 68
Brian Hyland (1969) – No. 90
The Manhattans (1972) - No. 114
Donny Osmond (1973) – No. 23
Jermaine Jackson (1973)
J. R. Bailey (1977)
Selena (1986)
New Edition (1986)
References
1960 songs
1960 singles
1968 singles
1969 singles
1972 singles
1973 singles
Five Stairsteps songs
Brian Hyland songs
The Manhattans songs
Donny Osmond songs
Songs written by Phil Medley
MGM Records singles
Community Unit School District 20 may refer to:
Beecher City Community Unit School District 20 — in Effingham County
Lawrence County Community Unit School District 20
Jorge Signes (born 16 June 1960) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Harrison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,582. The county seat is Logan. The county was formed in 1851. It was named for ninth US President William Henry Harrison.
Harrison County is included in the Omaha-Council Bluffs, NE-IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 29
U.S. Highway 30
Iowa Highway 37
Iowa Highway 44
Iowa Highway 127
Iowa Highway 183
Iowa Highway 191
Adjacent counties
Monona County (north)
Crawford County (northeast)
Shelby County (east)
Pottawattamie County (south)
Washington County, Nebraska (southwest)
Burt County, Nebraska (northwest)
National protected area
DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,582 in the county, with a population density of . 96.78% of the population reported being of one race. 93.46% were non-Hispanic White, 0.19% were Black, 2.01% were Hispanic, 0.20% were Native American, 0.34% were Asian, 0.02% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.78% were some other race or more than one race. There were 6,665 housing units, of which 5,951 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 14,928 in the county, with a population density of . There were 6,731 housing units, of which 5,987 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,666 people, 6,115 households, and 4,304 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 6,602 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.69% White, 0.08% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. 0.72% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,115 households, out of which 32.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.30% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.60% were non-families. 26.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.20% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 27.00% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 96.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,141, and the median income for a family was $44,586. Males had a median income of $30,000 versus $21,663 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,662. About 5.00% of families and 7.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.70% of those under age 18 and 8.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Dunlap
Little Sioux
Logan
Magnolia
Missouri Valley
Modale
Mondamin
Persia
Pisgah
Woodbine
Unincorporated communities
Townships
Allen
Boyer
Calhoun
Cass
Cincinnati
Clay
Douglas
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
La Grange
Lincoln
Little Sioux
Magnolia
Morgan
Raglan
St. Johns
Taylor
Union
Washington
Census Designated Places and Unincorporated Towns
California Junction
River Sioux
Orson
Yorkshire
Beebeetown
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Harrison County.
† county seat
Politics
Harrison County is strongly Republican in presidential elections. Only seven Democratic Party candidates have won the county from 1880 to the present, the most recent of which being Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
See also
Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harrison County, Iowa
Old Harrison County Courthouse (Iowa)
References
External links
Harrison County website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Iowa counties on the Missouri River
Populated places established in 1851
Majdan () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Robert Emmet Odlum (August 31, 1851 – May 19, 1885) was an American swimming instructor. Odlum was the first person to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge, and was killed doing so.
Early life
Robert Emmet Odlum was born in Ogdensburg, New York, on August 31, 1851, the son of Catherine and Richard Odlum. They were named after the Irish nationalist Robert Emmet. Odlum was one of seven children, only four of whom survived childhood. Odlum's elder brother David served under the name "Charles Rogers" in the 8th Missouri Volunteer Infantry of the Union Army in the American Civil War, and disappeared after the Battle of Shiloh; it was never known whether they had been killed, captured or had deserted. They were the brother of women's rights activist Charlotte Odlum Smith.
Odlum was an expert swimmer as a child. After the death of Richard Odlum in the mid-1850s, the Odlums traveled to New Orleans, then to New York City, Boston, Detroit, Cleveland, and Montreal, Canada. They eventually settled in St. Louis. In 1860 they traveled to Cuba, returning to New Orleans from Havana on March 21, 1861, the same day Louisiana ratified the Confederate Constitution. In search of David Odlum, who had joined the Union Army, they traveled northward to Cairo, Illinois and Paducah, Kentucky, moving to Memphis, Tennessee in 1862. The Odlums, who had Southern sympathies but a family member in the Union Army, were trapped for much of the war in the hostile environment of Memphis, a staunchly Confederate city occupied by Union forces. On April 4, 1864, the Odlums' house in Memphis was torn down by Union troops to clear an artillery firing path. In 1865 the family moved to Mobile, Alabama.
Career
In 1869 and 1870 Odlum was a tea merchant in Philadelphia; they were also listed as a railroad conductor in the 1870 United States Census. They later moved to St. Louis, where they sometimes worked for their sister Charlotte Smith's Inland Monthly magazine. Odlum lived and worked in Chicago, Illinois in the 1870s. About 1878 they relocated to Washington, D.C., where they established a swimming school called the Natatorium. Odlum became known to Washingtonians by the title of "Professor". Among Odlum's pupils at the school were Fannie Hayes, the daughter of former President Rutherford B. Hayes, the sons of Presidents Hayes and James A. Garfield, the sons of James G. Blaine and General William Tecumseh Sherman, and one of Sherman's daughters. In 1880, on the Wednesday before the Potomac River rowing race between Ned Hanlan and Charles E. Courtney, Odlum swam the entire course.
Odlum improved the Natatorium in the winter of 1880-1881. The Natatorium's opening for the season in April 1881 was attended by Lucretia Rudolph Garfield, the wife of President Garfield, and other prominent Washingtonians. Odlum also added a gymnasium to the Natatorium.
Despite their success, in spring 1881 Odlum began to grow restless in their position. According to the biography later written by Odlum's mother, on July 13, 1881, they "challenged any man in the United States to swim them for from $250 to $500 a side", but no one would take up the bet. Odlum frequently exhibited their skill as a swimmer and diver for passengers on Potomac excursion steamers. On July 4, 1881, Odlum jumped from the wooden bridge at Occoquan Falls.
In June 1882, Odlum and aquatic adventurer Paul Boyton performed for an excursion party traveling from Washington to Marshall Hall, Maryland. At the Marshall Hall wharf, Odlum jumped from the top of a ladder on the deck of the steamer into the water. They were uninjured even though they entered the water at a slight angle.
Fort Monroe
After the Natatorium failed financially and was closed, Odlum was employed as professor of swimming and lifeguard at the Hygeia Hotel at Fort Monroe in Hampton, Virginia. On August 10, 1882, Odlum swam from Old Point Comfort to Ocean View and back, swimming against the tide in Hampton Roads for the last half-hour. While employed at the Hygeia Hotel, Odlum saved the life of "Sky" Colfax, the sixteen-year-old son of former Vice President Schuyler Colfax, as well as two other swimmers. Odlum, who had previously contracted malaria at Lower Cedar Point, contracted it again while at the Hygeia Hotel.
Odlum was a friend of Matthew Webb, who died in 1883 in an attempt to swim through the Whirlpool Rapids below Niagara Falls.
Death
On May 19, 1885, Odlum became the first person to jump into the East River from the Brooklyn Bridge that connects Manhattan, New York City and Brooklyn. Their motivations for doing so included the desire to demonstrate that people did not die simply from falling through the air, thus encouraging people to be willing to jump from a burning building into a net. Odlum also desired fame and the chance to help themselves and their mother financially.
On the morning of May 19, Odlum entertained a party of acquaintances at Paul Boyton's "Ship", including boxer Paddy Ryan, wrestler William Muldoon, and actor Henry E. Dixey. Paul Boyton later claimed to have learned that Odlum had visited the Church of the Redemptorist Fathers that morning and had gone to confession and received communion. The police had been alerted to Odlum's plans. Odlum sent two friends, James Haggart and a Mr. Cluss, onto the bridge in a cab so that Haggart could decoy the police by pretending to be the jumper. A tugboat containing spectators for the jump sailed to within a hundred yards of the bridge, with a rescue swimmer hired by Odlum on board.
Odlum jumped from the Brooklyn Bridge at 5:35 p.m. A strong wind was blowing when Odlum jumped and seemed to turn them slightly in the air. As a result, they struck the water at an angle, hitting the water with their feet and right hip. The rescue swimmer failed to act, but Boyton swam to Odlum in the water. Odlum was lifted into a boat and brought to the tug's galley, where Ryan and Muldoon assisted in resuscitation efforts. Odlum briefly regained consciousness, asking, "Is it all over?...Did I make a good jump?" Arterial blood began dripping from Odlum's mouth, causing them to ask, "Am I spitting blood?" Robertson, a friend of Odlum from Boston, reassured them that the fluid was only brandy. Without speaking further, Odlum began to hemorrhage internally. They died at 6:18 p.m., before the ambulance summoned by Muldoon and Jere Dunn could arrive. An undertaker's wagon carried Odlum's body to the rooms of William H. Kennedy, the Coroner of New York City.
The autopsy revealed that Odlum's spleen, liver and kidneys were ruptured. A deposit of tuberculosis was found at the base of their left lung. Odlum's first, third and fifth ribs were broken. The cause of death was determined to be concussion.
Odlum's funeral took place in Washington, D.C. Among the tributes was a floral representation of the Brooklyn Bridge, sent by Odlum's comrades from the Washington Light Infantry. The Roman Catholic burial service was performed by Father Ahern of St. Matthew's, whose homily paid tribute to Odlum's life-saving efforts. Odlum was buried at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Aftermath
Odlum's sister, Charlotte Smith, visited New York on May 28 and spoke to Coroner Kennedy, who denied responsibility for removing Odlum's heart and liver. Odlum's mother, Catherine Odlum, blamed Paul Boyton for their son's death. Boyton wrote Mrs. Odlum a letter disclaiming responsibility, which they also published in The New York Times and other periodicals. Mrs. Odlum subsequently traveled to New York City to see Boyton. According to their account, Boyton sent two men to see them who claimed to be a lawyer and a judge, and who warned them not to say anything against Boyton to avoid prosecution for slander. Catherine Odlum claimed that Boyton hid or destroyed letters and telegrams from themselves to Robert Odlum urging them to travel to New York and make the Brooklyn Bridge jump. They wrote a biography of their son, The Life and Adventures of Prof. Robert Emmet Odlum, Containing an Account of their Splendid Natatorium at the National Capital..., published in 1885.
On July 23, 1886, Steve Brodie supposedly became the first man to survive a jump off the Brooklyn Bridge, although it would later be alleged that Brodie faked the jump by having a friend throw a dummy from the bridge. The first confirmed survivor of a Brooklyn Bridge leap was Larry Donovan, who jumped the month after Brodie claimed to have done so.
Personal life
Robert Emmet Odlum never married. They lived with their mother and sister for much of their adult life.
References
External links
1851 births
1885 deaths
American male divers
American male swimmers
American people of Irish descent
Burials at Mount Olivet Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
Catholics from New York (state)
Diving deaths
People from Ogdensburg, New York
Sports deaths in New York (state)
Ou Ya Dav District () is a district in Ratanakiri Province, northeast Cambodia. In 1998, it had a population of 10,898. It contains 29 villages, which are located in seven communes.
Communes
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
The Law of Nigeria consists of courts, offences, and various types of laws. Nigeria has its own constitution which was established on 29 May 1999. The Constitution of Nigeria is the supreme law of the country. There are four distinct legal systems in Nigeria, which include English law, Common law, Customary law, and Sharia Law. English law in Nigeria is derived from the colonial Nigeria, while common law is a development from its post colonial independence.
Customary law is derived from indigenous traditional norms and practices, including the dispute resolution meetings of pre-colonial Yoruba land secret societies and the Èkpè and Okónkò of Igboland and Ibibioland. Sharia Law (also known as Islamic Law) used to be used only in Northern Nigeria, where Islam is the predominant religion. It is also being used in Lagos State, Oyo State, Kwara State, Ogun State, and Osun State by Muslims. The country has a judicial branch, the highest court of which is the Supreme Court of Nigeria.
The Nigerian Criminal Code is currently chapter 77 of Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 1990; it applies only to the southern, Christian-dominated states since 1963. It derives from the British colonial code introduced by High Commissioner Frederick Lugard, 1st Baron Lugard in 1904, became the Criminal Code of 1916, was included as chapter 42 in the 1958 edition of the Laws of the Federation of Nigeria; until 1959 it only applied to the northern states of Nigeria, but since 1963 it only applies to the southern states of Nigeria.
The Nigerian Penal Code, also known as the Penal Code of Northern Nigeria, is currently chapter 89 of the Laws of Northern Nigeria 1963; it applies only to the northern, Muslim-dominated states since 1960. It was originally introduced on 30 September 1960, derived from the Sudanese Penal Code, which in turn was derived from the Indian Penal Code.
Hierarchy of the Nigerian Legal System range
The Nigerian constitution recognizes courts as either Federal or State courts. A primary difference between both is that the President appoints justices/judges to federal courts, while State Governors appoint judges to state courts. All appointments (federal or state) are based on the recommendations of the National Judicial Council.
The Federal courts are: the Supreme Court, the Court of Appeal and the Federal High Court.
The State courts include: the High Court of a State, the Customary Court of Appeal of a State and the Sharia Court of Appeal of a State. Each of the states (currently thirty-six) is constitutionally allowed to have all of these courts. However, the predominantly Muslim northern states tend to have Sharia courts rather than Customary courts. The predominantly Christian southern states tend to have Customary courts and not Sharia courts.
Due to the fact that the Nigerian capital (known as happy town or The Federal Capital Territory, FCT) is not a state, it has no Governor. Its courts that are equivalent to the state courts have their Judges appointed by the President and are thus federal courts. The FCT courts are: the High Court of the FCT, the Customary Court of Appeal of the FCT and the Sharia Court of Appeal of the FCT.
Tier 1 Court: Supreme Court
The Supreme Court of Nigeria is the highest court in Nigeria. It is based in the capital, Abuja. The Supreme Court is mainly a court of appellate jurisdiction and is the final appeal court in the country. It also has original jurisdiction in State vs. State and State vs. Federal Government cases. The Supreme Court is headed by a Chief Justice who is assisted by other Justices. The appointment of the Chief Justice and Justices requires confirmation by the presiding Senate.
Tier 2 Court: Court of Appeal
The next highest court is the Court of Appeal, in Abuja. However, to bring the administration of justice closer to the people, the Court of Appeal has multiple divisions (currently sixteen) in various parts of the country. The head of the Court of Appeal has the title President of the Appeal Court. The President is assisted by Justices. Only the appointment of the President of the Appeal Court requires Senate confirmation.
The Court of Appeal is mainly a court of appellate jurisdiction, however it has original jurisdiction for presidential and vice-presidential election petitions. The Federal Court of Appeal is where the multiple legal systems (English, Customary and Sharia) of Nigeria converge. It is constitutionally required to have at least three Judges who are versed in customary law and at least three Judges who are versed in Islamic personal law.
Judgements from the tier 2 court can be appealed to the Supreme Court (the tier 1 court).
Tier 3 Courts
Just below the Federal Court of Appeal are the tier 3 courts. They include: (1) the Federal High Court and (2) the High Court of a stat e/FCT, (3) the Customary Court of Appeal of a state/FCT and (4) the Sharia Court of Appeal of a state/FCT.
The Federal High Court is based in Abuja. In order to bring the administration of justice closer to the people it has a division in each of the thirty-six states of the country. The Federal High Court is generally a court of original jurisdiction. However, it has appellate jurisdiction from tribunals such as the Tax Appeal Tribunal. It is presided over by a Chief Judge who is assisted by other Judges.
The High Court of a state/FCT is the highest English law court in a state or the FCT. The High Court of a state/FCT and the Federal High Court have similar powers. Due to the fact that there is a division of the Federal High Court in each state and that each state has its own High Court, there is usually some confusion as to which court is which. For example, in Lagos state, there is a Federal High Court, Lagos and a High Court of Lagos State (sometimes referred to as The Lagos State High Court). It is presided over by a Chief Judge who is assisted by other Judges.
The Customary Court of Appeal of a state/FCT is the highest Customary law court in a state/FCT. It is presided over by a Judge who has the title: President of the Customary Court of Appeal of the state/FCT and is assisted by other Judges.
The Sharia Court of Appeal of a state/FCT is the highest Sharia law court in a state/FCT. It is presided over by a Grand Khadi who is assisted by other Khadis.
Judgements from the tier 3 courts can be appealed to the tier 2 court (Federal Court of Appeal).
Tier 4 Courts: State Courts
The lowest courts in the country are all state courts (there is no federal court in this group). They include (i) the Magistrate Courts that handle English law cases (ii) the Customary Courts that handle Customary law cases and (iii) the Sharia Courts that handle Sharia law cases.
Judgements from the tier 4 courts can be appealed only to their respective higher tier 3 courts (e.g. judgements from the English law Magistrates Court can only be appealed to the tier 3 English law court (the High Court of a state/FCT).
Other Courts
Election Tribunals
There are two types of election tribunals viz.: (1) National Assembly Election Tribunals that deal with petitions from the Senate and House of Representatives elections and (2) Governorship and Legislative Election Tribunals that deal with petitions from the Gubernatorial and State House of Assembly elections. Election tribunals are set up by the President of the Federal Court of Appeal in consultation with the Chief Judges of the High Courts of the states, Presidents of the Customary Courts of Appeal of the states and/or Grand Khadis of the Sharia Courts of Appeal of the states.
Code of Conduct Tribunal
The Code Of Conduct Tribunal is established by the Chapter C15 Code of Conduct Bureau and Tribunal Act, No. 1 of 1989 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004 with commencement date of 1 January 1991, which "provide for the establishment of the Code of Conduct Bureau and Tribunal to deal with complaints of Corruption by public servants for the breaches of its provisions.
The Code Of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) shall consist of a chairperson and two other members, whose chairperson shall be a person who has held or is qualified to hold office as a Judge of a superior court of record in Nigeria and shall receive such remuneration as may be prescribed by law. The chairperson and other members of the Tribunal shall be appointed by the President on the recommendation of the National Judicial Council. The tenure of office of the CCT chairperson and members shall expire when they attain the age of seventy years.
A person holding the office of chairperson or member of the Code Of Conduct Tribunal shall not be removed from their office or appointment by the President except upon an address supported by two-thirds majority of each House of the National Assembly of Nigeria praying that they be so removed for inability to discharge the functions of the office in question (whether arising from infirmity of mind or body) or for misconduct or for contravention of the Act. A person holding the office of chairperson or member of the Tribunal shall not be removed from office before retiring age, save in accordance with the provisions of the section of the Act.
Judgements from the Code Of Conduct Tribunal can be appealed to the tier 2 court (Federal Court of Appeal).
Sharia
Sharia law (also known as Islamic law) is law that is used only in the predominantly Muslim north of the country. Sharia, meaning "way" or "path" in religious law of Islam, has been in Nigeria for a long time. Civil sharia law has been enshrined in the various Nigerian constitutions since independence. The most recent constitution came into effect in 1999. With the return of the country to democratic rule in 1999, some of the predominantly Muslim northern states have instituted full sharia law (criminal and civil). Full sharia law was first passed into law in Zamfara in late 1999 and the law came into effect in January 2000. Since then eleven other states have followed suit. These states are Kano, Katsina, Niger, Bauchi, Borno, Kaduna, Gombe, Sokoto, Jigawa, Yobe, and Kebbi.
List of acts and decrees
The following is a list of legislation and acts created by the National Assembly:
Acts of the National Assembly
The Bills of Exchange Act (1917)
Electricity Ordinance Act 1929.
The Anatomy Act (1933)
Electricity Corporation of Nigeria Ordinance 1950. No. 15.
The Acts Authentication Act (1962)
The Niger Dams Act 1962.
National Electric Power Authority Decree 1972. No. 24.
The Bankruptcy Act (1979)
Energy Commission of Nigeria Decree 1989. No. 19
Energy Commission of Nigeria Act 1988. No 32
Electricity Act 1990
National Electricity Power Authority (NEPA) Act 1990.
The Arbitration and Conciliation Act (1998)
National Electric Power Authority (Amendment) Act 1998. No. 29.
4th National Assembly : 1999 - 2003
Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999
The Criminal Code Act
The Penal Code
The Child Right act 2003
National Electric Power Authority Act 2004.
Electric Power Sector Reform (EPSR) Act 2005. No. 6.
5th National Assembly: 2003 - 2007
Border Communities Development Agency Act, 2003
6th Parliament: 2007 - 2011
Public Procurement Act 2007
7th National Assembly: 2011 - 2015
Federal Capital Territory Internal Revenue Service Act 2015
8th National Assembly: 2015 - 2019
Trafficking in Persons (Prohibition), (Enforcement And Administration) Act, 2015
Decrees of the Federal Military Government
Energy Commission of Nigeria Decree 1979. No. 62
Electricity (Amendment) Decree 1998.
NEPA (Amendment) Decree 1998.
Privatization and Commercialization Decree 1988. No. 25.
The Administration of Justice Commission Decree 1991 (No 55)
The Admiralty Jurisdiction Decree 1991 (No 59)
The Banks and Other Financial Institutions Decree 1991
The Central Bank of Nigeria Decree 1991 (No 24)
The Exclusive Economic Zone Decree
The Land Use Decree 1978
The Petroleum Decree 1978
Legal training
See Nigerian Law School.
See University of Benin
See University of Abuja
See University of Lagos
see University of Ibadan
see University of Nigeria, Nsukka
see Nnamdi Azikiwe University
see Afe Babalola University
see University of Maiduguri
see Nile University of Nigeria
Offences
See the following:
Assaults
Battery
Perjury
Insult to religion
External links
Resources on Nigerian law on CommonLII
Guide to Law Online - Nigeria from the Library of Congress
References
Law of Nigeria
Idiopathic interstitial pneumonia (IIP), or noninfectious pneumonia are a class of diffuse lung diseases. These diseases typically affect the pulmonary interstitium, although some also have a component affecting the airways (for instance, cryptogenic organizing pneumonitis). There are seven recognized distinct subtypes of IIP.
Diagnosis
Classification can be complex, and the combined efforts of clinicians, radiologists, and pathologists can help in the generation of a more specific diagnosis.
Idiopathic interstitial pneumonia can be subclassified based on histologic appearance into the following patterns:
Usual interstitial pneumonia is the most common type.
Development
Table 1: Development of the (histologic) idiopathic interstitial pneumonia classification
UIP=usual interstitial pneumonia; DAD=diffuse alveolar damage; NSIP=non-specific interstitial pneumonia; DIP=desquamative interstitial pneumonia; RB=respiratory bronchiolitis; BIP=bronchiolitis obliterans interstitial pneumonia; OP=organizing pneumonia; LIP=lymphoid interstitial pneumonia; LPD=lymphoproliferative disease (not considered a diffuse lung disease); GIP=giant cell interstitial pneumonia; HMF=heavy metal fibrosis, no longer grouped with diffuse lung disease
Lymphoid interstitial pneumonia was originally included in this category, then excluded, then included again.
References
External links
Pneumonia
Idiopathic diseases
Dickerson may refer to:
Places
In the United States:
Dickerson, Maryland, an unincorporated place
Dickerson Whitewater Course near Dickerson, Maryland
Dickerson Generating Station
Dickerson (MARC station)
Dickerson Middle School, a middle school in Georgia
Dickerson Chapel, a church in North Carolina
Other uses
Dickerson (surname)
Dickerson v. United States, a major U.S. Supreme Court case reaffirming the requirement of a Miranda warning
Abdul Buhari (born 26 June 1982) is a British athlete who competes in the discus throw. They were born in Nigeria.
Education
Buhari was educated at two state schools in London: at Millbank Primary School, a state primary school in the London Borough of the City of Westminster, and the London Nautical School, a selective boys' state secondary school in the London Borough of Lambeth.
Athletics career
Buhari is a member of the Newham and Essex Beagles club and is coached by Mark Wiseman. They work two days a week in the City of London, in operations support for investment bank Credit Suisse and spends the rest of the week training in Loughborough.
Buhari missed the 2010 Commonwealth Games due to injury. In 2011 they set a new personal best distance of . They won the UK Trials and Championships with a throw of , qualifying for the 2011 World Championships, held in Daegu, South Korea in the process. At the Championships they had the best throw of in the qualifying round, finishing 30th out of the competing athletes and failing to advance to the final.
Buhari represented Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki, Finland, but failed to reach the discus final. At the 2012 GB Olympic Athletics Trials on 24 June in Birmingham, Buhari finished third with the best throw of ; Lawrence Okoye won the event with a throw of , securing automatic selection for the 2012 Olympics, and Brett Morse finished second with the best of . In July 2012 they achieved the Olympic 'A' qualifying standard with a throw of at a meeting in Barnet, London.
Buhari was selected to compete for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's discus alongside compatriots Lawrence Okoye and Brett Morse. The event was held at the Olympic Stadium on 6–7 August and Buhari finished in 29th, missing out on the final.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
British male discus throwers
Nigerian male discus throwers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Great Britain
Nigerian emigrants to the United Kingdom
An Administrative Monetary Penalty is a civil penalty imposed by a regulator for a contravention of an Act, regulation or by-law. It is issued upon discovery of an unlawful event, and is due and payable subject only to any rights of review that may be available under the AMP's implementing scheme. It is regulatory in nature, rather than criminal, and is intended to secure compliance with a regulatory scheme, and it can be employed with the use of other administrative sanctions, such as demerit points and license suspensions.
Nature
AMPs differ from ordinary fines, such as those for parking tickets, in that, under the relevant legislation:
the AMP applies to a narrower segment of the general population (for example, a regulated industry);
imposing an AMP involves a number of steps, for instance, the person may first be given a warning and/or an opportunity to address the statutory decision-maker's concerns (that is, to comply with the scheme);
the decision to impose an AMP is made by a senior official such as a Director or a person designated by that Director;
the criteria to guide the determination whether to impose and how to set the amount of an AMP is set out;
within those criteria, the person empowered to levy the penalty may be given significant discretion to decide whether to impose an AMP and to determine the appropriate amount of the AMP; and
the reconsideration or review/appeal of an AMP by the statutory decision-maker and/or an independent, specialized tribunalis allowed.
AMPs by jurisdiction
United Kingdom
Legislation enabling general schemes of fixed and variable monetary penaltiesin addition to other sanctionshas been introduced through Part 3 of the Regulatory Enforcement and Sanctions Act 2008.
Under the Road Traffic Act 1991and subsequently expanded under part 6 of the Traffic Management Act 2004AMPs known as "penalty charge notices" have replaced fixed penalty notices where local authorities have adopted schemes of decriminalised parking enforcement. In some areas such as London, the challenge process for PCNs can be completed online, via the Internet.
Canada
In Guindon v Canada, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that AMPs are generally considered to be administrative in nature and thus not subject to the legal protections provided under s.11 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. They are held not to arise from criminal proceedings, as "the purpose ... is to promote honesty and deter gross negligence" and "it is rational that the state would only wish to impose a penalty on those who engage in misconduct knowingly, recklessly, or with a particular intention." They also do not attract a true penal consequence, as "high administrative monetary penalties [are] required to encourage compliance with the administrative regime. The relevant question is not the amount of the penalty in absolute terms, it is whether the amount serves regulatory rather than penal purposes."
However, normal standards of judicial review continue to apply. In Guindon, the Federal Court of Appeal provided more guidance in its judgment as to when an administrative penalty would be considered disproportionate. The Ontario Court of Appeal has given a reasoned evaluation for a monetary penalty that arose from a securities proceeding, and the Administrative Tribunal of Quebec has recognized that a person can bring forward the "reasonable, prudent and diligent person" defence that exists in civil law against the imposition of AMPs.
The Government of Canada has introduced various AMP schemes on a sector-by-sector basis,<ref>including the Aeronautics Act, the Customs Act, the Income Tax Act, the Employment Insurance Act and the
Agriculture and Agri-Food Administrative Monetary Penalties Act</ref> although some agencies prefer to pursue ticketing schemes for specified summary offences, notably under the Contraventions Act.
Ontario is considering creating a new AMP system to address minor offences that are currently prosecuted under its Provincial Offences Act''. The Attorney General of Ontario has requested input into the new system being proposed. In response, some have suggested that, with proper planning, an online system would be more cost-efficient and promote easier access to justice for people in rural areas and for those with language barriers. However, some people fear that a new system will be cumbersome and will not allow access to justice.
Further reading
References
Judicial remedies
Punishments
Phtheochroa tubulata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Uzbekistan.
References
Moths described in 1997
Phtheochroa
The women's 50m backstroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12 and 18 June.
Medalists
Results
S2
S3
Final
Eight swimmers from six nations took part.
S4
Final
Seven swimmers from seven nations took part.
S5
Final
Eight swimmers from seven nations took part.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Comana is a commune in Giurgiu County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Comana, Vlad Țepeș, Budeni, Falaștoaca and Grădiștea. The commune is approximately 32 kilometers (20 miles) south of Bucharest.
Comana Monastery is located in the commune, as is Comana Nature Park, the largest protected area in southern Romania.
On the night of 6 to 7 of May 1944 a British bomber crash-landed at Comana. The aircrew were killed.
Natives
Marian Munteanu
Eugen Nicolăescu
Gelu Naum had a retreat at Comana
References
Communes in Giurgiu County
Localities in Muntenia
Important Bird Areas of Romania
The Maple Leaf 45 is a Canadian sailboat that was designed by Stan Huntingford as a cruiser and first built in 1985.
Production
The design was built by Cooper Enterprises in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, starting in 1985, but the company went out of business in 1990 and it is now out of production.
Design
The Maple Leaf 45 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fibreglass, with wood trim. The hull has a foam core, while the deck is balsa-cored. The boat has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a reverse transom, a skeg-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel mounted in a mid-cockpit and a fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel.
The boat is fitted with a diesel engine of for docking and manoeuvring. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has sleeping accommodation for seven people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin, a drop-down dinette table and a straight settee in the main cabin and an aft cabin with a double berth. The galley is located on the port side just forward of the companionway ladder. The galley is "U"-shaped and is equipped with a three-burner stove, ice box and a double sink. A navigation station is opposite the galley, on the starboard side. There are two heads, one just aft of the bow cabin on the port side and one on the port side in the aft cabin.
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by Stan Huntingford
Sailboat types built by Cooper Enterprises
Events in the year 1968 in Taiwan, Republic of China. This year is numbered Minguo 57 according to the official Republic of China calendar.
Incumbents
President – Chiang Kai-shek
Vice President – Yen Chia-kan
Premier – Yen Chia-kan
Vice Premier – Huang Shao-ku
Events
May
9 May – The establishment of Institute of Nuclear Energy Research in Longtan Township, Taoyuan County.
July
18 July – The commissioning of Unit 1 of Linkou Power Plant in Taipei County.
September
1 September – The establishment of Evergreen Marine.
3 September – The establishment of China Television.
Births
14 January – Wu Bai, rock singer and songwriter
6 July – Chen Kuei-jen, manager of Chinese Taipei national football team (2013-2016)
8 June – Liu Chien-sin, acting Secretary-General to the President (2016–2017)
13 August – Stephanie Shiao, actor, model, singer and writer
12 October – Hsu Chen-wei, Magistrate of Hualien County
21 October – Lee Kang-sheng, actor, film director and screenwriter
31 October – Kao Su-po, Minister of Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission (2008-2011)
1 November – Chen Chao-jung, actor
References
Years of the 20th century in Taiwan
The Shanghai Municipal Prison Administration () is an agency of the Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Justice of Shanghai, China, a direct-controlled municipality.
Prisons
Shanghai Women's Prison
References
External links
Shanghai Municipal Prison Administration
Politics of Shanghai
Provincial-level prison administrative bureaux in China
Borrisokane forest in County Tipperary extends from the R445 road northward to Portumna and from Lough Derg to the County Offaly border. The forest consists of several widely dispersed small areas of woodland centred on Borrisokane. Coillte, the state sponsored forestry company, manages the forest which includes plantations at Annagh (Birr), Annagh (Portumna), Ballyquirk, Clonfinane, Coolbaun, Cowbaun, Croghan, Crotta, Curraghglass, Derrybreen, Garraunorish, Kilcunnahin Beg, Kilcunnahin More, Killurane, Knockanacree near Cloghjordan, Kilbarron, Laghile, Minchins, Muckloon, Newlawn, Shanakill, Skehanagh (a farm partnership), Sopwell woods and Turravoghan. A weekly 5km Parkrun takes place in the Knockanacree section of the forest.
References
Forests and woodlands of the Republic of Ireland
Geography of County Tipperary
Borrisokane
"Anymore" is a song performed by English group Goldfrapp from their seventh studio album Silver Eye (2017). It was released as a CD single and digital download on 23 January 2017 through Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton. The song incorporates several genres, including dance-pop, electronica and synth-pop, and takes influence from disco and glitch music. Critics noticed similarities between "Anymore" and the music from their 2003 album Black Cherry. Lyrically, Goldfrapp sings in robotic vocals about romance, which one critic felt referenced their 2005 single "Ooh La La".
Critically, "Anymore" drew a generally positive response from music critics. Several reviewers noted the strength of the single as an album opener on Silver Eye. However, some critics found the track to be mediocre when compared with Goldfrapp's previous material. An accompanying music video for the song directed by Mary Calderwell was released on 9 February 2017 and filmed on the island of Fuerteventura. Featuring Alison Goldfrapp and a group of background dancers, they perform various choreography in the desert amidst an empty background. The accompanying videos for Goldfrapp's later singles from Silver Eye serve as a continuation of the one for "Anymore".
Background and release
"Anymore" was released on 23 January 2017 as the lead single from Goldfrapp's seventh studio album Silver Eye (2017). A CD single featuring the radio edit and album version of the song was also released exclusively in the United Kingdom. It was written and produced by members Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory with The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton serving as additional producers.
On 24 February 2017, Mute Records issued a digital EP that included four remixes of "Anymore" created by disc jockeys Danny Dove and Joe Goddard. While creating the mixes, Goddard claimed that they were inspired by the music of LFO and Supermayer in order to create "tense and chaotic" remixes of the single. Referring to Goddard's remixes of the song, David Renshaw from The Fader called Goldfrapp's vocals "haunting" and the reworked song a "taut and powerful techno workout".
Composition and lyrics
"Anymore" is a dance-pop and electronica song that features Goldfrapp's signature "pop-leaning vocals". In addition, it has also been described by Vanyalands Michael Marotta as a synth-pop song that takes influence from the disco and glitch genres, which Eugenie Johnson from DIY considered as the group cementing their position in the "electronic territory". Regarding the vocals, PopMatters Steve Horowitz considered them "light" when surrounded by a rhythm consisting of "harder industrial sounds"; Paul Carr from the same publication noted that Goldfrapp returned to an electroclash sound with "Anymore", also pointing out their use of synths on the track. Agreeing with Horowitz's analysis of it being "industrial", Chris White of musicOMH noted its dance rhythm stemming from a "pulsating, industrial beat". Anna Gaca from Spin compared its dance-styled production to the group's 2003 album Black Cherry and early Madonna songs. In a similar claim, Under the Radars Matt Raven felt it resembled their albums Black Cherry and Supernature (2005). The "boomeranging riffs and whistles" found in the song's production was compared to those created by William Orbit for Madonna's 1998 song "Ray of Light" by Gaca.
In the lyrics, Goldfrapp and Gregory write about the passion found in romance and love; the former sings, "I want your love / All of the time" during a "slippery bass synth" sound in the production. Opening the song, they demand, "You're what I want / You're what I need / Give me your love / Make me a freak". Goldfrapp sings with robotic, or "android"-like, vocals and moans, "Ooh, connect me / Ooh, to the other side". The asupervisorstioned lyrics were also considered similar to the ones in their 2005 song "Ooh La La".
Critical reception
Upon release, "Anymore" received a mixed to positive response from music critics. Several critics noted that the track serves as a strong opener for Silver Eye. David Chiu from Consequence of Sound described the song as an "outstanding opening track" for "fans who have been waiting for Goldfrapp to somehow get back to their dance club roots". Agreeing, Daryl Easlea, writing for Record Collector, labelled it as the "perfect opener". In the album review for Silver Eye, AllMusic's Heather Phares claimed that "Anymore" was a "quintessential" track and noted how the duo tends to open their albums in similar manners. A group of critics from PopMatters reviewed the recording in their "Singles Going Steady" column; Adriane Pontecorvo from the publication stated that although it "isn't breaking any barriers", it "makes no apologies" and "promises a good time". Chris Ingalls thought similarly and said, "'Anymore' won't change your life, but it'll get stuck in your head for the better part of the morning". And finally, Andrew Paschal was more mixed to the track, awarding it five out of ten stars, and claiming that the track is "fun" but overall found it to be too predictable.
Music video
A music video for "Anymore" was released on 9 February 2017. It was produced by Mary Calderwell and filmed on Fuerteventura. In the clip, Goldfrapp and a group of female dancers perform choreography in the desert; according to Ben Kaye from Consequence of Sound, the setting of the video "evokes a strange anxiety" in the viewer due to the "emptiness" of the surroundings. Spins Gaca also reviewed the song's video and claimed that it "could easily double as an avant-garde couture campaign". The official music video for "Systemagic", the second single from the parent album, also uses the same dancers from the "Anymore" music video but in a "decidedly less sunny" setting.
Track listings and formats
Digital download
"Anymore" – 3:54
Remixes digital EP
"Anymore" (Joe Goddard Remix Edit) – 3:29
"Anymore" (Danny Dove Remix Edit) – 3:32
"Anymore" (Joe Goddard Remix) – 6:13
"Anymore" (Danny Dove Remix) – 5:48
United Kingdom CD
"Anymore" (Radio Edit) – 3:24
"Anymore" (Album Version) – 3:54
"Systemagic" / "Anymore" (Remixes Pt. 1)
"Systemagic" (Hannah Holland Remix) – 7:34
"Anymore" (Ralphi Rosario Tek Vocal Mix) – 7:01
"Systemagic" / "Anymore" (Remixes Pt. 2)
"Systemagic" (Ralphi Rosario Lunar Eclipse Mix) – 6:58
"Anymore" (Whatever/Whatever Remix by Justin Strauss & Bryan Mette) – 7:54
Charts
References
External links
2017 singles
2017 songs
Goldfrapp songs
Songs written by Alison Goldfrapp
Songs written by Will Gregory
Mute Records singles
Song recordings produced by John Congleton
There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Temple, two in the Baronetage of England, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
The Temple Baronetcy, of Stowe in the County of Buckingham, was created in the Baronetage of England on 24 September 1611. For more information on this creation, see the Viscount Cobham.
The Temple Baronetcy was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 7 July 1662 for the colonial administrator Thomas Temple. They were a grandson of the first Baronet of the 1611 creation. The title became extinct on their death in 1674.
The Temple Baronetcy, of Sheen in the County of Surrey, was created in the Baronetage of England on 31 January 1666 for the politician William Temple. The title became extinct on their death in 1699.
The Temple Baronetcy, of The Nash in Kempsey in the County of Worcester, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 16 August 1876 for the politician and colonial administrator Richard Temple. This family descends from William Dicken, who in 1740 married Henrietta, daughter and co-heir of the fifth Baronet of the 1611 creation. Their son assumed by Royal licence the surname of Temple in lieu of Dicken in 1796. Their grandson was the first Baronet.
Temple baronets, of Stowe (1611)
Sir Thomas Temple, 1st Baronet, of Stowe (1567–1637)
Sir Peter Temple, 2nd Baronet (1592–1653): MP for Buckingham in both the Short Parliament and the Long Parliament
Sir Richard Temple, 3rd Baronet (1634–1697): MP for Warwickshire and Buckingham
Their son (Richard, 4th Baronet) became 1st Viscount Cobham – see the Viscount Cobham
Sir William Temple, 5th Baronet (1694–1760)
Sir Peter Temple, 6th Baronet (died 1761)
Sir Richard Temple, 7th Baronet (1731–1786) (dormant)
Baronetcy claimed by the self-styled Sir John Temple, 8th Baronet, but not universally acknowledged
Temple baronets (1662)
Sir Thomas Temple, 1st Baronet (1614–1674)
Temple baronets, of Sheen (1666)
Sir William Temple, 1st Baronet (1628–1699)
Temple baronets, of The Nash (1876)
Sir Richard Temple, 1st Baronet (1826–1902) m. Louisa, dau. of James Rivett-Carnac governor of Bombay (1838-1841)
Sir Richard Carnac Temple, 2nd Baronet (1850–1931) m. 1880, Agnes, dau. of Maj.-Gen. George Archimedes Searle
Sir Richard Durand Temple, 3rd Baronet (1880–1962) m. 1st, 1912, Katherine Marjorie, dau. of Frederic de la Fontaine Williams, of Rydes Hill House; m. 2nd, 1939, Marie Wanda, dau. of John Frederick Christian Henderson, and was succeeded by their son by their first wife:
Sir Richard Anthony Purbeck Temple, 4th Baronet (1913–2007) m. 1936 (div. 1946), Lucy Geils, dau. of Alain Joly de Lotbinière, 8th Seigneur de Lotbinière, of Pointe Platon, Quebec, Canada; m. 2nd, 1950, Jean, dau. of James Thompson Finnie, and was succeeded by their elder son by their first wife:
Sir Richard Chartier Carnac Temple, 5th Baronet (born 1937) m. 1964, Emma Rose, dau. of Maj.-Gen. Sir Robert Laycock by their wife Lady Clare Angela Louise, dau. of William Dudley Ward, M.P.; issue three daughters.
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
1611 establishments in England
James Marks may refer to:
James Marks (architect) (1834–1915), Australian architect
James Marks (politician) (1835–1907), Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Dunham Hill railway station was a railway station in Dunham-on-the-Hill, Cheshire. It was opened in 1850 and closed in 1952. Near to the station was a branch line leading to the former ROF Dunham on the Hill explosives storage depot. The station buildings were demolished after closure but the platforms remained until the 1970s.
References
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Cheshire
Former Birkenhead Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1850
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1952
Mireo d.d. is a company and brand that produces global automotive navigation systems for smartphones, personal navigation devices and in-car infotainment systems. They also provide fleet management and vehicle tracking services and produce detailed maps of Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Mireo was founded in 2001 in Zagreb, Croatia and sells proprietary navigation products in over 70 countries.
Mireo's DON'T PANIC navigation software runs on Apple iOS, Google's Android and BlackBerry 10 smartphone/tablet operating systems and Microsoft Windows CE enabled devices and uses maps by TomTom and local providers.
Mireo's Genius Maps: GPS Navigation and Offline Maps runs on Apple iOS and Google's Android smartphone/tablet operating systems and uses maps by HERE/Navteq and local providers.
Both Genius Maps and DON'T PANIC support a broad selection of world languages for their user interfaces and voice instructions.
References
Companies based in Zagreb
Companies established in 2001
2001 establishments in Croatia
Information technology companies of Croatia
Hans-Peter is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Hans Peter Aglassinger (born 1963), Austrian industrial designer
Hans Peter Anvin (born 1972), Swedish computer programmer, contributor to Free and open source software projects
Hans-Peter Bartels (born 1961), German politician of the SPD and member of the Bundestag for Kiel
Hans-Peter Berger (born 1981), Austrian football goalkeeper
Hans Peter Boerresen (1825–1901), Danish missionary to India from Gossner mission
Hans-Peter Briegel (born 1955), former German football player and manager
Hans Peter Duerr (born 1943), German anthropologist, author of ten books on the subject
Hans-Peter Dürr (1929–2014), German physicist
Hans-Peter Durst (born 1958), German para cyclist
Hans-Peter Feldmann (born 1941), German visual artist
Hans-Peter Ferner (born 1956), (West) German former middle-distance runner
Hans Peter Fischnaller (born 1985), Italian luger
Hans-Peter Friedländer (1920–1999), Swiss football forward
Hans-Peter Friedrich (born 1957), German politician, representative of the Christian Social Union
Hans Peter Mareus Neilsen Gammel (1854–1931), author and bookseller
Hans Peter Geerdes or H.P. Baxxter (born 1964), German entertainer, frontman of the techno group Scooter
Hans-Peter Gies (born 1947), retired East German shot putter
Hans Peter Hallwachs (born 1938), German television actor
Hans Peter Hammel (born 1947), Swiss journalist
Hans Peter Christian Hansen (1851–1910), New Zealand farmer, hotel-keeper and community leader
Hans Peter Hansen (1829–1899), Danish xylographer who specialized in portraits
Hans Peter Haselsteiner (born 1944), Austrian industrialist and former politician
Hans Peter Helander or Peter Helander (born 1951), retired professional hockey player
Hans Peter Holm (1772–1812), Danish naval officer
Hans-Peter Kaul (1943–2014), German judge, international law scholar, former diplomat
Hanspeter Keiser (1925–2007), Swiss artist known as César Keiser
Hans Peter Keller (1915–1988), German poet who authored several poem collections
Hans Peter Kerkeling (born 1964), German actor, presenter and comedian
Hans-Peter Knaust (1906–1983), highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II
Hans-Peter Koppe (born 1958), German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics
Hans Peter Kraus (1907–1988), Austrian-born book dealer
Hans-Peter Kriegel (born 1948), German computer scientist, professor at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Hans Peter Kürten, mayor of Remagen from 1964 to 1994 who opened the Peace Museum at Remagen in 1980
Hans-Peter Lanig (born 1935), German alpine skier
Hans-Peter Lehnhoff (born 1963), retired German football player
Hans-Peter Liese or Peter Liese (born 1965), German politician and Member of the European Parliament for North Rhine-Westphalia
Hans-Peter Lindstrøm (born 1973), Norwegian producer
Hans Peter Elisa Lødrup (1885–1955), Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor, non-fiction writer and politician for the Conservative Party
Hans Peter L'Orange (academic) (1903–1983), Norwegian art historian and classical archaeologist
Hans Peter L'orange (officer) (1835–1907), Norwegian military officer
Hans Peter Luhn (1896–1964), computer scientist for IBM, creator of the Luhn algorithm and KWIC indexing
Hans-Peter Makan (born 1960), retired German football player
Hans Peter Manz (born 1955), Austrian diplomat
Hans-Peter Martin (born 1957), Austrian journalist and politician
Hans Peter Matthiae, German Michelin star winning head chef, owner of a restaurant in County Tipperary, Ireland
Hans-Peter Mayer (born 1944), German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Lower Saxony
Hans Peter Minderhoud (born 1973), Dutch dressage rider
Hans Petter Moland (born 1955), Norwegian film director
Hans Peter Murer (1897–1947), Alsatian politician
Hans-Peter Neuhaus (born 1945), former West German handball player
Hanspeter Pfister, German-American computer scientist
Hans-Peter Pohl (born 1965), former German Nordic combined skier
Hans-Peter Reinecke (1941–2005), German actor
Hans Peter Richter (1925–1993), German author
Hans-Peter Schaller (born 1962), Austrian football manager
Hans-Peter Schulze (born 1939), German fencer
Hans-Peter Seidel, computer graphics researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Computer Science and Saarland University
Hans Peter Sørensen (1886–1962), the second Lord Mayor of Copenhagen, holding that office from 1946 to 1956
Hans-Peter Steinacher (born 1968), Austrian sailor and Olympic champion
Hans-Peter Stenzl (born 1960), German classical pianist and music educator
Hans Peter Jørgen Julius Thomsen (1826–1909), Danish chemist noted in thermochemistry for the Thomsen-Berthelot principle
Hans-Peter Tschudi (1913–2002), Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1959–1973)
Hans-Peter Uhl (born 1944), German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria
Hans-Peter Vietze (1939–2008), German Mongolist
Hans-Peter Wild (born 1941), German entrepreneur and lawyer
Hans-Peter Zaugg, (born 1952), former Swiss footballer, current manager of the Liechtenstein national football team
Hans-Peter Zimmer (1936–1992), German painter and sculptor
Hans-Peter Zwicker (born 1960), retired football striker
See also
, a West German cargo ship in service 1956–70
Hans Peters
Hans Peterson
de:Hans-Peter#Herkunft und Bedeutung
This timeline lists the dates of the first women's suffrage in Muslim majority countries. Dates for the right to vote, suffrage, as distinct from the right to stand for election and hold office, are listed.
Some countries with majority Muslim populations established universal suffrage upon national independence, including Bangladesh, Indonesia, and Malaysia. In most North Africa countries, women participated in the first national elections or soon following. Some dates relate to regional elections and, where possible, the second date of general election has been included. Even countries listed may not have universal suffrage for women, and some may have regressed in women's rights since the initial granting of suffrage.
Timeline
1917
Crimean People's Republic
1918
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic;
(Soviet Republic)
1920
1921
(Soviet Republic)
1924
(Soviet Republic)
(Soviet Republic)
1927
(Soviet Republic)
1930
(municipal elections)
1932
1934
(national elections)
1938
(Soviet Republic)
1945
1946
French Somaliland
1947
(When Created)
1948
(first ever free elections were held in 2005)
1949
1952
(An educational requirement).
1956
1957
(universal).
(Now Peninsular Malaysia)
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
(revoked)
1963
(after a referendum)
1964
1965
(first time)
1967
1970
1972
(Bangladesh achieved independence on December 16, 1971 and women suffrage was never barred)
1973
(Bahrain did not hold elections until 2002)
1974
1976
(women allowed to vote in local elections for the first time; at the previous election, in 1972, only male property owners could vote)
1978
(North)
1985
(first time)
1996
(revoked by Taliban)
(first elections held in the territory since 1923)
1999
(revoked)
2002
(re-granted after the fall of Taliban)
2003
2005
(re-granted)
2006
2011
(introduced along with right to run for municipal elections in 2015)
See also
Rawya Ateya (first female parliamentarian in Egypt and the Arab world)
List of the first female members of parliament by country
List of equal or majority Muslim countries
List of suffragists and suffragettes
List of women's rights activists
Sex segregation in Islam
Timeline of women's suffrage
Women in Islam
References
Islamic feminism
Women's suffrage by country
Society-related timelines
suffrage muslim
Foggaret Ezzoua () is a municipality in In Salah District, In Salah Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 6,649, up from 4,763 in 1998, with an annual growth rate of 3.5%. Its postal code is 11220 and its municipal code is 1110.
Geography
Foggaret Ezzoua lies at an elevation of on a dry plain in the Sahara. The town is located just to the east of an oasis; separated by a line of sand dunes.
Climate
Foggaret Ezzoua has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with extremely hot summers and mild winters, and very little precipitation throughout the year.
Transportation
Foggaret Ezzoua is connected to the N1 highway just north of In Salah by a local road, passing the villages of Igostène and Hassi Lahdjar on the way. Another track leads south to the villages of Silafène and Hinoune.
Education
4.5% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 16.5% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 82.2%, and is 91.1% among males and 72.4% among females; all three figures are the second highest in the province after the commune of In Ghar.
Localities
The commune is composed of five localities:
Fouggaret Ezzoua
Silafène
Hinoune
Foggaret el Arab
Laarab
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Tuareg
Communes of In Salah Province
The cinnamon tanager (Schistochlamys ruficapillus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the cinnamon tanager
cinnamon tanager
Birds of Brazil
cinnamon tanager
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum () is a museum located in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia. The building is a modern reconstruction of the palace of the Malacca Sultanate, based on the information and data obtained from the Malay Annals. It is made up of hardwood (for its structure), 'belian' wood (for its roof) and wooden pegs (instead of nails) and was constructed in 1984 and became a cultural museum which showcases the history of the region. The museum was officially opened on 17 July 1986 by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
List of tourist attractions in Malacca
References
Literature
External links
Virtual Museum Melaka | Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum
1986 establishments in Malaysia
Buildings and structures in Malacca City
Museums established in 1986
Museums in Malacca
The European Parliament election of 2014 took place in Italy on 25 May 2014.
In Veneto the centre-left Democratic Party came largely ahead with 37.5% of the vote, followed by the Five-Star Movement, distant second at 19.9%. Among the parties of the governing coalition in the region, Lega Nord (whose regional wing is Liga Veneta) came first with 15.2% of the vote, followed by Forza Italia (14.7%) and the New Centre-Right (3.5), which ran in a joint list with the Union of the Centre. The centre-right's tally, including also Brothers of Italy (3.3%), was 36.7%: it was the first time ever that the centre-left topped the centre-right in a regionwide election. The five most voted candidates in Veneto were Alessandra Moretti (Democratic Party, 138,901 preference votes), Flavio Tosi (Lega Nord, 83,171), Flavio Zanonato (Democratic Party, 80,387), Matteo Salvini (Lega Nord, 67,148) and Mara Bizzotto (Lega Nord, 42,787).
Results
References
Elections in Veneto
European Parliament elections in Italy
2014 European Parliament election
2014 elections in Italy
Black Point (2021 population: 486) is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Black Point is the closest community in the Ten Beaches area to Metropolitan Halifax, just 30 minutes away, on Highway 3.
Black Point is believed to have been given its name because its land mass appear black from outside of St. Margaret's Bay. Original land grants were given in 1786, but it was not until the 19th century that the community began to take shape. Black's Point first post office opened in 1867. A new school opened in 1879. A United Baptist Church was dedicated in 1898.
Today, the fire station and community hall are focal points of the community, where community suppers and social events are held. The village also boasts some antique and craft shops, and has two sand beaches, the Black Point Beach and The Puddle Beach.
Fernwood Publishing has been headquartered in Black Point since the early 1990s.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Black Point had a population of 486 living in 221 of its 281 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 452. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
References
External links
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Designated places in Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Choi Jung-han (Hangul: 최정한; born 3 June 1989, in Incheon) is a South Korean football forward who plays for Navy.
Career
Oita Trinita
They started their professional football career in J1 League side Oita Trinita since 2009.
Choi made their debut on 3 October 2009 against Montedio Yamagata after coming on as a substitute at the 89 minute.
FC Seoul
On 6 July 2014, they joined FC Seoul.
Club statistics
References
External links
Oita Trinita official website profile
Choi Jung-Han at Yahoo! Japan
1989 births
Living people
Association football forwards
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Oita Trinita players
FC Seoul players
Daegu FC players
J1 League players
J2 League players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Yonsei University alumni
Sportspeople from Incheon
South Korea under-20 international footballers
South Korea under-23 international footballers
Sorry 4 the Weight is a self-released mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Chief Keef. It was released on February 18, 2015 through Keef's Glo Gang label. The mixtape was produced by a variety of producers including DPGGP, Chopsquaddj, Dolan Beatz, and the in-house GGP (Glo Gang Productions), as well as Keef himself. Additionally, the tape is hosted by DJ Holiday. The tape was largely a solo effort, only featuring guest vocals on two of its tracks, from Andy Milonakis and Glo Gang labelmate, Benji Glo. The title of the mixtape is a reference to Lil Wayne's Sorry 4 the Wait. The Deluxe Edition of "Sorry 4 The Weight" Was Released To iTunes on March 17, 2015. On Spinrilla, Sorry 4 The Weight 2 is available, after being released on November 6, 2016.
Release
The mixtape was self-released by Keef on February 18, 2015, after a slight delay.
Composition
On the album, David Drake of Complex, stated, "even over typical production Keef is more than a rapper," claiming, "he's a pop songwriter at heart," and adding, "records like "W.W.Y.D." and "Yours" show their facility for choruses and melody, while "That's What" exemplifies their continued strength as a creator of hooky, ingratiating rhythmic patterns in the vein of "Love Sosa." On "Get Money," their use of ad-libs to call-and-response their own lead melody in the chorus shows considerably more compositional forethought than most performers today." Included throughout the tape are audio samples of interviews featuring Keef, which Drake states, "sells the rapper as a more sympathetic figure than he's ever been in the public sphere," later adding, "though undeniably charming, they do serve as something of a bluffer's guide for empathizing with a guy painted as a monster by the press."
Production
The production of the album was done in-house, with Keef self-producing one track. Drake noted, "by and large, the beats slot in well with Atlanta trap production of the last several years, a statement of intent that Keef perhaps isn't as concerned with being a weird rap outsider as much as they are an original voice within a familiar milieu." Keef's self-produced track was praised with Elliot Pearson of The Alibi commenting, "if "What Up" is any indication, he's made serious progress as a beat-maker." Jayson Greene of Pitchfork Media noted, "congas and bongos, clattering busily around the edges of the music, are the most noticeable new addition on Sorry 4 the Weight." On Keef's production of "What Up", Greene writes, "He's a formal innovator, one who finds lots of ways for their muttering vocals to mesh with the contrary moving lines of their music. Their cadences have strange emphases everywhere, and the effect is similar to hearing someone clumping around a floor above you wearing a full leg cast." Ps : this is fire
Reception
The mixtape received generally positive critical reception. Pearson noted, "This tape is hard as hell and by no means an easy listen, but paranoia, violence and tenderness sometimes come together in the delivery of a line like 'They don't want me to feed my baby now,' and the effect is felt in the heart." Awarding the tape 3 out of 5 stars, David Drake of Complex writes, "Sorry 4 the Weight finds the rapper in a more focused, writerly mode, when compared with the lunging blunt-force-trauma raps of Back From the Dead 2. Likewise a substantial step away from the pretty, melodic Nobody, Keef is not treading the same old ground." Jayson Greene of Pitchfork Media awarded the tape a 7.1 out of 10 rating, stating, "The loneliness and poetry of "Nobody", say, in which Keef's wandering, bluesy vocal take may as well be a wah-wah guitar solo for all you can make out of it, is missing. Sorry 4 the Weight is more settled-sounding, a "grown" record from an artist who seems grimly determined to move forward at all costs."
Track listing
References
2015 mixtape albums
Chief Keef albums
Self-released albums
Agnaridae is a family of woodlice. They were formerly considered part of the Trachelipodidae, but were moved from that family to Porcellionidae in 1989, and then placed as a separate family in 2003.
References
Further reading
Schotte, M.; Kensley, B. F.; Shilling, S. (1995 onwards). World list of Marine, Freshwater and Terrestrial Crustacea Isopoda. National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution: Washington D.C., USA
Schmalfuss, H. (2003). World catalog of terrestrial isopods (Isopoda: Oniscidea). Stuttgarter Beiträge zur Naturkunde. Serie A, 654: 1–341., available online at http://www-alt.naturkundemuseum-bw.de/stuttgart/pdf/a_pdf/A654.pdf
Woodlice
Crustacean families
This page is a list of the continental championships for clubs and national teams in association football.
The championships are organised by the respective FIFA-affiliated continental confederations: AFC (Asia), CAF (Africa), CONCACAF (North and Central America and the Caribbean), CONMEBOL (South America), OFC (Oceania), and UEFA (Europe).
The numbers of participating teams presented in this article only account for teams appearing in the competitions proper, and do not include those entering preliminary or qualifying rounds.
Men's national team championships
Ongoing
Men's club championships
Ongoing
The champions of the respective first-tier championships qualify for the FIFA Club World Cup.
Abolished
Women's national team championships
Women's club championships
See also
Sub-continental football championships in Asia
Timeline of association football
References
International association football competitions by continent
Daniel DeWitt Tompkins Davie (1816 – February 12, 1877), also known as D. D. T. Davie, was an American 19th-century photographer known as a pioneer of the daguerreotype in America and an innovator of photographic equipment and techniques. They were a key player in the controversy over Levi Hill's claim to have invented a process for producing color daguerreotypes.
Personal life
Daniel DeWitt Tompkins Davie was born about 1820 in Otsego County, New York, to Christina Scism/Sissem Davie and Samuel Davie. Their childhood was spent in Bolivar, New York as their parents moved there 23 Mar 1823 and were among the earliest settlers in this area. Little is known of their life before their marriage in 1839 to Azubah Burdick. The couple had four daughters and a son named after their father.
They died on 20 Feb 1877 in Alden, New York. Their remains were brought to Bolivar, New York for interment at Maple Lawn Cemetery next to their parents.
Photography career
Davie had wanted to be a painter but gave up the idea for financial reasons. Instead they learned the daguerreotype technique sometime after 1843, and in 1846, they opened their first photography studio, located in Utica, New York. Although Davie was almost entirely self-taught, their professional reputation developed rapidly, and in 1850 they traveled to Washington, DC, where they photographed nearly every member of both houses of Congress along with other public figures. Their 1850 daguerreotype of Daniel Webster was considered in its day "one of the most striking likenesses" of that statesman.
In 1851, Davie expanded from taking photographs to manufacturing the chemicals used in the daguerreotype process. An innovator in photographic technology, they are credited with such inventions and improvements as the plate vise, the buffing lathe, a camera stand, and refined rotten stone. Their most elaborate invention may have been an award-winning device called the American Photographer that clipped, crimped, cleaned, and buffed photographic plates. Davie also learned and experimented with the techniques for making albumen prints and stereoscopic transparencies.
In the 1850s, Davie opened a second daguerreotype studio in Syracuse, New York, this one in partnership with their brother Joseph. They also became the owner of a photographic gallery in Albany, New York.
Around the same time, Davie took on a partner in Utica, Gordon Evans with whom they published the monthly periodical Scientific Daguerreian of which no known copies survive. Davie's assistant for three years in the mid 1850s was the photographer Julia Ann Rudolph, then at the very beginning of their long career.
Heliochromy controversy
Davie was elected first president of the Association of Daguerreotypists in 1851, and in that capacity they oversaw a team of three experts investigating the Reverend Levi Hill's claimed invention of a process called "heliochromy" that could supposedly produce color daguerreotypes. The team reported bluntly that Hill's purported discovery was "a delusion." When a few years later Hill sought to publish their heliochromy formula, Davie obtained a court order banning the sale of Hill's book on the grounds that it libeled them and their committee, with the result that most of the edition was pulped. Recent researchers have found that Davie's team was not quite correct: although Hill appears to have faked some of the color in their images, it also appears that their process can indeed produce a muted color spectrum.
References
19th-century American inventors
1816 births
1877 deaths
Photographers from New York (state)
People from Otsego, New York
19th-century American scientists
19th-century American photographers
The Airdrome Eindecker E-III is a single-seat, mid-wing, conventional landing gear fighter aircraft replica produced in kit form by Airdrome Aeroplanes of Holden, Missouri.
The Airdrome Eindecker E-III is a 3/4 scale replica of the First World War Fokker Eindecker E.III, the protagonist of the Fokker Scourge of the summer of 1915 when, equipped with a single synchronized Maxim machine gun, the Fokker E.III achieved air superiority over the western front.
Development
The replica E-III was designed to give aircraft homebuilders the opportunity to construct a replica fighter and was intended to appeal to the pilot who is also a history buff. The aircraft fits into the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles category and has a standard empty weight of when equipped with the standard Rotax 503 engine. Optionally a half Volkswagen air-cooled engine can be used, putting the aircraft in the US Experimental - Amateur-built category. Several other engines in the power range can be fitted, including the Solo Flight Solo 40, Rotax 447 and Hirth F23. Other engines fitted to aircraft on the UK register include the Warner Scarab 145 and the Continental C85-12.
The fuselage is constructed from pre-welded 4130 steel tube, along with aluminum tubing that is bolted and riveted together. The wing is conventional aluminum construction, wire braced from a short kingpost and the whole aircraft is covered with aircraft fabric. Unlike the original E-III, which utilized wing-warping, the replica has ailerons. The landing gear is bungee suspended. The engine cowling consists of a spun aluminum nose bowl with a sheet metal wrap-around.
The kits are supplied complete including paint and fabric, except for the engine, propeller and instruments. Of note, the kit does not include a replica machine gun. The factory estimates that an average builder can complete the aircraft kit in 300 hours.
The company claims that the aircraft kit can be assembled using "normal hand tools consisting of hacksaw, hand drill, file, pop rivet gun, wrenches, and hand nico press tool. Area required for construction should be approximate the size of a single car garage".
Operational history
Twenty one examples had been completed by December 2011. Seven of these remained on the UK register in 2019.
Specifications (E-III)
See also
References
External links
Official webpage archives on Archive.org
Photo of an Airdrome E-III
1990s United States ultralight aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
is a railway station operated by the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad in Kotohira, Kagawa, Japan. It is on the Kotohira Line.
Ridership
Adjacent stations
References
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1927
Railway stations in Kagawa Prefecture
Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya is a football stadium located in Nouakchott, Mauritania which has a capacity of 8,200 spectators. It is located adjacent (south) to the École d'Application, opposite to the Maison de Jeunes to the west and Lycée d'Arabe to the south. A racing club with a swimming pool and four tennis courts is also located in the complex. It's the second oldest stadium after the Stade du Ksar.
History
The stadium was built in 1968. It was inaugurated in 1969 under the name of Stade de la Capitale. In 1970 it hosted the first national sporting event in Mauritania, a National Sports Week, inaugurated by President Mokhtar Ould Daddah. In 1983, with the inauguration of the Stade Olympique, all sports competitions were transferred to the new stadium, in front of it that would deteriorate over time, abandoned to its fate.
In 1990, a major rehabilitation operation was carried out.
In April 2012, the stadium lighting works began and it was renamed Cheikha Ould Boïdiya, a former president of the Mauritanian Football Federation who died in 1988 in a traffic accident.
In 2019, the stadium was renovated and expanded to have a capacity from 500 to 8,200 people.
The stadium hosted the 2021 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations.
References
External links
Stadium profile - soccerway.com
Sport in Nouakchott
Sports venues in Mauritania
Football venues in Mauritania
Multi-purpose stadiums in Mauritania
The Vagabonds (German: Die Landstreicher) is a 1916 Austrian silent comedy film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Josef König, Liane Haid and Marietta Weber. The film's score was based on the operetta of the same name composed by Karl Michael Ziehrer.
Cast
Josef König as Fliederbusch
Liane Haid as Frau Fliederbusch
Marietta Weber as Tänzerin Mimi
Emil Guttmann as Fürst Adolar
Hans Rhoden
See also
The Vagabonds (1937)
References
Bibliography
Robert Von Dassanowsky. Austrian Cinema: A History. McFarland, 2005.
External links
1916 Austro-Hungarian films
1916 films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian comedy films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1916 comedy films
Films based on operettas
Silent comedy films
David William Blair (born 14 July 1985) is a Scottish former rugby union player who played Stand Off and played for Sale Sharks from 2003 to 2007 and then Edinburgh Gunners in the Magners League from 2007 to 2011. Blair was captain and the highest points scorer for Scotland Under 21 in the team's history  They are the younger brother of Scotland captain Mike Blair who also plays for Edinburgh, as did a third brother Alex. David Blair started at Sale Sharks and then moved to Edinburgh to join up with their brother. David has also represented Scotland A team on several occasions.
An injury to Phil Godman in September 2010 made them the first choice standoff for Edinburgh. They started with a man of the match performance to beat Leinster.
References
1985 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Edinburgh Rugby players
Scottish schoolteachers
Alumni of the University of Stirling
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union fly-halves
Milan Zimnýkoval (born 31 January 1978 in Snina) is a Slovak television and radio presenter.  They are the son of a soldier and their mother was a primary school teacher. For ten years they have danced in the Slovak folk dance group Zemplín. In June 2012 they married the television producer Antónia Gondová, who took on the married surname Zimnýkoval. They live together in Bratislava and raise their daughter Alexandra.
Studies
After graduating from Pavel Horov Grammar School (Gymnázium Pavla Horova) in Michalovce, get studied History and English at the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Prešov (Prešovská Univerzita).
Career
Milan Zimnýkoval became famous among people mostly as a radio speaker. They have worked in radios since 1997, when they started at the college radio station PaF (1997–2003). They then moved on to the Prešov radio Flash (1998–2004) and since 2004 they have been working as a presenter for Fun Radio. Working for one of the most popular radio stations, Junior went through different programs. However, as a member of the team Junior and Marcel, they became a favourite with the fans. With their wit and prompt improvisation, the duo also earned the fan favour beyond Slovak borders. In 2009 Milan Zimnýkoval and Marcel Forgáč started presenting the noon show at the radio, and since 2013 they speak to the listeners every morning from 6:00 to 10:00. In 2013 they replaced Oliver Andrásy and Elena Vacvalová in the TV programme Nikto nie je dokonalý (No one is perfect). Together they also presented the last two seasons of the popular talent show Česko Slovensko má talent, which was broadcast simultaneously by TV stations Prima Live and TV JOJ.
Television career
Milan Zimnýkoval debuted as television presenter in the entertainment – social show No Problem, which was broadcast on public television, which earned the award Prix Danube in 2001. As a presenter, they were behind the success of several popul ar shows. Together with Linda Wagnerová they hosted the show Teleráno on TV Markíza. Along with the actor and TV presenter Kristína Farkašová they starred in the programme Legendy Popu, broadcast by Slovak television in 2011 – 2013. During several years they hosted Miss Universe SR and the award ceremony Športovec Roka (Sportsman of the year). They also starred in shows Čo ja viem and Pomaly ďalej zájdeš. For several years they have been the star host of TV JOJ. Aside from the already mentioned talent show and entertainment show Nikto nie je dokonalý, the show Moja mama varí lepšie (My mom is a better cook) also enjoys high viewer ratings with over 500 episodes broadcast. At the beginning of June 2017 they started recording their own game show HESLO (TV JOJ) and a dating show TAKE ME OUT (TV JOJ and TV Prima) where they teamed up with Jakub Prachař.  They are regularly nominated for the OTO award for their work in the category TV program moderator and Telkáč roka. Milan “Junior” Zimnýkoval currently features in as many as four programmes of the FREMANTLE company (Česko Slovensko Má Talent, Take Me Out, Moja Mama Varí Lepšie a Heslo).
Appearances on television programs
2017: Zem spieva (TV Host)
2017: Moja mama varí lepšie ako tvoja (Presenter)
2017: Nikto nie je dokonalý (Presenter)
2017: Take me out (Presenter)
2017: Heslo (Presenter)
2017: Všetko, čo mám rád (TV Host)
2016: Česko Slovensko má talent (Presenter)
2016: Športovec roka 2016 (Presenter)
2016: Uhádni môj vek (TV Host)
2016: Neskoro večer (TV Host)
2016: 90-60-90 program výročia RTVS (TV Host)
2015: Česko Slovensko má talent (Presenter)
2015: Moja mama varí lepšie ako tvoja (Presenter)
2015: Pomaly ďalej zájdeš (TV Host)
2014: Čo ja viem (TV Host)
2014: Daj si čas (Presenter)
2014: Športovec roka (Presenter)
2014: Úsmev ako dar 2014 (Presenter)
2014: 15 minútový kuchár a hostia (TV Host)
2013: Nikto nie je dokonalý (Presenter)
2013: Miss Universe SR (Presenter)
2012: Miss Universe SR (Presenter)
2012: Hotel Paradise – Noc v raji (Presenter)
2011: Legendy popu (Presenter)
2009: Bez servítky (TV Host)
2006: Chart One (Presenter)
References
External links
Living people
1978 births
Slovak television people
Radio in Slovakia
University of Prešov alumni
People from Snina
Tod Hanson (born 1963) is a London-based artist known for their large-scale graphic installations and public artworks.
Career
Early graphic work
In the 1990s, Hanson worked on a series of large-scale graphic works for Greenpeace UK protests, including a painting of Earth suspended over the main stage at the Glastonbury Festival. Hanson worked with Greenpeace to target Tesco by painting Fiasco, an exhibition truck highlighting the use of ozone destroying refrigeration systems, and to paint two excavators with Greenpeace graphics.
In 1991, Hanson decorated both LSE bar and The Brain in Soho.
Permanent public artworks
Hanson's 2004 Grainger Town, a bronze and Granite work that is a collaboration with Simon Wakinson, is permanently installed on Neville Street, near the Central Station, in Grainger Town, Newcastle upon Thyne.
In 2009 Hanson's Elliptical Switchback, a tile mural commemorating Edmund Halley, was installed in the Haggerston railway station. The piece was the first public artwork commissioned by London Overground.
In 2015 they installed two public artworks on Balham Road in London, England.
Their 2016 painting Pool of London is permanently installed in the Hackney New School, London.
Hanson's 2020 work Spectra is a public mural installed on the Centre Building of the London School of Economics campus.
Temporary exhibitions
Hanson has had a number of Solo shows including the Jerwood Artists platform at Cell Project Space in 2006.
In 2010 their temporary work Juggernaut Sunset was installed in the Landguard Fort as part of the festival Fleet: Art in the Haven Ports.
In 2015 their site-specific work floor painting, which covers the entire floor, was installed at the historic Durbar Hall of the Hastings Museum and Art Gallery as part of the Coastal Currents festival.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
21st-century English male artists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Artists from London
20th-century English male artists
UB-144 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. Incomplete at the end of the war, they were surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 27 March 1919, and then taken to Chatham Dockyard as a potential subject for experimental work, but was never so-employed. They were sold to M. Lynch & Sons on 22 July 1920 for £2,000, and towed to Rochester, Kent. After being stripped of any reusable material, the hulk was dumped in shallow water in the Medway estuary, along with those of UB-145 and UB-150. The remains of all three - partly broken up in-situ during 1939–45, with one significantly better preserved than the other two - remain visible, but it is unclear which wreck is which.
Construction
They were built by Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft of Kiel and following just under a year of construction, launched at Kiel on 5 October 1918. UB-144 was to have carried 10 torpedoes and be armed with a deck gun. UB-144 would have carried a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and have a cruising range of . UB-144 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines would have enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Ludmila Nelidina (; born 7 December 1984) is a Russian former competitive figure skater.  They are the 2001 Nebelhorn Trophy champion and 2002 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final silver medalist.
Career
Nelidina competed for Russia until 1998, when they briefly switched to competing for Azerbaijan. They switched back to skating for Russia the following year. Them the highest placement at a senior-level ISU Championship was 13th at the 2003 World Championships. During their career, they were coached by Tatiana Pomerantseva, Zhanna Gromova, and Viktor Kudriavtsev.
Nelidina landed a triple Axel in competition at the 2002 Skate America. Together with Yukari Nakano, who also completed a triple Axel at that competition, Nelidina was the first female skater in 10 years to perform a triple Axel in international competition.  They are the first European lady skater to land a triple Axel in competition, the other skaters having been from Japan and the United States.
After retiring from competition, Nelidina began coaching in Moscow.  They are currently on the faculty of coaches giving private skating lessons at the Wheaton Ice Arena in Maryland.
Programs
Competitive highlights
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Moscow
Russian female single skaters
Azerbaijani female single skaters
In the domain of the service-orientation design paradigm, the Enterprise Inventory is a design pattern by Thomas Erl that answers the question, "How can services be delivered to maximize recomposition?"; the application of this pattern results in a standardized enterprise-wide service inventory that fosters repeated service composition.
Rationale
An SOA adoption usually results in multiple set of services built by various teams as part of automating different business processes spread across diverse departmental boundaries. Each project team might be following different set of standards and implementation architectures (for developing services) that are more relevant to the team's short-term goals and requirements. Although the built services might provide enough opportunities for reuse and recomposition within the same business domain, however, when it comes to composing services from different business domains, there tends to be an impedance mismatch requiring some sort of bridging or transformation logic in between these services. In a way, such services result in standalone solutions that defy the basic characteristics of service-orientation i.e. by not being enterprise-centric. Quite often such distributed service delivery efforts result in the development of redundant services as project teams are not aware of each other's requirements.
In order to foster an environment whereby all the services conform to a single set of standards, the Enterprise Inventory design pattern is applied that results in a common service inventory that is based on a service-oriented enterprise architecture. This automatically eliminates any redundancy and paves the way for maximum recomposition of services which could mean development of new solutions with reduced efforts and time.
Usage
As depicted in Diagram A, the services belonging to two different departments, although belonging to the same organization, contain architectural incompatibilities as well as redundancy. An inter-department service composition is not possible until and unless there is some sort of transformation logic introduced in between these services. However, in Diagram B, the application of Enterprise Inventory pattern creates a standardized service inventory that is inherently interoperable.
In order to be sure that all the services that are being built follow the same design standards, as part of the application of this design pattern, a service inventory blueprint needs to be created. Such a blueprint only consists of candidate services containing candidate capabilities. By coming up with such a service inventory blueprint, the overall scope of the potential enterprise-wide service inventory is established. This usually requires the application of the top-down service-oriented analysis.
Apart from the creation of an enterprise inventory, the application of this pattern also requires that a technology architecture based on the current enterprise architecture needs to be documented as well so that the services could be built within the boundaries of such an architecture. Doing so guarantees service interoperability as well as behavioral predictability.
Considerations
As the application of the Enterprise Inventory design pattern requires upfront analysis, it is more suited towards organizations that have IT systems with well established procedures and documentation in place. If it is a fresh SOA initiative then creation of an enterprise-wide inventory would be rather easy and straightforward. Being an enterprise-wide initiative, it would be rather difficult for existing services to be adapted to the new design standards and would incur financial burden as well as require considerable amount of time.
In some circumstances, it might not be feasible to create a single enterprise service inventory because of the sheer size of the organization. This would also mean that governing and maintaining such an inventory might also become impossible as there are simply too many services to govern and maintain. Last but not the least, a host of cultural issues might prevent the adoption of a common enterprise service inventory. This could include hesitance towards giving up control the way projects are developed, reluctance towards adopting design standards that restrict efficient development of projects and extra burden on service developers in terms of keeping track of enterprise-wide standards and to keep a constant check as to what other projects teams are up to in order to avoid any redundancy.
References
Erl et al., (2009).SOA Design Patterns. Prentice Hall. .
External links
SOA Patterns
SOA Concepts
SOA Terms Glossary
Service-oriented (business computing)
Daniel Lysons may refer to:
Daniel Lysons (antiquarian) (1762–1834), English antiquarian and topographer
Daniel Lysons (British Army officer) (1816–1898), British general, son of the antiquarian
Daniel Lysons (physician) (1727–1800), English academic and physician, uncle of the antiquarian
Streptolydigin (Stl) is an antibiotic that works by inhibiting nucleic acid chain elongation by binding to RNA polymerase, thus inhibiting RNA synthesis inside a cell. Streptolydigin inhibits bacterial RNA polymerase, but not eukaryotic RNA polymerase. It has antibacterial activity against a number of Gram positive bacteria.
References
Antibiotics
Spiro compounds
Pyrrolidones
Propionamides
Gladys Veronica Li, QC, SC (; born 1948), is a former Barrister in England, a Senior Counsel at the Hong Kong Bar with a constitutional law and human rights practice, and a founding member of the Hong Kong Civic Party.
Career
Li began to take an interest in public affairs on their return to Hong Kong in 1982, after 10 years' practice as a barrister in England. They became a member of the lobby group which sought to inform British MPs in the late 1980s about lack of democracy, absence of human rights protections and the importance of the rule of law in Hong Kong. They were Chairman of the Hong Kong Bar Association in 1995 and 1996. Ms Li has also been a member of the Article 23 Concern Group and the Article 45 Concern Group.
In 2011 they successfully represented Filipina domestic helper Evangeline Banao Vallejos in Vallejos v. Commissioner of Registration. Vallejos was seeking permanent residency after working in Hong Kong for 25 years, in a contentious challenge to the Immigration Ordinance that stirred public discussion of human rights in Hong Kong and vilification for Li. However, the CFI's decision was overturned by the Court of Appeal in 2012 and Vallejos's appeal was dismissed by the Court of Final Appeal in 2013.
Family
Li's parents are mother Marie Veronica Lillian Yang and father is Simon Li Fook-sean, a former senior judge who is part of the Li family that owns the Bank of East Asia and who stood as a candidate for Hong Kong Chief Executive in the first CE election in 1996.
References
Living people
1948 births
Barristers of Hong Kong
Hong Kong Senior Counsel
Civic Party politicians
Hong Kong women in politics
Hong Kong women lawyers
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2007–2012
Li family of Hong Kong
Eranattu (Erattu) is a prominent Nair tharavadu of Kangazha in Kottayam District, Kerala State, India. Tharavadu is a system of joint family practiced by people in Kerala and each Tharavadu has a unique name.
According to known history, Kangazha was once part of the United Kingdom, and was under the control of two Madampaies (Local lords as representatives of the king for the maintenance of law and order as also tax collection) Ranni Kartha and Agasthanathu Nair.
Thekkumkoor was conquered and annexed to Venad by Marthanda Varma towards the end of 18th century. The Madampis were removed from the posts. The king of Venad brought their own loyal people from Ayroor.
A woman from Chelampanethu family was brought in marriage to Madhavakottu family at Kangazha. The progeny of that woman were made the landlords. The entire land from the precincts of Nedumkunnam to Chirakkadavu extending for about 20 km was under this landlord's control.
This family was later divided into branches or Tharavadus. Kangazha area came under the control of Eranattu and Kadayanickadu under Thayyil Shivashankara Pillai.
Major portion of land in Kadayanickadu, Anikadu, Nedumkunnam and Pulikal Kavala belonged Eranattu family. They had property in Kidangara, Veliyanadu, Kadapra, Muttar, Thalavady etc. Members of this family settled in Kadayanickadu Thayyil, Cheruvally Thekkedathu, Ayirur Chilimpinaethu etc.
Ayyappan Pillai Peshkar of Kanjirappally who maintained accounts and treasury of state for Travancore, brother Govindan Pillai, nephew Arackal Kesava Pillai of Thiruvalla, Arackal Parameswaran Pillai of Kadapra, Kangazha Eranadu Karunakaran Pillai, Kadayanickadu Vakathanath azhathu Kanakku Eswara Pillai Gopala Pillai, Thayyilaya Kaleekal Puthenveettil Kanakku Krishan Pillai, Cheruvally Koonanikkal Kanakku Eswara Pillai etc. belongs to Eranattu family. (Attached supporting document)
Nachinattu Irrigation Project, Alapuzha Market, Munsif Court Changanacherry, and other things were constructed and controlled by Peshkar Ayyappan Pillai.
Branched out after property partition of the Erattu tharavadu to Krishnavilas Bungalow at Kangazha Vazhur, Kanjirapalli of Changanassery taluk.
Due to a social concept called "Marumakkathayam" in Travancore (Kerala), Kanak Keshava Pillai, nephew of Peshkar Ayyappan Pillai inherited all property possessions as a 'Gift Deed' and a part of the ancestral property in Alapuzha, Changassery and Kanjirapalli Sherikkal measuring about 79 acres 20 cents was given on lease to all other weaker sections who undertake cultivation in those landed properties on Pattom (lease of land to cultivate on a compensation to be paid to the landlord)
All the lands were later transferred to Kanak Keshava Pillai's nephew Krishnavilas Ramakrishna Pillai as per Reg No 573 / 1114 Mannar Sub Registrar Office Absolute sale deed made on 30 Edavam 1115 residing at Krishna Vilasom Bungalow, Chooranolil, near Elakkattu of Kangazha.
The lessees became the owners of the property of 9 acres, 36 cents at Kangazha that was on lease for a decade or more, subsequent to revised authority regulations. Sri Ramakrishna Pillai, head of the KrishnaVilas family took their last breath on 18 December 1957 thereby leaving their wife Bhageerathi Pillai Amma and their 8 children. Later, on 30 March 1959, Bhageerathi Amma also followed Ramakrishna Pillai to join hands in heaven leaving their 8 children behind.
During the death of thamburati Bhageerathi Amma, below were the status of their descendants:
1. Gopalakrishnan aged 22 (left tharavadu to seek employment at the age of 18)
2. Saraswati Amma aged 19
3. Sivanunni aged 16
4. Sadasivan aged 13
5. Vijayamma aged 10
6. Madhusudhanan aged 8
7. Radhamani aged 5
8. Radhakrishnan KR aged one
In June 1959, their eldest uncle Prabhakaran Pillai from Kannur reached Kangazha, sold the property for about Rs.4,300 and purchased a property in the name of Saraswathi amma and children at Puzhakkattiri, Angadipuram, Perintalmanna, Palghat District, Kerala; Migration of the Krishnavilas family.
People from Kottayam district
Pasha Kola (, also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 229, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
This article contains a list of notable wikis, which are websites that use wiki software, allowing users to collaboratively edit content and view old versions of the content. These websites use several different wiki software packages.
Table
See also
History of wikis
List of online encyclopedias
List of multilingual MediaWiki sites
List of wiki software
Wiki hosting service
Wiki software
.wiki
References
External links
A List of Wiki Sites by Category on Lifewire
List of the largest wikis on Wikimedia Meta
List of multilingual MediaWiki sites on MediaWiki
List
Wikis
Wiki communities
Pentachaeta alsinoides, the tiny pygmydaisy, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae endemic to California. It is an annual, low, slender, diffuse, somewhat villous; leaves filiform or nearly so; disk flowers reddish, ray flowers inconspicuous.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
External links
Calflora Database: Pentachaeta alsinoides (Tiny pygmy daisy)
Jepson eFlora treatment of Pentachaeta alsinoides
Astereae
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Zamboanga Peninsula Valientes MLV are a professional basketball team which plays in the Chooks-to-Go Pilipinas 3x3. They have also played traditional 5-a-side basketball, having fielded a team in the National Basketball League–Philippines and as the Zamboanga Family's Brand Sardines Valientes Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League.
History
The Zamboanga Valientes was established in 2006 as a means to give a platform for Zamboangueño basketball players. The team has participated in various commercial and regional leagues including the National Basketball Conference in 2006, and the Liga Pilipinas in 2008.
Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League
The team played in the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League (MPBL) as the Zamboanga–Family's Brand Sardines Valientes in the 2018–19 season's. The team was reportedly "relaunched" as the Zamboanga Family's Brand Sardines starting the 2019-20 season following undisclosed management issues.
Chooks-to-Go Pilipinas 3x3
The Zamboanga Valientes was among the pioneer teams of the Chooks-to-Go Pilipinas 3x3 league which played in the inaugural season in 2018.
The Family's Brand Sardines and the Valientes, which had prior shared history in the MPBL, fielded separate teams in the 2020 Chooks to Go Pilipinas 3x3 season.
For the 2020 season which was organized within a "bubble" format due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Valientes fielded an all-Zamboangeño team, with all players native to Zamboanga City.
Pilipinas VisMin Super Cup
The Zamboanga Valientes as JPS Zamboanga City MLV fielded a team at the Pilipinas VisMin Super Cup.
PBA 3x3
Zamboanga Valientes received an invitation to participate in the inaugural season of the PBA 3x3 league in 2021. It became the first non-franchise team to confirm its participation in the PBA league. The team took a leave of absence for the second conference of the season due to its roster being hampered by injuries.
Other
After the 2020 Chooks-to-Go Pilipinas 3x3 season, Zamboanga Valientes decided to begin competing in international tournaments. They competed and won the title in the 3X3 Christmas Hustle which was organized in Canberra, Australia in December 2020.
Management
The Zamboanga Valientes is supported by local businesspeople Cory Navarro and Mike Venezuela and had sanction from Zamboanga City's mayor, Beng Climaco.
Current roster
The following is the Zamboanga Valientes for the 2021 PBA 3x3 season.
References
Zamboanga City
Basketball teams in the Philippines
Chooks-to-Go Pilipinas 3x3 teams
National Basketball Conference teams
Liga Pilipinas teams
2006 establishments in the Philippines
Basketball teams established in 2006
PBA 3x3 teams
National Basketball League (Philippines) teams
Sergey Grigoryev (born 7 October 1937) is a Soviet racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1937 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Soviet male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pusaka is a Sanskrit word meaning treasure or heirloom.
Within Javanese Kejawen culture and other Austronesian cultures affected by it, known as the Malays, but most specifically the inhabitants of modern-day Indonesia and Malaysia (Minangs), Balinese, Bataks, Bugis, Manado, Minang, Moro, Pampangan, Tagalog and many others, pusaka specifically refers to family heirlooms inherited from ancestors, which must be treasured and protected. These pusaka may have individual names, honorific titles and may have supernatural attributes and qualities. The possessor of the pusaka may be positively or negatively affected by the pusaka, depending on the will or spirit of the item.
The Javanese warrior-king Pangeran Sambernyawa's keris was a pusaka so powerful that merely pointing at the distant Chinese, Dutch or other enemies, it would snatch their souls and leave them dead on the battlefield. Allegedly, former Indonesian President Suharto held possession of this powerful pusaka and had Indonesia scoured for the many pusaka lost to time, including, according to rumours, the mask of Gadjah Mada, several tombak (pikes and lances) and many keris, to affirm their legitimacy as a modern pseudo-king.
Javanese culture
Antiques
Steve Reed (born 6 January 1956) is a former footballer who played for Doncaster Rovers mainly as a full back and went on to coach Doncaster Belles.
Playing career
Reed initially played for the Doncaster Rovers Juniors side and then became an apprentice. During this time, as a 17-year-old, they were selected for training at Lilleshall with the England Youth Team.
Their debut for the first team came in English Division 4 on 26 August 1972 in a 3–1 defeat at Cambridge United when they came on as substitute. The first of their two League goals didn't come until 21 March 1975 in a 3–2 home victory over Swansea City.
Their last game for Rovers was in December 1978. After making a total of 161 Leagues, FA Cup and League Cup appearances, and scoring 4 goals, Reed went to play for Gainsborough Trinity.
Coaching
Reed coached FA Women's Premier League club Doncaster Belles during the 2000–01 season when they finished as runners-up.
Honours
Doncaster Rovers
Sheffield and Hallamshire County Cup winner 1975–76
References
1956 births
Living people
Footballers from Doncaster
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
Wat Bakan (, ) is a pagoda in Trapeang chorng commune, Bakan District of Pursat Province in Cambodia. It is one of the oldest active pagodas in the country, thought to be at least 800 years old.
References
Buddhist temples in Cambodia
Buildings and structures in Pursat province
Nova iznenađenja za nova pokolenja (New surprises for new generations) is the fourth album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Serbian record label PGP RTB in 1990. This is the last album to feature the name Disciplina Kičme, as the following releases were released under the alternative band name Disciplin A Kitschme.
Track listing
All tracks by Zeleni Zub, except track 7, written by Pop Mašina.
Personnel
The band
Sai Baba (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals, written by
Gul Tantor (Srđan Gulić) — drums
Jy Robokapov (Jurij Novoselić) — saxophone [alt]
Žele Zerkman (Zoran Erkman) — trumpet
Additional personnel
Zeleni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — music by, lyrics by, producer
Milan Ćirić — recorded by
Vlada (Vladimir Žežel) — recorded by
Đuka — drums [tapan] on the tracks 2, 4, 6 and 11
Bilja B. (Biljana Babić) — drums on track 7
Maša Ž. (Maša Žilnik) — backing vocals on tracks 8 and 10
Vesna B. (Maša Žilnik) — backing vocals on tracks 8 and 10
Vinetu — backing vocals on track 8
Legacy
In 2000, the song "Buka u modi" was polled No.88 on Rock Express Top 100 Yugoslav Rock Songs of All Times list.
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Nova iznenađenja za nova pokolenja at Discogs
1991 albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
PGP-RTB albums
Adam Henry (born in Pueblo, CO, 1974) is an American artist. They live and works in Brooklyn, NY.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2015 : Repetition (Repetition), Meessen De Clercq, Brussels (Belgium)
2014 : Alien Beatnik Siren, Joe Sheftel Gallery, New York (USA)
2013 : An aspen's inability to be a pine, Meessen De Clercq, Brussels (Belgium)
2012 : In Spectral Form, Joe Sheftel Gallery, New York (USA)
Selected group exhibitions
2016
Absolute Beginners, Lucien Terras, New York (USA)
Future Developments, David Petersen Gallery, Minneapolis (USA)
Bewegung Auge Kopf Hand, Villa Merkel – Bahnwärterhaus, Esslingen am Neckar (Germany)
Spirit Your Mind, curated by Marie Maertens and Anissa Touati. DAD Video program, Apple TV
Vitreous Humour, Kansas, New York (USA)
2015
A.N.T.H.R.O.P.O.C.E.N.E, Meessen De Clercq, Brussels (Belgium)
LOOM, Lucien Terras, New York (USA)
Painting the Sky Blue, Stefan Lundgren Gallery, Palma de Mallorca (Spain)
Crunchy, organized by Gregory Linn and Clayton Press, Marianne Boesky Gallery, New York (USA)
Post Analog Painting, The Hole, New York (USA)
The Two States of W.W., curated by Andrew Prayzner, TSA New York, Brooklyn (USA)
2014
Homo Ludens, Meessen De Clercq, Brussels (Belgium)
This One's Optimistic: Pincushion, New Britain Museum of American Art, New Britain (USA)
Parallax Futured: Transtemporal Subjectivities, Skirball Museum, Cincinnati (USA)
Post-Psychedelic Dreams, Grey Area / Glenn Horowitz Bookseller, East Hampton (USA)
Go With the Flow, The Hole, New York (USA)
2013
Page 179, Artforum, September 2013, Brennan & Griffin, New York (USA)
Xtraction, The Hole, New York (USA)
Art Los Angeles Contemporary solo presentation, Joe Sheftel Gallery, New York (USA)
The Medium's Session, Zeitgeist, Nashville (USA)
2012
Workspace Program Exhibition 2012, Dieu Donné, New York (USA)
Specifically Yours, Joe Sheftel Gallery, New York (USA)
Retrospect, Charles Bank Gallery, New York (USA)
2011
The Third Order, Charles Bank Gallery, New York (USA)
Anonymous Presence, Y Gallery, New York (USA)
Painted Pictures, Blackston Gallery, New York (USA)
Neon Sigh, Twistcooparcadia, Nashville (USA)
In the Heavens of our Imagination…, Lost Coast Culture Machine, Fort Bragg (USA)
2010
Gradation, Portugal Arte 10-Portuguese Biennial, Lisbon (Portugal)
2009
On From Here, Guild and Greyshkul, New York (USA)
NADA County Affair, curated by Johannes Vanderbeek, Brooklyn (USA)
Room Tones, St Cecilia's Convent, Brooklyn (USA)
Fortress to Solitude, 1 Grattan, curated by Guillermo Cruies, Brooklyn (USA)
2008
Blank, curated by Yi Zhou, Median Museum, Beijing (China)
Plastic Topography, South Street Seaport Museum, New York (USA)
The Map, curated by Vandana Jian, ROCA, Nyack (USA)
2007
Blank, Ke Center for Contemporary Art, Shanghai (China)
Aqua Exhibition, Acuna-Hansen, Los Angeles (USA)
2006
Passport -International Globus Dislocater, Roebling Hall, Brooklyn (USA)
Invitational, Roski Gallery, University of Southern California, Los Angeles (USA)
2005
Working Space, Cuchifritos Project Space, New York (USA)
All of a Piece, Geoffrey Young Gallery, Great Barrington (USA)
2004
A Slow Read, Rotunda Gallery, Brooklyn (USA)
Irrational Exuberance, Stephan Stux Gallery, New York (USA)
2003
Fresh Meat, Center for Experimental and Perceptual Art, Buffalo (USA)
Metastisize, BRAC, Bronx (USA)
Toward a High-end Theory, Minnesota Center for Photography, Minneapolis (USA)
Labor Day, Rare Gallery, New York (USA)
2002
The Accelerated Grimace, Silverstein Gallery, New York (USA)
Aim 22, Bronx Museum of the Arts, Bronx (USA)
Love and Ardor, Geoffrey Young Gallery, Great Barrington (USA)
2000
Location, Midway Contemporary Art, Minneapolis (USA)
Waiting List, Geoffrey Young Gallery, Great Barrington (USA)
1999
To Detail, Geoffrey Young Gallery, Great Barrington (USA)
MFA Thesis Exhibition, Yale Art Gallery, New Haven (USA)
1998
Norfolk Art Division, Norfolk (USA)
New Talent at Yale, Yale Art Gallery, New Haven (USA)
Luggage Show, The Luggage Store Gallery, San Francisco (USA)
Shrink, Southern Exposure Gallery, San Francisco (USA)
References
External links
Official website
Adam Henry: God Speed Speed Demon
1974 births
Artists from Colorado
Living people
Michari (Miss-sHAR-I) is a violet and pink flower that can be found in Montego Bay, Jamaica.It is very rare and sacred and often worn as a design on the dress, and hair of Mami Wata, a goddess in the voodoo religion.
Voodoo
Océan Lock is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi. The adjacent locks are Mediterranee Lock 5190 metres to the east and Emborrel Lock 4157 metres to the west. Ocean Lock marks the start of the summit section of the canal when travelling west to east.
It is located in the commune of Montferrand, Aude.
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Seuil de Naurouze
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Quest is a 2017 documentary film following a north-Philadelphia family over eight years.
Synopsis
Quest follows the north-Philadelphia Rainey family over eight years.
Release
Quest premiered on January 22, 2017 at the Sundance Film Festival. It was also screened at the True/False Film Festival and the Zurich Film Festival, among others. It was released theatrically on December 8, 2017. After its theatrical release, it was aired on the PBS show POV.
Critical response
Quest was met with positive reviews from critics during its festival screenings. Guy Lodge of Variety gave the film a positive review, writing that director Olshefski and editor Utz "beautifully [carve] out a film that feels at once narratively firm and organically shaped from over 300 hours of footage across the years." Brian Tallerico, writing for RogerEbert.com, wrote that Quest "transcends that simple set-up to feel like something greater through the marvelous likability and relatability of the Raineys."
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a "certified fresh" approval rating of 98% based on 60 reviews, and an average rating of 7.88/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Simultaneously sweeping and intimate, Quest uses one family's experiences to offer trenchant, wide-ranging observations about modern American life." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 88 out of 100, based on 18 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".
Quest was nominated for the 2018 Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature. After airing on television, Quest was nominated for the 2019 News and Documentary Emmy Award for Outstanding Documentary and Outstanding Social Issue Documentary.
References
External links
Quest on POV
2017 films
2010s English-language films
2017 documentary films
American documentary films
Films shot in Philadelphia
2010s American films
Nhlanhla is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Nhlanhla Dlamini (born 1986), South African basketball player with Vaal University of South Africa's Premier Basketball League
Nhlanhla Khuzwayo (born 1990), South African international footballer
Nhlanhla Nene (born 1958), the Minister of Finance of South Africa, appointed on 25 May 2014
Joe Nhlanhla (1936–2008), African National Congress national executive and the former South African Intelligence Minister
Nhlanhla Shabalala (born 1985), South African football (soccer) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club AmaZulu
Nhlanhla Vilakazi (born 1987), South African professional footballer
See also
Nahla (disambiguation)
Jackson A. Todd (born November 20, 1951 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. They represented the United States at the 1971 Pan American Games, where they won a silver medal.
College career
Todd was originally drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the eleventh round of the 1970 Major League Baseball draft out of Will Rogers High School, but did not sign with the team. Instead, they opted to play college baseball at the University of Oklahoma. During their time as a member of the Oklahoma Sooners baseball team of the now defunct Big Eight Conference, they were named to the All-Conference second team as a first-year student (), and the All-Conference first team their sophomore and junior years. In & , Todd was also a third team All-American. Todd pitched thirteen complete games during the 1973 season, a university record which still stands today. During the 1972 College World Series, Todd pitched fourteen innings in two games without allowing an earned run. After three seasons at Oklahoma, Todd was selected in the second round of the 1973 Major League Baseball draft by the New York Mets, and decided to forgo a senior season at Oklahoma.
New York Mets
After two seasons in the Mets' farm system, Todd was diagnosed with cancer. The tumor and lymph nodes were removed from their lower stomach, followed by chemotherapy, which caused them to lose their hair, and their weight dropped from 195 lbs. to 168. Against all odds, Todd recovered in time to join the double A Jackson Mets midway through the season, and went 3–4 with a 3.17 earned run average.
In , Todd played for the Tidewater Tides of the International League and pitched in 26 games, going 13–9 with a 2.91 ERA. They played part of the season in Tidewater, and made their major league debut on May 5, 1977 against the Los Angeles Dodgers, pitching an inning of relief for Tom Seaver and allowing one hit and no runs. They earned their first win in their first start on May 19 against the San Francisco Giants. With two outs in the eighth inning, Todd lost a shutout (it would have been their only career shutout). They also collected their only career hit in seventeen career at bats against Ed Halicki. For the season, they went 3–6 with a 4.77 ERA in nineteen appearances, ten starts.
Toronto Blue Jays
During Spring training , Todd was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies for minor league infielder Ed Cuervo. They spent the season playing for their home town minor league team, Oklahoma City 89ers, where they went 3–4 with a 4.61 ERA. They were released by the Phillies at the start of the season, and signed on with the Toronto Blue Jays shortly afterward.
Todd spent the first half of the 1979 season with the Syracuse Chiefs, where they went 9–4 with a 3.34 ERA. An injury to starting pitcher Jim Clancy opened a door for Todd to receive a call to the majors in August. Despite getting hit hard by the Kansas City Royals in their first appearance, they made their only start of the season five days later in the first game of a doubleheader with the Chicago White Sox. They allowed five earned runs in seven plus innings to take the loss. From there, Todd was relegated to "mop up duty," making ten more appearances, all in losses.
Todd's season mirrored their 1979 season in that they began the season in Syracuse, and joined the Blue Jays in August, but the similarities end there. They were immediately inserted into the starting rotation. They ended up with a no decision in both of their first two starts, despite handing the game over to the bullpen with a lead in both cases. In their third start, they earned a complete game victory over the Minnesota Twins. For the season, they made twelve starts, and went 5–2 with a career best 3.96 ERA. Despite this moderate success, they were demoted to Syracuse, where they spent the season.
Career stats
Todd played for the Houston Astros' Pacific Coast League affiliate, the Tucson Toros in . After taking the season off, they split the season between the Chicago White Sox's and Baltimore Orioles' farm system, but did not see any more major league action. Shortly afterwards, Todd had started their coaching career, as pitching coach with the triple A Denver Zephyrs. In , they moved over to the Texas Rangers organization. After a year with the Class A Gastonia Rangers, they went up to the double A Tulsa Drillers in . After also spending time with the Milwaukee Brewers and San Diego Padres organizations, Todd went back to the University of Oklahoma in as their pitching coach.
References
External links
Jackson Todd at Ultimate Mets Database
1951 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Baseball players at the 1971 Pan American Games
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Charlotte O's players
Jackson Mets players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Memphis Blues players
New York Mets players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Orlando Juice players
Pan American Games medalists in baseball
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
St. Lucie Legends players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tidewater Tides players
Toronto Blue Jays players
Tucson Toros players
Victoria Toros players
Medalists at the 1971 Pan American Games
Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks players
The Ministry of Human Resources (), abbreviated MOHR, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for skills development, labour, occupational safety and health, trade unions, industrial relations, industrial court, labour market information and analysis, social security.
Organisation
Minister of Human Resources
Deputy Minister of Human Resources
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Legal Division
Internal Audit Unit
Corporate Communication Unit
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Integrity Unit
Deputy Secretary-General (Policy and International)
Policy Division
Institute of Labour Market Information and Analysis
International Division
National Wages Consultative Council
Deputy Secretary-General (Operations)
Development, Financial and Human Resources Division
Management Services Division
Account Division
Information Management Division
Inspectorate and Enforcement Division
Federal departments
Department of Labour of Peninsular Malaysia, or Jabatan Tenaga Kerja Semenanjung Malaysia (JTKSM). (Official site)
Department of Occupational Safety and Health (DOSH), or Jabatan Keselamatan dan Kesihatan Pekerjaan (JKKP). (Official site)
Industrial Court of Malaysia, or Mahkamah Perusahaan Malaysia. (Official site)
Manpower Department, or Jabatan Tenaga Manusia (JTM). (Official site)
Department of Skills Development (DSD), or Jabatan Pembangunan Kemahiran. (Official site)
Centre for Instructor and Advanced Skill Training (CIAST), or Pusat Latihan Pengajar dan Kemahiran Lanjutan. (Official site)
Department of Trade Union Affairs, or Jabatan Hal Ehwal Kesatuan Sekerja (JHEKS). (Official site)
Department of Labour Sarawak, or Jabatan Tenaga Kerja Sarawak. (Official site)
Department of Labour Sabah, or Jabatan Tenaga Kerja Sabah. (Official site)
Department of Industrial Relations Malaysia, or Jabatan Perhubungan Perusahaan Malaysia (JPP). (Official site)
Productivity-Linked Wage System (PLWS), or Sistem Upah yang Dikaitkan dengan Produktiviti. (Official site)
Federal agencies
Social Security Organisation (SOCSO), or Pertubuhan Keselamatan Sosial (PERKESO). (Official site)
Human Resources Development Fund (HRDF), or Kumpulan Wang Pembangunan Sumber Manusia (KWPSM). (Official site)
National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), or Institut Keselamatan dan Kesihatan Pekerjaan Negara. (Official site)
Skills Development Fund Corporation, or Perbadanan Tabung Pembangunan Kemahiran (PTPK). (Official site)
Institute of Labour Market Information and Analysis (ILMIA), or Institut Maklumat Dan Analisa Pasaran Buruh. (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Human Resources is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
Occupation and Labour Standards
Employment Act 1955 [Act 265]
Labour Ordinance (Sabah Cap. 67)
Labour Ordinance (Sarawak Cap. 76)
Workers' Minimum Standards of The Housing and Amenities Act 1990 [Act 446]
Children and Young Persons (Employment) Act 1966 [Act 350]
Private Employment Agencies Act 1981 [Act 246]
Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act 2007 [Act 670]
Employment (Restriction) Act 1968 (Revised 1988) [Act 353]
Employment Information Act 1953 [Act 159]
Holidays Act 1951 [Act 369]
Weekly Holidays Act 1950 [Act 220]
Holidays Ordinance (Sabah Cap. 56)
Public Holidays Ordinance (Sarawak Cap. 8)
Occupational Safety and Health
Factories and Machinery Act 1967 [Act 139]
Petroleum (Safety Measures) Act 1984 [Act 302]
Occupational Safety And Health Act 1994 [Act 514]
Industrial Relations
Industrial Relations Act 1967 [Act 177]
Trade Unions Act 1959 [Act 262]
Social Security
Employees' Social Security Act 1969 [Act 4]
Workmen's Compensation Act 1952 [Act 273]
National Wages Consultative Council Act 2011 [Act 732]
Minimum Retirement Age Act 2012 [Act 753]
Skills Development
Pembangunan Sumber Manusia Berhad Act 2001 [Act 612]
Skills Development Fund Act 2004 [Act 640]
National Skills Development Act 2006 [Act 652]
Vision
To be the leading agency in the development and management of a world class workforce.
Mission
To grow and increase a workforce that is productive, informative, discipline, caring and responsive to the changing labor environment towards increasing the economic growth and hence create more job opportunities.
To encourage and maintain conducive and harmonised industrial relationships between employers, employees and trade unions for the nation's economic development and wellness of people.
To uphold social justice and ensure harmonious industrial relations through solving industrial dispute between employer and employee and awarding collective agreement.
To ensure trade unions practice democracy in an orderly manner and is responsible to assist achieving the objective of industrial harmony.
To be the leader in development of nation's human resources.
To ensure safety and health of workforce is assured.
To develop skilled, knowledgeable and competitive workforce in a harmonious industrial relation with social justice.
See also
Minister of Human Resources (Malaysia)
References
External links
Ministry of Human Resources
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia, Human Resources
Labour in Malaysia
Riverbend is a 1989 film directed by Sam Firstenberg. The screenplay was written by Samuel Vance, who produced the film.
Plot
Three rebellious African-American army officers disobey orders in Vietnam and refuse to destroy a village inhabited with innocent people. They are sent to Georgia and are going to be court-martialed. The officers know that justice will not be served and manage to escape. The fugitives end up in the small town of Riverbend, taking refuge in the home of a sympathetic widow. The town is controlled by a brutal, racist sheriff who kills those opposing them and takes whatever they want from the terrified residents. This bothers one of the officers who, with plans to take down the sheriff, convinces the others to help them create a secret training camp in the woods. They then begin recruiting the local African-Americans men and training them for combat. When they are prepared, the angry rebels take over the town, incarcerate the sheriff and all their cohorts and hold the rest of the town hostage in a church until their demands for media attention and an end to racism are met.
Principal cast
Availability
Although the film is not available on DVD, it can be found on VHS on sites such as Amazon.com.
References
External links
The official trailer for Riverbend
1989 films
1980s action thriller films
Films set in 1966
Films set in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films set in Vietnam
Films shot in Texas
American independent films
Films about race and ethnicity
Vietnam War films
Films directed by Sam Firstenberg
1980s American films
1990s American films
Vic Batchelder ( – ) was a British ice hockey journalist.  They are a member of the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame.
Early life
Batchelder was working as a railway police officer in London when they began attending Wembley Lions games. They quit the police force after becoming disillusioned after a colleague suffered a violent attack. After quitting the police force they worked for a finance company.
Career
Vic became club secretary for the Nottingham Panthers in the early 1980s. They soon started documenting and publishing information such as match reports and stories.
In September 1981 Batchelder started the ice hockey magazine, Ice Hockey News Review, as a fortnightly publication. They continued to write and edit the magazine until they sold it in September 1999 due to ill-health. However, they continued to write for the magazine until their death from cancer in 2001.
Vic Batchelder was inducted to the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 2000 for their services to the sport in the United Kingdom.
In the 2003–04 season, Ice Hockey Journalists UK created the Vic Batchelder Memorial Award which is given at the end of each season to the young British player of the year.
References
External links
British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame entry
1940 births
2001 deaths
British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
British sports journalists
Henry Tenison (1667-1709) was an Irish M.P.
The eldest son of Richard Tenison of Carrickfergus, Bishop of Meath and their wife Anne, they represented Monaghan County in the Irish House of Commons from 1695 to 1699, and thereafter represented Louth from 1703 until their death.
They were educated at Trinity College Dublin and the Middle Temple. A man of scholarly tastes, they were a college friend of Jonathan Swift. Later, for a few years, they formed part of the intellectual circle which grew up around Esther Johnson, Swift's beloved Stella.
They were an active and dedicated Parliamentarian, supporting measures on social and moral reform, to strengthen the Church of Ireland, and to suppress the Roman Catholic faith. They worked hard to secure the passage of the Popery Act 1703, which was widely regarded as an attempt to eliminate the Catholic landowning class completely, and was consequently subject to fierce attacks by prominent members of that class like Sir Theobald Butler.
They married Anne Moore (died 1798), daughter and
co-heiress of Thomas Moore of Knockballymore, County Fermanagh, a cousin of the Earl of Drogheda, and had four children, including Thomas Tennison, judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland) and Mary, who married Nicholas Coddington of Oldbridge, County Meath, and had with other issue Dixie Coddington MP. After their own and
their wife's early deaths, their children were evidently raised by their brother Richard Tennison. They lived at Dillonstown, County Louth.
References
17th-century Irish people
People from Carrickfergus
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Monaghan constituencies
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Members of the Middle Temple
1667 births
1709 deaths
Go is the third studio album by American recording artist Mario, released by J Records on December 11, 2007. It is Mario's first album to receive a parental advisory sticker in the United States, and their second to receive a parental advisory sticker in the UK.
The album includes songs written and produced by Akon, Timbaland, The Neptunes, Stargate, Mr. Collipark, Polow da Don and with guests such as Juelz Santana and Rich Boy.
The first single released was "How Do I Breathe", and the music video premiered exclusively on May 23, 2007 on BET. For their second single, on Mario's official website, they asked fans to vote for the next single from the choices, "Why", "Kryptonite", or "Crying Out for Me". The second single officially released was "Crying Out for Me", with the music video premiering on September 17, 2007 on BET, again. Although not an official single, Mario did shoot a video for the song "Do Right" using clips from the MTV documentary surrounding their mother's substance abuse. It was released as a promotional single for the album. The official third (fourth in total) single was "Music for Love" which was released in April 2008.
Recording and production
Mario worked with many producers on the album, most notably Scott Storch and Pharrell with whom they recorded a song called, "Faith".
Release and promotion
The album was originally scheduled to be released on November 28, 2006 under the title "Mario Barrett - Effortless". It was to be the first album in which Mario would use their full name. The album then had several release dates in 2007 including: April 4, May 8, July 31, August 21, October 9, and finally November 27 - coincidentally, exactly a year after the first date announced. The album was eventually released on December 10, 2007 in the United Kingdom and December 11, 2007 in the United States.
In an interview Mario was asked on the delays of the album, "Your second album, "Turning Point", was released back in December [2004], so who or what do you think is most responsible for the delay in-between the albums?" Mario answered, that they had "a few legal situations to work through, which set their album back 6 to 8 months", adding that, they now have "more control over their projects and albums they get done."
In 2007 Mario toured with Dijon Thomas, the tour was called Do Right Tour. In 2008, Mario was scheduled as the tour's opening act for all dates of Ms. Kelly Tour with Kelly Rowland, to promote their album Go.
On July 2, 2008, Courtney Galliano & Joshua Allen from the U.S. television reality program and dance competition So You Think You Can Dance, danced to "Skippin" as the part of the competition.
Critical response
Go received favorable reviews from critics. Andy Kellman of Allmusic gave the album four out of five stars, characterized the album as "the singer's strongest release yet, easily apparent after one listen, a credit that can be distributed equally between an ever-improving artist and their collaborators". They also said "Go is indeed Mario's most aggressive and assertive album, but no other song comes close to out-vulgarizing "Go" itself."
Mark Edward Nero from About.com said that "Go is the first Mario album that carries a parental advisory sticker, and for very good reason. They stated too "Mario has bitten a big chunk out of Usher's vocal style, plus added some R. Kelly-style raunch to their lyrics, seemingly to shake things up and throw some dirt on their previously squeaky clean image. But Mario's occasional bawdiness here is crude, distasteful and completely unnecessary," and gave the album three out of five stars.
Nathan S. from DjBooth.net writes that "it feels like "How Do I Breathe" dropped so long ago it must have been off their last album, but the fact that the Stargate-produced ballad still works is proof of its longevity. How Do I Breathe doesn't break new ground for Mario, it's probably the most immature song on the album, but I'm secure enough in my manhood to admit I've sung along in the car". they end saying "That's why it's such a shame the lyrics are so shaky; the track opens with the declaration “You may be young but you're ready.” I'm sorry, what? Call me crazy, but the last thing I want to think about when I'm listening to a slow jam is possible statutory rape charges. Then again, I'm sure R. Kelly loved it. "Right And A Wrong Way" isn't the album's only slip-up; "No Definition", "Let Me Watch" and "Music For Love" all fall short of perfect, but if they sound lacking it's only because Mario's has raised the bar so high on the rest of the album". They rate the album has four Spins Solid out of five Spins Solid.
Shopie Bruce of BBC Music characterizes the album as "A good mix of romantic ballads and up-tempo floorfillers."
Chart performance
The album debut at #21 on the Billboard 200 with around 78,000 copies sold. As of January 15, 2009, has sold 331,540 copies in the U.S.
Singles
"How Do I Breathe" was released as the album's first single on May 15, 2007. It was not as successful as previous releases, reaching #46 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #18 on Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. It was more successful elsewhere, reaching #17 in New Zealand and #21 in the UK, where it debuted at #30 based on download sales alone.
The album's second single "Crying Out For Me," released August 21, 2007, was more successful in the U.S., peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #33 on the Billboard Hot 100. The CD single went Gold on RIAA, becoming the third most successful single by Mario in the U.S. That single was less successful in other markets.
"Do Right" was released as a promotional third single and became a radio hit, but did not chart due to having an unofficial release.
The fourth (third official) and final single from the album, "Music for Love," was released on April 3, 2008, but failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, reaching #101 on Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles. It did however reach #18 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
signifies a vocal producer
Personal and credits
Vocals: Mario
Choir, chorus: Stacie Davis, Esther Dean, Shari M. Gary, Kim McCoy, English Norman, Dawn Toran, Sam Salter, Crystal Johnson, Larel Frederick, Nastacia "Nazz" Kendall & Alan Austin
Engineers: Andrew Mezzi, Princeton, Carlton Lynn, Vernon Mungo, Ralph Cacciurri, Darren Moore, Andrew Coleman, Dave Hyman, Geoffrey Rice, Kori Anders, Corey Stocker, Mikkel S. Eriksen & Tony Terrebonne
Instrumentation: Stee, Tor Erik Hermanson & Mikkel S. Eriksen (aka Stargate)
Guitar: Mike Hartnett & Tony Love
Keyboards: Elvis Williams
Keyboards, programming: Giorgio Tuinfort
Executive producer: Peter Edge, J.Erving, Mario & Rick Frazier John lopez
Mastered: David Kutch
Creative direction/Design: Jane Marledge
Photography: Patrick Holeck
Assistant: Lloyd Copper, Jared Robbins & Mike Miller
Vocal producers: Jevon Hill, Nelly & Avery Storm
Mixing: Manny Marroquin, Phil Tan & Jean-Marie Horvat
Digital editing: Colin Miller
Featuring vocals: Juelz Santana & Rich Boy
Locations and studios
Recording locations and studios included:
Battery Studios, New York, New York
Dirty South Studios, Atlanta, Georgia
Doppler Studios, Atlanta, Georgia
MTS Recording
Patchwerk Records Studios, Atlanta, Georgia
Silent Sound Studios, Atlanta, Georgia
Sony Music Studios, New York, New York
South Beach Studios, Miami, Florida
St. Louis, Missouri
Thomas Crown Headquarters, Virginia Beach, Virginia
Transcon Studios, Orlando, Florida
Zac Digital, Atlanta, Georgia
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2007 albums
Albums produced by Akon
Albums produced by Big Reese
Albums produced by Jasper Cameron
Albums produced by Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon
Albums produced by Mr. Collipark
Albums produced by Polow da Don
Albums produced by Scott Storch
Albums produced by Sean Garrett
Albums produced by Stargate
Albums produced by Teddy Riley
Albums produced by the Neptunes
Albums produced by Timbaland
J Records albums
Mario (American singer) albums
Albums produced by Oak Felder
Aabroo may refer to:
Aabroo (1943 film), a Bollywood film
Aabroo (1968 film), a Hindi romantic crime drama film
Catholic Colony is a neighborhood in Jamshed Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Initially a Christian neighborhood, it was constructed as two projects known as Catholic Colony No. 1 and Catholic Colony No. 2.
The Catholic Colony 1 and 2 were new developments in the early 1900s and considered to be on the outskirts of the city. After the partition of India in 1947, the rapid expansion of the city put the Catholic Colonies in the heart of Karachi.
Catholic Colony No. 1 is located opposite the Quaid's Mazar on M. A. Jinnah Road. Catholic Colony No. 2, is situated on Wedder Burn Road and Dadabhai Naoroji Road.
Catholic Colony No. 1 falls within St. Lawrence's Parish while Catholic Colony No. 2 is within the boundaries of Christ the King Parish.
This Catholic Colonies were built and supervised by Anthony Venantius.
The mother house of the Franciscan Missionaries of Christ the King is located in Catholic Colony No.2.
Parts of the colonies are in a poor state with water shortages on the one hand and subsidence on the other.
References
Neighbourhoods of Karachi
Jamshed Town
The Battle of Gawakuke was an engagement fought between the Sokoto Caliphate and the Gobir city-state at Gawakuke in northern Nigeria on 9 March 1836. The battle was a victory for Sokoto, and secured the Gobir kingdom's subordination to the caliphate.
In 1836, the Gobir kingdom revolted against the powerful Sokoto Caliphate, which had ruled Gobir since its initial conquest in 1808. To crush the rebellion, Sokoto Sultan Muhammed Bello and several of their allies marched to meet the rebels at Gawakuke, in northern Gobir territory. Bello's soldiers routed the assembled insurgent army and killed Gobir Sultan Ali, before embarking on a murderous campaign throughout the Gobir kingdom, burning villages and slaughtering peasants.
This battle was the last in a series of conflicts between Gobir and Sokoto that had lasted for nearly three decades. Muhammed Bello, the Sultan of Sokoto and commander of the army that defeated the rebels, died one year after the battle in 1837, at the age of 56.
Origins
The founder of the Sokoto Caliphate, Usman dan Fodio, conquered Gobir in 1808 toward the end of the Fulani War, in which the renowned scholar led a successful jihad against the kingdoms of northern Nigeria. However, the Gobir populace despised Sokoto rule, frequently revolting and conducting an extensive guerrilla warfare campaign against Sokoto merchants, which severely compromised trade within the sultanate. In 1830 then Sokoto Sultan Muhammed Bello agreed to a truce with the Gobir Sultan Ali, splitting the territory in conflict between Sokoto and Gobir control.
Members of the Gobir aristocracy, however, were angered by the terms of the truce, and plotted to disrupt the peace. The collaborators sent a package to Sultan Ali, residing in Sokoto territory, containing a set of butcher's knives. As per tradition, this intended insult implied Ali was a slave of the Sokoto Caliphate, outraging the Gobir Sultan. Ali felt they had endured enough ridicule for their peace with the Sokoto and renounced their allegiance to the Caliphate before fleeing to Gobir in order to gather their forces. Ali persuaded other kingdoms in northern Sokoto territory to ally themselves with him, including the Tuareg and Maradi tribes, before leading an assault on the undefended town of Karatu and killing its inhabitants.
News of the revolt enraged Sultan Bello. They mobilized their allies and marched north-east in early March 1836 with a diverse force from several kingdoms under Sokoto control. They reached Gawakuke with their army on March 9, intending to demolish the rebels.
Battle
The insurgent army was composed of camel-mounted cavalry, archers, and infantry spearmen under the leadership of Gobir Sultan Ali, Tuareg Chief Ibra, Maradi Chief Raudi, and Ali's brother, Baciri. Their assembled forces met Muhammed Bello's army on 9 March 1836; the armies faced one another in silence before commencing the pitched battle. After a fierce bout of fighting, the Tuareg contingent under Chief Ibra broke, and their troops were scattered. Muhammed Bello's forces pressed the attack and overpowered the remaining rebels, winning a decisive victory.
Two sources estimate the number of Gobir casualties to be somewhere between twenty and twenty-five thousand killed.
Aftermath
Sultan Ali and Maradi Chief Raudi were slain in battle, but Tuareg Chief Ibra and Baciri managed to escape. After the victory, Muhammed Bello and their army rampaged throughout Gobir territory and slaughtered those under the age of fifteen as punishment for the attack on Karatu.
The victory was the final battle in a long history of conflict between Gobir and Sokoto, and secured the kingdom's status as a protectorate of the Sokoto Caliphate. Muhammed Bello established a ribat, or fortified town, in the area to maintain the peace and prevent further uprisings.
References
Sources
Books
Websites
Sokoto
Conflicts in 1836
19th century in Africa
Countries in precolonial Africa
March 1836 events
Heterotropus is a genus of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae. It is the only genus in the subfamily Heterotropinae, which formerly contained at least four genera. There are more than 45 species in the genus Heterotropus.
References
Further reading
Bombyliidae
Taxa named by Theodor Becker
Taxa named by Hermann Loew
Serniawy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
George Dempsey may refer to:
George Dempsey (basketball) (1929–2017), American basketball player
George Dempsey (cyclist) (1905–1985), Australian Olympic cyclist
George Dempsey (diplomat), American diplomat
George Dempsey (teacher), Irish teacher
Juraci Moreira (born May 2, 1979 in Curitiba) is a triathlete from Brazil.
Moreira competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took 22nd place with a total time of 1:50:44.79. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Moreira competed again. They fell to 41st in the ranking with a time of 2:02:35.99. They returned to triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics where they finished 26th with a time of 1:51:35.57.
References
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
South American Games silver medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in triathlon
Competitors at the 2002 South American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Curitiba
20th-century Brazilian people
21st-century Brazilian people
Sir Richard Butler of Poletown, County Kilkenny (died 20 August 1619), was a descendant of the Butler family - the Earls of Ormond. They were the third son of Edmond Butler of Polestown. They were invested as a Knight on 21 April 1605. Their older brother Peter founded the "Roscrea" cadet branch of the family, which is in turn descended from the "Polestown" cadet branch.
Ancestry
James Butler, 3rd Earl of Ormond
Sir Richard Butler of Polestown, the second son of the 3rd Earl.
Sir Edmund MacRichard Butler, the eldest son of Sir Richard.
Walter Butler of Polestown, second son of Edmund MacRichard.
Edmond Butler of Polestown, the son of Walter. They were the father of Richard Butler of Polestown.
Through their ancestor Edmund MacRichard Butler, Sir Richard is related to the Polestown cadet branch of the family. Edmund MacRichard Butler's eldest son, Sir James Butler headed up the Polestown house. This line would go on to produce a series of Earls and Dukes of Ormond. "The MacRichard"'s second son, Walter, would go on to produce the "Roscrea" cadet line as well as the minor nobility of Baronets Polestown.
Children
Their sons were:
Edmond Butler, who was 24 years of age when their father died. On 20 November 1628, Edmond had a special livery of their estate. They married Ellice, daughter of Nicholas Shortall of Claragh, County Kilkenny and had issue,
Sir Walter Butler, 1st Baronet.
Richard
Peter
Walter
See also
Butler dynasty
References
External links
The Peerage
Richard
16th-century Irish people
The women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2010 Asian Games was held at the Aoti Main Stadium, Guangzhou, China on 24–25 November.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Legend
DNS — Did not start
Round 1
Qualification: First 3 in each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) advance to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
In the United States, Stop Snitchin or Snitches Get Stitches is a call for informants not to cooperate with law enforcement.
Origin
T-shirts bearing the phrase "Stop Snitching" first appeared on the streets of Philadelphia in 2002.
National prominence
The Stop Snitchin' campaign first gained national attention in late 2004 in Baltimore, Maryland, when a DVD released by Rodney Bethea titled "Stop Snitching!" began to circulate. However, the slogan "Stop Snitchin'" and many other variations have existed in the United States long before the campaign became popular.
In some footage, a number of men claiming to be drug dealers address the camera, and threaten violence against anyone who reports what they know about their crimes to the authorities. This threat is directed especially towards those who inform on others to get a lighter sentence for their own crimes. NBA star Carmelo Anthony briefly appeared in the video. In subsequent interviews, Anthony claimed that their appearance in the video was a joke, the product of their neighborhood friends making a home movie. Anthony claims that the film's message should not be taken seriously.
As the DVD spread across the country, corresponding shirts became popular in urban youth fashion. The shirts typically show a stop sign emblazoned with the words "Stop Snitchin'". Some shirts bear bullet holes, implying that snitches should (or will) be shot and sent to the hospital, thus referencing its associated catchphrase "snitches get stitches". The shirts have been more widely circulated than the original DVD.
The Diplomats, a Harlem-based rap group, made their own version of the Stop Snitchin' shirts, with their logo on the end of the short sleeves. Another such shirt says "I'll never Tell". A new breed of shirts appeared for sale in flea markets and bazaars in south Dallas, Texas, in mid-2010. The new shirts extolled the benefits of "keeping yo' mouth shut" in regards to a trial involving one "Fifi/Lisa" and one "Baldy/Red". Further details of the trial, including a list of various charges set forth on the couple, are listed on the back of the shirt.
The video's creator, Rodney Thomas, a.k.a. "Skinny Suge", pleaded guilty to first-degree assault on January 17, 2006, in Baltimore and was sentenced to 15 years in prison, with all but three years suspended.
National examples of violence due to "snitching" include Angela Dawson of Baltimore, who was killed along with their five children and husband on October 16, 2002, when their house was firebombed after they alerted police to illegal activities in their neighborhood. Another example is Michael Brewer of Deerfield Beach, Florida, a 15-year-old who, in October 2009, was doused in rubbing alcohol and set on fire after assailants yelled, "He's a snitch, he's a snitch."
Public reaction
In response to the video, the Baltimore Police Department created their own campaign, "Keep Talkin'", which used free DVDs and T-shirts in a method similar to that of the Stop Snitchin' campaign. Its goal was to assure potential state witnesses of their safety from retaliation and stress the importance of imprisoning lawbreakers.
In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Rayco Saunders was to be a witness against three men charged with plotting to kill him. But they showed up in court wearing a shirt that said "Stop Snitching" and refused to cooperate with prosecutors. Charges against the men were dismissed.
Left-wing activist rapper Immortal Technique gave a well-known interview to XXL in which they contended that Blacks and Latinos should not snitch until police officers begin informing on each other for brutality and agents of the American government take responsibility for their actions.
Rapper Cam'ron was featured on the April 22, 2007, edition of the television news program 60 Minutes, and was interviewed by Anderson Cooper about the "Stop Snitching" campaign. When asked if they would tell the police if a serial killer was living next to him, they replied: "I would probably move," but they would not inform the police. Cam'ron was a victim of a shooting that revealed no leads or clues because they refused to give police information about the suspect, claiming it would hurt their business and violate their "code of ethics". According to NYPD records, Cam'ron has cooperated with police in the past.
The entire Stop Snitchin' campaign has been parodied by an episode of the television series The Boondocks.
Some rappers, such as Ice Cube ("Stop Snitchin'" on Laugh Now, Cry Later), have made songs promoting the movement. Lil Wayne has a song called "Snitch" from their album, Tha Carter, and The Game has titled one of their mixtape albums/DVD, Stop Snitchin, Stop Lyin. Memphis' Project Pat also has a song called "Tell Tell Tell (Stop Snitchin)" from their album Crook by da Book: The Fed Story. Rapper Obie Trice has a song entitled "snitch" in which they say, "snitch and you will get hit".
Boston controversy
Boston mayor Thomas Menino announced that they would begin confiscating Stop Snitchin' shirts from local stores. Though Menino rapidly backed away from mandatory confiscation to endorse voluntary removal of the shirts by store owners, their proposals sparked considerable controversy locally and nationally. Though many saw the initiative as ineffective, counterproductive, or misleading, some community members in so called "high-crime" areas such as Dorchester defended the move as important to conquering fear on the streets and assisting in criminal prosecutions.
The shirts gained attention in Boston in 2004 when the mother of an alleged gang member (and a number of other spectators) wore the shirt during their son's trial for the shooting death of 10-year-old Trina Persad. Suffolk Superior Court Judge Margaret R. Hinkle successfully banned the shirts from the courtroom as a witness intimidation tactic.
An Antonio Ansaldi store in Dorchester removed Stop Snitchin' shirts from shelves after Marco Antonio Ennis, who owns the store and manufactures the shirts, met with the mayor, community members, and relatives of recent homicide victims. Other stores, including Bargain T and T in Roxbury agreed to cease selling the shirts.
The Stop Snitchin' debate was revived when a Boston judge banned the shirts from all state courthouses, also disallowing camera phones in the interest of witness protection.
The Snitching Project
The Snitching Project, led by Rick Frei of the Community College of Philadelphia, is an ongoing student-driven interdisciplinary research initiative aimed at developing a better understanding of the "snitching" phenomenon and facilitating community discussion through education. The project is sponsored by the Fox Rothschild Center for Law and Society.
Begun as an educational project in 2007, the Snitching Project relies on inner city students, who are on the front lines of the Stop Snitching culture, to collect data regarding attitudes towards snitching, as well as dispositional and situational variables that might influence a person's propensity to cooperate with police.
In January 2010, in response to scathing investigatory series on the Philadelphia court system in The Philadelphia Inquirer, Frei testified before the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs about the relationship between the Stop Snitching phenomenon and other forms of witness intimidation. Frei and their students have appeared as panelists on a number of local and national television and radio programs (TruTV), as well as academic conferences. In addition, the students organize and co-sponsor their own conference on the topic, entitled "The Shh! Conference: The Stop Snitching Phenomenon, Witness Intimidation, and Silence About Crime". In its third year, the conference has been attended by nearly 2,000 students and community members in Philadelphia Speakers included Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter, nationally syndicated and controversial hip-hop DJ STAR, Pulitzer Prize-nominated mob author George Anastasia, head of security for the Comcast Center Jim Birch, and Philadelphia District Attorney Integrity Officer Curtis Douglas. Recent topics have included the use of cell phones to record crimes, underage sexting, and the use of social media to intimidate witnesses. The current project focuses on the concept of street vs. decent family orientation (as conceptualized in Elijah Anderson's seminal ethnography Code of the Street: Decency, Violence, and the Moral Life of the Inner City) as a predictor of attitudes towards snitching and perceptions of disrespect.
The project also sponsors a student-created and -edited Facebook page, which includes copies of past surveys, results from the data collection effort, an extensive history of snitching, and links to relevant websites and articles on the topic of snitching.
Government Study
In 2007, the National Center for Victims of Crime released the study "'Snitches Get Stitches': Youth, Gangs, and Witness Intimidation in Massachusetts" which sought to "[develop] a comprehensive response to the more recent phenomenon of witness intimidation of primarily teen and young adult witnesses by street gangs." With the help of the Boys & Girls Clubs, 641 Massachusetts youth ages 12 to 20 were recruited to participate in interviews about "the prevalence and impact of gangs in the youths' communities and schools, their experiences with gang-related crime and witness intimidation, their relationships with law enforcement, and their ideas for making it safer for youth to report crime to law enforcement and school officials."
See also
Crime in Baltimore
Code of silence
Omertà
Witness intimidation
References
External links
""Witness Intimidation and the Snitching Project"" by Rick Frei, Written Testimony submitted to the Subcommittee on Drugs and Crime, U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary, January 8, 2010.
"America's Most Wanted". "Stop Snitching": Perpetuating A Culture Of Violence - Retrieved Feb 1, 2006.
"The Barbershop Notebooks - Marc Lamont Hill Snitching and its effects on society.
"Boston Phoenix Newspaper "It's gotta be the shirts" - By David S. Bernstein
"Stop Snitchin', rapper Cam'ron: Snitchin' Hurts Their Business: Code of Ethics
""Deadly Silence: Stop Snitching's Fatal Legacy"" by Ayah Young, Wiretap Magazine.
African-American organized crime
African-American-related controversies
Crime in Baltimore
Organized crime in Philadelphia
English phrases
Ralf "Bummi" Bursy (18 January 1956 – 14 February 2022) was a German pop and rock singer and music producer, who was particularly successful and popular in the German Democratic Republic until 1989.
Life
Bursy was born in East Berlin on 18 January 1956. They first completed an apprenticeship as a machine and plant mechanic and later a distance learning course at the Hanns Eisler School of Music Berlin. From 1977 to 1979, they sang in the hard rock band Regenbogen (Rainbow). This was the result of a school band formed with friends, the program consisted mainly of re-enacted songs by Uriah Heep and Deep Purple. They were known to a wider audience through the song Du machst mich verliebt (You make me love you) under the National Youth Festival band of the GDR in 1978. From 1979 to 1981, they were then lead singer of the band Keks (Biscuit) before joining the band Prinzip (Principle) in 1982.
After separation from the band in July 1986, they began a solo career under the stage name Ralf Bummi Bursy. Musically, they were accompanied by Conny Bauer (trombone), Ferry Grott (trombone), Rene Decker (saxophone), Reinhard Petereit (guitar), Judit Tudor (background), and the pop-jazz band Flair. In the next years they entered the East German music charts with various singles. Until 1989, the GDR-record label Amiga released two albums of Bursy and another one was published in 1992 by the Amiga successor DSB. The LP Wind im Gesicht (Wind in your face) sold more than 100,000 copies in the GDR. Six years later, with BMG, a newly chosen selection of their most famous songs was released.
After 1992 Bursy worked as a producer for Nena, Veronika Fischer and PM Sampson among others and for the company Jay Kay Music Entertainment. They later retired from the music business and owned several clothing stores in Berlin. They died on 14 February 2022 in Berlin, at the age of 66. Bursy left behind their wife and two children.
Discography
Albums
1987: Wind im Gesicht (Amiga)
1989: Irgendwo (Amiga)
1992: Schick mich auf die Reise (DSB)
1998: Eh die Liebe stirbt (BMG)
Singles & EPs
1986: Eh' die Liebe stirbt / Feuer im Eis / In der Tiefe der Nacht / Ein Lied (Amiga-Quartett)
2004: Keine Lügen mehr
References
External links
1956 births
2022 deaths
German male singers
German pop singers
German-language singers
People from East Berlin
Clark's Grant was a tract of land granted in 1781 to George Rogers Clark and the soldiers who fought with them during the American Revolutionary War by the state of Virginia in honor of their service. The tract was and located in present-day Clark County, Indiana, and parts of the surrounding counties.
Grant
During the American Revolutionary War, George Rogers Clark led the militia of Virginia in capturing a large part of the Illinois Country as part of the Illinois Campaign. Land was offered as an incentive to adventurers to sign up as soldiers and join the expedition. After the war ended, as a reward, Virginia granted the soldiers and officers land to make good their promise.
The grant was made by the legislature of Virginia on January 2, 1781, offering them land on the northwest side of the Ohio River. A commission of officers from the group was created and they were granted the right to choose any within the defined region. They chose a tract across the Ohio River opposite from Louisville, Kentucky, a settlement Clark had founded during the war. Their land included all present-day Clark County, Indiana, as well as part of the surrounding counties. The group took part in land speculation and they ultimately purchased the rights to a large part of southern Indiana. Early settlements in the grant included Clarksville and Jeffersonville.
Clark themselves was still owed a vast sum of money for helping to finance the campaigns which was never repaid to them during their life. Most of their land was taken from them by creditors, and they died nearly penniless and handicapped from injuries they sustained after the war. Virginia finally repaid most of their debt several years after their death.
Apportionment
Clark's Grant was the basis of the establishment of the first American settlements in the modern state of Indiana. The land was allotted during 1784. Clark themselves received the largest tract, containing over . Officers were also granted large tracts, and the 236 privates each were given a tract. The sergeants were each given tracts of . Higher-ranking officers were given progressively larger tracts. Each person was given one or more large tracts in the countryside, and one smaller tract. The smaller tracts were grouped together around the entire grants and were intended to become settlements. It was hoped that the soldiers would build their homes on the small tracts that were near together, and sell or farm the larger tracts granted to them in the countryside. There was some controversy over the grant, because privates were promised at least tracts at the start of the war as reward.
See also
History of Indiana
Notes
Sources
External links
Clarks Grant
Pre-statehood history of Indiana
Clark County, Indiana
Land grants
1781 establishments in North America
Ko 2 ( King 2) is a 2016 Indian political thriller film co-written and directed by Sarath, who earlier worked as associate director/screenplay writer for films like Unnaipol Oruvan and Billa II. The film is produced by Elred Kumar and stars Bobby Simha and Nikki Galrani, while Prakash Raj reprises their role from the first film. Bala Saravanan, Ilavarasu, and John Vijay play supporting roles. The music was composed by Leon James with editing by Richard Kevin.
This film is a remake of the 2014 Telugu film Prathinidhi, starring Nara Rohit. A stand-alone sequel to the successful 2011 film Ko, the film was planned to release in April 2016 but released on 13 May 2016.
Plot
A common man named Kumaran (Bobby Simha) kidnaps the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Yogeeswaran (Prakash Raj), at a private old age home event in Chennai. The news goes viral, and everyone from the local to the central cabinet starts taking the issue personally. Home Minister Thillainayagam (Ilavarasu) appoints Santhanapandian (John Vijay), the Police Commissioner of Tirunelveli, to rescue Yogeeswaran. Santhanapandian questions Bala (Bala Saravanan), a minister's son who was discovered unconscious at the scene of the kidnapping. Bala tells that they and Kumaran had become friends when Kumaran had saved them from a group of thugs, but they are shocked to see that they both of them love the same girl - Priyadharshini (Nikki Galrani). Bala also reveals that Kumaran willingly allowed them to pursue their relationship with Priyadharshini in exchange for making arrangements for Yogeeswaran to attend the old age home event.
Meanwhile, as Santhanapandian and their deputy, ACP Arivazhagan (Bharath Reddy), strive to get clues about Kumaran, Kumaran explains to Yogeeswaran their motive for kidnapping him. Kumaran was an orphan, but due to the efforts of an honest politician named Kumaraswamy (Nassar), who had sponsored him, they got a good education and became a journalist with the News7 TV channel. When they went to Kumaraswamy's house to thank them for their contribution to their life, they found out that Kumaraswamy had gone missing for many days. On further investigation, they learned that Kumaraswamy had been buried alive by Thillainayagam and their sons Kishore (Shan) and Prathap. Thillainayagam had contested against Kumaraswamy in the last election and had defeated them by rigging the vote, which forced Kumaraswamy to file a case against them and demand a recount. When Kumaraswamy refused to withdraw the case against him, Thillainayagam and their sons buried them alive. Kumaran then filed a case against Thillainayagam and asked Kumaraswamy's intellectually disabled son, also named Kumaran (Karunakaran), who was unaware that their father had been killed, to give the statement to the police inspector. However, the police inspector was Thillainayagam's aide and informed them about Kumaran. Thillainayagam's sons then took Kumaran on a bus and pushed them out en route. They were then run over by a lorry and died.
In order to avenge the deaths of Kumaraswamy and their son, Kumaran hatched a plan with Priyadharshini and Bala to kidnap Yogeeswaran in order to expose Thillainayagam slowly through false media reports based on false replies by Bala while being interrogated by the police. In the process, Thillainayagam's sons are taken into questioning. After being tortured, they eventually give in and expose Thillainayagam as Kumaraswamy's murderer, even giving them the location in Thillainayagam's lawn where Kumaraswamy was buried. Thillainayagam is arrested, and Kumaran releases Yogeeswaran. Kumaran also escapes from their hideout and poses as a journalist, while Yogeeswaran says that they cannot identify the kidnapper. Even Santhanapandian gives up on pursuing the kidnapper as the latter had kidnapped Yogeeswaran with good intentions.
Cast
Bobby Simha as Kumaran, a man who kidnaps Yogeeswaran in order to expose Thillainayagam
Prakash Raj as Chief Minister Yogeeswaran, who gets kidnapped by Kumaran while attending an old age home event
Nikki Galrani as Priyadharshini, a woman whom both Kumaran and Bala love but whom Kumaran sacrifices their love for
Bala Saravanan as Bala, Kumaran's friend who helps them kidnap Yogeeswaran
Ilavarasu as Home Minister Thillainayagam, the antagonist who wins an election unfairly and kills Kumaraswamy
John Vijay as Police Commissioner Santhanapandian, a man appointed by Thillainayagam to rescue Yogeeswaran
Nassar as Kumaraswamy, an honest politician who sponsors Kumaran but gets killed in the hands of Thillainayagam and their sons
Karunakaran as Kumaran, Kumaraswamy's son who did not know about their father's death but dies after getting run over by a lorry
Bharath Reddy as ACP Arivazhagan, Santhanapandian's deputy
Shan as Kishore, Thillainayagam's son
Reshma Pasupuleti as Shobana, a newsreader and Priyadharshini's friend who helps in exposing Thillainayagam
Mayilsamy as Yogeeswaran's party volunteer
Crane Manohar as Yogeeswaran's party volunteer
Gowtham
Ravi Venkatraman
Production
Following the success of Ko (2011) directed by K. V. Anand, the producers had floated the idea of a potential sequel with pre-production work beginning on a follow-up film featuring co-producer James in the lead role. The film, however, failed to take off and in April 2015, Elred Kumar announced that they would be producing Ko 2 and that the new venture would be made by an entirely different team. New actors and technicians were added to the team to replace those involved in the original, with Sarath announced as the director. Bobby Simha and Nikki Galrani were revealed to be the lead actors, while it was announced that Prakash Raj would play the role of a Chief Minister. Leon James, who made their debut with Kanchana 2, was signed on to compose the film's score and soundtrack.
In June 2015, the team released a motion poster and announced that the film was 50% complete.
Music
The film's score and soundtrack was composed by Leon James, in their first solo venture after previously working on two songs on Kanchana 2 alongside three other composers. The song "Unnai Matrinal" was released as a single track song as a tribute to ex-president A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, it was released on 14 August 2015. The album was released on 1 October 2015, but a promo for each song was released a week before. "Kohila" promo was released 22 September 2015, "Kannama" promo was released on 23 September 2015, and "Vidaadha" was released on 24 September 2015. Behindwoods rated the album 3 out of 5 and said, "The album stays true to the film's theme and also vouches for novel experimentation and musical feast!". The audio rights are secured by Sony Music.
References
External links
2016 films
Indian sequel films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian political thriller films
Tamil remakes of Telugu films
2016 directorial debut films
Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Madhara'i (died 884), surnamed al-Atrash ("the Deaf"), was the founder of the al-Madhara'i family of fiscal bureaucrats.
As its nisba shows, the family hailed from the village of Madharaya near Wasit in lower Iraq. Educated in the traditions of the Abbasid bureaucracy at Samarra, Ahmad and their sons moved to Egypt, where in 879 they were appointed director of finances (‘āmil) by Ahmad ibn Tulun, the autonomous ruler of Egypt and later Syria as well. Ahmad held their post until their death in 884, and appointed their two sons, Ali and al-Husayn as their representatives in Egypt and Syria respectively. This laid the foundations for the virtual monopolization of the fiscal affairs of Egypt and Syria by their descendants under the Tulunids, the restored Abbasid government, and the subsequent autonomous Ikhshidid dynasty until 946.
References
Sources
9th-century births
884 deaths
Al-Madhara'i family
Egypt under the Abbasid Caliphate
Medieval Iraqi people
Tulunid officials
Willie Earl Williams (born July 28, 1946) is a former National Basketball Association (NBA) player. Williams lettered two years in basketball at Florida State University after two years at Miami-Dade Community College. In the 1968-69 season, Williams averaged 7.8 points and 9.6 rebounds per game. The following season, Williams averaged 16.9 points and 11.0 rebounds per game. They were drafted with the fourth pick in the third round of the 1970 NBA Draft. After playing sixteen games with the Celtics in the 1970-71 NBA season, Williams was waived by the Celtics and then claimed off waivers by the Cincinnati Royals. In their one NBA season, Williams averaged 0.9 points and 0.9 rebounds per game.
References
1946 births
Living people
Basketball players from Miami
Boston Celtics draft picks
Boston Celtics players
Cincinnati Royals players
Florida State Seminoles men's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Miami-Dade Sharks men's basketball players
Sports coaches from Miami
American men's basketball players
Flirting with Disaster may refer to:
Films
Flirting with Disaster (film), 1996 American comedy film written and directed by David O. Russell
Television
"Flirting with Disaster", the 49th episode of The Simple Life (Goes to Camp 2007 series)
"Flirting with Disaster", the 32nd episode of Danny Phantom (Season 2: 2005–2006)
"Flirting with Disaster", the 8th episode of Rules of Engagement (Season 2)
"Flirting with Disaster", the 6th episode of The Real World: Cancun
"Flirting with Disaster", the 26th episode of season 6 (170th of the series) of Beverly Hills, 90210
"Flirting with Disaster", the 3rd episode of The Gregory Hines Show
"Flirting with Disaster", the 4th episode of Rita Rocks (season 1: 2008–2009)
"Flirting with Disaster" (American Dad!), the 19th episode of season 6 of American Dad!
"Flirting with Disaster: Co-Ed Canoe Trip", the 17th episode of Bug Juice
Music
Flirting with Disaster (soundtrack), soundtrack of film Flirting with Disaster
Flirting with Disaster (Jill Johnson album), 2011
Flirting with Disaster (Lorraine Feather album), 2015
Flirtin' with Disaster, 1979 album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet
Flirtin' with Disaster (song), a song from the above-mentioned Molly Hatchet album
"Flirting with Disaster", a song by Bruce Willis from their album The Return of Bruno
Nkonko is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 12,378 people in the ward, from 11,281 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Thomas Edwin Stephens (October 18, 1903 – May 15, 1988) served in the Eisenhower White House and worked on various Republican political campaigns.
Stephens was born in County Dublin, Ireland, and came with their family to the United States at the age of 13. They graduated from St. Lawrence University in 1932 and earned a law degree at Brooklyn Law School.
They began their political career in New York City. In 1934 they became an Assistant Corporation Counsel, representing the city's interests at the state legislature in Albany. In 1936 they entered private practice with the firm of Lord, Day and Lord. In 1938 they became administrative assistant to Newbold Morris, President of the City Council.
In World War II they served in Europe as a major in the Army Air Corps.
Following the war they became active in national Republican politics. In 1944 they worked as an assistant to Herbert Brownell, manager of Governor Dewey's campaign for the presidency. In 1945 and 1946 they served as director of the Republican National Committee's campaign division. They also served as administrative assistant to Senator John Foster Dulles in 1949. In 1950, they became the secretary to the New York Republican State Committee, serving until 1952.
They worked on Dewey's successful campaign for the Republican nomination in 1948 and their failed bid for the presidency that year. They 1952 they helped to organize the effort to draft General Eisenhower to run for office, then worked on Eisenhower's successful primary campaigns and was an aide to the General during the election campaign.
They left the New York law firm of Pheiffer, Stephens, and Weaver to join the White House staff as Appointments Secretary in January 1953. They had been recommended for the position by Sherman Adams. Despite their administrative title, they acted as a political adviser as well, was highly valued by the President and more influential than many realized.
They served until February 19, 1955, when they resigned to return to the "less ulcerous" duties of private law practice, joining the New York law firm of Shearman and Sterling and Wright. Press reports said they were "expected to remain a personal lieutenant of the President outside the White House. Their soundings of opinion among politicians and the public may be highly persuasive if President Eisenhower considers running for a second term in 1956.
They worked on Eisenhower's 1956 re-election campaign and later returned to their position as Appointments Secretary in March 1958.
On January 25, 1961, just days after the end of Eisenhower's presidency, Stephens married Mary Caffrey, secretary to James Hagerty, who had been Eisenhower's press secretary. The couple lived in Phoenix. Stephens said they planned to enter business.
In 1962 they re-entered politics to work on Nelson Rockefeller's campaign for re-election as Governor of New York. In 1964, they served Rockefeller's presidential campaign as campaign director for the Eastern and Middle Atlantic states. They worked that same year on Senator Kenneth Keating's failed attempt to win re-election to the U.S. Senate. In 1968 they worked for Rockefeller's presidential campaign and on Senator Jacob Javits' successful re-election campaign as well.
They died in Clearwater, Florida, on May 15, 1988.
Notes
Sources
Michael S. Mayer, The Eisenhower Years (NY: Facts on File, 2010), 727-8
New York Times: Alfonzo A. Narvaez, "T. E. Stephens, Eisenhower Aide And G.O.P. Strategist, Dies at 84," May 17, 1988, accessed November 21, 2010
|-
1903 births
1988 deaths
Brooklyn Law School alumni
Eisenhower administration personnel
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Lawyers from New York City
Military personnel from New York City
New York (state) Republicans
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States presidential advisors
Tyler Wesley Naquin ( ; born April 24, 1991) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB). They have previously played in MLB for the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds. Prior to playing professionally, Naquin played college baseball for the Texas A&M Aggies.
Early life
Naquin attended Klein Collins High School in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, where they played for the school's baseball team. They lettered in baseball for three years. They were twice honored as All-State, three times honored as All-District, and three times named All-Greater Houston. Naquin grew up a Houston Astros fan.
Amateur career
The Baltimore Orioles selected Naquin in the 33rd round of the 2009 Major League Baseball draft. After considering signing with the Orioles, Naquin decided to enroll at Texas A&M University, to play college baseball for the Texas A&M Aggies baseball team. Naquin was named the Big 12 Conference Baseball Player of the Year in 2011.
Professional career
Cleveland Indians
The Cleveland Indians selected Naquin in the first round, with the 15th overall selection, of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft. They signed and made their professional debut that season with the Mahoning Valley Scrappers of the Rookie-level New York-Penn League, batting .270 in 36 games.
Naquin played for the Carolina Mudcats of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League and the Akron Aeros of the Class AA Eastern League in 2013, hitting a combined .269 with ten home runs, 48 RBIs, and 15 stolen bases in 126 total games between both teams. After the 2013 season, the Indians assigned Naquin to the Arizona Fall League, and they participated in the Fall Stars Game. Naquin began the 2014 season with Akron, but suffered a broken hand in July. They required surgery, and missed the remainder of the 2014 season. In 76 games for Akron before their injury, they were batting .313 with four home runs and 30 RBIs. Naquin began the 2015 season with Akron. In June, the Indians promoted them to the Columbus Clippers of the Class AAA International League. However, a concussion and soreness in their right hip limited them to 50 games played with Columbus. In 84 games between Akron and Columbus, they slashed .300/.381/.446 with seven home runs and 27 RBIs. After the 2015 season, the Indians added Naquin to their 40-man roster.
After the 2015 season, Naquin remained at the Indians' facility in Arizona to engage in strength training. They competed for a spot on the Indians' 25-man roster during spring training in 2016, and was named to the Opening Day roster. Naquin was named the American League Rookie of the Month for June and July 2016. On August 19, Naquin hit a walk-off inside-the-park home run to lead the Indians to a 3-2 win over the Toronto Blue Jays. They became the first Indians batter to hit a walk off inside-the-park home run since Braggo Roth, who accomplished the feat in 1916. In 116 games, they hit .296 with 14 home runs, 43 RBIs and 18 doubles.
Naquin began 2017 with Cleveland. However, they were hampered with injuries and struggled with the Indians, and they only appeared in 19 games for Cleveland in which they hit .216. They spent the majority of the year with Columbus, where they slashed .298/.359/.475 with ten home runs and 51 RBIs in 80 games.
Overall with the 2020 Cleveland Indians, Naquin batted .218 with four home runs and 20 RBIs in 40 games. Naquin was not tendered a contract for the 2021 season by the December 2, 2020, deadline, making them a free agent.
Cincinnati Reds
On February 18, 2021, Naquin signed a minor league contract with the Cincinnati Reds organization that included an invitation to spring training. On March 29, 2021, Naquin was selected to the 40-man roster.
Naquin appeared in 127 games with Cincinnati in 2021, finishing with a .270 batting average, 19 home runs, and 70 RBIs.
New York Mets
On July 28, 2022, the Reds traded Naquin and Phil Diehl to the New York Mets for minor league prospects Jose Acuña and Hector Rodríguez.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Harris County, Texas
Baseball players from Texas
Major League Baseball outfielders
Cleveland Indians players
Cincinnati Reds players
New York Mets players
Texas A&M Aggies baseball players
Mahoning Valley Scrappers players
Carolina Mudcats players
Akron Aeros players
Akron RubberDucks players
Columbus Clippers players
People from Spring, Texas
Mankato MoonDogs players
Jack Stoll (born January 28, 1998) is an American football tight end for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). Stoll played college football at Nebraska and was signed by the Eagles as an undrafted free agent following the 2021 NFL Draft.
Early life and education
Jack Stoll was born on January 28, 1998 in Lone Tree, Colorado. They went to high school at Regis Jesuit High School, earning all-state honors their senior year. They caught 32 catches for 434 yards with 6 touchdowns, while also being named Blue-Grey All-American. Stoll was ranked 9th in the nation among tight ends by ESPN.com. They received scholarship offers from Air Force, Colorado, Colorado State, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming but instead chose Nebraska.
Stoll redshirted their first year at Nebraska. In their second year, they played in 12 games as a freshmen redshirt, catching 8 passes for 89 yards and scoring two touchdowns. They started in all 12 games their sophomore year, and led all Cornhusker tight ends with 21 receptions for 245 yards and three touchdowns. They would start every game in their junior year as well, with 25 catches for 234 yards. Stoll battled injuries in their senior year, only playing in 7 games, starting one. They chose to forgo remaining eligibility and instead declared for the 2021 NFL Draft.
Professional career
Stoll went unselected in the draft and was subsequently signed by the Philadelphia Eagles. They were reportedly given the largest contract of the Eagles' undrafted free agents. Stoll was kept at roster cuts, becoming the only 2021 undrafted free agent to make the Eagles' roster. They made their debut in week one, appearing on 12 offensive snaps during the 32–6 win over the Atlanta Falcons. They played on 10% of their offensive snaps in week two, recording one fumble recovery and one tackle on special teams. They were placed on the COVID list on January 3, 2022. They were activated one week later on January 10, missing just one game where the Eagles did not play their starters as they had already clinched a playoff spot.
References
1998 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Margarita "Margot" Lim Vargas Osmeña (born July 25, 1949) is a Filipino politician who served as a member of the Cebu City Council from 2010 to 2019.  They are married to former mayor of Cebu City Tomas Osmeña.
A member of the Vargas Clan of Panay and Negros islands, Osmeña was born in Japan and settled there for one and a half year. They moved to Manila where they grew up and finished their studies then moved to the United States where they stayed for eight years. They have worked as a banker both in the Philippines and in the United States. In 1983, they married Tomas Osmeña, son of former senator Sergio Osmeña Jr. and grandson of former president Sergio Osmeña, and eventually settled in Cebu in 1983.
They first ran as a city councilor in the 2010 elections when their husband was term-limited as mayor and went on to serve for three consecutive terms until 2019. Osmeña also briefly served as acting mayor from May 17, 2016 to June 30, 2016 with the suspension of then mayor Michael Rama.
Osmeña vied for the position of mayor of Cebu City in the 2022 elections but lost to then sitting Mayor Michael Rama.
References
External links
|-
1949 births
Living people
People from Cebu City
Cebuano people
Filipino bankers
Bando Osmeña – Pundok Kauswagan politicians
Liberal Party (Philippines) politicians
Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino politicians
Cebu City Council members
The 2011 Kentucky Secretary of State election was held on November 8, 2011, to elect the Secretary of State of Kentucky. Primaries for this election were held on Tuesday, May 17, 2011. In the general election, Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes defeated Republican Bill Johnson.
Background
Secretary of State Elaine Walker, a Democrat and former mayor of Bowling Green, was appointed on January 29, 2011 to fill the unexpired term of Trey Grayson. Grayson, a Republican, ran in the 2010 race for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate, but they lost in the Republican primary to Rand Paul (who went on to be elected to the Senate). Grayson subsequently resigned to take a position at the Harvard Institute of Politics. On January 7, 2011, Governor Steve Beshear announced that they would appoint Walker as the new Secretary of State of Kentucky, following Grayson's announcement of resignation.
Walker was sworn in on January 29, 2011, inside Supreme Court chambers. They were eligible to run for a full term, and had indicated they would do so. However, they were defeated in the Democratic primary by Alison Lundergan Grimes, a Lexington lawyer and the daughter of former Kentucky Democratic Party State Chairman Jerry Lundergan, who was supported by a faction of the state's Democratic establishment. Grimes announced their candidacy at rallies in three cities, attended by Lieutenant Governor Daniel Mongiardo, state House Speaker Greg Stumbo and former Governor and current state Senator Julian Carroll. Democratic consultant Dale Emmons, who was working for Grimes' campaign, said they also had the endorsements of U.S. Representative Ben Chandler and Lexington Mayor Jim Gray. The contested primary was the result of a long-standing feud among Kentucky Democrats. Joseph Gerth, a columnist for the Louisville Courier-Journal, wrote that "the betting money is that the selection of Walker is more about an old political grudge between Beshear and former Democratic Chairman Jerry Lundergan than it is about getting a rural Democrat on the November ballot."
Democratic State Representative Jody Richards of Bowling Green had been mentioned as a possible candidate for secretary of state, but they said on November 8 that they were not interested in running. Other Democrats who had been mentioned as possible candidates were state Senator Ed Worley of Richmond, Louisville attorney Jennifer Moore and former Miss America Heather French Henry, the wife of former Lieutenant Governor Steve Henry.
Bill Johnson, a business person from Todd County in Western Kentucky, briefly ran in the Republican primary for U.S. Senate in 2010, but withdrew from the race in March after polls showed them trailing Trey Grayson and Rand Paul. They enjoyed Tea Party support during their abortive run for Senate, and finished third in the primary election with 7,861 votes (2.2 percent) despite their withdrawal. On May 26, 2010, following their withdrawal from the race, it was reported that Johnson was considering running for governor in 2011, with Republican state Senator Damon Thayer of Georgetown on the ticket as the candidate for lieutenant governor. In August, Johnson told the media that it was unlikely they would run for governor, but they were looking at the 2011 races for secretary of state or auditor.
On August 30, 2010, Johnson announced their intent to run again, either in 2011 for Secretary of State or for state Senate, against Democratic Senator Joey Pendleton. They also said, "If I run for secretary of state and fail, I am done with politics. I have one race in me." They stated that they would not tap their personal wealth to fund their campaign, as they did with their bid for the U.S. Senate. Johnson confirmed on September 28, 2010, that they would seek the Republican nomination for Secretary of State. They were the first candidate to officially file to run in any of the 2011 statewide races. Johnson served in U.S. Navy for ten years and later lived in Florence for five years while working for General Electric in Cincinnati.  They are a former procurement manager at BP and is now a substitute teacher.
On January 25, 2011, Hilda Gay Legg of Somerset became the second Republican candidate to file for secretary of state. They were co-chair of the Appalachian Regional Commission from 1990 to 1993 under George H. W. Bush and administrator of the Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service under George W. Bush. Originally from Adair County and a graduate of Campbellsville University and Western Kentucky University, Legg is the former Executive Director/CEO of the Center for Rural Development in Somerset.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Elaine Walker, incumbent Secretary of State
Alison Lundergan Grimes, lawyer, daughter of former Kentucky Democratic Party chairperson Jerry Lundergan
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Bill Johnson, business person and candidate for U.S. Senate in 2010
Hilda Gay Legg
Results
General election
Polling
Results
See also
United States elections, 2011
References
External links
Alison Lundergan Grimes for Secretary of State
Bill Johnson for Secretary of State
Secretary of State
Kentucky
Kentucky Secretary of State elections
North West District was a district command of the British Army from 1967 and 1991.
History
The district was formed from 42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division as part of the Territorial Army Volunteer Reserve in 1967. It had its headquarters at Cuerden Hall, and was placed under the command of HQ UK Land Forces in 1972. In 1991, the first of the minor districts to be amalgamated were North West District, the former West Midlands District (by then Western District) and Wales, to form a new Wales and Western District.
Commanders
General officers commanding included:
1967–1968 Major-General Bala Bredin
1968–1970 Major-General Charles Dunbar
1970–1972 Major-General James Wilson
1972–1974 Major-General Corran Purdon
1974–1977 Major-General Keith McQueen
1977–1980 Major-General Peter Sibbald
1980–1983 Major-General Michael Hicks
1983–1986 Major-General Philip Davies
1986–1989 Major-General Colin Shortis
1989–1991 Major-General Tony Crowfoot
References
Districts of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1967
Military units and formations disestablished in 1991
Come On Live Long is an Irish folk-electronica band based in Dublin.
Career
Come On Live Long were founded in 2010. Vocalist Louise Gaffney named Kanye West, Stars of the Lid and Max Richter as inspirations.
Their second album, In The Still, was nominated for the Choice Music Prize in 2017.
Personnel
Robert Ardiff (vocals, ukelele, guitar)
Louise Gaffney (vocals, keyboard)
Steve Battle (drums, percussion)
David O'Connor (guitar, synth, samples)
Ken McCabe (bass)
Discography
Albums
Everything Fall (2013)
In The Still (2017)
EPs
Mender (2011)
Come On Live Long EP (2012)
References
External links
Come On Live Long on Bandcamp
Musical groups from Dublin (city)
Irish folk musical groups
2010 establishments in Ireland
Field Mouse are an American dream pop band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Brooklyn, New York.
History
Field Mouse began in 2010 with the release of their first full-length album titled You Are Here. In 2012, Field Mouse released a two-song EP titled You Guys Are Gonna Wake Up My Mom. On October 16, 2012, Field Mouse released a 7" titled How Do You Know via Lefse Records.
In early 2013, Field Mouse self-released an EP titled Tour EP. In April 2014, Field Mouse announced they had signed to Topshelf Records, with plans to release a full-length in the future. Three months later, Field Mouse released their second full-length album titled Hold Still Life on Topshelf Records. In August 2016 they released their second album Episodic.
Band members
Rachel Browne (vocals, guitar)
Andrew Futral (guitar)
Saysha Heinzman (bass)
Tim McCoy (drums)
Zoë Browne (synthesizer, guitar)
Discography
Studio albums
You Are Here (2010, self-released)
Hold Still Life (2014, Topshelf)
Episodic (2016, Topshelf)
Meaning (2019, Topshelf)
EPs
You Guys Are Gonna Wake Up My Mom (2012, Small Plates)
How Do You Know (2012, Lefse)
Tour EP (2013, self-released)
Compilations
Topshelf Records 2014 Tour - A Great Big Pile of Leaves, Diamond Youth, Prawn, Field Mouse
References
Indie pop groups from Pennsylvania
Topshelf Records artists
Al-Isra University (جامعة الإسراء) is a private university in Amman, Jordan. It was established in 1989, the first scholastic year started in fall 1991. The university offers the Bachelor of Science (B.Sc) degree in eight majors, and graduate degrees in Law, Pharmaceutical sciences, and Engineering management.
References
Educational institutions established in 1989
Universities in Jordan
Amman Governorate
1989 establishments in Jordan
John Greenwood (10 March 1851 – 31 August 1935) was an English cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Surrey. They were born in Epsom and died in Lewes.
Greenwood made three first-class appearances during June 1874, the first notable action of their career being to catch Gloucestershire's WG Grace. They played two further first-class matches, making a top score of 8 runs.
Greenwood retained an upper-order position for the final two matches of their career, despite making a top score of just 8 runs in five innings.
External links
John Greenwood at Cricket Archive
1851 births
1935 deaths
English cricketers
Surrey cricketers
Gauri Pathare is an Indian musician and a winner of the India Radio competition.
Personal life
Gauri Pathare holds a degree in Computer Science from the University of Pune and a Diploma in IT from NIIT.
During their early years, they won numerous inter-collegiate, inter-university and inter-state trophies. They also won the India Radio competition.
Pathare was the vocal accompaniment to Pt. Suresh Talwalkar for their taal maala concerts in their initial years. In addition to singing, Pathare has been interested in cooking and has appeared on a number of cookery shows.
Training
Having initially trained under the guidance of Pt. Gangadharbuwa Pimpalkhare of Kirana gharana, Pathare received knowledge in music from late Pt. Jitendra Abhisheki and Pandita Padmatai Talwalkar for several years. Since 2010, they have been receiving Jaipur gharana training under Pt. Arun Dravid. Them training under different Gurus influenced their gayaki. They have trained in the 3 Gharanas - Jaipur-Atrauli gharana, Gwalior gharana and Kirana Gharana.
Gauri has blended Jaipur, Gwalior and Kirana Gharana gayaki to form their own style of Khyal presentation. They have been trained in various voice culture techniques by Ustaad Syeeduddin Daagar (cousin of Wasifuddin Dagar), a noted Dhrupad Dhamar singer.
Performances
Gauri has performed at most of the prestigious classical music festivals in India including Sawai Gandharva Mahotsav, Tansen festival, Chandigarh Sangeet Sammelan, Kesarbai Kerkar Sammelan, Pt. Kumar Gandharva Sangeet Sammelan, etc. They have frequently performed in India, France, Switzerland, USA, Australia, Canada, Dubai, United Kingdom and Singapore.
Gauri has conducted numerous classical music workshops overseas and has had their live performances broadcast on Australian radio.
Here are some of the performances:
Rag Malhar
Rag Nand
Rag Jog
Rag Lalit
Rag: Lalitagauri
Rag:Sawani Kalyan
Rag: Hameer
Semi - classical section
Dadra--Yaad Piya ki Aaye
Rangi sari gulabi chunariya- dadra
Kaise jiya tarasat-Dadra
They Suranno Chandra Vha- natyageet
Bhairavi
Marathi-bhajan (1)
Marathi -bhajan (2)
Hindi( Nirguni) bhajan
Awards
Smt. Kesarbai Kerkar scholarship conferred by the NCPA - 2000-2001.
Smt. Yamunadevi Shahane Puraskar by Ganwardhan, Pune - 2002
Shree Sitaram Dixit Puraskar for Semi Classical Vocal Music - 2003
Gyanacharya Pt. Ramakrishnabuwa Vaze Yuwa Gayak Puraskar - by Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, Pune - 2006
Surmani Puraskar - 2006
Sur Mani Puraskar by Sur Singar Parishad - 2007
Album "Tribute" was nominated for Global Indian Music Awards - 2010
Sangeet Ratna Puraskar by Kashi Gayan Samj, Varanasi - 2010
"Swarabhaskar" Puraskar instituted in the memory of Late Pandit Bhimsen Joshi - 2012 - 2013.
Aditya Vikram Birla "Kala Kiran Puraskar" - 2013
Media recognition
Maharashtra Times
Meet Kalakar
The Hindu
The Times of India
India Herald
IBN Lokmat - Interview
Afternoon Dispatch & Courier - Gauri Pathare a Verstalie Singer
CD releases
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Indian women classical singers
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
In the tables, the first two columns contain the Chinese character representing the classifier, in traditional and simplified versions when they differ. The next four columns give pronunciations in Standard (Mandarin) Chinese, using pinyin; Cantonese, in Jyutping and Yale, respectively; and Minnan (Taiwan). The last column gives the classifier's literal meaning (in quotes) and principal uses.
Nominal classifiers
Classifiers proper
Measure words/massifiers
Measurement units
Verbal classifiers
See Chinese classifier → Verbal classifiers.
See also
Hokkien counter word
References
External links
List of Common Nominal Measure Words on chinesenotes.com
Units of Weights and Measures on chinesenotes.com
兩串蕉一把抓- 我教量詞
量词
现代汉语量词与名词的子类划分
Chinese grammar
Chinese words and phrases
Lists of words
Cape Verde competed in the 2003 All-Africa Games held at the National Stadium in the city of Abuja, Nigeria. The country sent one athlete, who returned with a gold medal in Taekwondo. This was the first gold medal for the country in the history of the Africa Games.
Competitors
Cape Verde sent a single athlete to compete in the games, 21-year old Fredson Gomes. They entered the men's welterweight in Taekwondo, which was held on 17 October.
Medal summary
Cape Verde won a gold medal. It was their first in the history of the games.
Medal table
List of Medalists
Gold Medal
References
2003 in Cape Verdean sport
Nations at the 2003 All-Africa Games
2003
Duality is a Star Wars fan film created by Mark Thomas and Dave Macomber that made its debut on the internet on February 10, 2001. It is one of the first fan films to exclusively use bluescreen footage composited onto virtual backgrounds.
Plot
Sith apprentice Lord Rive (Macomber), is tasked by their master, Darth Oz (Thomas), to battle another apprentice, Darth Blight (Muraoka), as a final test determining who would serve by Oz's side. The two would-be Sith clash violently with their double-bladed lightsabers while Oz watches via hologram. After a long and vicious lightsaber duel, Rive's weapon is severed in two and Blight loses their saber. A quick brawl later and the two engage in a final bout with the two halves of Rive's saber. It ends with Rive impaled and Blight bisected through the waist. After they die, Darth Oz appears in the flesh. Consumed with fury and wrath at their failure to procure a permanent apprentice, they electrocute the bodies of the two failed apprentices with Force Lightning.
Production
Macomber and Thomas originally produced Duel as an acting/choreography demo for an actor, but felt they could make a better film with CG stages, as opposed to the location work on the original. The cast consists of three actors, two of whom are the creators.
The script was first written by Thomas, with Macomber devising the fight. After about 14 months of pre-planning, filming took place at Alamo Studios in Santa Barbara, California, in September 2000. Post-production was split between Thomas and Macomber. Thomas primarily handled the digital backgrounds and 3D animation, while Macomber handled compositing and the lightsaber effects. The final version took four months of post-production, using off-the-shelf software from Electric Image, Adobe, and Apple, and about in out-of-pocket costs.
Soundtrack
The first cut of the film featured music and sound effects taken from Star Wars films, but a later release had all-new music by Alan Derian.
Reception
Reaction to Duality was mostly positive, generating over a half million downloads in its first year of release. Entertainment Weekly said its effects "have the impressive digital sheen of Episode I", while IFILM programming director said the film "absolutely blew me away, and a lot of people out there are saying this is the best they've ever come across." The film showed that film-level special effects could be produced by the common fan. Macomber and Thomas said they had "taken a few calls" from Hollywood effects houses after the film premiered.
Not every reaction was positive though. Various members of the Star Wars fan films community felt that it was short on story and featured dated special effects when compared to other fan films, and that the trollish behavior of Mark Thomas leading up to its release forever tainted the product.
In August 2010, Time magazine's online visitors listed it at no. 7 on their list of the top 10-Star Wars fan films.
References
External links
Duality on Vimeo
2001 films
2001 independent films
Fan films based on Star Wars
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Pam John is a former Welsh international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They were born in 1943 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Gill Miles, Ann Sutherland and Nina Shipperlee at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
They were a Welsh international from 1989 until 1997 and still bowls for the Cardiff Bowling Club.
References
Living people
1943 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Welsh female bowls players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
The collared antshrike (Thamnophilus bernardi) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
Taxonomy
The collared antshrike was described by the French naturalist René Lesson in 1844 and given the binomial name Thamnophilus bernardi (the genus was misspelled as Tamnophilus) with the type locality of Guayaquil in Ecuador. The specific epithet honours Captain Bernard, a French mariner and collector from Bordeaux. The collared antshrike was subsequently placed in the genus Sakesphorus. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2007 found that Sakesphorus was polyphyletic and that three species including the collared antshrike were embedded within a clade containing members of Thamnophilus. The collared antshrike was therefore moved back to its original genus.
See also
Maranon antshrike - A closely related species
Fauna of Peru
References
External links
Image at ADW
collared antshrike
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
collared antshrike
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Human Again is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Ingrid Michaelson. The album was released on January 24, 2012 on Cabin 24 Records and Mom + Pop Music. The first single from the album, "Ghost", was released on November 15, 2011.
Background
In a 2011 interview, Michaelson spoke about the album, saying:
On Tuesday, November 15, Michaelson announced the release date, as well as the album's first single, "Ghost," and unveiled the cover artwork.
The cover artwork was painted by Joe Sorren specifically for the album.
Michaelson promoted the album by going on tour in Spring 2012. They also performed live on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
The title of the album comes from the lyrics of the song "Palm of Your Hand", in which Michaelson sings
Promotion
Michaelson made several television appearances to promote the album. They appeared on Live! with Kelly performing "Ghost". Michaelson appeared on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade performing "Blood Brothers". They also performed on Conan performing "Blood Brothers" and "Ghost".
In support of the album, Michaelson went on the Human Again tour, performing on several legs across America as well as in Europe and Australia.
Critical reception
Human Again received positive reviews, and holds a 70-point score on Metacritic, which aggregates reviews into average scores out of 100, indicating a positive reception. Entertainment Weekly gave the album 83 out of 100. Review website Consequence of Sound gave the album 3 1/2 out of 5 stars, saying that Michaelson's "vocal abilities are as strong as ever." AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars. Consider Magazine gave the album a score of 8 out of 10.
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Ingrid Michaelson.
Personnel
David Kahne - guitar, bass, keyboards
Chris Kuffner - bass, guitar, tenor guitar
Elliot Jacobson - drums
Rusty Anderson - guitar
Shawn Pelton - drums ("Black and Blue," "Ghost")
Allie Moss - backing vocals ("Blood Brothers," "In The Sea")
Bess Rogers - backing vocals ("Blood Brothers," "In The Sea")
Jason Slater - additional programming ("Black and Blue")
Che Pope - additional programming ("Black and Blue")
Charts
References
External links
2012 albums
Ingrid Michaelson albums
Vertigo Records albums
Albums produced by David Kahne
Mom + Pop Music albums
Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko (; born 1881 in Voronezh died 21 November 1923 in Rostov-on-Don) was a Russian revolutionary, agronomist and partisan who fought against Admiral Kolchak's White forces in Siberia in 1919 during the Russian Civil War.
Biography
Born to a peasant family, Kravchenko was initially a Socialist Revolutionary. Since 1907 they worked as an agronomist in the village of Shushenskoye, in the Minusinsk district in Siberia. After the February Revolution in 1917, Kravchenko served as a member of the Achinsk Soviet. With the advent of Admiral Alexander Kolchak's forces in 1918, Kravchenko established a guerrilla army to combat Kolchak's forces. In April 1919, following a peasant uprising in the Khemchik district, Kravchenko allied with Peter Efimovich Schetinkin's forces. Kravchenko's forces defeated Kolchak's in August and in September Schetinkin's forces took Minusinsk. By November Kravchenko's forces were eight-thousand strong.
In 1920 Kravchenko joined the Russian Communist Party and after the civil war worked in Narkomzeme, and served as Governor of Pyatigorsk in 1922. They died a year later at the hands of anti-Bolshevik peasants, dissatisfied with their policy. Their memoirs were published in 1962. Streets were named after them in Abakan, Achinsk, Krasnoyarsk and Minusinsk.
References
1881 births
1923 deaths
Bolsheviks
People of the Russian Civil War
Russian revolutionaries
Park Inn by Radisson Meriton Conference & Spa Hotel Tallinn is a four-star hotel in Tallinn, Estonia, to the west of Alexander Nevsky Cathedral. The hotel was established in 1999. Its restaurant is noted for its international and Belgian cuisine and is considered one of the finest in the city. The hotel has 465 guestrooms, of which 157 are "classic" rooms, 280 standard, 12 triple, 13 junior suites, 2 suites with sauna and a Grand suite with both a sauna and jacuzzi.
References
External links
Official site
Hotels in Tallinn
Restaurants in Tallinn
Hotel buildings completed in 1999
Hotels established in 1999
1999 establishments in Estonia
Arroyo High School is located in San Lorenzo, California, and is part of the San Lorenzo Unified School District. Serving as one of two public high schools for San Lorenzo and parts of San Leandro, its sister high school and cross-town rival is San Lorenzo High School.
Small Learning Communities
The school includes four academies in partnership with the California Partnership Academies program.
Academy of Health and Medicine (An academy designed for students whom want to go into the health field)
Future Leaders for Social Change Academy (Futures academy teaches students to become critical thinkers and to become a leader)
Tech-Links Academy (Tech Links offers a rigorous, relevant, business and technology curriculum that prepares students for post-high school college and career opportunities)
Trend Academy (The TREND Academy provides students with the opportunity to step into the role of an engineer and or Industrial Designer, adopt a problem-solving mindset, engage in the engineering design process, and climatically make the leap from visionaries to doers)
These four CPAs are also called Small Learning Communities (SLCs).
Demographics
In the 2018-2019 school year, there were 1,819 students. 47% (859) are Latino, 31% (558) are Asian, 11% (195) are White, 7% (127) are African-American, 3% (48) are two or more races, 1% (25) are Pacific Islander, and less than 1% (7) are American Indian or Alaskan Native.
See also
Alameda County High Schools
San Lorenzo Unified School District
References
External links
Arroyo High School Homepage
High schools in Alameda County, California
Public high schools in California
Educational institutions established in 1955
1955 establishments in California
Shirkaj (, also Romanized as Shīrkāj) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 24 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Apega may refer to:
Apega of Sparta, wife of the Spartan tyrant Nabis, who also acted as their co-ruler
Apega of Nabis, an ancient torture device invented and used by Nabis, said to be modelled after Queen Apega
Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA), a Canadian organisation
Fateh Achour (; born 15 August 1994) is an Algerian footballer who plays for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Career
In 2018, Achour signed a two-year contract with USM Bel Abbès.
In 2020, they signed a two-year contract with USM Alger.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Algerian footballers
Association football defenders
USM Alger players
USM Bel Abbès players
GC Mascara players
21st-century Algerian people
Jules Gabriel Henri de Sibour (December 23, 1872 – November 4, 1938) was a French architect who worked in Washington, DC.
Early life
They were born in Paris, France, to Vicomte Gabriel de Sibour and Mary Louisa Johnson of Belfast, Maine. They moved to the United States as a child.
They attended St. Paul's School in New Hampshire, then earned a degree from Yale University in 1896, where they were a member of Skull and Bones.
After working in New York for a time, they studied at the École des Beaux-Arts.
Career
After college, de Sibour worked with Ernest Flagg and Bruce Price in New York. They went to Paris for additional education, but after Price died in May 1903, de Sibour inherited the practice and continued work at the renamed firm Bruce Price & de Sibour. From 1908 to 1911, de Sibour maintained offices in both New York and Washington, DC. However, a year after moving to DC in 1910, de Sibour closed their New York office. From 1908 through 1922, de Sibour maintained an office in the Hibbs Building, then moved to the Edmonds Building in 1923.
De Sibour's most prominent works are grand dwellings and embassy buildings (such as the Embassy of Uzbekistan — called the Moore Residence — at 1746 Massachusetts Avenue). However, they also designed dozens of office buildings, apartment buildings, and a diverse range of structures. In 1910, de Sibour designed The Investment Building, a nine-story bank and office, constructed by J. L. Marshall at 15th Street and K Street NW. The same year they designed the McLachlen Building at 1001 G Street NW and what is now the national headquarters of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs at 1601 R Street NW for Richard Thomas Mulligan and their wife Emily Ogston Mulligan niece of Secretary of the Navy, George M. Robeson. In 1911, be designed a nine-story office building at 1512 H Street NW and in 1912, a four-story apartment building at 1409 15th Street NW and a five-story apartment building at 1785 Massachusetts Avenue NW. They collaborated with the Boston firm of Desmond and Lord on the Clapp Memorial Building (443 Congress Street, Portland, Maine) opened in 1920. In 1922, de Sibour designed an apartment building, remarkably similar to their design for the 1922 Hamilton Hotel, at 1200 16th Street NW that was later converted to become The Jefferson Hotel. In 1923, J.H. deSibour also designed the Lee House, an eight-story hotel at the northwest corner of 15th Street and L Street NW, for the Kenwood Corporation.
Working in the Beaux-Arts style throughout their career, de Sibour's buildings are characterized by their extensive applied decoration and the French influence in their design. Additional notable buildings include the Chevy Chase Club, the University Club, the Chase's Theater and Riggs Building, W. B. Hibbs and Company Building and the Federal-American National Bank. They designed the French Embassy at 2221 Kalorama Road NW, the Wilkins House at 1700 Massachusetts Avenue NW serving as the Peruvian Chancery, the Stewart Residence serving as the Embassy of Luxembourg at 2200 Massachusetts Avenue NW, and Oxon Hill Manor (1928), an estate for Sumner Welles in Oxon Hill, Maryland.
Personal life
In 1898, de Sibour married Margaret Marie Clagett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William H. Clagett, of Washington, DC. Jules and Margaret had three sons: Henri Louis, Jacques Blaise, and Jean Raymond.
References
External links
Embassy of Peru, Washington, DC – Chancery – History
The Ballad of Chevy Chase
The Prince of Beaux Arts
1872 births
1938 deaths
American architects
Yale University alumni
French emigrants to the United States
École des Beaux-Arts alumni
Artists from Paris
Architects from Washington, D.C.
Beaux Arts architects
The National Federation of Life Insurance Workers' Unions (, Seiho Roren) is a trade union representing workers in the life insurance industry in Japan.
The union was founded in 1969, when the National Federation of Life Insurance Brokers' Unions merged with the National Federation of Life Insurance Salesmen's Unions, reflecting the merger of many company unions for brokers and salespeople. In 1987, it affiliated to the new Japanese Trade Union Confederation, and by the following year, it had 406,000 members. As of 2020, its membership had fallen to 233,614.
References
External links
Insurance industry trade unions
Trade unions established in 1969
Trade unions in Japan
Raohe () may refer to:
Mainland China
Raohe County (饶河县), of Shuangyashan, Heilongjiang
Raohe Town (饶河镇), seat of Raohe County
Po River, or the Rao River (饶河), tributary in Jiangxi of Poyang Lake
Taiwan
Raohe Street Night Market (饒河街觀光夜市), in Songshan District, Taipei
Ferny Grove State High School is a public secondary school in the suburb of Ferny Grove, in Brisbane, Australia.
The school has a total enrolment of more than 1900 students, with an official count of 1963 students in 2021. In 2007, the school won the award for the most innovative music program in Queensland. Ferny Grove has also won the award for the cleanest school for 8 years, With the latest Green and Healthy Schools award being won in 2010.
History
The school was opened in 1980 on its current site at McGinn Road, Ferny Grove, near the Ferny Grove Railway Station and primary school; the Primary school is located in Finvoy Street Ferny Grove.
Principals
Keith Tabulo (1980–1982)
Tony Marsland (1982–1985)
Ralph Took (1985–2000)
Russell Burguez (Acting) (2000)
Chris Rider (2000–2007)
Kaye Gardner (2007–2010)
David Sutton (Acting) (2010)
Mark Breckenridge (2010–2017)
John Schuh (2018–2021)
Joseba Larrazabal (Acting) (2021)
Janelle Amos (Acting) (2021)
Kiah Lanham (Acting) (2022–Present)
Teachers
Notable teachers at the school include John Howard Amundsen who taught the subjects of manual arts, media and business. Amundsen gained notoriety in May 2006, after a stockpile of explosives and detonators were found in their home which caused the school to be evacuated and searched. On 10 May 2006, the school was closed for most of the morning as police with sniffer dogs checked classrooms, before they declared it safe for students and staff to resume lessons. In a Brisbane court on 11 May 2006, they were charged with fraudulently obtaining 53kg of the explosive substance Powergel. They were subsequently charged with preparing a terrorist act, as well as two counts of making a threat and making a hoax threat. In February 2007, the charges of terrorism and making a hoax threat were dropped but replaced with new charges of possessing incendiary devices and having dangerous goods in a vehicle.
Campus
Location
The school is located in the suburb of Ferny Grove in Queensland's capital city, Brisbane. It is situated on McGinn Road, which is quite close to Ferny Grove State Primary School and the Ferny Grove Railway Station.
Grounds and facilities
The grounds of the school are known for their landscaping and aesthetically pleasing gardens. The school occupies a large area of land, and this allows the school have a feel of space, openness and tranquility. There is only one building that is not single story, and this demonstrates the contrast of Ferny Grove SHS from the typical hospital-style campuses of other Brisbane Secondary Schools such as St Lawrence's and Brisbane State High.
3-storey learning excellence centre
Sports and performing arts centre
Hall (including a futsal and volleyball court)
300 seat Auditoria with rehearsal rooms, foyer and amenities
4 tennis courts and 4 basketball/netball courts
Air-conditioned library
Gymnasium
Oval (400m turfed athletics track included)
Football field
Rugby league/rugby union field
School Farm
Woodwork and Metalwork workshops
Horticultural precinct
Separate faculty blocks
Performing Arts rooms
Uniform
Male
The summer uniform consists of mint green buttoned shirt, bottle green shorts, brown leather belt, brown leather shoes, brown socks and an optional bottle green tie. The winter uniform is the same, with the inclusion of a dark green sweater with school emblem or school jacket. For formal occasions and senior leaders, a blazer is worn, with school emblem and appropriate gold insignia.
Female
Bottle green skirt and pale green blouse with Brown Leather lace up Shoes and brown socks a Tie can be worn but it is not compulsory.
School houses
On enrolment, students are allocated at random to the four houses of Itchika (red), Kara Kara (yellow), Ourapilla (black), and Wookarin (blue). The houses take their names from the language of the original indigenous inhabitants of the land on which the school is situated.
Alumni
Andrew Letherby, long-distance runner. Bronze medallist at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Anthony Lister, artist.
Barry Berrigan, rugby league player.
Jharal Yow Yeh, rugby league player. Represented Queensland and Australia.
Julia Robinson, NRLW player
Justin Hodges, rugby league player. Represented Queensland and Australia. Won premierships in 2002 and 2006. Captain of the Brisbane Broncos from 2014-15. Dally M Centre of the Year in 2007.
Lisa and Jessica Origliasso of The Veronicas. The sisters sang together in the 1998 Ferny High school talent quest and placed second.
Lochlan Watt
Melina Vidler, actor. Won Most Outstanding Newcomer – Actress at the 2016 Logie Awards.
Remy Hii, actor. Won Most Outstanding Newcomer at the 2014 Logie Awards.
Rohan Bail, Australian rules footballer.
Ryan Williams, former German teacher at the school before leaving to pursue a medical career. Winner of the TJ Ryan award.
Sharon Cripps, sprinter. Gold medallist at the 1998 Commonwealth Games. Competed at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics.
Shaun Berrigan, rugby league player. Represented Queensland and Australia. Won premierships in 2000 and 2006. Clive Churchill medallist in 2006.
Stephen Eaton, OAM, athlete. Gold medallist at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
Tamara Nowitzki, swimmer. Silver medallist at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
Notes and references
External links
Official School Webpage
Public high schools in Brisbane
Rock Eisteddfod Challenge participants
Educational institutions established in 1980
1980 establishments in Australia
Line S3 of the Nanjing Metro (), is a north-south suburban rapid transit line serving part of the southern and southwestern suburbs of Nanjing, running from and . It is the first line of the Nanjing Metro with passing tracks at select stations, allowing from distinct express local services. The first phase of the project is long with 19 stations, including 10 underground stations, 8 elevated stations and 1 ground station. The line crosses the Yangtze River using the Dashengguan Yangtze River Bridge. In 2012, the first phase of the project was approved by the NDRC for construction with the first section started construction on 27 December 2012. On August 13, 2017, the first phase of Line S3 started to be unmanned testing. The first phase of the line was completed by the end of 2017 and started trial operation on 6 December 2017.
Opening timeline
Station list
References
External links
Line S3 on the official Nanjing Metro website (includes route map)
Nanjing Metro lines
Rail transport in Jiangsu
Railway lines opened in 2017
Marché Capitale is a market in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the northwest of Mosque Ould Abas.
References
Retail markets in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Silver nitrate is an inorganic compound with chemical formula . It is a versatile precursor to many other silver compounds, such as those used in photography. It is far less sensitive to light than the halides. It was once called lunar caustic because silver was called luna by ancient alchemists who associated silver with the moon. In solid silver nitrate, the silver ions are three-coordinated in a trigonal planar arrangement.
Synthesis and structure
Albertus Magnus, in the 13th century, documented the ability of nitric acid to separate gold and silver by dissolving the silver. Indeed silver nitrate can be prepared by dissolving silver in nitric acid followed by evaporation of the solution. The stoichiometry of the reaction depends upon the concentration of nitric acid used.
3 Ag + 4 HNO3 (cold and diluted) → 3 AgNO3 + 2 H2O + NO
Ag + 2 HNO3 (hot and concentrated) → AgNO3 + H2O + NO2
The structure of silver nitrate has been examined by X-ray crystallography several times. In the common orthorhombic form stable at ordinary temperature and pressure, the silver atoms form pairs with Ag---Ag contacts of 3.227 Å. Each Ag+ center is bonded to six oxygen centers of both uni- and bidentate nitrate ligands. The Ag-O distances range from 2.384 to 2.702 Å.
Reactions
A typical reaction with silver nitrate is to suspend a rod of copper in a solution of silver nitrate and leave it for a few hours. The silver nitrate reacts with copper to form hairlike crystals of silver metal and a blue solution of copper nitrate:
2 AgNO3 + Cu → Cu(NO3)2 + 2 Ag
Silver nitrate decomposes when heated:
2 AgNO3(l) → 2 Ag(s) + O2(g) + 2 NO2(g)
Qualitatively, decomposition is negligible below the melting point, but becomes appreciable around 250 °C and fully decomposes at 440 °C.
Most metal nitrates thermally decompose to the respective oxides, but silver oxide decomposes at a lower temperature than silver nitrate, so the decomposition of silver nitrate yields elemental silver instead.
Uses
Precursor to other silver compounds
Silver nitrate is the least expensive salt of silver; it offers several other advantages as well. It is non-hygroscopic, in contrast to silver fluoroborate and silver perchlorate. It is relatively stable to light. Finally, it dissolves in numerous solvents, including water. The nitrate can be easily replaced by other ligands, rendering AgNO3 versatile. Treatment with solutions of halide ions gives a precipitate of AgX (X = Cl, Br, I). When making photographic film, silver nitrate is treated with halide salts of sodium or potassium to form insoluble silver halide in situ in photographic gelatin, which is then applied to strips of tri-acetate or polyester. Similarly, silver nitrate is used to prepare some silver-based explosives, such as the fulminate, azide, or acetylide, through a precipitation reaction.
Treatment of silver nitrate with base gives dark grey silver oxide:
2 AgNO3 + 2 NaOH → Ag2O + 2 NaNO3 + H2O
Halide abstraction
The silver cation, , reacts quickly with halide sources to produce the insoluble silver halide, which is a cream precipitate if is used, a white precipitate if is used and a yellow precipitate if is used. This reaction is commonly used in inorganic chemistry to abstract halides:
(aq) + (aq) → AgX(s)
where = , , or .
Other silver salts with non-coordinating anions, namely silver tetrafluoroborate and silver hexafluorophosphate are used for more demanding applications.
Similarly, this reaction is used in analytical chemistry to confirm the presence of chloride, bromide, or iodide ions. Samples are typically acidified with dilute nitric acid to remove interfering ions, e.g. carbonate ions and sulfide ions. This step avoids confusion of silver sulfide or silver carbonate precipitates with that of silver halides. The color of precipitate varies with the halide: white (silver chloride), pale yellow/cream (silver bromide), yellow (silver iodide). AgBr and especially AgI photo-decompose to the metal, as evidence by a grayish color on exposed samples.
The same reaction was used on steamships in order to determine whether or not boiler feedwater had been contaminated with seawater. It is still used to determine if moisture on formerly dry cargo is a result of condensation from humid air, or from seawater leaking through the hull.
Organic synthesis
Silver nitrate is used in many ways in organic synthesis, e.g. for deprotection and oxidations. binds alkenes reversibly, and silver nitrate has been used to separate mixtures of alkenes by selective absorption. The resulting adduct can be decomposed with ammonia to release the free alkene. Silver nitrate is highly soluble in water but is poorly soluble in most organic solvents, except acetonitrile (111.8 g/100 g, 25 °C).
Biology
In histology, silver nitrate is used for silver staining, for demonstrating reticular fibers, proteins and nucleic acids. For this reason it is also used to demonstrate proteins in PAGE gels. It can be used as a stain in scanning electron microscopy.
Indelible ink
Silver nitrate produces long-lasting stain when applied to skin. An electoral stain makes use of this to mark a finger of people who have voted in an election, allowing easy identification to prevent double-voting.
Medicine
Silver salts have antiseptic properties. In 1881 Credé introduced the use of dilute solutions of AgNO3 in newborn babies' eyes at birth to prevent contraction of gonorrhea from the mother, which could cause blindness. (Modern antibiotics are now used instead).
Fused silver nitrate, shaped into sticks, was traditionally called "lunar caustic". It is used as a cauterizing agent, for example to remove granulation tissue around a stoma. General Sir James Abbott noted in their journals that in India in 1827 it was infused by a British surgeon into wounds in their arm resulting from the bite of a mad dog to cauterize the wounds and prevent the onset of rabies.
Silver nitrate is used to cauterize superficial blood vessels in the nose to help prevent nose bleeds.
Dentists sometimes use silver nitrate-infused swabs to heal oral ulcers. Silver nitrate is used by some podiatrists to kill cells located in the nail bed.
The Canadian physician C. A. Douglas Ringrose researched the use of silver nitrate for sterilization procedures, believing that silver nitrate could be used to block and corrode the fallopian tubes. The technique was ineffective.
Disinfection
Much research has been done in evaluating the ability of the silver ion at inactivating Escherichia coli, a microorganism commonly used as an indicator for fecal contamination and as a surrogate for pathogens in drinking water treatment. Concentrations of silver nitrate evaluated in inactivation experiments range from 10–200 micrograms per liter as Ag+.
Silver's antimicrobial activity saw many applications prior to the discovery of modern antibiotics, when it fell into near disuse. Its association with argyria made consumers wary and led them to turn away from it when given an alternative.
Against warts
Repeated daily application of silver nitrate can induce adequate destruction of cutaneous warts, but occasionally pigmented scars may develop. In a placebo-controlled study of 70 patients, silver nitrate given over nine days resulted in clearance of all warts in 43% and improvement in warts in 26% one month after treatment compared to 11% and 14%, respectively, in the placebo group.
Safety
As an oxidant, silver nitrate should be properly stored away from organic compounds. Despite its common usage in extremely low concentrations to prevent gonorrhea and control nose bleeds, silver nitrate is still very toxic and corrosive. Brief exposure will not produce any immediate side effects other than the purple, brown or black stains on the skin, but upon constant exposure to high concentrations, side effects will be noticeable, which include burns. Long-term exposure may cause eye damage. Silver nitrate is known to be a skin and eye irritant. Silver nitrate has not been thoroughly investigated for potential carcinogenic effect.
Silver nitrate is currently unregulated in water sources by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. However, if more than 1 gram of silver is accumulated in the body, a condition called argyria may develop. Argyria is a permanent cosmetic condition in which the skin and internal organs turn a blue-gray color. The United States Environmental Protection Agency used to have a maximum contaminant limit for silver in water until 1990, when it was determined that argyria did not impact the function of any affected organs despite the discolouration. Argyria is more often associated with the consumption of colloidal silver solutions rather than with silver nitrate, since it is only used at extremely low concentrations to disinfect the water. However, it is still important to be wary before ingesting any sort of silver-ion solution.
References
External links
International Chemical Safety Card 1116
NIOSH Pocket Guide to Chemical Hazards
History of Kodak: About Film and Imaging
13th century in science
Antiseptics
Electron microscopy stains
Nitrates
Photographic chemicals
Silver compounds
Staining dyes
Alchemical substances
Light-sensitive chemicals
Oxidizing agents
Chemical tests
On March 5, 2002, U.S. President George W. Bush placed tariffs on imported steel. The tariffs took effect March 20 and were lifted by Bush on December 4, 2003. Research shows that the tariffs adversely affected US GDP and employment.
The tariff
The temporary tariffs of 8–30% were originally scheduled to remain in effect until 2005. They were imposed to give U.S. steelmakers protection from what a U.S. probe determined was a detrimental surge in steel imports. More than 30 steelmakers had filed for bankruptcy in recent years. Steel producers had originally sought up to a 40% tariff. Canada and Mexico were exempt from the tariffs because of penalties the United States would face under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Additionally, some other countries such as Argentina, Thailand, and Turkey were also exempt. The typical steel tariff at the time was usually between zero and one percent, making the 8–30% rates seem exceptionally high. These rates, though, are comparable to the standard permanent U.S. tariff rates on many kinds of clothes and shoes.
The Bush administration justified the tariffs as an anti-dumping response, namely that the US steel industry had to be protected against sudden surges of imports of steel.
Political response in the United States
Both the issuing and the lifting of the tariffs caused controversy in the United States. Some of the president's political opponents, such as Democratic House Representative Dick Gephardt, criticized the plan for not going far enough. For some of the president's conservative allies, imposing the tariff was a step away from Bush's commitment to free trade. Critics also contended that the tariffs would harm consumers and U.S. businesses that relied on steel imports, and would cut more jobs than it would save in the steel industry. Supporters of the tariffs believed that U.S. steel producers were being harmed by a "surge" of steel imports endangering the viability of American steel companies.
There was a widespread belief on all sides of the debate, confirmed by top Bush administration officials, that politics played a role in the decision to impose tariffs. Namely, the steel-producing swing states of Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia would benefit from the tariffs. However, steel-using states, such as Tennessee and Michigan were harmed by the tariffs. The placement of the tariffs was an odd one for Bush, who had signed numerous free trade agreements during their term in office. This was widely believed to be a calculated political decision, insofar as the localities that stood to benefit were marginal ones. Both the George H. W. Bush administration and the Reagan administration also imposed import limits on steel.
A 2005 study found that in coverage of the tariffs in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal, there were more sentences devoted to the negative impacts of steel tariffs than sentences on the benefits. The authors argue that this is consistent with a model whereby "more newspaper space would be devoted to the costs of steel tariffs—which are widely dispersed—than to their benefits—which are narrowly targeted."
International response
The tariffs ignited international controversy as well. Immediately after they were filed, the European Union announced that it would impose retaliatory tariffs on the United States, thus risking the start of a major trade war. To decide whether or not the steel tariffs were fair, a case was filed at the Dispute Settlement Body of the World Trade Organization (WTO). Japan, Korea, China, Taiwan, Switzerland, Brazil and others joined with similar cases.
On November 11, 2003, the WTO came out against the steel tariffs, saying that they had not been imposed during a period of import surge—steel imports had actually dropped a bit during 2001 and 2002—and that the tariffs therefore were a violation of America's WTO tariff-rate commitments. The ruling authorized more than $2 billion in sanctions, the largest penalty ever imposed by the WTO against a member state, if the United States did not quickly remove the tariffs. After receiving the verdict, Bush declared that they would preserve the tariffs. In retaliation, the European Union threatened to counter with tariffs of its own on products ranging from Florida oranges to cars produced in Michigan, with each tariff calculated to likewise hurt the President in a key marginal state. The United States backed down and withdrew the tariffs on December 4.
The early withdrawal of the tariffs also drew political criticism from steel producers and supporters of protectionism. The move was cheered by proponents of free trade and steel importers. When they lifted the tariffs, Bush said, "I took action to give the industry a chance to adjust to the surge in foreign imports and to give relief to the workers and communities that depend on steel for their jobs and livelihoods. These safeguard measures have now achieved their purpose, and as a result of changed economic circumstances it is time to lift them".
Impact
In September 2003, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) examined the economic effects of the Bush 2002 steel tariffs. The economy-wide analysis was designed to focus on the impacts that arose from the relative price changes resulting from the imposition of the tariffs, and estimated that the impact of the tariffs on the U.S. welfare ranged between a gain of $65.6 million (0.0006% of GDP) to a loss of $110.0 million (0.0011% of GDP), "with a central estimate of a welfare loss of $41.6 million." A majority of steel-consuming businesses reported that neither continuing nor ending the tariffs would change employment, international competitiveness, or capital investment.
According to a 2005 review of existing research, all studies on the tariffs "find that the costs of the Safeguard Measures outweighed their benefits in terms of aggregate GDP and employment as well as having an important redistributive impact."
Steel production rose slightly during the period of the tariff.
The protection of the steel industry in the United States may have had unintended consequences and perverse effects. A study from 2003 that was paid for by CITAC (Consuming Industries Trade Action Coalition), a trade association of businesses that use raw materials, found that around 200,000 jobs were lost as a result.
The U.S. International Trade Commission noted that although the CITAC study did estimate the impact of changing steel prices, it did not specify how much of the impact was attributable directly to the steel tariffs. The study reported estimated impact, relying on specific assumptions made to make analysis simpler. The ITC also noted that, within the broad definition of "steel-consuming industries" used in the CITAC study, employment actually increased by almost 53,000 between March 2002 and December 2002, and that employment in the same industries had fallen by 281,000 from March to December 2001, prior to the tariffs. On the other hand, the ITC admitted that the authors of the CITAC study had controlled for changes in overall manufacturing employment, and also admitted that the CITAC study's estimate of job loss in the steel-consuming sector was only half that reported by steel-consuming firms themselves in answers to questionnaires sent by the ITC, and only one-fifth that reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for the sector during the same period.
See also
Trump tariffs beginning 2018
China–United States trade war
References
External links
White House statement announcing tariff
White House statement announcing end of tariff
Steel tariff
United States federal trade legislation
George W. Bush administration controversies
United States Steel Tariff, 2002
Steel industry of the United States
March 2002 events in the United States
2002 in economics
The Hitchhiker Program (HH) was a NASA program established in 1984 and administered by the Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC) and the Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC). The program was designed to allow low-cost and quick reactive experiments to be placed on board the Space Shuttle. The program was discontinued after the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster of STS-107.
Program history
NASA's Hitchhiker project began in early 1984. It was created to accommodate small attached payloads in the Space Shuttle payload bay. Hitchhikers were intended for customers whose space activity requires power, data or command services.
The first Hitchhiker launched on STS-61-C on January 12, 1986. Called HHG-1, it was mounted to the side of the payload bay and carried three experiments. The second Hitchhiker launched on STS-39 on April 28, 1991. This payload was called Space Test Payload (STP)-1 and consisted of five experiments mounted onto a cross-bay carrier. Between 1992 and 1995, 12 Hitchhikers were manifested to fly on the Space Shuttle.
The Hitchhiker system provided real-time communications between the payload and customers in the Hitchhiker control center at Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland. The system also provided crew control/display capability, if necessary. Hitchhikers were created to provide a quick reaction and low cost capability for flying small payloads in the Shuttle payload bay.
Along with NASA's Get Away Specials (GAS), Hitchhiker was developed and operated by the Goddard Space Flight Center Shuttle Small Payloads Project (SSPP). Unlike Hitchhikers, GAS payloads were only mounted in canisters, did not connect to orbiter electrical services and did not require significant Shuttle support.
Hitchhiker experiments
Hitchhiker experiments were housed in canisters or attached to mounting plates. The Hitchhiker canister came in two varieties—the Hitchhiker Motorized Door Canister and the Sealed Canisters. The Hitchhiker Motorized Door Canister had mechanical interfaces nearly identical to a GAS canister and could accommodate a customer payload of up to 160 pounds (72.6 kilograms). This canister allowed a payload to be exposed directly to the environment of space.
The Sealed Canister, without a door, could accommodate a customer payload up to 200 pounds (90.7 kilograms). The payload in this canister was sealed in an atmosphere of nitrogen or air.
Experiments attached to mounting plates could be placed on the vertical plate, 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) by 39 inches (99.1 centimeters) mounting surface for up to 200 pounds (90.7 kilograms) of customer hardware. A larger mounting plate measured 50 inches (127 centimeters) by 60 inches (152.4 centimeters). This plate, available for use on the side-mount carrier, was for larger experiments or hardware requirements. Customer hardware mounted on plates may have needed additional customer-provided thermal control provisions, such as heaters or blankets.
List of all Hitchhiker and GAS experiments
Hitchhiker carrier system
The Hitchhiker carrier system was modular and expandable in accordance with payload requirements. This flexibility allowed maximum efficiency in utilizing orbiter resources and increased the potential for early manifesting on the shuttle.
There were two types of carrier systems—the Hitchhiker Side-Mount Carrier System and the Hitchhiker Cross-Bay Bridge Carrier System. Either system could accept the Hitchhiker canister and the mounting plates.
The Hitchhiker Side-Mount Carrier System used a GAS Adapter Beam for all equipment. The beam attached to the orbiter frame. The side-mount carrier was usually installed in the forward starboard side of the payload bay, although other configurations and locations were possible. This carrier could hold up to three experiments and the Hitchhiker avionics box, which connected the power, data and signal from the shuttle to the experiments.
The Hitchhiker Cross-Bay Carrier could be located anywhere in the payload bay. The carrier could accommodate 11 Hitchhiker canisters or 11 of the smaller mounting plates. There was also room for the necessary avionic units.
Four additional mounting slots were located on the top of the carrier and could accept 33 inches (83.8 centimeter) by 27 inch (68.6 centimeter) pallets or 33 inches (83.8 centimeter) by 55 inch (139.7 centimeter) pallets in any combination with up to 500 pounds (226.8 kilograms) of equipment. Any customer experiments and hardware that could be mounted on the side-mount carrier could also be flown on the cross-bay carrier.
Astronaut involvement
NASA created Hitchhikers to provide customers with a way to send small payloads into orbit on the Space Shuttle. This was done with a short turn-around-time—from manifest to flight took an average of 18 months. To keep the project on schedule, experiments needed to fit in canisters or on mounting plates and meet standard mechanical and electrical interfaces.
Because the payload met these conditions, it also was entitled to special "handling" in the orbiter that other small payloads, like the Get Away Specials did not receive. This special handling included tapping into the Shuttle for power and "astronaut" services," such as requiring specific shuttle attitudes or maneuvers. The orbiter crew moved the Shuttle when necessary to the position needed for the Hitchhiker experiment, provided it did not interfere with the needs of the primary payloads.
Hitchhikers were manifested to fly with primary payloads that either have similar requirements or that will not be affected by the changes in shuttle position necessary to the Hitchhiker experiments. In addition to making adjustments to the orbiter, the astronaut crew participated in the Hitchhiker experiments by controlling the flow of orbiter power on or off using two switches located on the Standard Switch Panel.
The first switch controlled power to the avionics unit. The second switch allowed power to flow from the avionics unit to the experiment. This simple measure allowed the astronauts to have some control over the experiment, in the event of a problem. For some payloads, the crew had a keyboard/display unit, for additional control.
Avionics
Getting the power from the shuttle to the payload required an avionics unit. This unit connected the power from the shuttle to the experiment. The avionics unit also carried the equipment for transmitting the data real-time to the ground control center. The avionics unit also contained the relay switching equipment and had the connections for the customer to use the shuttle television system, and the crew control/display system. Each avionics unit could handle the requirements for six experiments.
The Goddard Connection
Goddard was responsible for the management and operation of the Hitchhiker project through the Shuttle Small Payloads Project. In this capacity Goddard provided the Hitchhiker carriers and the avionics unit.
During the mission, customers used a control center located at Goddard. The customer provided Ground System Equipment (CGSE), software and personnel to generate commands to the payload and display data from the payload during flight, as well as during payload-to-carrier integration and verification testing.
The Hitchhiker carrier system was equipped with a "transparent" data system which allowed customers to easily use their existing ground equipment and software to control their experiments during flight. Data was sent down to the control center in real time, but it also was recorded at Goddard once it reached the ground. The data was transmitted over Goddard's Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System.
See also
NASA
Getaway Special
Space Shuttle program
References
Further reading
Hitchhiker Program - NASA Fact Sheet
University of Arizona - Hitchhiker
External links
Hitchhiker Ejection System
Hitchhiker STS-95 Experiments
Studied the critical viscosity of Xenon-a gas used in flash lamps and ion rocket engines
Infrared Spectral Imaging Radiometer experiment
NASA programs
Space Shuttle program
The Hardie Boys (alternatively spelled "Hardy Boys") can refer to:
Michael Hardie Boys, former New Zealand Governor-General.
The Hardy Boys, series of detective/adventure books.
Vanguard TV-1, also called Vanguard Test Vehicle-One, was the second sub-orbital test flight of a Vanguard rocket as part of the Project Vanguard. Vanguard TV-1 followed the successful launch of Vanguard TV-0 a one-stage rocket launched in December 1956.
Project Vanguard was a program managed by the United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), and designed and built by the Glenn L. Martin Company (now Lockheed-Martin), which intended to launch the first artificial satellite into Earth orbit using a Vanguard rocket as the launch vehicle from Cape Canaveral Missile Annex, Florida.
Vanguard TV-1 arrived at Cape Canaveral in February 1957. TV-1 was a two-stage rocket. Vanguard TV-1 used a liquid rocket from a modified Viking rocket for the first stage. The second stage was made by Grand Central Rocket Company. The second stage was a prototype solid-propellant rocket. This solid-propellant second stage later became the third stage of the final three-stage Vanguard vehicle. Three stages are needed to put a satellite in orbit, the goal of Vanguard.
Vanguard TV-1 lifted off on 1 May 1957 at 01:29local time (06:29 GMT) from Cape Canaveral from launch pad LC-18A. Launch pad 18A was an older Viking launch stand that was shipped from White Sands Missile Range for use at the Cape Canaveral. Pad 18A was also used on Vanguard Test Vehicle-Zero (Vanguard TV-0).
The main goal of Vanguard TV-1 was to test the solid-propellant rocket. The solid-propellant rocket needed to spin-up, separate from the first-stage booster, ignite, provide a proper propulsion and trajectory. Another goal was to test the techniques and equipment used to launch and track the rocket. The telemetry received during flight would record the proper propulsion and trajectory. The telemetry was picked up at the Air Force Missile Test Center's (AFMTC) tracking station. Vanguard TV-1 was successful, the two stage rocket achieved an altitude of and a down range of , landing in the Atlantic Ocean.
With Vanguard TV-0 and Vanguard TV-1 success, the next sub-orbital test flight, Vanguard TV-2, was launched in October 1957.
Background
Vanguard TV-0 and Vanguard TV-1 success was an important part of the Space Race. The Space Race started between the United States and the Soviet Union at the end of World War II, as a race began to retrieve as many V-2 rockets and Nazi Germany V-2 staff as possible. Three hundred rail-car loads of V-2 rocket weapons and parts were captured and shipped to the United States, also 126 of the principal designers of the V-2, including Wernher von Braun and Walter Dornberger, went to America. Von Braun, their brother Magnus von Braun, and seven others decided to surrender to the United States military in Operation Paperclip to ensure they were not captured by the advancing Soviets or shot dead by the Nazis to prevent their capture. Thus the V-2 program started the Space Race, the V-2 could not orbit, but could reach a height of on long range trajectory and up to if launched vertically.
Due to later problems with Vanguard it was not the first rocket to put into orbit an unmanned satellite. The first small-lift launch vehicle was the Sputnik rocket, it put into orbit an unmanned orbital carrier rocket designed by Sergei Korolev in the Soviet Union, derived from the R-7 Semyorka ICBM. On 4 October 1957, the Sputnik rocket was used to perform the world's first satellite launch, placing Sputnik 1 satellite into a low Earth orbit.
The United States responded by launching the Vanguard rocket, that was intended to be the first launch vehicle the United States would use to place a satellite into orbit. Instead, the Sputnik crisis caused by the surprise launch of Sputnik 1 led the U.S., after the failure of Vanguard TV-3, to quickly orbit the Explorer 1 satellite using a Juno I rocket launched on 1 February 1958. Thus Vanguard 1 was the second successful U.S. orbital launch. Thus started the Space Race, that gave the drive to put men on the Moon with the Apollo program.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
External links
VIKING, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L.; The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1957
Project Vanguard
The Free Spirit Alliance (FSA) is a non-profit spiritual networking organization serving the Pagan and pantheist communities. Founded on May 21, 1986 and based in the Mid-Atlantic area of the United States, FSA's focus has been presenting regional and local events where people from diverse backgrounds can learn and share ideas. Its promotional literature and website state that the organization has striven to develop a national reputation for being willing to work with often sensitive and personal issues in a friendly and safe environment.
FSA's main event is the Free Spirit Gathering, held in June. The gathering is held at a private campground near Darlington, Maryland.
The Free Spirit Gathering is a program-driven outdoor festival which focuses upon magical and spiritual opportunities for the greater Pagan and magical communities. FSG places a strong emphasis on education, training, networking, celebration and fellowship. It attracts people from as far away as Washington, California, Hawaii, Texas, Minnesota and Canada. It is one of the oldest Pagan festivals in the country, celebrating its 35th year in 2020, and in peak years has had an attendance of over 800 people.
See also
Neopaganism in the United States
References
External links
Free Spirit Alliance official site
Free Spirit Gathering official site
1986 establishments in Maryland
Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland
Darlington, Maryland
Modern Pagan festivals
Modern Pagan organizations based in the United States
Pantheism
Religion in Maryland
Religious organizations established in 1986
Modern Pagan organizations established in the 1980s
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Yau Tze Tin Memorial College () is an aided secondary school in Hong Kong. Fully subsidized by Government of Hong Kong, the day school is located in Siu Hong Court, Tuen Mun, New Territories. The grammar school is the tenth secondary school established by Tung Wah Group of Hospitals, the oldest and largest charitable organization of Hong Kong, in 1982.
See also
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
Education in Hong Kong
List of secondary schools in Hong Kong
List of schools in Hong Kong
References
External links
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Yau Tsz Tin Memorial College (in Chinese)
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
School Profile
Yau Tze Tin Memorial College
Yau Tze Tin Memorial College
Educational institutions established in 1982
Secondary schools in Hong Kong
1982 establishments in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun
Ostrinotes is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Ostrinotes purpuriticus (H. Druce, 1907) cryptic hairstreak – southeast Mexico to Colombia
Ostrinotes empusa (Hewitson, 1867) Empusa hairstreak – Panama to Argentina
Ostrinotes halciones (A. Butler & H. Druce, 1872) halciones hairstreak – Mexico to Brazil
Ostrinotes tympania (Hewitson, 1869) Brazil
Ostrinotes tarena (Hewitson, 1874) French Guiana
Ostrinotes gentiana (H. Druce, 1907) Colombia
Ostrinotes sospes (Draudt, 1920) Colombia
Ostrinotes keila (Hewitson, 1869) Keila hairstreak – Mexico to Colombia
Ostrinotes sophocles (Fabricius, 1793) "Indiis" and Brazil
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Reichenstein Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
It is one of four castles on a slope called Birseck that confines the plain of the Birs river and is the sister castle to Birseck Castle.
1245-1813 the castle was a property of the Swiss noble family Reich von Reichenstein. This family hold also the Château de Landskron (France) and Inzlingen Castle (Germany).
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Quentin Aubague (born 16 June 1989) is a French Paralympic cyclist who competes in international road cycling competitions.  They are a nine-time World champion. They have competed at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Paralympics and has reached fourth place in the road race at both Games.
Aubague had a cerebral haemorrhage after they were born and had quadriplegia in all four limbs as a result, their parents were told that they will never walk. When they became a toddler, their parents encouraged them to use a tricycle and Aubague started to pedal without any help. They continued their love for cycling into their teens and they often travelled with their father on a tandem and they later ensued their passion into elite tricycle racing, Aubague began their sporting career at the 2009 UCI Para-cycling Road World Championships in Bogogno, Italy and won their first ever medals, two golds in the road race and time trial T1.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Paralympic cyclists of France
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
In transportation engineering, the K factor is defined as the proportion of annual average daily traffic occurring in an hour.
This factor is used for designing and analyzing the flow of traffic on highways. K factors must be calculated at a continuous count station, usually an "automatic traffic recorder", for a year before being determined. Usually this number is the proportion of "annual average daily traffic" (AADT) occurring at the 30th-highest hour of traffic density from the year's-worth of data. This 30th-highest hour of traffic is also known as "K30" or the "Design Hour Factor". This factor improves traffic forecasting, which in turn improves the ability of designers and engineers to plan for efficiency and serve the needs of this particular set of traffic. Such forecasting includes the selection of pavement and inclusion of different geometric aspects of highway design, as well as the effects of lane closures and necessity of traffic lights. Engineers have reached consensus on identify K30 as reaching a reasonable peak of activity before high outliers of traffic volume are used as determinative of overall patterns.
The K factor has three general characteristics:
K generally decreases as AADT increases.
K generally decreases as development density increases.
K is generally the highest near recreational facilities, next highest in rural and suburban areas, and lowest in urban areas.
Another notable proportions of K is the measure of K100 (the proportion of AADT occurring during the 100th highest hour of the design year). This proportion is also known as the Planning Analysis Hour Factor.
Calculation
The calculation for the K factor is given by the formula
in which DHV is the "Design Hourly Volume," the 30th highest hourly traffic volume (in both directions) in the year in which data was collected, by vehicles per hour.
Usage
The use of the K30 standard is mandated for the Highway Performance Monitoring System's comparisons of congestion. The K Factor also helps calculate the peak-to-daily ratio of traffic. K30 helps maintain a healthy volume to capacity ratio.
References
Transportation engineering
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metre butterfly event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 1998-01-14 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 200m Butterfly (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 200m Butterfly (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 200m Butterfly (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 200m Butterfly (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Edward Hall Alderson may refer to:
Sir Edward Alderson (judge) (1787–1857), Baron of the Exchequer
Sir Edward Alderson (parliamentary clerk) (1864–1951), Clerk of the Parliaments and grandson of the above
José Manuel Suárez Rivas (born 18 February 1974), known as Sietes, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a left back.
They appeared in 194 La Liga matches over ten seasons, mainly for Racing de Santander. They started their 19-year senior career with Real Oviedo.
Club career
Sietes, who was born in Sietes, Asturias, receiving their nickname from their birthplace, started playing for local giants Real Oviedo, first appearing with the first team on 27 March 1994 in a 0–0 away draw against Real Valladolid. With just nine La Liga matches throughout the entire season, they did score two goals in back-to-back 3–0 wins, over Athletic Bilbao and Atlético Madrid.
Signing with Valencia CF in the 1995–96 campaign, Sietes was used sparingly over two seasons – underperforming mainly due to homesickness– and moved to Racing de Santander for 1997–98, where they would constantly battle top-flight relegation (which would eventually befall in 2001, with the club returning in the immediate following season with 39 appearances from the player). Their career was unassuming afterwards, with stints mainly in the second division, punctuated by a season with Watford in the English Championship where they did not play one single minute.
After only five games for CD Numancia in the 2007–08 campaign, with the Soria team returning to the top division after a three-year absence, Sietes moved to fourth-tier side CD Lealtad in Villaviciosa, remaining there three seasons. On 31 August 2012, after having helped Real Avilés, also in their native region, promote to the third level, the 38-year-old announced their retirement.
International career
Sietes represented Spain at the 1996 Summer Olympics, appearing once for the quarter-finalists.
Post-retirement
After retiring, Sietes was Avilés' general manager for a brief period of time. Also, they worked as mayor of Rales (a parish in Llanes, from 2007 to 2011), councilman in the Villaviciosa town hall (2011–12) and scout of RCD Mallorca.
Additionally, Sietes was involved in rural tourism.
Honours
Club
Numancia
Segunda División: 2007–08
International
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: Runner-up 1996
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Villaviciosa, Asturias
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Asturias
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Tercera División players
Real Oviedo Vetusta players
Real Oviedo players
Valencia CF players
Racing de Santander players
Deportivo Alavés players
Real Murcia players
CD Numancia players
CD Lealtad players
Real Avilés CF footballers
Watford F.C. players
Spain under-21 international footballers
Spain under-23 international footballers
Olympic footballers of Spain
Footballers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Heritage Street Amritsar is one of the oldest streets of Amritsar in Punjab, India, located between the Golden Temple and the Town Hall. The street was reconstructed and opened by Chief Minister of Punjab Parkash Singh Badal in on 26 October 2016 as a tourist attraction and open walk street on the lines of open monuments in European cities like Rome, Venice and Florence.
History and Background
The Golden Temple is the most visited place in Punjab, India, with over 100,000 visitors daily. The stretch from Town Hall to Golden Temple was messed with vehicles, overhead cables, enroachments and street hawkers. The idea of Heritage Street was created to develop a revampled, no-vehicle zone with a new 'heritage façade' to each of 170 shops in it. The construction took over 330 days and 1200 people to complete.
Construction
The construction was carried out by Jaipur-based architect Anup Bartaria and their firm called 'Sincere Architects' The facade along with the street that leads to the shrine was redeveloped on lines of European Cities. The idea was to give the place a vintage look, reminiscent of Amritsar that existed 400 years ago. More than 20 buildings and facades were refurbished in the project. Each facade was unique in construction and its requirements. Biggest hurdle was to mount fixtures in public places where there was no space available for mounting. The architects did not want to see the fixtures at all. Town Hall was an existing facade and it was a part of the heritage site. No drilling, external mounting was allowed on the facade.
Key Attractions
Golden Temple
Akal Takht Sahib
Partition Museum (Town Hall)
Jallianwala Bagh
Maharaja Ranjit Singh Chowk
Inspiration
Heritage Street in Amritsar was first of its kind concept in India. Upon its success, many more streets are planned and developed on the lines of Heritage Street, Amritsar as follows:
Chandni Chowk in Delhi is being redeveloped on the lines of Heritage Street,Amritsar
Heritage Street in Patiala is planned on the lines of Heritage Street,Amritsar
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Amritsar
Tourist attractions in Amritsar
Streets in India
This is a list of awards and nominations received by iKon, a South Korean boy band formed in 2015 by YG Entertainment. After their debut in 2015, the group won the best new artist award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards, Melon Music Awards, Seoul Music Awards, Golden Disc Awards, and Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards. In 2016 the group focused their activities in Japan and China, which led them to win the best new artist award at the Japan Record Awards and QQ Music Awards.
Korean
Asia Artist Awards
Gaon Chart Music Awards
Genie Music Awards
Golden Disc Awards
Mnet Asian Music Awards
Seoul Music Awards
Melon Music Awards
Melon Popularity Award
Soribada Best K-Music Awards
Arena Homme+'s A-awards
V Live Awards
The Fact Music Awards
International
Asian Pop Music Awards
China Music Awards
Japan Record Award
Japan Gold Disc Award
Netease Attitude Awards
QQ Music Awards
Notes
References
iKon
Awards
The 34th Army was part of the Red Army during the Second World War. The army was formed on 16 July 1941 in the Moscow Military District.
Combat history
1941
On 18 July the army was assigned to the Moscow line of defense occupying positions west of Maloyaroslavets where it was assigned troops. On 25 July the army became part of the backup for Lieutenant General Bagdanov, which on 30 July was designated as the Reserve Front the army headquarters located in Lüübnitsa, Russia (now Estonia). On 6 August the army was reassigned to the Northwestern Front.
Composition on 1 August 1941:
245th Rifle Division
257th Rifle Division
259th Rifle Division
262nd Rifle Division
25th Cavalry Division
54th Cavalry Division
171st Antitank Artillery Regiment
759th Antitank Artillery Regiment
16th Armored Train
59th Armored Train
The army was tasked to defend the eastern bank of the Lovat River from Kholm to Kulakovo south of the German-held city of Staraya Russa. STAVKA Directive 00824 tasked the army to strike the left wing of the German forces defeating the forces in the area between Soltsy and Staraya Russa. If successful, the operation could cut off the entire right flank of the Army Group North. According to the order the army was by 15 August to advance more the 25 miles to the line of Snezhka-Chudinovo-Rechnye Kottsy, and by 18 August was to reach the line of Volot-Dolzhino.
By 11 August the army had reached the Polist River along a 24-mile front from Vzglyady to Gojko and launched their offensive. The German X Corps only had small outposts on its flank with the 30th and 129th Infantry Divisions east of Staraya Russa arrayed against the Soviet 11th Army and the 290th Infantry Division on the south side of Staraya Russa guarding the Germ right flank. After the start of the Soviet Offensive the German forces were moved west of Staraya Russa.
The first echelon, consisting of the 245th, 257th, 262nd Rifle and the 25th Cavalry Divisions, advanced quickly reaching there 18 August goals by 14 August and cutting the railroad between Dno and Staraya Russa.
By the end of September the army's line had stabilized to the north and northeast of Demyansk from Lake Vella to Lychkovo and remained in these positions through the end of the year.
1942
1943
The year began as it did in 1942 with preparations for participation in the Demyansk Offensive.
Composition on 1 February 1943:
171st Rifle Division
182nd Rifle Division
200th Rifle Division
245th Rifle Division
144th Rifle Brigade
146th Rifle Brigade
161st Rifle Brigade
91st Fortified Region
458th Light Artillery Regiment (75th Light Artillery Brigade)
698th Light Artillery Regiment (78th Light Artillery Brigade)
387th Gun Artillery Regiment (76th Gun Artillery Brigade)
575th High-Power Howitzer Artillery Regiment
1200th High-Power Howitzer Artillery Regiment
482nd Mortar Regiment
9th Guards Mortar Brigade
95th Guards Mortar Regiment
83rd Tank Brigade
29th Armored Train Battalion
238th Engineer Battalion
1391st Engineer Regiment
597th Bomber Aviation Regiment
Prior to the start of the offensive the German successfully withdrew their forces from the Demyansk Pocket and the 34th Army was limited to pursuing rear guard forces. By 28 February the army had arrived at the Lovat River. By the elimination of the pocket the front line had been significantly decreased, and the units of the 34th Army were reassigned to the 11th and 52nd Armies and the headquarters airlifted to the area northeast of Staraya Russa where it took command of some of the forces assigned to the 27th Army.
On 18 March the army, with forces recently reassigned from the 27th attempted to storm Staraya Russa. The army encountered five German divisions along the line of villages Dinner Medvedno, Bryashnaya Gore Sobolev Derevkovo to Porus, the attack was repulsed, restarted on 20 March when it was able to liberate a few small villages moving a little closer to Staraya Russa but unable to liberate the city. The army remained outside Staraya Russa until November 1943 holding the defensive line and attempting to storm the city. On 17–20 August another massive attack was attempted and repulsed again.
Composition on 1 April 1943:
12th Guards Rifle Corps
127th Rifle Brigade
144th Rifle Brigade
151st Rifle Brigade
161st Rifle Brigade
26th Rifle Division
245th Rifle Division
254th Rifle Division
282nd Rifle Division
370th Rifle Division
27th Ski Brigade
26th Artillery Division
75th Light Artillery Brigade
72nd Gun Artillery Brigade
77th Howitzer Artillery Brigade
24th Mortar Brigade
11th Guards Army Artillery Regiment
191st High-Power Howitzer Artillery Regiment
515th High-Power Howitzer Artillery Regiment
402nd High-Power Artillery Regiment
482nd Mortar Regiment
8th Guards Mortar Brigade
22nd Guards Mortar Regiment
26th Guards Mortar Regiment
39th Guards Mortar Regiment
95th Guards Mortar Regiment
708th Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment (44th Antiaircraft Artillery Division)
3rd Separate Guards Tank Regiment
239th Separate Tank Regiment
11th Aerosleigh Battalion
18th Aerosleigh Battalion
35th Aerosleigh Battalion
29th Armored Train Battalion
35th Armored Train Battalion
238th Engineer Battalion
1391st Engineer Battalion
86th Pontoon-Bridge Battalion
Composition on 1 November 1943:
96th Rifle Corps
37th Rifle Division
150th Rifle Division
370th Rifle Division
26th Rifle Division
182nd Rifle Division
37th Rifle Brigade
27th Artillery Division
78th Light Artillery Brigade
76th Gun Artillery Brigade
74th Howitzer Artillery Brigade
151st Gun Artillery Regiment
989th Howitzer Artillery Regiment
641st Tank Destroyer Regiment
32nd Mortar Brigade
482nd Mortar Regiment
21st Guards Mortar Brigade
26th Guards Mortar Regiment
27th Guards Mortar Regiment
70th Guards Mortar Regiment
47th Antiaircraft Artillery Division
1585th Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment
1586th Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment
1591st Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment
1592nd Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment
582nd Antiaircraft Artillery Regiment
63rd Guards Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion
64th Guards Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion
65th Separate Tank Regiment
239th Separate Tank Regiment
249th Separate Tank Regiment
29th Armored Train Battalion
35th Armored Train Battalion
1391st Engineer Battalion
54th Pontoon-Bridge Battalion
58th Pontoon-Bridge Battalion
86th Pontoon-Bridge Battalion
Disbanding
On 20 November 1943 the forces assigned to the army were transferred to 1st Shock Army and the headquarters placed in STAVKA reserve. On 15 January 1944 the headquarters was redesignated 4th Army (III formation).
Commanders
Brigade Commander Nikolai Nilovich Pronin- (18 July – 3 August 1941)
Major General Kuzma Kachanov (ru) - (3 August – 12 September 1941) - executed
Major General Petr Alferev - (12 September – 25 December 1941)
Major General Nikolai Berzarin - (25 December 1941 – 14 October 1942)
Lieutenant General Anton Lopatin - (14 October 1942 – 10 March 1943)
Lieutenant General Pavel Kurochkin - (10 March – 22 June 1943)
Lieutenant General Ivan Sovetnikov - (22 June 1943 – 13 January 1944)
References
Notes
Sources
Marchand, Jean-Luc. Order of Battle Soviet Army World War 2. The Nafziger Collection, 24 Volumes
Field armies of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations established in 1941
Guiyang railway station is a railway station in Nanming District, Guiyang, Guizhou, China. It is also a stop on Line 1 of the Guiyang Metro.
This station handles all conventional or low-speed passenger trains that serve Guiyang. High-speed trains use Guiyang North and/or Guiyang East.
History
The station was opened in 1959. The station was demolished and rebuilt in 2000, the new building was opened on 30 December.
References
Railway stations in Guizhou
Railway stations in China opened in 1959
Anastasiya Dabizha (died 1703), was a princess of Moldavia and Wallachia and a Hetmana of Ukraine by marriage to George Ducas, Prince of Moldavia, Prince of Wallachia, and Hetman of Ukraine (r. 1681-1685).
They were daughter of Dafina Catrina, princess-consort of Moldova, by their first husband the Grand Treasurer Dumitry Buhus. When widiwed, Dafina Catrina then married Anastasia's stepfather, Eustratie Dabija, whom the family made Prince of Moldavia in 1661.  They are known for their love life, as they had a number of lovers, notably Sherban Kantakuzino, later ruler of Romania, which was reported as scandals in contemporary annals. They were also a political supporter of their spouse, and managed to secure a great loan to finance their power as hetman in Ukraine.
References
Чухліб Т. Гетьмани і монархи. Українська держава в міжнародних відносинах 1648–1714 рр. — К. — Нью-Йорк, 2003.
Подарунок українській історії від сонячної Молдови
Anastasia Duca
1703 deaths
17th-century Ukrainian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
17th-century Romanian people
Royal consorts of Moldavia
Royal consorts of Wallachia
18th-century Romanian women
Zamperini Field is a public airport three miles (5 km) southwest of downtown Torrance, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.
The airport is classified by the FAA as a Regional Reliever and was once known as Torrance Municipal Airport; it was renamed for local sports and war hero Louis Zamperini on December 7, 1946, the fifth anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attack.
History
The airport was completed by the United States Army Air Forces on March 31, 1943, and was known as Lomita Flight Strip. It was an emergency landing field for military aircraft on training flights. It was closed after World War II and the War Assets Administration (WAA) turned it over to local government. Once turned over to the City of Torrance it was renamed Zamperini Field on December 7, 1946.
Facilities
Zamperini Field covers and has two asphalt/concrete runways: 11L/29R, 5,000 x 150 ft (1,524 x 46 m) and 11R/29L, 3,000 x 75 ft (914 x 23 m). It has one asphalt helipad, 110 x 110 ft (34 x 34 m).
In the year ending May 31, 2005 the airport had 173,027 aircraft operations, average 474 per day: 99% general aviation, 1% military and <1% air taxi. 499 aircraft are based at the airport: 89% single-engine, 8% multi-engine, 2% helicopter and <1% glider.
Terminal
Zamperini Field has a small terminal with a vending machine, conference room, bathroom, and flight planning room. Outside a patio has small tables. Inside the terminal are historical papers related to the airport on the wall and a security post. A Lockheed T-33 (#52-9239) is on display on the turn court outside the terminal.
Helicopter operations
The helipad for a neighboring hospital, the Torrance Medical Center, is at the north-west corner of the airfield.
Manufacturing
Zamperini Field is the home of Robinson Helicopter Company. Their entire production, assembly, and testing facilities are on the southeast side of the airfield and are the largest buildings at the field.
Museum
Zamperini Field is the new home of the Western Museum of Flight, previously in Hawthorne, California.
Accidents and incidents
A crash on April 9, 1982, killed three people in a Cessna 170 Cardinal. No bystanders were harmed. The single-engine passenger plane plunged from the sky shortly after takeoff and crashed in front of Farrell's in the middle of Hawthorne Boulevard, a major thoroughfare in Torrance. The nose-first impact created a fireball in the heavily trafficked street and shot flames over 100 feet into the air. Nearby parked cars were destroyed. Patrons of the restaurant referred to the scene as pandemonium.
The Aeroméxico Flight 498 or Cerritos air disaster happened in 1986, when a private Piper Cherokee owned by William Kramer en route from Torrance to Big Bear City Airport near Big Bear Lake collided with a Douglas DC-9 owned by Aeroméxico en route from Mexico to Los Angeles International Airport. Both aircraft crashed, killing all on board and a few on the ground.
January 19, 2019: An Aviat Pitts S-1T, N31WK, collided with an experimental Rutan VariEze, N27GM, while taxiing to parking at Zamperini Field Airport (TOA), Torrance, California. The owner/pilot of the Pitts was not injured; the airplane sustained minor damage. The owner/pilot of VariEze sustained minor injuries; the airplane was substantially damaged.
September 19, 2019: A Cessna 177, N2323Y, airplane, was substantially damaged when it impacted a building about 3/4 mile east of the Zamperini Field Airport (TOA) Torrance, California. The commercial pilot was fatally injured, and the passenger was seriously injured.
November 7, 2019: A Cirrus SR-22 departed from Zamperini Field in Torrance and had been in the air for about 19 minutes before it crashed. It had been heading to Cable Airport, a small independently owned airport less than two miles from the neighborhood where the plane went down, according to flight records. The pilot of a single-engine plane flying to a small airport in San Bernardino County was killed when their aircraft crashed into a home as it neared its destination, authorities said. Two people in the home were unharmed.
February 19, 2021: A Piper PA-32-260 Cherokee Six, N57014, departed from Zamperini Field at 11:47PM and crashed into a semi-truck on Terminal Island in the Port of Los Angeles shortly before 12:30PM. The pilot was pronounced dead at the scene while the driver of the truck sustained serious injuries. The cause of the crash is still under investigation.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lobb, Charles. Torrance Airport. Charleston, South Carolina: Arcadia Publishing, 2006.
Shaw, Frederick J. Locating Air Force Base Sites: History's Legacy. Washington, D.C.: United States Air Force History and Museums Program, 2004.
External links
Zamperini Field page at city website
Zamperini Field (unofficial information site)
www.airfieldsdatabase.com
Airports in Los Angeles County, California
Flight Strips of the United States Army Air Forces
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
History of Torrance, California
Transportation in Torrance, California
Airports established in 1943
1943 establishments in California
Dobromil may refer to:
Dobromil (given name), a given name of Slavic origin
Dobromil, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Dobromil, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Dobromilice, a village and municipality (obec) in Prostějov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Dobromil, the Polish name for the town of Dobromyl, Ukraine
See also
Dobrosław
The Great War in England in 1897 was written by William Le Queux and published in 1894.
Le Queux's work is an early example of Invasion literature genre, which began with The Battle of Dorking in 1871, where the British are soundly defeated by an invading German army. The Battle of Dorking was written by army veteran George Tomkyns Chesney, originally as a warning against the further demobilisation of the British armed forces.
Plot
Le Queux's novel depicts Britain being invaded by coalition forces led by France and Russia, who make several early advances, but the brave English patriots fight on and eventually manage to turn the tide, especially after Germany enters the war on the side of the British.
By the end of the story, the invasion goes the other way as the victors divide the spoils: Britain seizes Algeria and Russian Central Asia, thus decisively winning The Great Game, and Germany annexes more of mainland France in addition to Alsace-Lorraine, thus leaving the enemies crushed and both the British and German empires the dominant forces of Europe.
Historical approach
From a historical perspective, the book is interested in depicting the precise reverse of the alliances of the actual World War I which broke out two decades after its publication: France and Russia, which were to become Britain's World War I allies, are depicted as its implacable cruel foes, while Imperial Germany is the gallant ally coming to Britain's aid at the nick of time.
As evidenced by the book's great popularity, the scenario of such an alliance seemed plausible to the British public in 1894; only four years later, Britain and France were indeed on the verge of war during the Fashoda Incident.
The fate of the story's treacherous villain who, with all their plots unmasked flees to Spain and there meets an ignominious end, might have been inspired by the fate of Richard Pigott. The author of the "Pigott forgeries" had in 1889 tried to defame Charles Stewart Parnell, and after their plot was discovered, fled to Madrid and there killed himself. At the time of writing, this was a recent and well-known scandal.
The Entente Cordiale of 1904 changed the diplomatic and military landscape, which was reflected in fictional writings. Thus in 1906, Le Queux wrote The Invasion of 1910, which featured Germany invading and occupying Britain and stressed the need to prepare for war with Germany.
Influences on other works
The Great War in England is considered to have influenced, directly and indirectly, many subsequent works. Specifically, H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds. In Wells' book, as in Le Queux's, a relentless enemy makes a devastating surprise attack and penetrates to the heart of London. In many ways, however, Wells' book seems a deliberate antithesis to Le Queux's nationalism: in the Wells book, the attack is extraterrestrial with the invading Martians posing a deadly threat to all humanity equally; human weapons are futile against the invaders, who are overcome only by earthly microbes; and in the aftermath, the nations of chastened humanity are drawn together.
Anthologies
Before Armageddon: An Anthology of Victorian and Edwardian Imaginative Fiction Published Before 1914 (1976)
See also
The Invasion of 1910
Invasion literature
External links
William Le Queux (1894). The Great War in England in 1897. From Internet Archive.
1894 British novels
Invasion literature
British science fiction novels
Fictional invasions of England
Fiction set in 1897
Aniceto "Chito" Mangahas Sobrepeña is the president of the Metrobank Foundation.  They are also the executive director of GT Foundation, vice chairperson of the Federal Land, vice chairperson, Manila Doctors Hospital, Inc. and a member of the board of trustees of the Toyota Motor Philippines School of Technology, Inc.(TMP Tech). Prior to working in the private sector, Sobrepeña was concurrently the cabinet secretary in the Office of the President and Head of the Presidential Management Staff during President Corazon C. Aquino's administration, and deputy director general of the National Economic and Development Authority(NEDA).
Early life and education
Sobrepeña was born on June 17, 1953, in San Jose City, a farming community in northern Nueva Ecija. They graduated with First Honorable Mention honors in high school in 1969. They finished their A.B. political science degree, cum laude, and with departmental honors at the Ateneo de Manila University (ADMU) in 1973. Later, they acquired their Certificate in Development Economics from the University of the Philippines School of Economics (UPSE) as a National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) Scholar in 1974. They completed their Master of Arts in development economics from the Williams College in Massachusetts, US, in 1977, also a NEDA-USAID scholar in 1977.
Sobrepeña was a member of the Federation of Free Farmers during the pre-martial law era, advocating land reform even though their family, owned substantial tracts of land in the province. They were recruited to join the NEDA right after graduation, and after finishing their training at the UPSE, they volunteered for an assignment serving in the Eastern Visayas Regional Development Council from 1974 to 1976.
Public service
Beginning as a Research Assistant, Sobrepeña became a director in the national government at the age of 27, steering the Policy Coordination Staff of NEDA. They later joined the Office of the President as undersecretary before being appointed as cabinet secretary and head of the Presidential Management Staff (PMS) from 1990 to 1992 during the historic transition to democrative governance, Sobrepeña was the youngest member in the Corazon Aquino Cabinet at 36. Their last appointment in government was during the term of President Fidel V. Ramos as Deputy Director General of the NEDA from 1992 to 1995. their total government service of more than 22 years marked with the distinction of achieving the highest rank in the Career Executive Service Officers (CESO) corps (Rank I) from the Career Executive Service Board.
Sobrepeña worked for more than two decades in the public service. They directed and supervised the provision of technical and conference support to the president and the cabinet, through the Cabinet Assistance System (CAS), including coordination of presidential state visits. Their responsibilities in the NEDA included managing the review of proposed economic policies and the formulation of regional and physical development plans. When President Aquino championed NGOs and people's organizations in governance and development, Chito served on the Philippine Council for Sustainable Development (PCSD).
Private sector
Sobrepeña is currently the president of the Metrobank Foundation, Inc. (MBFI), the corporate social responsibility (CSR) arm of the Metrobank Group.
For more than 17 years now as a private sector leader, they have steered the MBFI to new heights of institutional achievements in the public affairs and human development arena. The MBFI has emerged as one of the country's most dynamic philanthropic organizations, implementing a wide array of CSR programs in such key sectors as education, visual arts, health care, the judiciary, police and military, and grant-making to various socio-civic and charitable institutions in the Philippines and in the Asia-Pacific Region.
Under Sobrepeña's leadership, Metrobank was declared winner in the Corporate Social Responsibility Program category of the 1999 Asian Banking Awards, in recognition of the significant impact of the MBFI's different programs on the country's development efforts. Since joining the Metrobank Group, the MBFI has since garnered three (3) international awards and close to fifty (50) awards of recognition from public affairs organizations and government bodies, such as the Public Relations Society of the Philippines, and the International Association of Business Communicators Philippines.
In 2012 the Metrobank Foundation was awarded the Distinguished Sesquicentennial (150 years) Gawad Rizal Awards from the National Historical Commission of the Philippines. The institution was similarly recognized as Quezon City's Most Outstanding Organization for 2012 as the leading CSR institution for a leading banking enterprise.
In 2012, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) invited Sobrepeña to Paris, France to speak on the initiatives of Metrobank Foundation in promoting the status of teachers, especially the 28-year-old Search for Outstanding Teachers and the annual National Teachers' Month celebrations. Theirs being the lone panelist from Asia to address the international gathering was regarded as a recognition of the successful programs of the Foundation and the leadership of the institution in corporate social responsibility
The De La Salle University conferred on the Foundation the Signum Ministerii(Sign of Service) Medal “in recognition of its various initiatives, programs and achievements toward the enhancement of the quality of life of and the promotion of a culture of excellence among Filipinos.” MBFI is the third recipient of the award aligning itself with venerable institutions that have vigorously figured in the attainment of our nation's democracy, namely, the Radio Veritas, the only Catholic radio station in Asia in 1983, and the National Citizen's Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL) in 1984.
Awards and recognition
The following are some of the awards and recognition given to Sobrepeña in the course of their private and government career:
Career Executive Service Officer, Rank (the highest rank that the President of the Republic can appoint a civil servant; achieved through performance-based evaluation), 1991
Katangi-tanging Huwaran ng Career Executive Service (CES Exemplars), Career Executive Service Board, 2008
CEO (Communication Excellence in Organizations) Excel Award, International Association of Business Communicators Philippines, 2005
Most Outstanding NEDA Official in the Central Office for CY 1993 (NEDA Director-General's Citation)
Most Outstanding Citizen, San Jose City (Nueva Ecija), 20th Foundation Day Celebration, 1989
Quezon City Most Outstanding Citizen for 2013, 74th Quezon City Founding Anniversary, 2013
2013 Rotary Golden Wheel Awardee for Corporate Social Responsibility Development, Rotary Club District 3780
Personal life
Sobrepeña is active in the “Ang Ligaya ng Panginoon” (Joy of the Lord), a Catholic Christian covenant community based in Metro Manila. They have been a member since 1982, and was involved in the community and its Partners-in-Mission, including Couples for Christ, Christ's Youth in Action, and the Brotherhood of Christian Businessmen and Professionals. Chito had served as pastoral leader to single men and, together with their wife, and is currently involved in conducting marriage enrichment workshops, called Intimacy Weekend.
Chito is married to the former Anna Isabel Crisostomo and has three children who all have completed college education, namely: Gabriel, Rafael, and Michaela.
References
“Aniceto ‘Chito' Sobrepeña". Manila Bulletin http://www.mb.com.ph/articles/378062/aniceto-chito-sobrepe-a (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Executive Profile: Aniceto M. Sobrepeña” Businessweek http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=11502822&ticker=MBT:PM&previousCapId=874909&previousTitle=METROPOLITAN%20BANK%20%26%20TRUST (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Profile Display Aniceto Sobrepeña” www.jesuitcommons.org/index.asp?bid=74&smid=21105 (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Interview: Aniceto Sobrepeña, President, Metrobank Foundation-Philippines” United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) http://www.unesco.org/new/en/education/themes/education-building-blocks/teacher-education/single-view/news/interview_aniceto_sobrepena_president_metrobank_foundation_philippines/ (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Entrevista: Aniceto Sobrepeña, Presidente de la Fundación Metrobank-Filipinas”. Organización de las Naciones Unidas para la Educación, la Ciencia y la Cultura (UNESCO) http://www.unesco.org/new/es/media-services/single-view/news/interview_aniceto_sobrepena_president_metrobank_foundation_philippines/ (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Interview - Aniceto Sobrepeña, Président de la Fundation Metrobank, Philippines”. Organisation des Nations Unies pour l'ėducation, la science et la culture (UNESCO) http://www.unesco.org/new/fr/media-services/single-view/news/interview_aniceto_sobrepena_president_metrobank_foundation_philippines/ (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“DLSU confers Signum Ministerii to Metrobank Foundation”. SunStar http://www.sunstar.com.ph/manila/business/2013/02/20/dlsu-confers-signum-ministerii-metrobank-foundation-269166 (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Trustee: Aniceto Sobrepeña”. PinoyMe Foundation https://web.archive.org/web/20130717005449/http://www.pinoyme.com/who-we-are/people (accessed on November 15, 2012)
“Sobrepena, Aniceto”. Reuters https://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/officerProfile?symbol=MBT.PS&officerId=520665 (accessed on November 15, 2012)
"Sobrepena, Aniceto". Manila Bulletin
"CESDP Alumni". Career Executive Service Development Program http://dap.edu.ph/pmdp/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=33&Itemid=46 (accessed on July 16, 2013)
"Board of Trustees". Local Government Academy https://web.archive.org/web/20130801143250/http://lga.gov.ph/board-trustees (accessed on July 16, 2013)
"Aniceto M. Sobrepena". YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU7h9PPrqDc (accessed on July 16, 2013)
"Mr. Aniceto M. Sobrepena. President, Metrobank Foundation". UNESCO http://mbfoundation.org.ph/docs/AMS-UNSECO-Paris-Powerpoint.pdf (accessed on July 16, 2013)
"Aniceto "Chito" Sobrepena". Yahoo! News Philippines https://web.archive.org/web/20131029194300/http://ph.news.yahoo.com/aniceto-chito-sobrepe-021944123--finance.html (accessed on July 18, 2013)
"Opening Remarks of President Aniceto Sobrepena". Search for the Country's Outstanding Policemen in Service (COPS) Awarding Ceremonies https://web.archive.org/web/20140913083230/http://www.cops.ph/cops-search/cops-speeches/306-opening-remarks-of-president-aniceto-sobrepena (accessed July 18, 2013)
"‘Made of Gold': Lavish book celebrates nearly 30 years of Metrobank art contest". Philippine Daily Inquirer http://lifestyle.inquirer.net/97825/made-of-gold-lavish-book-celebrates-nearly-30-years-of-metrobank-art-contest (accessed on July 18, 2013)
"Thirteen Artists Awards Ceremony and Exhibit Opening at the CCP". Cultural Center of the Philippines (accessed on July 18, 2013)
Chee Kee, Raoul J. "Chito Sobrepeña – Why giving back to society has been their life's work" Philippine Daily Inquirer 18 Aug. 2013: Sunday Lifestyle. http://lifestyle.inquirer.net/120769/chito-sobrepena-why-giving-back-to-society-has-been-his-lifes-work#ixzz2cN5hq500 (accessed on August 20, 2013)
Elmenzo, Marlene H. “The Power of Communication.” Newsbreak 13 Feb. 2006: 34. Print
Icasiano, Aurelio “The Power of Empowerment” Metro Society Nov. 2012: Print
Sobrepeña, Aniceto M. “A CESO Remembers: Serving Government with President Cory.” Public Manager (Official Magazine of the Career Executive Service) 2009: 13–14. Print
Sobrepeña, Aniceto M. “In Great Company: CESDP Days of Remembrance.” Public Manager (Official Magazine of the Career Executive Service) Dec. 2008: 4–5. Print
Sobrepeña, Aniceto M. “Response to an Excellent God” The Windhover (The Philippine Jesuit Magazine) 3rd Quarter 2004: 14–15. Print
Filipino business executives
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
People from Nueva Ecija
Cabinet Secretaries of the Philippines
Heads of the Presidential Management Staff of the Philippines
Corazon Aquino administration cabinet members
Living people
1953 births
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Gyōda, Saitama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Chichibu Railway.
Lines
Higashi-Gyōda Station is served by the Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 7.3 km from Hanyū.
Station layout
This station consists of a single side platform, serving a single bi-directional track.
Adjacent stations
History
Higashi-Gyōda Station opened on 20 November 1932.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 2388 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Saitama Prefectural Shinshukan Senior High School
References
External links
Higashi-Gyōda Station timetable
Higashi-Gyōda Station information (Saitama Prefecture)
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1932
Railway stations in Saitama Prefecture
Gyōda
Centrometopia atrisparsella is a species of snout moth. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887 and is known from Turkmenistan.
The wingspan is about 23 mm.
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitinae
South Carolina Highway 288 (SC 288) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Pumpkintown and Slater-Marietta.
Route description
SC 288 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 178 (US 178; Moorefield Memorial Highway) east-northeast of Sunset within Pickens County. It travels to the east-northeast and crosses the Oolenoy River and Mill Creek. Farther to the east is a crossing of Carrick Creek just before entering Pumpkintown. There, it intersects SC 8 (Pumpkintown Highway). Just to the east of town is a crossing of Weaver Creek. Then, the highway crosses over Gowens Creek and curves to the east just before going over the South Saluda River. This river marks the Greenville County. Just before it enters Slater-Marietta, it crosses the Middle Saluda River. Very shortly after entering town, it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with US 276 (Geer Highway). This intersection is just to the east of Slater Marietta Elementary School and Jimi Turner Park.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 288 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
288
Transportation in Pickens County, South Carolina
Transportation in Greenville County, South Carolina
Ryszard Grzegorczyk (20 September 1939 – 5 November 2021) was a Polish footballer who played as a midfielder. They made 23 appearances for the Poland national team, scoring two goals.
They died on 5 November 2021.
References
External links
1939 births
2021 deaths
Sportspeople from Bytom
Polish footballers
Association football midfielders
Poland international footballers
Polonia Bytom players
RC Lens players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Olympic footballers of Poland
Footballers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Polish expatriate footballers
Polish expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Butchers Hill is a neighborhood in Southeast Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is north of Fells Point, east of Washington Hill, and northwest of Patterson Park. It is south of Fayette Street, west of Patterson Park Avenue, north of Pratt Street, and east of Washington Street. It is in the 21231 zip code.
As its name suggests, Butchers Hill was once home to butchers and poultry preparers, many who were German American and Jewish American. It was a village prior to the Civil War. Although today it is considered to be less affluent than Fells Point, it was once the more prosperous community of the two. This is reflected in the larger size of the rowhouses. Butchers Hill is in proximity to more gentrified sections of Fells Point, the draw of Patterson Park, and the employment center on Johns Hopkins Hospital. Many artists reside in the neighborhood. A portion of it is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Many of the homes in this area have recently seen extensive renovations and urban development, and as a result, the neighborhood is increasingly popular among young professionals. Butchers Hill is a popular residence for students, residents, and staff at the nearby Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and Johns Hopkins Hospital, and is one of the neighborhoods eligible for the Johns Hopkins "Live Near Your Work" grant incentive program toward down payments for full-time employees to purchase a home in the neighborhood.
Laura Lippman's novel Butchers Hill tells the story of a private investigator working in this part of Baltimore.
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,967 people living in the neighborhood. The racial makeup of Butchers Hill was 51.9% White, 25.4% African American, 3.3% Native American, 2.6% Asian, 3.4% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.7% of the population. 43.6% of occupied housing units were owner-occupied. 24.6% of housing units were vacant. Butchers Hill is a popular neighborhood for students from the nearby Johns Hopkins medical campus.
74.6% of the population were employed, 2.3% were unemployed, and 23.1% were not in the labor force. The median household income was $36,636. About 23.9% of families and 23.5% of the population were below the poverty line.
Butchers Hill is home to many Irish-Americans, Polish-Americans, and Ukrainian-Americans, as well as African-Americans, Lumbee Native Americans, and a growing Hispanic and Latino population.
References
External links
"These East Baltimore Neighborhoods are Moving Toward a Resurgence," D. C. Culbertson, Baltimore Sun
Butchers Hill Association
Butchers Hill Historic District
Demographics from Neighborhood Indicators Alliance
, including photo from 2004, at Maryland Historical Trust
Boundary Map of the Butchers Hill Historic District, Baltimore City
Baltimore National Heritage Area
German-American culture in Baltimore
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Baltimore
Historic districts in Baltimore
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Historic Jewish communities in the United States
Houses in Baltimore
Jews and Judaism in Baltimore
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
Victorian architecture in Maryland
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Southeast Baltimore
The 2016–17 North Dakota Fighting Hawks Men's Basketball team represented the University of North Dakota during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Fighting Hawks, led by 11th-year head coach Brian Jones, played their home games at the Betty Engelstad Sioux Center in Grand Forks, North Dakota as members of the Big Sky Conference. They finished the season 22–10, 14–4 in Big Sky play to win the Big Sky regular season championship. In the Big Sky Tournament, they defeated Portland State, Idaho, and Weber State to win the tournament championship. As a result, they received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. As a No. 15 seed in the West region, they lost to No. 2-seeded and No. 4-ranked Arizona in the First Round.
Previous season
The Fighting Hawks finished the 2015–16 season 17–16, 10–8 in Big Sky play to finish in a tie for fifth place. They defeated Southern Utah and Idaho State to advance to the semifinals of the Big Sky Tournament where they lost to Weber State. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they lost in the First Round to UC Irvine.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2016 recruiting class
2017 incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Sky regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Sky Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA tournament
References
North Dakota Fighting Hawks men's basketball seasons
North Dakota
North Dakota
Fight
Fight
Matthias Megyeri (born 1973 in Stuttgart, West Germany,) is an artist and designer of security products, dubbed "placebo products" that mix cuteness with defensive design.
Their work has been shown at Museum of Modern Art in New York.
References
External links
http://www.sweetdreamssecurity.com/
http://www.matthiasmegyeri.net
1973 births
Living people
German designers
Mjuken or Nuken is a hill on the island of Stora Kalsøy in the municipality of Austevoll in Vestland county, Norway. The tall hill sits in a rocky and mountainous area of the island and this particular peak is the highest point on the island. The village of Bakkasund lies south of the hill.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
Austevoll
Mountains of Vestland
Loktev (, from локоть meaning elbow) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart (in Slavic countries) is Lokteva. It may refer to:
Aleksei Loktev (1939–2006), Russian actor
Denis Loktev (born 2000), Israeli swimmer
Julia Loktev (born 1969), Russian-American film director and video artist
Konstantin Loktev (1933–1996), Russian ice hockey player
Russian-language surnames
13 de junio de 2018-9 de julio de 2020
José Valencia Amores (born 18 February 1961) is an Ecuadorian diplomat and lawyer, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ecuador between 2019 and 2020, designated by president Lenín Moreno. Currently, they serve as representative of Ecuador to the World Trade Organization.
They studied law at the Catholic University of Ecuador.
References
Foreign ministers of Ecuador
Living people
1961 births
Rumley is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Rumley was founded in 1837. A post office called Rumley was established in 1839, and remained in operation until 1842.
References
Online Links
Barnett Cemetery Find a grave
Redman Cemetery Find a grave
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
"My World Fell Down" is a song written by John Carter and Geoff Stephens, and first recorded by the English pop rock band the Ivy League, on Pye Records, in 1966. The song was covered a year later by the American sunshine pop group Sagittarius, whose version charted on the Billboard Hot 100. Sagittarius's version of the composition has remained highly sought after among record collectors for its close resemblance to the Pet Sounds-era Beach Boys.
Background
The Ivy League, a Beach Boys-inspired band led by John Carter, recorded "My World Fell Down" in 1966, and scored a minor hit in the UK. In its original form, the song is reminiscent of the Turtles' hit tune "Happy Together", with a minor-key string-led verse, and baroque instrumental breaks. Upon hearing the band's composition, record producer Gary Usher was convinced that they could rearrange "My World Fell Down" into a major commercial success, with a duo they were then-currently producing, Chad & Jeremy. However, the two refused to record another musical artist's song, leaving Usher without a willing participant to record "My World Fell Down". Undeterred, Usher recruited Los Angeles session musicians, along with longtime friends Glen Campbell and Bruce Johnston, and songwriter Curt Boettcher to record the song under the moniker Sagittarius.
Usher's reworking of the composition was arranged in the same vein as the Ivy League's original recording; however, Usher also adapted their influences from producing the Beach Boys into the song. The quasi-classical pop keyboards and string arrangements draw comparisons from the group's albums Pet Sounds and Smile, particularly the song "Good Vibrations". Campbell's lead vocals on the melancholy verses likewise are comparable to Brian Wilson's singing, and the vocal harmonies are much like those heard at the end of the instrumental break on the Beach Boys' tune. Music historian Richie Unterberger, speaking about "My World Fell Down"'s the most unusual quality, says "The instrumental break is downright weird for a 1967 pop record, with an extended wordless vocal chorus eventually stopping and giving way to a way-extended musique concrète break of carnival and crowd noises, as if the world is mocking the narrator's heartbreak". Usher, after "My World Fell Down" was released, concluded that this collage of sounds was too experimental to have a serious opportunity to be Top 40 hit.
In June 1967, the song was released as the A-side to Sagittarius's debut single, and reached number 70 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 48 in Canada. When "My World Fell Down" was issued on the band's first album, Present Tense, the song lacked the same artistic statement that the musique concrète section delivered to the composition as it was removed from it altogether. Due to the obvious influences taken from Wilson's work on Pet Sounds and Smile, "My World Fell Down" is regularly described as "the best single the Beach Boys never made", and one of Usher's most accomplished masterpieces. In 1972, the song was recognized on the groundbreaking compilation album Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era, 1965–1968.
References
1966 songs
Songs written by Geoff Stephens
Songs written by John Carter (musician)
Pye Records singles
1966 singles
Song recordings produced by Gary Usher
Song recordings with Wall of Sound arrangements
Columbia Records singles
1967 singles
Kirill Vikentievich Lemokh, also known as Carl Johann Lemoch (Russian: Кирилл Викентьевич Лемох: 1841–1910) was a Russian genre painter and member of the Imperial Academy of Arts.
Biography
Their father was a music teacher from Germany. From 1851 to 1856, they studied at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture under . In 1858, they entered the Imperial Academy of Arts, where they studied history painting with Pyotr Basin and Alexey Tarasovich Markov.
Five years later, in 1863, they participated in what came to be known as the "Revolt of the Fourteen", a protest by those who preferred the Realistic style over the Classical style being promoted by the academy. As a result, they withdrew from the academy with the degree of Artist Second-Class. They joined the Artel of Artists, led by Ivan Kramskoi. Five years later, they entered an academy competition and became an Artist First-Class. From that point on, they earned their living by giving drawing lesson to aristocratic families and built an art studio in Khovrino, where they spent their summers painting.
In 1870, they joined with Grigoriy Myasoyedov to create the "Peredvizhniki" (Association of Traveling Art Exhibitions). They were briefly expelled from the Association for failing to provide work on time, but rejoined in 1879, eventually becoming a Board member and Treasurer.
While still a member of the Artel, they accepted an invitation to give private drawing lessons to the children of future Tsar Alexander III and continued to do so for many years. Olga Alkexandrovna turned out to be their best student there, and retained an interest in art for the rest of their life. They became a member of the academy in 1893, received a life pension and became a curator for the art collection at the Russian Museum until their retirement in 1909.
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
N. M. Bykovsky, "Kirill Vikentevich Lemokh. (In Memory of a Long Friendship), Московский еженедельник (Journal), Moscow 1910, #14, pgs.23-30
Y. D. Minchenkov, Воспоминания о передвижниках (Memories of the Itinerant), fifth edition, Saint Petersburg, Художник РСФСР, 1964, pgs.68-76
External links
Kirill (Karl) Lemokh portal @ "Воскресный день" (Sunday Afternoon)
Karl Lemokh @ "Энциклопедии живописи и графики Art-каталог" (Encyclopedia of Painting and Graphics Art Directory)
1841 births
1910 deaths
Russian genre painters
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian painters
Russian male painters
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian male artists
Capo FC, also known as Capistrano FC is an American soccer club based in San Juan Capistrano, California, that plays in the Southwest Region of NISA Nation in the 4th tier of the US soccer pyramid.
History
Capo FC was founded in 2006 with the mission of developing the youth soccer in the southern part of Orange County, California, and after some successful seasons into the United Premier Soccer League and in the SoCal Premier League, as part of the SWPL, on November 30th 2021 the club announced that they would join 4th tier league, NISA Nation.
References
Soccer clubs in California
Association football clubs established in 2006
Thomas Carl Peterson is an American climatologist and meteorologist.  They are the president of the World Meteorological Organization's Commission for Climatology, and the former chief scientist at the National Climatic Data Center in Asheville, North Carolina, from which they retired in July 2015. They were a lead author of the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report, and was the co-editor-in-chief and co-chair of the United States Global Change Research Program's 2009 report "Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States". In 2004, they were named one of the top 1% most cited researchers in the field of geoscience by the Essential Science Indicators.
References
Living people
American climatologists
Colorado State University alumni
World Meteorological Organization people
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration personnel
American officials of the United Nations
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fidel Fita Colomé or, in Catalan, Fidel Fita i Colomer (31 December 1835, Arenys de Mar - 13 January 1918, Madrid) was a Spanish-Catalonian archaeologist, philologist, and historian.
Biography
Born to a newly bourgeois family, at the age of ten they were sent to study grammar in Barcelona. In 1850, at the age of fifteen, they became a Jesuit. After studying at several of the order's other institutions, including one in Nivelles, Belgium, where they studied rhetoric, they went to Loyola in 1853, to become a Professor of the humanities and Greek.
During the Revolution of 1854, they went into exile in France, returning in 1857 to take up a post as Professor of Latin and French at the Colegio de Carrión de los Condes in Palencia. From 1860 to 1866, they lived in León, where they taught theology and began their investigations into archaeology, history, and epigraphy. This led to theirs being named Vice-President of the "Comisión de Monumentos de León", in which position they met the architect, Eduardo Saavedra, with whom they would maintain a lifelong personal and professional friendship. During those years, they made a special effort to identify signs of Roman presence in the area.
In 1866, their order transferred them back to Catalonia. Then, two years later, they were forced into exile again, due to the "Glorious Revolution". Once more, they went to France, not returning until 1870 and, after living in several places, settling in Bañolas. This time, they focused on finding and interpreting Hebrew inscriptions in Girona; maintaining a correspondence with the archaeologist, , who was studying the mysterious sculptures that had been found near Cerro de los Santos.
They were named an Academician at the Real Academia de la Historia in 1877; settling in Madrid, where they lived for over thirty years. They would eventually publish over 700 articles in the Academia's Bulletin, a third of which deal with epigraphy. Most of the world's experts on that subject were their friends or acquaintances; notably Emil Hübner, who was preparing a supplement to the Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum. Fita was one of their primary informants on the project.
In 1912, following the death of Marcelino Menéndez Pelayo, they were named Director of the Academia; a position they held until their death.
Sources
Juan Manuel Abascal Palazón, Fidel Fita (1835-1918): su legado documental en la Real Academia de la Historia, Real Academia de la Historia, 1999 (Google Books)
José Ferrándiz, Sotanas conocidas. Semblanzas de eclesiásticos españoles contemporáneos bajo cualquier concepto notables. Madrid: Tipografía de la Sociedad de Publicaciones Históricas, 1913.
External links
Brief biography @ the Real Academia de la Historia
Biography by H. Gimeno Pascual and M. J. Albarrán Martínez @ Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum II
1835 births
1918 deaths
19th-century Spanish archaeologists
Spanish philologists
20th-century Spanish archaeologists
Spanish Jesuits
People from Maresme
Královka Arena or Královka sports Hall (Czech: Sportovní hala Královka) is multipurpose hall located in Prague 7 district Letná, near to the Generali Arena. Sports and cultural events are held there. It has capacity for maximum 2500 people, 1300 without additional tribune. It can host sports as basketball, badminton or floorball. In this complex, training ground with capacity of 200 people is included.
Since 2014, it is home to women basketball team USK Praha and VŠ Praha. Basketball Nymburk also plays its major international matches in this arena.
History
This arena in Pod Královskou oborou street was built in 1965, by the Czech architect Cyril Mandel. The first reconstruction started in 1985 and ended five years later. Next reconstruction took place in 2004. In 2010, Prague bought this arena for 116 million Czech crowns. Since 2011, the hall is rented by company Sportovní areál Praha. Between 2011 and 2014, another reconstruction took place, at a cost of 240 million Czech crowns.
Events
2015 EuroLeague Women final
EuroBasket Women 2017 (one of the three locations, others were O2 Arena Prague and Zimní stadion Hradec Králové, Group Phase and Qualification for quarter-finals were held here)
External links
Official website (in Czech)
Sports venues completed in 1965
Sports venues in Prague
Basketball venues in the Czech Republic
Indoor arenas in the Czech Republic
The Jones Law (, . 416, also known as the Jones Act, the Philippine Autonomy Act, and the Act of Congress of August 29, 1916) was an Organic Act passed by the United States Congress. The law replaced the Philippine Organic Act of 1902 and acted as a constitution of the Philippines from its enactment until 1934, when the Tydings–McDuffie Act was passed (which in turn led eventually to the Commonwealth of the Philippines and to independence from the United States). The Jones Law created the first fully elected Philippine legislature.
The law was enacted by the 64th United States Congress on August 29, 1916, and contained the first formal and official declaration of the United States federal government's commitment to grant independence to the Philippines. It was a framework for a "more autonomous government", with certain privileges reserved to the United States to protect its sovereign rights and interests, in preparation for the grant of independence by the United States. The law provides that the grant of independence would come only "as soon as a stable government can be established", which was to be determined by the United States Government itself.
The law also changed the Philippine Legislature into the Philippines' first fully elected body and therefore made it more autonomous of the U.S. government. The 1902 Philippine Organic Act provided for an elected lower house (the Philippine Assembly), while the upper house (the Philippine Commission) was appointed. The Jones Law provided for both houses to be elected and changed the name of the Philippine Assembly to the House of Representatives. The executive branch continued to be headed by an appointed governor general of the Philippines, always an American.
Elections were held on October 3, 1916 for the newly created Philippine Senate. Elections to the Philippine Assembly had already been held on June 6, 1916, and those elected in that election were made members of the House of Representatives by the law.
Development of the bill
The ultimate goal for the Philippines was independence. U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt said as early as 1901, "We hope to do for them what has never been done for any people of the tropics—to make them fit for self-government after the fashion of really free nations." The American public tended to view America's presence in the Philippines as unremunerative and expensive, so Roosevelt had concluded by 1907, "We shall have to be prepared for giving the islands independence of a more or less complete type much sooner than I think advisable."
Woodrow Wilson said, during the 1912 election campaign which made them U.S. President, "The Philippines are at present our frontier but I hope we presently are to deprive ourselves of that frontier." Even before the 1912 elections, U.S. House Committee on Insular Affairs Chairman William Atkinson Jones attempted to launch a bill that would set a fixed date for Philippine independence. Manuel L. Quezon was one of the Philippines' two resident commissioners to the U.S. House of Representatives. Jones delayed launching their bill, so Quezon drafted the first of two "Jones Bills". They drafted a second Jones Bill in early 1914 after the election of Wilson as U.S. president and their appointment of Francis Burton Harrison as president of the Philippine Commission and governor general of the Philippines.
Wilson had informed Quezon of their hostility to any fixed timetable for independence, and Quezon believed that the draft bill contained enough flexibility to suit Wilson.
Passage into law
The bill passed the House of Representatives in October 1913 and went to the Senate, backed by Harrison, U.S. Secretary of War Lindley Garrison, and President Wilson. A final version of the bill was signed in to U.S. law by President Wilson on August 29, 1916, after amendment by the Senate and further changes in a congressional conference committee.
Terms
Among the provisions of the law was the creation of an all-Filipino legislature. It created the Philippine Senate to replace the Philippine Commission, which had served as the upper chamber of the legislature.
See also
Hare–Hawes–Cutting Act
Commonwealth of the Philippines
Jones–Shafroth Act (Puerto Rico)
References
Bibliography
, , .
, , .
External links
1916 in American law
History of the Philippines (1898–1946)
Constitutions of the Philippines
Filipino-American history
Government of the Philippines
United States federal territory and statehood legislation
The Samsung Galaxy A31 is a mid-range Android smartphone developed by Samsung Electronics as part of their 2020 A-series smartphone lineup. It was announced on March 24, 2020, and first released on April 27, 2020, as the successor to the Galaxy A30 and A30s. The phone comes preinstalled with Android 10 and Samsung's custom One UI 2.1 software overlay.The display User Interface from Samsung Galaxy A31 is Infinity-U.
Specifications
Hardware
The Samsung Galaxy A31 is a plastic build with a glass front.
The phone's 6.4-inch, FHD Super AMOLED panel has a screen-to-body ratio of 84.9% and an aspect ratio of 20:9 to match that of other Samsung phones sold in 2020. An optical, under-display fingerprint reader replaces the rear-mounted one seen on the previous A30 models.
The new L-shaped rear camera system (similar to the ones seen on newer Samsung phones) utilizes four cameras, a 48 MP main sensor with an f/2.0 aperture, an 8 MP ultra-wide lens with a 123° field of view and a 5 MP macro and depth camera, both with an f/2.4 aperture. A U-shaped screen cut-out houses a single 20 MP selfie camera lens. Both front and back camera systems are capable of recording at a maximum of 1080p-at-30fps videos.
A large 5000 mAh battery with fast charging at 15 watts is also supported.
Customers, depending on the region, can choose from a range of new colour selections, such like Prism Crush Black, Prism Crush Blue, Prism Crush Red and Prism Crush White.
Software
The phone comes with Android 10 and Samsung's custom One UI 2.1 software overlay. Depending on the region, it can support contactless NFC payments through Samsung Pay and other various payment apps that can be installed separately.
Software experience is comparable to that of other 2020 Samsung devices, and it boasts many of the software perks costlier Samsung devices boast, such as Edge Screen and Edge Lighting.
As with most other Samsung phones released during 2020, the Microsoft-Samsung partnership Link to Windows option which comes as standard, can be accessed in the Android notification panel.
Banking on Samsung's latest software update schedule, the phone should be eligible for two major Android upgrades.
The A31 has got the Android 11 update with One UI 3.1 at May, but it may vary at other regions around the world.
In August 2021, Samsung gradually rolled out a major security update to the A31.
Reception
The Samsung Galaxy A31 received mixed reviews with most reviewers acclaiming the brilliant screen, excellent battery life, software and overall build quality. They critiqued the performance relative to the phone's main competition, the phone's poor camera quality, and the lack of a night mode and various other camera features. Reviewers were also reluctant to recommend the device considering that even in Samsung's own mid-range A-series one could get a better overall package by spending just a little more money.
References
External links
Official website
Android (operating system) devices
Smartphones
Samsung Galaxy
Samsung mobile phones
Mobile phones introduced in 2020
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Marcos Juan Bruno "Mark" Oppen Cojuangco (born October 6, 1957), is a Filipino politician and business person.  They are a former Representative of 5th District of Pangasinan, in the Philippines, they also served as the vice-chairperson of Committee on Appropriations.
House Bill 04631 and English Wikipedia
Cojuangco is the author of the controversial House Bill 04631 that mandates the immediate re-commissioning and commercial operation of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant, appropriating funds therefor, and for other purposes. Their presentation of the bill at the Congressional hearing on February 2, 2009 came under scrutiny from the opposition for citing English Wikipedia articles about nuclear plants in other countries and quotes from non-experts to argue for the re-commissioning of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant.
Personal life
Cojuangco is the eldest son of Eduardo Cojuangco, Jr. and Soledad "Gretchen" Oppen.
 They are married to Ma. Carmen "Kimi" Shulze. The couple have three children: Danielle, Paola and Eduardo III.
Political career
From 2001 to 2010, Cojuangco served as the Representative of the 5th District of Pangasinan. They focused on infrastructure projects, believing that quality and not just the quantity of projects, are the catalyst for economic development.
Their accomplishments include: the lobbying for and successful monetization and continuous release of the 12 years overdue tobacco tax share of Burley tobacco producing areas throughout the country amounting to 6.5Billion pesos, initially. Innovations such as: precast concrete arch bridges of 12m spans, concrete tower silos, people's donation for road right of way of widened barangay roads, advanced drilling technology which resulted in truly potable barangay water systems, prepaid water dispensing, multi-level school buildings, surface irrigation systems, travelling irrigator systems, radial irrigation gates, the use of digital terrain models in flood basin drainage design and implementation, among others. Not even public restrooms were spared of innovation, as 5-star facilities now exist in the town plazas of their district, being most welcome by balikbayans, returning OFWs and kamag-anaks from abroad as well as their guests.
Their last projects include the widening and rehabilitation of the Manila North Road and the initiation of the Western Urdaneta Bypass Road which they believe will make Urdaneta the premiere city of Pangasinan.
Even after their nine years as Congressman, Cojuangco continues to work for the betterment of the 5th District of Pangasinan.  They are currently working on the completion of the establishment of a regional Tropical Dairy Industry, which they started in 2004. The first module, located in the barangay of Maraboc in Laoac, Pangasinan is already nearing completion. With this module alone, the 5th District of Pangasinan Dairy and Minor Livestock Cooperative already produces an average of 1,500 liters of fresh milk a day, with 5,000 liters/day as an ultimate goal. This has led to the filing of House Bill 4441 by their wife Rep. Kimi S. Cojuangco, who was the former Mayor of Sison and now incumbent representative of the 5th District of Pangasinan, which is aimed at protecting the local Dairy Industry.
They ran as Governor of Pangasinan in 2016, as they supported the candidacy of Vice President Jejomar Binay and Sen. Bongbong Marcos as President and Vice President respectively.
In 2022, they successfully sought a comeback to the Congress, this time for the 2nd District of Pangasinan. They defeated incumbent representative Jumel Anthony Espino.
References
|-
1957 births
Living people
People from Pangasinan
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Pangasinan
Cojuangco family
Filipino people of German descent
Filipino people of Irish descent
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Filipino politicians of Chinese descent
Irará is a city in Bahia, Brazil. The municipality is the hometown of former professional footballer Dida, of A.C. Milan and Brazil national football team fame and musician Tom Zé.
Until the 17th century, the region was inhabited by the
Irará was settled by the Paiaiá, a subgroup of the Quiriris peoples. The land was annexed by the Portuguese in the 16th century, and became part of the vast land holdings of Garcia d'Ávila (1528-1609) in the Captaincy of Bahia. The Jesuits explored the area from the north via their settlement in present-day Água Fria. Bandeirantes entered the city to both hunt for precious stones in the Serra de Irará and to enslave indigenous people. Two structures remain from the bandeirantes, a church in the Vila de Bento Simões and a chapel in Caroba.
In mid-1717, the first explorations of the lands in the center of the current municipality were registered, where
Antônio Homem da Fonseca Correia was an early permanent Portuguese settler to the area. They built a chapel dedicated to Our Lady of the Conception in 1717, and left the land to their son. The farmhouse of the family gave rise to the village of Irará, which was also a site of a Paiaiá settlement.
References
Municipalities in Bahia
Hippomanes (greek ἱππομανές) are brownish or olive-greenish, elastic formations that arise physiologically in mares during pregnancy.
Formation
The up to fist-sized hippomanes are either attached to the allantois membrane or swim freely in the allantoic fluid. Occasionally such formations also occur in ruminants (cows, sheep, goat) and pigs. Similar formations have also been found in sea-cow, lemur and hippopotamus, but the objects found in the amnion and allantois are distinguishable. This has caused the confusion over the word "hippomanes" in scientific literature, with propositions to use it only for objects found in Equidae pregnancies.
Hippomanes arise from unconsumed and thickened nutrient fluid (histiotrophe) of the placenta, in concentric layers around the centre of allantoic calculi of tissue debris. The chemical composition is different to amniotic fluid, which along with the insolubility suggess that it's not a result of asimple precipitation process, but a denatured mucoprotein complex.
Hippomanes first appears in pregnant horses and zebras ca. 85 days from conception, earlier there being small white flecks of tissue debris instead. The changes in hippomanes color correspond to changes in color of allantoic fluid. They are often surrounded by shed cells.
History
Hippomanes was first named and described in Ancient Greece, with the name literally meaning "horse madness". It was used as an aphrodisiac in Ancient period. One of the first written mentions is Aristotle describing the hippomanes circa 350BC. According to Pliny the Elder, the Hippomanes, which are said to be found as tough bodies on the forehead of the newborn fill, are eaten by the mare immediately after birth. If the mare was prevented from doing so, they would feel no affection for the foal and refuse to feed it, which is why it was believed that the power of love was concentrated in the hippomanes.
The vulval discharge from the mare in oestrus was also referred to as Hippomanes in antiquity and was used equally for love potions and love spells.
In a Greek mythology tale, Glaucus, the son of Sisyphus, is devoured by their horses at the funeral games for Pelias, the father of Acastus, during the chariot race, because Aphrodite had driven them wild with Hippomanes.
Later hippomanes has been described and used by homeopaths.
A hippomane is commonly referred to among horsemen as 'foal's bread'. Its appearance at the birth of a foal (sometimes in its mouth) is regarded as a symbol of good luck. When dried, a 'foal's bread' takes the shape of a tough, leathery heart. See Foal's Bread.
References
Horse anatomy
McCarthy Tétrault LLP is a leading Canadian law firm that delivers integrated business law, litigation services, tax law, real property law, labour and employment law nationally and globally through offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, Montréal, Québec City, London (UK), as well as New York City. McCarthy Tétrault LLP is Seven Sisters (law firms). Among the Seven Sisters, the reigning top players are McCarthy Tetrault LLP, Stikeman Elliott LLP, Osler Hoskin & Harcourt LLP and Blake Cassels & Graydon LLP.
McCarthy Tétrault is the only law firm listed in the Report on Business Top 25 Best B2B Brands by The Globe and Mail in 2021, and it has the second strongest law firm brand in Canada according to Thomson Reuters' Regional Law Firm Brand Indexes 2021.
The firm represents Canadian and international clients, including major public institutions, financial services organizations, mining companies, manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies and other corporations.
McCarthy Tétrault's London office specializes in assisting clients with their transatlantic transactions, and is staffed with both English and Canadian-qualified lawyers. A charter member of the Canada-UK Chamber of Commerce, it provides services in Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
History
The firm had its origin in the formation of Boulton & McCarthy in Barrie, Ontario, of which Dalton McCarthy was a co-founder. It would later become McCarthy & McCarthy upon the admission of their son Leighton McCarthy.
McCarthy Tétrault was created through the merger McCarthy & McCarthy of Toronto, Clarkson Tétrault of Montreal, Shrum Liddle & Hebenton of Vancouver, and Black & Company of Calgary.
This merger was initially denied by the Law Society of Alberta, which enacted rules designed to stop it. The rules prohibited members from entering into a partnership with anyone who was not a resident of Alberta, and prohibited members from being partners of more than one firm. This rule was challenged as being contrary to the mobility rights protected by the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
In the resulting court case, Black v. Law Society of Alberta, the Supreme Court of Canada struck down the rules. The subsequent merger made McCarthy Tétrault Canada's first national law firm.
Notable alumni
Dalton McCarthy
Salter Hayden
John J. Robinette
Ian Binnie
Hubert Lacroix
John Manley
Judith Woods
Marc-André Blanchard
Maxime Bernier
Jean Charest
References
External links
Black v. Law Society of Alberta
Law firms of Canada
Law firms established in 1855
1855 establishments in Canada
Bickell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bryan Bickell (born 1986), Canadian professional ice hockey player currently under contract for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL)
Frederick Bickell Guthrie (1861–1927), Australian agricultural chemist and a president of the Royal Society of New South Wales
Gustav Bickell (1838–1906), German orientalist
Jack Bickell (1884–1951), Canadian business person, philanthropist, and sports team owner
See also
J. P. Bickell Memorial Award, named after the late Toronto business person and hockey executive J. P. Bickell
Elder James Olson (March 9, 1909 – July 25, 1992) was an American poet, teacher and literary critic.
They were born in Chicago, Illinois and attended Carl Schurz High School.
As an undergraduate at the University of Chicago, they published a volume of poetry. Thereafter, they published multiple volumes of poetry and literary criticism during their career, for which they received multiple awards. After graduating with a BA in 1934, they were awarded an MA from the University of Chicago in 1935. The same year they received a Friends of Literature award. In 1937, they married Ann Elisabeth Jones and the couple had two children (Ann and Elder). They were awarded a Ph.D. in 1938 from the University of Chicago with the dissertation, General Prosody, Rhythmis, Metric, Harmonic.
They became a founder and leading figure of the so-called "Chicago school" of literary criticism. In 1942, they started teaching at the University of Chicago as an assistant professor in the Department of English. They divorced Ann Elisabeth Jones then married Geraldine Louise Hays in 1948, and they had two children: Olivia and Shelley. In 1955 they were presented with the Poetry Society of America Chap-book Award. They gained full professorship in 1955 and was named Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus of English in 1973. During their career they traveled abroad several times as a visiting professor, but they remained a member of the university faculty until their retirement in 1977.
They died of pneumonia in Albuquerque, N. M. at the age of 83.
Bibliography
Last Poems (1984)
On Value Judgment in the Arts, and Other Essays (1976)
Olson's Penny Arcade (1975)
The Theory of Comedy (1968)
Aristotle's Poetics and English Literature (1965)
Collected Poems (1963)
American Lyric Poems (1963)
Tragedy and the Theory of Drama (1961)
Plays and Poems 1948–58 (1958)
The Scarecrow Christ (1954)
The Poetry of Dylan Thomas (1954)
The Cock of Heaven (1940)
Thing of Sorrow (1934)
Poetry, A Magazine of Verse (1928)
Awards
Among their many awards are the following:
Schurz Alumni Hall of Fame (1978)
Quantrell Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching (1966)
Poetry Society of America Chap-book Award (1955)
Eunice Tiertjens Award for Poetry (1953)
Friends of Literature Award (1935)
Guarantor's Award (1931)
Witter Bynner Award (1927)
References
External links
Guide to the Elder Olson. Papers 1939-1974 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
1909 births
1992 deaths
University of Chicago faculty
University of Chicago alumni
American literary critics
20th-century American poets
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Kawaguesaga Lake is a lake in Oneida County, Wisconsin near Minocqua. Its inflow and outflow is the Tomahawk River. It is contiguous with Minocqua Lake.
References
External links
Lakes of Oneida County, Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Oneida County, Wisconsin
Martine Murray (born 1965) is an Australian author and illustrator residing in Melbourne. They have written many critically acclaimed books, including How to Make a Bird, winner of the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards Young Adult award in 2004, and The Slightly True Story of Cedar B. Hartley, winner of the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards Children's Book award in 2006.
They have studied filmmaking at Prahran College, art at the Victorian College of the Arts and Movement & Dance at Melbourne University. They have formed a dance theatre company called Bird on a Wire, and recently received Arts Victoria funding to develop and perform a full-length work, as part of Melbourne's Next Wave Festival. They also teach yoga and has been involved in community circus.
Martine is enrolled in Professional Writing at RMIT and plans further study in screen writing and short story.
Martine is the subject of The Whitlams' 1997 song 'Melbourne'. They call their dog 'The Bear'.
Books
A Dog Called Bear, Random House Australia, 2000
A Moose Called Mouse, Allen & Unwin, 2001
How to Make a Bird, Allen & Unwin, 2003
Mannie and the Long Brave Day, with Sally Rippin, Allen & Unwin, 2009,
Molly and Pim and the Millions of Stars, Text Publishing, 2015,
Marsh and Me, Text Publishing, 2017,
The Last Summer of Ada Bloom, Text Publishing, 2018
Cedar B. Hartley series
The Slightly True Story of Cedar B. Hartley (Who Planned to Live an Unusual Life), Allen & Unwin, 2002
The Slightly Bruised Glory of Cedar B. Hartley (Who Can't Help Flying High and Falling in Deep), Allen & Unwin, 2005
Henrietta series
Henrietta: There's No One Better, Allen & Unwin, 2004
Henrietta the Great Go-Getter, Allen & Unwin, 2006
Henrietta Gets a Letter, Allen & Unwin, 2008
Henrietta and the Perfect Night, Allen & Unwin, 2017
Henrietta the Greatest Go-Getter, Allen & Unwin, 2017 (compilation)
Awards
The Slightly True Story of Cedar B. Hartley was shortlisted for the CBC's young readers category in 2003. How to Make a Bird'' won the Young Adult Book Award at the 2004 Queensland Premier's Literary Awards.
References
External links
Official website
- Interview of author
- Profile of author
- Review of one of their books
Review from The Guardian
Review from the Chicago Tribune
Review from the Cairns Post
Brief biographical article
Review in Home News Tribune
Australian children's writers
Living people
Writers from Melbourne
1951 births
Australian women children's writers
The Mancomunidad de Municipios Marquesado del Zenete or Mancomunidad del Marquesado del Zenete ("Mancomunidad of municipalities of the Marquisate of Cenete") is a voluntary grouping (mancomunidad) of municipalities, located in the province of Granada, autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. They take their name from the Marquisate of Cenete, the former seigneury () in this area, which in turn takes its name (historically spelled either Zenete or Cenete) from the Arabic sened, meaning the slope that constitutes one side of a mountain range. That refers to the north slope of the Sierra Nevada, where the municipalities are located.
The objective of the mancomunidad is to promote, stimulate, and rationalize the social and economic development of the municipalities of which it is constituted. It also constitutes a subcomarca within the Comarca of Guadix.
The mancomunidad consists of the following municipalities:
Albuñán
Aldeire
Alquife
La Calahorra
Cogollos de Guadix
Dólar
Ferreira
Huéneja
Jérez del Marquesado
Lanteira
The Marquisate of Cenete extends north from the ridge line of the Sierra Nevada. In the northeast it reaches to the ridge line of the Sierra de Baza; most of the mancomunidad is the wide valley of the Zalabí; immediately to its north is the municipality of Valle de Zalabí.
Notes
External links
Mancomunidad del Marquesado del Zenete, official site
Geography of the Province of Granada
Comarcas of Andalusia
Mancomunidad
Grenada Boys' Secondary School FC is a Grenadian football club from St. George's, Grenada that plays in the Grenada Premier Division. The club represents the Grenada Boys' Secondary School.
Honors
Grenada League: 2
2000, 2001
References
Grenada Boys Secondary School
Since assuming office in May 2019, Volodymyr Zelenskyy has made several international trips in their capacity as the president of Ukraine.
Summary
2019
2020
2021
2022
Future visits
Canceled visits
Gallery
References
External links
President of Ukraine, official website News - Current Events
President of Ukraine, official website Photo gallery - Foreign visits
Volodymyr Zelenskyy
21st century-related lists
2019 in international relations
State visits by Ukrainian leaders
Zelenskyy
Diplomatic visits by heads of state
First Aid Africa is humanitarian charity that works in rural parts of south eastern Africa to provide sustainable equipment and education in first aid. The charity explains that 'a small amount of medical knowledge and equipment' can make a difference. Volunteers and students receive some training before travelling to Africa to teach first aid and survival skills in settings such as local communities, schools, orphanages and villages.
History
The organisation was set up in 2008 at Heriot-Watt University by Sam Abrahams, originally as a student society. Later that year Abrahams was selected as one of three contenders for the Endsleigh Student of the Year award. It in 2010 the organisation was part of "The Big Training Project".
Abrahams sought volunteers from several UK universities, including: Robert Gordon University, Queen Margaret University, the University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh Napier University, Heriot Watt University, Stirling University, Birmingham City University, the University of Nottingham, and Brunel University.
First Aid Africa registered with the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator as a charity in 2014, but it has not filed any details relating to financial activity. It received Small Grants Funding from the Scottish Government in 2015 and 2016
It has run First Aid training in Malawi since 2009. It also operates in Tanzania, Kenya and Uganda. Each partner country has a member of full-time staff who are paid to carry out the vital training and support their communities in-between expeditions. In 2015 four volunteers from St. Andrew's First Aid were involved. St Andrew's First Aid have also donated personal protective equipment.
Abrahams described some of the work of First Aid Africa at a TedX event in Spain in 2012.
References
External links
2008 establishments in Scotland
First aid organizations
Health charities in Scotland
Charities based in Edinburgh
Organizations established in 2008
Heriot-Watt University
The Municipal Wards of Kohima are the nineteen wards comprising the capital city of Nagaland, Kohima. The municipality covers an area of about 20 km² with a population of 115,609. Each ward has its own council government and handles many of the functions that are handled by city governments in other jurisdictions.
List of municipal wards
See also
Administrative division
Urban area
References
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Rafael María de Labra y Cadrana ( September 7, 1840 – April 16, 1918) was a Spanish krausist educator, activist, lawyer, lecturer, Republican politician and author. They served two times as Rector of the Institución Libre de Enseñanza. A noted abolitionist, they were a key figure in the campaign for the abolition of slavery in Puerto Rico and Cuba.
Biography
Born in Havana (both 7 September 1840 and 1841 have been reported as birth date), son to Rafaela González Cadrana (a Cuban-Asturian) and Ramón María de Labra (a Liberal army officer from Asturias, defender of the 1812 Constitution who had been exiled during the Ominous Decade, destined to Cuba in 1836).
Rafael moved to Mainland Spain in 1849 with their family, establishing early in Madrid after briefly passing by Almería and Cádiz. A teenage Labra joined the Ateneo de Madrid as member on 15 November 1857. They were the founder (or editor) of a number of newspapers such as La Tribuna, El Correo de España or El Correo de Ultramar.
They took studies at the Central University of Madrid, where they became a disciple of , and ; they earned a licentiate degree in Philosophy and Letters in 1858, Administrative Law (1862) and Civil and Canon Law (1862).
Their "dangerous or condemnable ideas" on colonial policies prevented them from becoming a university professor. A member of the Spanish Abolitionist Society, Labra became its president in 1869.
They became a member of the Congress of Deputies after the 1871 election, in representation of the district of Infiesto (Asturias). They would earn again a seat as member of the Lower House in representation of Sabana Grande (Puerto Rico; 1872; 1874); Havana (1879) and Santa Clara (Cuba; 1885).
They were also a member of the Spanish Senate, elected in representation of the University of Havana and in representation of the Sociedad Económica de Amigos del País de León.
Labra's first tenure as president of the Institución Libre de Enseñanza (ILE) lasted from 1881 to 1882. They returned to the presidency of the ILE in 1885, remaining at the post until their death. They were elected to the presidency of the government board of the Ateneo de Madrid in February 1913, serving in that capacity until their death.
They died on 16 April 1918, in Madrid.
Views
Labra, who along their parliamentary history espoused autonomist stances vis-à-vis the Cuban question, remarked in 1898 that "he was not an advocate of the independence of our Antilles", always defending the compatibility of autonomy of the colonies and Spanish national integrity. A convinced Republican, they adhered to the Republican-Evolutionist line during the First Spanish Republic. According to the Count of Romanones, if Labra had reneged on their republican faith, they would have hold top offices in Spanish politics (of the Restoration), being reportedly asked several times to join the government.
Described as a "Revolutionary Liberal", they were a key campaigner for the abolition of slavery in Cuba and Puerto Rico. They were also a pacifist.
Adhered to Krausist social organicism, they defended the instruction and education of the people as a mean to bridge the gap between social classes and as vehicle for the formation of a strong public opinion, thus facilitating the participation of people in politics.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1840 births
1918 deaths
Spanish abolitionists
Spanish educators
19th-century Spanish lawyers
Spanish male writers
Spanish pacifists
Spanish republicans
Members of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Spanish Restoration
Members of the Senate of the Spanish Restoration
People from Havana
Presidents of the Ateneo de Madrid
Łążek Ordynacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 530.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Johan Henrik Dietrichs (2 June 1809–4 August 1886) was a Norwegian merchant and politician.
Dietrichs was a merchant in Tønsberg, where they also served as mayor and as a member of City Council. They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, 1854, 1857 and 1859, representing the constituency of Tønsberg (Tønsberg og Holmestrand in 1854).
References
1809 births
1886 deaths
Norwegian merchants
Members of the Storting
Vestfold politicians
Politicians from Tønsberg
19th-century Norwegian businesspeople
The Land Tax was a land value tax levied in England from 1692 to 1963, though such taxes predate the best-known 1692 Act. Taxes on land date back to the Norman Conquest and beyond, and the Land Tax introduced in 1689 was a natural successor to taxation acts in 1671 and 1689, but the 1692 act "has been regarded as a turning point in the history of English revenue collection. It was from this Act that contemporaries and historians alike date what has come to be known as the eighteenth century Land Tax". The land tax elements of the 1671, 1689 and 1692 Acts were limited to one year but the 1798 Act made the tax perpetual (until it was abolished in 1963).
A Land Tax had also applied in Scotland from 1667. After the Acts of Union 1707, the Scottish charge was included in subsequent Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain.
Subsidy Act 1670/71 (22 & 23 Car. 2 c. 3)
"An Act for granting a Subsidy to their Majestie for Supply of their Extraordinary Occasions" was enacted in the reign of Charles II. This act was described by Cecil Chandaman as "the product of the hardest and most constructive thinking by the Commons on the subject of direct taxation during the Restoration period". Beckett calls it "an attempt to resurrect and renovate the basic principle of the old subsidy which national wealth would be assessed at a pound rate", and thus the precursor of the 1689 and 1692 acts. Among the many revenue-raising elements, section IX specifies that "Lands, Mines, &c. to pay 12d. in the Pound of the yearly Value for one Year".
Land Tax Act 1688 (1 Will. & Mary c 20)
The 1689 Act aimed to capture income from all sources: business, employment and land (the main source of wealth in the seventeenth century and for many years afterwards). In a sense it was a general income tax, although income was not itself assessed. The State lacked the administrative machinery to measure actual income. Instead, income was calculated indirectly by reference to the deemed yield from the capital value of assets, to which was applied a rate of twelve pence (one shilling) in the pound (5%). However, despite this, it soon proved impracticable to collect much tax from business and employment, and the main yield of the tax came from the charges on land. Hence before long the tax came to be called the Land Tax, and the annual Land Tax Acts used this name. The business and employment charges lingered on, and were repealed by 1877.
The charge on land in 1689 depended on a valuation of all property throughout the country to find its open market rental value. That value was the income subject to the tax. Because, no doubt, of the difficulty and expense of valuation, the same values were used in subsequent years. As time passed the original valuation become increasingly unrealistic and, moreover, the relative value of property in different areas changed, especially as the Industrial Revolution got underway. Poor land in places that became major powerhouses increased hugely in value. Surprisingly, however, there was never another valuation in the entire 271-year history of Land Tax, even though it was re-enacted annually until 1798, when it was made permanent. Naturally there were many complaints over the years about the unfair incidence of the tax, but MPs for the lightly taxed areas resisted reform.
Land Tax Act 1692 (4 Will. & Mary c. 1)
The 1692 Act is introduced simply as "an Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four shillings in the pound for one year, for carrying on a vigorous war against France", but subsequently became known as one of the Land Tax Acts. (Four shillings in the pound equates to 20% of imputed income based on the value of the asset.)
Land Tax Act 1697 (8 & 9 Gul. III c. 6)
The 1697 Act, "'An Act for granting an Aid to Their Majesty as well by a Land Tax as by several Subsidies and other Duties payable for One Yeare", the third of the 17th century Land Tax Acts, is the first to say so explicitly in its title. Despite the Act levying a poll tax, income taxes and a variety of other taxes in addition to the land tax, the tax raised just 87% of the 1693 yield. In the 1697 Act, Land Tax became a quota tax. That is, after several years of falling yields, the government decided to abandon the attempt to measure assets. Instead, they raised a set sum from England and Wales based on the yield from the 1692 Act. That Act imposed a tax at four shillings in the pound and raised about £2 million (about £ million today). The quota Acts subsequently raised one of four sums depending on the budgetary requirements of the year: £2 million, £1.5 million, £1 million or £0.5 million using nominal rates of four shillings, three shillings, two shillings and one shillings. The rates were nominal because they were not used to calculate the annual amount. By the end of the eighteenth century, four shillings had become the usual rate.
The quota Acts divided the total for England and Wales between towns and counties using the 1689 valuations, which were never revised. Land Tax Acts thereafter listed each town and county by name together with the amount of quota due. The amounts due from each place only changed in proportion to the fixed sum for the whole country. For example, if the rate was four shillings a place might have to pay £10,000 out of the £2 million total. If the rate was two shillings, the total for the country became £1 million, and the place would have to pay £5,000. Unpaid local worthies were appointed by the Acts to run the tax, and they split the total for their area down to parishes and individual properties in proportion to the 1689 valuations. Usually the Commissioners carried the same valuation for each property forward from one year to the next. After the Acts of Union 1707, the annual Land Tax Act also included a fixed sum for Scotland.
Land Tax Perpetuation Act 1798 (Great Britain)
Nor was there a new valuation in 1798 when the Land Tax Perpetuation Act (38 Geo. III c.60) made the Land Tax permanent, although some MPs complained that the government was setting historic injustices in stone. Prime Minister William Pitt resisted a new valuation on the grounds that the 1692 figures had been used for over 100 years despite the annual opportunity for reevaluation when the tax was re-imposed. Parliament had had plenty of chances to reform, and had been content to continue the old system; so there was no reason to change now. In the midst of war, Pitt probably had no time to undertake a new valuation.
Land Tax was made permanent because Pitt devised a scheme to offer property owners the option to buy out ('redeem') future Land Tax by paying a lump sum. The government gave up its future stream of tax for an immediate capital payment. It was necessary for Land Tax to be converted from an annual tax into a permanent tax so there would be a permanent obligation that could be bought and sold. (Otherwise, property owners would be unlikely to pay a large lump sum to redeem a tax which might not be re-imposed in the future.) The scheme was a reasonable success. The annual Land Tax yield was then about £2 million (say £ million today) and about a quarter was redeemed by the end of 1800, producing just over £9 million (say £ million today) for the government. Over the next 50 years only an additional £400,000 of Land Tax was redeemed, despite attempts to make the option more attractive. After 1800, the value of Land Tax to the government continued to decline, partly because of redemption and partly because of inflation.
For most of the eighteenth century, the bulk of government revenue came from customs and excise—taxes on everyday goods such as salt, candles, leather, beer, soap and starch, as well as luxury goods like wine, brandy, silks, gold and silver thread, silver plate, horses, coaches and hats. In the middle of the eighteenth century, the Land Tax accounted for about 15% of the total tax revenue.
Until the mid-19th century the land tax commissioners were local property owners acting without remuneration. Latterly they also had responsibility for collecting the Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates. Periodically an act was passed listed all the names of the commissioners to be appointed, grouped by the area within which they had authority. The longest act enrolled in the Parliamentary Archives is the Land Tax Commissioners Act 1821 (1 & 2 Geo. 4 c. 123) which names about 65,000 land tax commissioners; it comprises 757 vellum membranes of sheepskin measuring . It has been displayed (rolled up) in exhibitions in the Westminster Royal Gallery in 2004, and the People's History Museum in 2021.
References
Notes
Citations
External links
(Audio-visual presentation, 45 minutes.)
Land taxation
Taxation in England
The Perm Tchaikovsky Opera and Ballet Theatre is an opera and ballet theatre in the city of Perm in Russia. It is one of the oldest theatres in the country, and it has remained a major musical centre during its history, in which many significant art events have taken place. Its ballet troupe is one of the most popular in Russia.
The theatre is often named "Tchaikovsky's House", and all stage works of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, who was born in the region, are presented in its repertoire: 10 operas and 3 ballets. Festivals of Tchaikovsky's works were notable cultural events of the country.
History
The theatre was inaugurated on 24 November 1870 with the premiere performance being Mikhail Glinka's A Life for the Tsar. The building was constructed from 1874 to 1879, after which the first performance took place in the winter of 1879/1880.
A new epoch in the history of the theatre started in 1896. It received the patronage of the city parliament, which decided to finance the theatre and the opera troupe from the city budget. A board of directors was elected for managing the theatre and inviting the artists. The first season after the end of the Civil War opened on 20 August 1921.
During World War II, when the Leningrad State Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet evacuated its personnel to the city, its performances were given in the Perm theatre. The artists from Leningrad had worked in Perm for three winters and two summers.
In 1956, the Perm theatre was renamed in honor of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and given Academy status in 1969.
Awards
The artists of the theatre have got the Golden Mask Award for many performances:
1996: Don Pasquale for Best Actor and Best Actress
1998: The Queen of Spades for Best Set Design
2004: Ballet Imperial for Best Ballet
2009: L'Orfeo for Best Set Design and Best Stage Direction
2010: One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich for Best Conductor's Work
2012: To See The Music Special Awards of Musical Theatre Jury
2013: Così fan tutte for Best Opera Director
2013: Medeamaterial for Best Opera Actress
Opera
Many opera premieres in Russia were given in this theatre. The theatre held the first festival in the 20th Century of the Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev's work, where it opened with a two-evening version of the opera War and Peace.
Ballet
There is a good tradition of collaboration with directors and choreographers from Germany, United States, Spain, and Switzerland on the Perm stage. Due to long-term projects between Russia and United States in collaboration with The George Balanchine Foundation and The Jerome Robbins Foundation, the repertoire of the theatre gets many masterpieces of the most distinguished choreographers of the 20th century. For many decades the theatre has been the launch site for many artists who are famous far away from Russia.
Events
Arabesque is a ballet competition headed by Vladimir Vasiliev, which has taken place in Perm since 1990. More than 650 young ballet artists from Russia, former republics of the USSR, Austria, Argentina, Bulgaria, Belarus, China, Croatia, Egypt, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, Mongolia, Slovenia, South Korea, Turkey, United States and Venezuela have participated in it.
International festivals known as the "Diaghilev Seasons: Perm-Petersburg-Paris" have become some of the most visible events in the cultural life of Russia. The festival has taken place in the theatre every two years since 2003.
Concert tours
The ballet troupe performs abroad under the name of The Tchaikovsky Ballet. Promotion of the opera troupe in the United States began with a performance of Mazeppa in Carnegie Hall in January 2008 using the name The Tchaikovsky Theatre.
Arts management
Teodor Currentzis – art director
Marc de Mauny – general manager
Galina Polushkina – executive director
Valery Platonov – general conductor
Alexey Miroshnichenko – general ballet master
Vitaly Polonsky – general choirmaster
Building
Auditorium: 972 seats
Orchestra pit: 50 seats
Stage: height 21.5 m, width 18 m, depth 14 m
Proscenium arch: height 8.5 m, width 12 m
Gallery
References
External links
The official site in English
The official blog (in Russian)
1870 establishments in the Russian Empire
Theatres in Perm, Russia
Opera houses in Russia
Russian ballet
Theatres completed in 1879
Music venues completed in 1879
Peter Luykx (born 6 May 1964 in Neerpelt) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1964 births
People from Neerpelt
21st-century Belgian politicians
The Lee (formally known as just Lee) is a village in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located in the Chiltern Hills, about 2 mi north east of Great Missenden and 3 mi south east of Wendover. The Lee is also the name of a civil parish within Chiltern District. Within the parish is the hamlet of Lee Clump, named for a small group of houses separates from the main village.
Early history
The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin and means 'woodland clearing'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 it was recorded as Lee and was, following the Norman Conquest, granted by William I to Odo, Bishop of Bayeux. Its early history is closely tied up with that of Weston Turville and a chapel-of-ease was established in this connection. It and also had associations with the Earl of Leicester who, in the early part of the 12th century, charged Ralph de Halton to oversee the lands. At the end of that century the Turville family took over this role. Soon after this Robert, Earl of Leicester granted the land to Missenden Abbey. After the dissolution of the abbey The Lee stayed in the possession of the Crown until 1547 when Edward VI granted a lease on the estate to John Russell, 1st Earl of Bedford.
The events that led to Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford initially leasing the lands at The Lee to William Plaistowe in 1635 and later selling the land to the Plaistowe family are obscure; either they were mortgaged to pay off debts or were sequestrated as a consequence of the Russells' involvement on the "wrong" side of the English Civil War. Thomas Plaistowe, who died in 1715, was the first of the family to be the outright owner of The Lee and their namesake in 1785 passed ownership to their daughter Elizabeth, who married Irishman Henry Deering. Deering bequeathed the estate in 1827 to their friend John Peter Gandy, the architect, who changed their name to that of their benefactor.
The Plaistowes once more owned the village for another 50 years.
Twentieth century
In 1900, Arthur Lasenby Liberty bought the manor from John Plaistowe and built a new manor house on the outskirts of the village. The old manor house became three attached properties which remain so today. Outside the new manor house they sited a figurehead depicting Admiral Richard Howe taken from HMS Howe. The figurehead was moved to outside Pipers where the family moved to in 1953. The ship, which had subsequently been renamed Impregnable, was scrapped by the Royal Navy in 1919, and purchased by Liberty in 1926. They used the timbers of this ship to refurbish, in Tudor revivalist style, the interior and frontage of their famed Liberty's department store in central London. The Liberty family still live at The Lee.
Churches
The parish church in the village St John the Baptist is unusual in that it consists of two buildings: the ancient chapel of ease built in the 12th century which includes a window depicting Oliver Cromwell and John Hampden as 'champions of liberty', and the more modern Victorian construction that was built of red brick in 1867. Both sit within an oval churchyard, common in places of importance in the pre-Roman period.
There is a Methodist chapel at Lee Common, which was built in 1839 as a Primitive Methodist chapel. It is one of the oldest Methodist chapels in Bucks. There is a small churchyard attached to it. The Methodist church is part of the Amersham Methodist Circuit.
Formerly there was also a Strict Baptist chapel at Lee Clump, and Mission Halls at Swan Bottom and Potter Row.
Hamlets
Hamlets in the parish of The Lee include Lee Clump, Lee Common, Lee Gate, Hunt's Green, Potter Row and Swan Bottom.
Locations
The village has been used as the backdrop for a number of television programmes including several episodes of Midsomer Murders.
References
External links
The village's website
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Maitland Grossmann High School (abbreviated as MGHS) is a government-funded co-educational comprehensive secondary day school, located in East Maitland, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The school is situated on Cumberland St, adjacent to the old Maitland Gaol.
Established in 1884 as the girls only single-sex Maitland Girls' High School, in 1986 the school collaborated with Maitland Boys High, and now both schools are co-educational, with Maitland Girls' High School renamed as Maitland Grossmann High School, and Maitland Boys' High School renamed as Maitland High School. Maitland Grossmann High School enrolled approximately 1,200 students in 2018, from Year 7 to Year 12, of whom seven percent identified as Indigenous Australians and six percent were from a language background other than English. The school is operated by the NSW Department of Education.
The school draws it name from Jeanette Grossman, who provided accommodation for the school in its early years.
Academic results
Maitland Grossmann excels in many areas of study, and is one of the most successful schools in the Hunter Region. The school has a reputation in the Maitland community in the following areas: academic achievement; quality creative and performing arts; excellence in sport; caring student welfare; and highly effective behaviour management strategies.
In 2012, Maitland Grossmann High School celebrated its best NSW Higher School Certificate (HSC) results in recent years, being placed 211th in New South Wales and second in Newcastle/Central Coast for comprehensive high schools based on Band 6 results.
In 2017, Maitland Grossmann High School celebrated a student achieve first in the state for Visual Arts. This student was the first ever to come from a public, non-selective high school since the establishment of the HSC.
Sports
The school currently holds the cross-country regional combined high schools trophy. The school also contains the swimming and athletics zone trophies, and has for many years running.
See also
List of government schools in New South Wales
Education in Australia
References
Further reading
External links
Public high schools in New South Wales
Educational institutions established in 1884
Maitland, New South Wales
1884 establishments in Australia
Gnorismoneura silvatica is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 17 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream slightly tinged with brownish. The strigulation (fine streaking) is weak and brownish. The markings are brown. The hindwings are greyish with darker, diffuse strigulation.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to the habitat of the species and is derived from Latin silvatica (meaning relating to forest).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Dwayne St Aubyn Miller (born 14 July 1987) is a Jamaican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. They have won more than 30 caps for the Jamaica national football team. Miller was also part of the squad that reached the final and won the silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Career
Club career
Tivoli Gardens
Miller started their career at Tivoli Gardens in 2004, before moving to Harbour View in 2005.
Harbour View
They were voted as "Junior Player of the Season" for the 2006–07 season. They featured in the CONCACAF Champions League preliminary round against UNAM Pumas (Mexico) in 2008.
Syrianska
Miller signed a two-year contract in March 2010, with Swedish Superettan (second tier) club Syrianska following a successful trial.
Miller started as the second choice in the season beginning of Superettan 2010. The team were said to have an outside chance for promotion but they succeeded by winning the league and gaining promotion to the Swedish topflight of Allsvenskan. Syrianska had a bad start, with many conceded goals. In the first 12 games, they conceded 20 goals. Around that time, Miller was set to be the first choice. In the following 18 games, Syrianska only lost one game, and only conceded seven goals – with nine clean sheets in the last 11 games. Miller had a huge impact in the team's performances and ended up the season with 21 games as a starter, conceding 14 goals, with 13 clean sheets and a saving percentage of 82%, which was the best of all goalkeepers in the league.
International career
Miller was a part of the Jamaica under-20 squad that reached the final and won silver at the 2007 Pan American Games.
The goalkeeper made their full-international debut for Jamaica in the 2–0 away win against Malaysia in the friendly on 28 June 2007. They earned their second cap against Iran, conceding four goals before being replaced at half-time for Richard McCallum. Jamaica eventually lost 8–1.
They made an appearance for Jamaica in their victorious 2008 Caribbean Championship campaign against Guadeloupe in the semi-final on 11 December 2008. They were called up again to Jamaica to face Nigeria at the New Den on 11 February 2009, in place of Donovan Ricketts who was forced to withdraw with a damaged finger. However, Miller was an unused sub in the 0–0 stalemate whilst Shawn Sawyers started in goal. They played for Jamaica in their international friendly on 12 August, against Ecuador at Giants Stadium in New Jersey, United States.
In 2010, Miller featured in several matches for Jamaica senior national team including a title-winning performance in the 2010 Caribbean Championship in Martinique in December.
Honours
International
Jamaica
Caribbean Cup:
Winner (2): 2008, 2010
Pan American Games:
Runner-up: 2007
CONCACAF Gold Cup:
Runner-up: 2015, 2017
Club
Harbour View
Jamaica National Premier League:
Winner (2): 2007, 2010
CFU Club Championship:
Winner: 2007
Jamaica National Premier League: U21
Winner (2): 2006, 2007
Syrianska FC
Superettan:
Winner: 2010
References
External links
Dwayne Miller profile at Caribbean Football
Dwayne Miller at Fotbolltransfers
1987 births
Living people
People from Saint Thomas Parish, Jamaica
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica youth international footballers
Jamaica under-20 international footballers
Jamaica international footballers
Jamaican expatriate footballers
Tivoli Gardens F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Syrianska FC players
Harbour View F.C. players
Footballers at the 2007 Pan American Games
2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2015 Copa América players
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Pan American Games competitors for Jamaica
Pan American Games silver medalists for Jamaica
Pan American Games medalists in football
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Expm or expm may refer to:
expm1, an abbreviation for the exponent minus 1 function in some Hewlett-Packard RPL scientific calculators
Matrix exponential, the generalization of the exponential function to matrices.
Michael Curry may refer to:
Michael Curry (basketball) (born 1968), American basketball player and coach
Michael Curry (bishop) (born 1953), Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church
Michael Curry (puppet designer) (born 1967), American production designer
Michael Curry (rugby union) (born 1994), New Zealand rugby union player
Mickey Curry (born 1956), drummer
See also
Michael Currie (disambiguation)
Kushtia Medical College () is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2011. It is located in Kushtia. The college is affiliated with Sheikh Hasina Medical University as a constituent college.
It offers 5 years MBBS degree programme and admits 65 students every year.
The commencement of the academic activities started at the MATS, Kushtia temporarily. The permanent campus was started to build in the bank of canal beside the Kushtia-Dhaka Highway and opposite to the Housing #E Block. It is expected the academic and residential options could be supplanted to the permanent campus in the year of 2021.KuMC-07th batch is now running their 3rd phase(4th year)
History
In the year 1978-79 Bangladesh government planned to establish medical colleges at Bogra, Comilla, Dinajpur, Faridpur, Kushtia, Khulna, Noakhali and Pabna with a view to improve the healthcare services in the country. Subsequently, the programme was abandoned. Than the government felt the need for more medical colleges for medical education facilities. Accordingly, the government committed to establish four new medical colleges at Kushtia, Satkhira, Gopalganj and Kishoreganj with annual intakes of 52 students at each. The college was established in 2011. In 2011 it started educational service in a part of general hospital. Now it is a modern and technology based medical college and it is running with 250 beds hospital.
Department
Campus
Construction work of a permanent campus of Kushtia Medical College started in 2013 at a cost of Tk. 275 crore. However, due to bureaucratic complications and negligence on the part of the contractor, the construction of permanent campus has been repeatedly extended.
Accommodation
Kushtia Medical College has separate accommodation for boys and girls. The boy's hall is called Rifat-Milon Hostel and the girl's hall is called Rahima-Afsar Hostel.
Clubs, associations, and extracurricular achievements
1. Sandhani, KuMC Unit (blood, organ donating charitable organization)
2. KuMC Photography Club
3. KuMC Debate Club
4. KuMC Cultural Society
5. Humans Of KuMC
6. Chinnomukul (ছিন্নমুকূল)
See also
List of medical colleges in Bangladesh
References
Medical colleges in Bangladesh
Hospitals in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 2011
2011 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Kushtia District
Mike Cohn is one of the contributors to the Scrum software development method.
 They are one of the founders of the Scrum Alliance.
Early life and education
Born in Anaheim, California, U.S. in 1962, Mike Cohn received their master's degree in computer science from the University of Idaho in northern Idaho. Having a research interest in Agile project management, they specialize in communicating needs and achieving Agile project goals through user stories.
Career
Cohn began their career in the early 1980s as a programmer in APL and BASIC before moving on to C++ and Java and running development groups.
Cohn is the founder of Mountain Goat Software, a process and project management consultancy and training firm.  They are the author of Agile Estimating and Planning, User Stories Applied for Agile Software Development and Succeeding with Agile: Software Development using Scrum, as well as books on Java and C++ programming. Cohn was a keynote speaker on ADAPTing to Agile for Continued Success at the Agile 2010 Presented by the Agile Alliance. In 2012, Cohn was named #1 in The Top 20 Most Influential Agile People.
Cohn is a proponent of stand-up meeting, particularly emphasizing actual standing during them. Teams are encouraged to come up with their own rules for improving these meetings, for example fining people who are late to them. A 2011 survey of tech employees from around the world found that 78% held daily stand-up-meetings.
Publications
Java Developer's Reference (1996)
Database Developer's Guide With Borland C++5: (Sams Developers Guide) (1996)
Sams Teach Yourself Visual Café 2 in 21 Days (1997)
Web Programming With Visual J++ (1997)
References
External links
Cohn's Homepage
Living people
Extreme programming
American bloggers
American technology writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
1962 births
Hans John (31 August 1911 – 23 April 1945) was a German lawyer and World War II resistance figure.
Hans John was born in Ziegenhain, Hesse, and studied law at the University of Berlin. In 1939, they were hired as a legal assistant at the Aviation Law Institute in Berlin. In June 1940, they were instated into the Wehrmacht, but after suffering a wound at the Eastern Front, they were released back into academics.
With their brother Otto, John was in contact with the resistance elements within the Abwehr and Oberkommando der Wehrmacht. After hearing about Operation Walküre, the brothers joined the resistance, and became heavily involved in the 20 July Plot to kill Hitler. After Hans Oster and Hans von Dohnanyi were arrested in the spring of 1943, they kept the escaped Ludwig Gehre hiding from the Gestapo.
John was arrested in August 1944 on plotting charges, and was severely mistreated in jail. The People's Court sentenced them to death in February 1945. They were shot in April 1945 by a Sonderkommando, near Berlin's RSHA office. Their brother Otto managed to escape Germany in July 1944.
References
Sources
August Schnell et al.: Die Abiturienten des Realgymnasiums. In: 100 Jahre Staatliches Gymnasium und Realgymnasium Wiesbaden, Wiesbaden 1951, pp. 167 ff., 178
Johannes Tuchel,: "... und ihrer aller wartete der Strick." Das Zellengefängnis Lehrter Straße 3 nach dem 20. Juli 1944. Lukas Verlag, Berlin 2014, , pp. 185–266
External links
Hans John: biography
1911 births
1945 deaths
People from Schwalmstadt
German Army personnel of World War II
Executed members of the 20 July plot
People from Hesse executed by Nazi Germany
Executed German people
People executed by Nazi Germany by firing squad
People from Hesse-Nassau
People condemned by Nazi courts
John Trapp (5 June 1601, in Croome D'Abitot – 16 October 1669, in Weston-on-Avon), was an English Anglican Bible commentator. Their large five-volume commentary is still read today and is known for its pithy statements and quotable prose; their volumes are quoted frequently by other religious writers.
Son of Nicholas Trapp, of Kempsey, Worcestershire, Trapp studied at the Free School in Worcester and then at Christ Church, Oxford (B.A., 1622; M.A., 1624). They became usher of the free school of Stratford-upon-Avon in 1622 and its principal in 1624, and was made preacher at Luddington, near Stratford, before becoming vicar of Weston-on-Avon in Gloucestershire. They sided with parliament in the English Civil War and was arrested for a short time. They took the covenant of 1643 and acted as chaplain to the parliamentary soldiers in Stratford for two years. According to their own words, in the Commentary to Job, Job 9:5, in 1657 they were "here in Herefordshire". They served as rector of Welford-on-Avon in Gloucestershire between 1646 and 1660 and again as vicar of Weston from 1660 until their death in 1669. Trapp had married Mary Gibbard in 1624; they had eleven children. Their son Joseph (1638–1698), rector of Cherrington, Gloucestershire, was father of Joseph Trapp, first Oxford Professor of Poetry.
Be careful what books you read, for as water tastes of the soil it runs through, so does the soul taste of the authors that a man reads. -- John Trapp
They who rides to be crowned will not mind a rainy day. -- John Trapp
Unity without verity is no better than conspiracy -- John Trapp
Trapp's works have been quoted by religious writers including Charles Spurgeon (1834–1892). Ruth Graham, the daughter of Ruth Bell Graham, said that John Trapp, along with C.S. Lewis and George MacDonald, was one of their mother's three favorite sources for quotations.
Works
Annotations upon the Old and New Testament, in five distinct volumes (London, 1662)
A brief commentary or exposition vpon the Gospel according to St John (London, 1646)
A clavis to the Bible. Or A new comment upon the Pentateuch: or five books of Moses (London, 1650. [i.e. 1649])
A commentary or exposition upon all the books of the New Testament (London, 1656)
A commentary or exposition upon all the Epistles and the Revelation of John the Divine (London, 1647)
A commentary or exposition upon the books of Ezra, Nehemiah, Esther, Job and Psalms (London, 1657)
A commentary or exposition upon the four Evangelists, and the Acts of the Apostles (London, 1647)
A commentary, or, exposition upon the XII. Minor prophets (London, 1654)
A commentary or exposition upon these following books of holy Scripture; Proverbs of Solomon, Ecclesiastes, the Song of Songs, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Lamentations, Ezekiel & Daniel. Being a third volume of annotations upon the whole Bible. (London, 1660)
Gods love-tokens, and the afflicted mans lessons: brought to light, and layd before them in two fruitfull and seasonable discourses upon Revel. 3. 19. Comforting under, and directing unto a right use of our personall, and publike crosses and calamities. (London, 1637)
Solomonis panaretos: or, A commentarie upon the books of Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, and the Song of Songs (London, 1650) Download a scanned version from here.
Theologia theologiæ, the true treasure; or A treasury of holy truths, touching Gods word, and God the word. Digg'd up, and drawn out of that incomparable mine of unsearchable mystery, Heb. I. 1, 2, 3. Wherein the divinity of the holy Scriptures is asserted, and applied. (London, 1641)
References
Graham, Ruth. Christianity Today online, "She Made Christ Them Home". Posted August 1, 2007.
External links
John Trapp : Master, Pastor and Puritan Divine.
Biography by Richard Pearson. 2018.
1601 births
1669 deaths
People educated at the Royal Grammar School Worcester
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
Anglican writers
17th-century English Anglican priests
English theologians
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
People from Malvern Hills District
17th-century English theologians
English male non-fiction writers
17th-century biblical scholars
17th-century Christian biblical scholars
Hussam Abdul Rahman (born 25 May 1954) is a Jordanian shooter. They competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Shooters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Jordanian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Jordan
The Minister for Public Finance, Planning and Community Wealth is a Junior ministerial post in the Scottish Government. As a result, the Minister does not attend the Scottish Cabinet. The post was created in June 2018: the Minister supports the Cabinet Secretary for Finance, who is a full member of cabinet.
Overview
The Minister for Public Finance, Planning and Community Wealth has specific responsibility for:
Managing the public finances
Scottish budget, budgetary monitoring and reporting
Fiscal policy and taxation
Digital economy & digital public services
Public sector pensions
List of office holders
The current Minister for Public Finance and Migration is Tom Arthur.
See also
Scottish Parliament
References
External links
Minister for Public Finance and Migration on Scottish Government website
Public Finance and Digital Economy
Economy of Scotland
Finance ministers of Scotland
Economy ministers
Public finance of Scotland
Aminoethylethanolamine or AEEA is an organic base used in the industrial manufacture of fuel and oil additives, chelating agents, and surfactants.
References
Chelating agents
Amines
Primary alcohols
Macedonia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 which took place on 25 November 2017 in Tbilisi, Georgia. The Macedonian broadcaster MRT was responsible for organising their entry for the contest. Mina Blažev was internally selected on 8 September 2017 as the Macedonian representative and their song for the contest, "Dancing Through Life", was presented on 8 October 2017.
Background
Prior to the 2017 contest, Macedonia had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest twelve times, under the provisional reference of "Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", since its debut at the inaugural contest in . Macedonia were absent twice from the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in and . They have never won the contest, with their best results being at the end , represented by the duo Rosica Kulakova and Dimitar Stojmenovski, and Bobi Andonov respectively, achieving fifth place. In the 2016 contest, Martija Stanojković represented their country in Valletta, Malta with the song "Love Will Lead Our Way". Despite being one of the fan favorites for the victory and due to the removal of the televote, the song ended 12th out of 17 entries with 41 points.
Before Junior Eurovision
On 8 September 2017, the Macedonian broadcaster revealed that they had chosen the fourteen-year-old artist Mina Blažev internally to represent the Republic of Macedonia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017. Them song for the contest, "Dancing Through Life" was revealed on 8 October 2017 along with its official music video. It is written and composed by Aleksander Masevski, who also was responsible for the creation of the Macedonian song for the 2016 contest, "Love Will Lead Our Way", performed by Martija Stanojkovic. The song ended unexpectedly in 12th place out of 17 countries with 41 points despite being a huge favorite to win and due to the removal of the televote for the first time.
Artist and song information
Mina Blažev
Mina Blažev (born 12 June 2003) is a Macedonian singer. They represented Macedonia at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017 in Tbilisi, Georgia on 25 November 2017.
Blažev's biggest achievement was winning the special Pearl Award at the International Music Festival "Ezerski Biseri" earlier this year. Mina was also part of a talent show called Pinkove Zvezdice, which is very popular in the Balkan region. To date, they have received a total of seven first prizes, three-second and one third prize in national and international competitions. They attend singing classes at the Zvezdicki Music Academy. Them the biggest idols are Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber.
"Dancing Through Life"
"Dancing Through Life" is a song by Macedonian singer Mina Blažev. It represented Macedonia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2017.
At Junior Eurovision
During the opening ceremony and the running order draw which took place on 20 November 2017, Macedonia was drawn to perform eighth on 26 November 2017, following Ireland and preceding Georgia.
Voting
Detailed voting results
References
Junior Eurovision Song Contest
Macedonia
2017
Bhavna Chikhalia (‎; 14 February 1955 – 28 June 2013) was a Minister of State of Parliamentary Affairs and of Tourism and Culture in Government of India from 2003 to 2004. They were also a member of Lok Sabha and the first lady of Gujarat who won four consecutive terms of Lok Sabha from Junagadh constituency, Gujarat (from 1991 to 2004). They were a executive secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Parliamentary Wing from 1993 to 1996, and party Whip and Party Vice President in 1998. They were Chairperson of the Railway Convention Committee during 1999–2002.
Early life
Bhavna Chikhalia was born in 1955 in a middle-class family in a small town Devalki near Junagadh, Gujarat. Them father, Jamnadas Patel, was in construction business and Savitaben Patel was a pious homemaker. They have three siblings, a sister and two brothers. Sister Pusha Patel passed away of esophageal cancer. Brother Bharat Patel died in a car accident in 1996. Brother's son Dr. Vatsal Patel, MD, MBA, DABR is a renowned radiation oncologist (cancer specialty) in the USA. Chikhalia was married to Devraj Chikhalia, who is a general surgeon and urologist in Gujarat.
Political career
They have started their profession as a lawyer (B.Com, L.L.B.) and has been a social worker ever since. Chikhalia was elected as a Member of Parliament for the very first time in 1991 of 10th Lok Sabha from Junagadh constituency Gujarat. In 1993 they became an executive secretary of BJP's parliamentary wing. They were re-elected as a Member of Parliament in 1996 of 11th Lok Sabha. They became an active member of Committee on Government Assurances, Communication and Consultative Committee of Ministry of Railways in 1996–97. In 1998 they were elected for the third term as a Member of Parliament of 12th Lok Sabha. They were the Vice President of National BJP Mahila Morcha in 1998-2000 and Chairperson of Railway Convention Committee in 1999–2002.
On 17 April 1999, the BJP coalition government led by Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee failed a to win a confidence vote in the Lok Sabha (India's lower house), falling short a single vote due to the withdrawal of one of the government's coalition partners – the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (ADMK). Sonia Gandhi, as leader of the opposition and largest opposition party (Indian National Congress) was unable to form a coalition of parties large enough to secure a working majority in the Lok Sabha. Thus shortly after the no confidence motion, President K. R. Narayanan dissolved the Parliament and called fresh elections. Atal Behari Vajpayee remained caretaker prime minister till the 1999 Indian general election were held later that year.
In the by-election of 1999, Chikhalia became the first lady from Gujarat elected four times in a row as a Member of Parliament by getting elected for the fourth term in a row in 1999 of 13th Lok Sabha. They were the vice president of all India BJP in 2000. They were the vice president of National Co-operative Housing Federation of India in 2000. They were a chairperson of Gujarat State Housing Finance Corporation for five years. they were made the Minister of Tourism & Culture, and also held the post of Minister of Parliamentary Affairs with BJP leader Sushma Swaraj. They held these posts from January 2003 until May 2004, when the National Democratic Alliance government lost elections.
They died of cardiac arrest in 2013.
Important political positions
1993-1996 Executive Secretary, BJP (Parliamentary Affairs)
1996-1998 Member of National Shipping Board
1996-1998 Vice President, Gujarat Pradesh BJP Mahila Morcha
1996-1998 Vice President, All India BJP Mahila Morcha
1998 Whip, BJP Parliamentary Party, Lok Sabha
1998 Executive Committee Member, BJP Parliamentary Party
2000 Vice President, All India BJP
1991-2004 Member of Parliament
2003-2004 Minister of State of Tourism & Culture and Parliamentary Affairs
References
External links
Entry on Mrs.Bhavna Chikhalia at the official Indian Parliament website
Mrs. Bhavna Chikhalia as a Chairperson of Railway Convention Committee
Embassy of India and INDIA-CROATIA RELATIONS
Mrs. Bhavna Chikhalia in Festival of India & Bhutan
News Link on Mrs. Bhavna Chikhalia
Women in Gujarat politics
People from Junagadh district
1955 births
2013 deaths
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
India MPs 1998–1999
India MPs 1999–2004
Lok Sabha members from Gujarat
Union ministers of state of India
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Gujarat
Women union ministers of state of India
Women members of the Lok Sabha
Hezbollah social services are social development programs organized by the Lebanese paramilitary group, Hezbollah. Hezbollah's popularity among the Lebanese Shiite population, historically one of the poorest communities in Lebanon, comes partly from the social services it provides. Social services have a central role in the party's programs, closely linked to its military and politico-religious functions.
Most experts believe that Hezbollah's social and health programs are worth hundreds of millions of dollars annually. The American think tank Council on Foreign Relations also said that Hezbollah "is a major provider of social services, operating schools, hospitals, and agricultural services for thousands of Lebanese Shiites." The expansiveness of these services has helped Hezbollah remain deeply embedded in Lebanese society.
Summary
Hezbollah organizes an extensive social development program and runs hospitals, news services, educational facilities, and encouragement of Nikah mut‘ah. Some of its established institutions are: Emdad committee for Islamic Charity, Hezbollah Central Press Office, Al Jarha Association, and Jihad Al Binaa Developmental Association. Jihad Al Binna's Reconstruction Campaign is responsible for numerous economic and infrastructure development projects in Lebanon. Hezbollah has set up a Martyr's Institute (Al-Shahid Social Association), which guarantees to provide living and education expenses for the families of fighters who die in battle.
In March 2006, an IRIN news report of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs noted:
"Hezbollah not only has armed and political wings - it also boasts an extensive social development program. Hezbollah currently operates at least four hospitals, twelve clinics, twelve schools and two agricultural centres that provide farmers with technical assistance and training. It also has an environmental department and an extensive social assistance program. Medical care is also cheaper than in most of the country's private hospitals and free for Hezbollah members".
According to CNN: "Hezbollah did everything that a government should do, from collecting the garbage to running hospitals and repairing schools."
In July 2006, during the war with Israel, when there was no running water in Beirut, Hezbollah was arranging supplies around the city. "People here [in South Beirut] see Hezbollah as a political movement and a social service provider as much as it is a militia, in this traditionally poor and dispossessed Shiite community." Also, after the war it competed with the Lebanese government to reconstruct destroyed areas. According to analysts like American University Professor Judith Palmer Harik, Jihad al-Binaa has won the initial battle of hearts and minds, in large part because they are the most experienced in Lebanon in the field of reconstruction.
References
Hezbollah
Society of Lebanon
Tragheim Church () was a Protestant church in the Tragheim quarter of Königsberg, Germany.
History
At the beginning of the 17th century the Lutheran residents of Tragheim attended Löbenicht Church and were buried in Steindamm's cemetery. Because Löbenicht Church was too small for the growing community, Duke George William sold to Tragheim a square containing an old brick or tile manufactory on 23 May 1624. The Tragheimers moved their cemetery to their new square and constructed a small chapel from 1626 to 1632.
The new church was dedicated in 1632 and received its own pastor in 1636. The first five pastors of the church were non-Prussians: Johann Benedikt Reinhardi was from Erfurt, Mauritius Karoli was from Brandenburg, Wolfgang Springer was from Holstein, Daniel Erasmi was from Frankfurt (Oder), and Thomas Masecovius was from Königsberg in der Neumark. In 1696 Jacob Heinrich Ohlius (1650-1725) became the first native of Prussia to be pastor in Tragheim.
Because the original church collapsed in 1707, a new church was constructed from 1708 to 1710 according to designs by architect Joachim Ludwig Schultheiss von Unfriedt (1678-1753), with patronage from Friedrich Kupner. Its Baroque steeple was completed in 1723. When Tragheim Church burned down after a lightning strike in 1783, it was rebuilt the following year according to Schultheiss von Unfriedt's original design, under the direction of Johann Samuel Lilienthal (1724-1799) and Johann Ernst Jester. Its tented roof steeple was incomplete at that time, however.
Ehregott Andreas Christoph Wasianski (July 3, 1755 - April 17, 1831) - a secretary (amanuensis), confidante, and biographer of the great German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) - became the pastor of Tragheim Church in 1808.
Richard Wagner married Minna Planer (Christine Wilhelmine Planer) in Tragheim Church on 26 November 1836.
The church was heavily damaged in the Bombing of Königsberg (1944) and in the Battle of Königsberg (April 6–9, 1945).
The last pastors of the Tragheim Church were Schwandt, Friedrich Werner, Eduard Korallus (pastor from 1900 to 1933), and Paul Knapp (pastor from 1933 to 1944).
The remnants of the church were demolished by the Soviet administration in Kaliningrad, Russia during the 1950s.
Sights
The church contained a Rococo chancellery and pulpit with beautiful carvings made in 1784 by tischlermeister (master carpenter) Carl Johann Grabowski of Königsberg. The neoclassical altarpiece was created by the wood-carver Christian Benjamin Schultz from Heilsberg, and donated to the church by the apothecary Johann Sigismund Tiepolt and their wife Susanne (née Bulle), who both died in 1800. The organ was designed in 1793/1794 by orgelbaumeister (master organ-builder) Christoph Wilhelm Braveleit (1751-1796). The church also contained an oil painting of E. A. C. Wasianski by Johann Friedrich Andreas Knorre (1763 - May 11, 1841), a distinguished portrait painter who was Director of the Provinzial-Kunst-und Zeichenschule (Provincial Art and Drawing School) in Königsberg from 1800 to 1841. Knorre also held the position of Professor of Drawing at the School.
Gallery
Notes
References
Former churches in Königsberg
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
1624 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
17th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Religious organizations established in the 1620s
Baroque church buildings in Germany
Volume 1 of the Association of Radio Industries and Businesses (ARIB) STD-B24 standard for Broadcast Markup Language specifies, amongst other details, a character encoding for use in Japanese-language broadcasting. It was introduced on . The latest revision is version 6.3 as of .
It includes a number of not found in the base standards (JIS X 0208 and JIS X 0201). It was the source standard for many symbol characters which were added to Unicode, including portions of the Miscellaneous Symbols, Enclosed Alphanumeric Supplement and Enclosed Ideographic Supplement blocks. Its contributions partially overlap the Unicode emoji, but were added a year earlier, in Unicode 5.2.
Fascicle 1 of the ARIB STD-B62 standard, published in 2014, defines Unicode mappings for a selection of the B24 extended characters (excluding, for example, those duplicated by JIS X 0213), as well as a few extended Kanji. It also includes a mapping of utilised characters outside the Basic Multilingual Plane to the BMP's private use area.
Sets and codes
The ARIB STD B24 standard defines multiple character sets and a method of switching between them. These include a Kanji set (an extension of JIS X 0208), an Alphanumeric set, a Hiragana set, Katakana sets of two distinct layouts and four mosaic sets. The sets are selected using ISO 2022 mechanisms for 94-sets, using the following codes (proportional sets use the same layout as the corresponding non-proportional ones):
Code charts
Kanji (double-byte) set
This is a double-byte character set extending JIS X 0208.
Lead byte
The encoding bytes correspond to the row or cell number plus 0x20, or 32 in decimal (see below). Hence, the code set starting with 0x21 has a row number of 1, and its cell 1 has a continuation byte of 0x21 (or 33), and so forth. Most of the code corresponds to JIS X 0208.
Character sets 0x21-0x74 (row numbers 1-84: punctuation, alphabets, numbers, Kana, Kanji)
Character set 0x7A (row number 90, traffic symbols)
Characters 90-45 through 90-63 and 90-66 through 90-84 (shown below shaded) are listed in the B24 standard only in table 7-10 (the list of extension characters), and are also the only characters in rows 90 through 91 which are not transport-related symbols; this is noted in the B24 standard in an endnote to table 7-10. The remainder of the extensions are listed in both table 7-4 (the double-byte code chart) and table 7-10.
Character set 0x7B (row number 91, map symbols)
Characters from ARIB STD-B24 which were not retained in ARIB STD-B62 are shown shaded.
Character set 0x7C (row number 92, units, enclosed forms, list markers, arrows)
Characters from ARIB STD-B24 which were not retained in ARIB STD-B62 are shown shaded.
Character set 0x7D (row number 93, game and weather symbols, fractions, units, enclosed forms)
Characters from ARIB STD-B24 which were not retained in ARIB STD-B62 are shown shaded.
Character set 0x7E (row number 94, list markers)
Characters from ARIB STD-B24 which were not retained in ARIB STD-B62 are shown shaded.
Single-byte sets
Alphanumeric set
Hiragana set
Katakana set
JIS X 0201 Katakana set
Mosaic sets
Shift_JIS variant
In addition to the modified ISO 2022 encoding, the B24 standard also specifies a Shift JIS encoding following JIS X 0208:1997, but with the addition of the extended characters in the kanji set.
See also
Footnotes
References
Further reading
(NB. Translated into Japanese and Chinese in 2002.)
External links
Official changelog for ARIB STD-B24
STD-B24 and others, List of ARIB Standards in the Field of Broadcasting (ARIB)
Character sets
Encodings of Japanese
Great Lakes Dragway is a quarter mile dragstrip in the Town of Paris, Kenosha County, near Union Grove, Wisconsin.
History
The drag strip opened in 1955, and celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2005. The drag strip became the 2nd oldest continuously operating dragstrip in the country after Inyokern Airport closed. #1 is Redding raceway in California and opened in 53. The track also is open for more dates than any other track in the United States. In March 2011, Great Lakes Dragaway won a poll "What is the most historically significant dragstrip in the United States?" on BangShift, a popular drag racing blog.
In the early days of the track, races were started by a flagman (before dragstrip Christmas Trees) and cars sometimes raced four abreast.
In the 1970s, nitrous methane "rocket dragster" exhibition cars ran down the track in the low 4 second elapsed time range at over 350 miles per hour.
In 2014, the track opted to no longer be a member track of the National Hot Rod Association, instead, along with several other dragstrips that year, joining the International Hot Rod Association.
Schedule
The track hosts fun racing, where the general public can race their own car or motorcycle on the drag strip. The track also has monthly special events such as Real Street Drags, where the scoreboards are disabled, and flag or flashlight starts, instead of the "christmas tree" are available; an International Hot Rod Association Summit Summer Series bracket racing event; Import Wars, an event tailored towards imported (Non-US) cars, and multi-day racing shows over Memorial Day & Labor Day weekends.
The track has held snowmobile drags in winter months. Motorcycle Daredevil and World Record Motorcycle Jumper "Super" Ken Mackow got their start at this track in 1970. They went on to become a World Class Daredevil.  They are listed in the Motorcycle Hall of Fame.
References
External links
Official Website
Great Lakes Dragaway on Google Maps
Discover Wisconsin article on Great Lakes Dragaway
1955 establishments in Wisconsin
IHRA drag racing venues
Motorsport venues in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Kenosha County, Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Kenosha County, Wisconsin
Sports venues completed in 1955
Graeme Clifford (born 1942) is an Australian film director. Their directing credits include the Academy Award-nominated film Frances, Gleaming the Cube and the mini-series The Last Don, which received two Emmy nominations.
Clifford was a leading film editor for over ten years, before they made an impressive feature directorial debut with Frances, the dramatic real-life story of actor Frances Farmer, which gained Academy Award nominations for Jessica Lange and Kim Stanley and was also entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. Their second feature outing was the Australian historical adventure-drama Burke & Wills which was chosen as a participant in the 1986 Cannes Film Festival. They followed up with the contemporary action-suspense drama Gleaming the Cube, starring Christian Slater, and Deception (a.k.a. Ruby Cairo), starring Andie MacDowell, Liam Neeson and Viggo Mortensen.
Career
Born in Sydney, Australia, Clifford obtained their wide-ranging experience in editing, special effects, sound recording/mixing, animation and assistant directing at Artransa Park, Sydney's only film studio for many years. In 1964 they moved to London and worked at the BBC in their editing department. They then moved to Canada where they worked for CBD as an editor making commercials and documentaries in Vancouver. While there they met Robert Altman and got a job assisting editing on That Cold Day in the Park. Altman liked the work they did and invited Clifford to Los Angeles.
Clifford's collaborations with Altman include M*A*S*H, McCabe and Mrs. Miller, Images and The Long Goodbye. For Roeg, Clifford edited Don't Look Now, for which they were nominated for a British Academy Award, as well as The Man Who Fell to Earth.
Clifford's other feature editing credits include Norman Jewison's F.I.S.T., Sam Peckinpah's Convoy, Bob Rafelson's The Postman Always Rings Twice and the cult-classic The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Clifford's television directorial credits are many and varied. They include episodes of Joan of Arcadia, The Guardian, Twin Peaks and Faerie Tale Theatre, and the movies Profoundly Normal (Kirstie Alley, Delroy Lindo), See You In My Dreams (Aidan Quinn, Marcia Gay Harden), Redeemer (Matthew Modine), Past Tense (Scott Glenn, Lara Flynn Boyle, Anthony LaPaglia) and Mario Puzo's The Last Don Parts I and II, an Emmy-nominated 10-hour mini-series (Danny Aiello, Joe Mantegna, Jason Gedrick, Daryl Hannah).
Filmography
As director:
Feature films
Frances
Burke & Wills
Gleaming the Cube
Ruby Cairo
Television films
Write & Wrong
Family Sins
Profoundly Normal
Crossing the Line
Gaily, Gaily
Redeemer
See You In My Dreams
The Last Witness
The Last Don II
My Husband's Secret Life
The Last Don
A Loss of Innocence
Nightmare Classics ("The Turn of the Screw")
References
External links
Australian film directors
People from Sydney
1942 births
Living people
Australian film editors
Australian television directors
Rabbi Arie Zeev Raskin (; born 1976) is the Chief Rabbi of Cyprus and the first rabbi on the island in many years.
Career
Raskin's brothers are also serving as rabbis in Jewish communities, with Shlomo Raskin in Frankfurt and Shmuel Raskin in Budapest. They moved to Cyprus in 2003 with their wife, Shaindel, and their children in an effort to reintroduce Jewish life onto the island. They had previously lived in Kiryat Malachi.  They are a follower of the Chabad-Lubavitch branch of Hasidic Judaism. In Cyprus, they set up the Cyprus Jewish Community Centre in Larnaca, close to Larnaca Airport, to serve around 630 Jewish families on the island as well as Jewish travellers and tourists.
Besides the Larnaca Synagogue, the Jewish community of Cyprus also built a dining room, English and Hebrew library, a mikveh, and a kindergarten. Other activities at the Centre include a wide variety of classes and programmes designed to reach all ages and levels of Jewish learning. Activities include discussion groups on Jewish issues, weekly Talmud and Torah study groups, special Jewish holiday programmes, Jewish email services and a website, Shabbat meals, and tourist assistance.
Raskin was nominated as the official Jewish leader and the Chief Rabbi of Cyprus on 12 September 2005, at the dedication ceremony of the centre, which was performed by Chief Rabbi of Israel Yona Metzger and Reverend Weissman, a representative for Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom Jonathan Sacks. In the synagogue, Rabbi Raskin was draped with a tallit and officially took on the leadership of the Cypriot Jewish community. Other guests at the ceremony included then-Israeli ambassador Zvi Cohen-Litant, rabbis from the Rabbinical Center of Europe, the Vice Chairman of the Lubavitch educational division at Lubavitch World Headquarters, Rabbi Moshe Kotlarsky, Rabbi Yekutiel Farkash from Jerusalem, the Cypriot Education and Culture minister Pefkios Georgiades, and Larnaca's deputy mayor Alexis Michaelides, as well as members of the government, politicians, diplomats, rabbis from all over Europe, and other local leaders.
By 2006, the building of a mikveh called Mei Menachem was completed, and a summer centre in Ayia Napa and the Cyprus International Jewish School were opened. Raskin said, "Our primary goal is to improve the quality of Jewish life for every Jew in Cyprus: the moral values and rich traditions that Judaism has to offer are things that no Jew should be deprived of."
In 2018, Rabbi Raskin proposed the idea of the Jewish Museum of Cyprus.
The Museum, set to be built in Larnaca, Cyprus.The purpose of the Museum is to educate people on the history of Jewish presence in Cyprus. The museum will also focus on Cypriots who helped Holocaust refugees while in the WW2 British internment camps in Cyprus. The Museum will promote awareness, tolerance and show how the Jewish people and Israel are important contributors to culture, education, science and the arts and will promote a better understanding of cultures so that in this environment there can be peace in the Middle East.
"
Gallery
References
External links
Site of the Cypriot rabbinate
1976 births
Living people
Chabad-Lubavitch rabbis
Chief rabbis of Cyprus
Place of birth missing (living people)
Israeli emigrants to Cyprus
People from Jerusalem
The Clinton Street Theater is a theater located in southeast Portland, Oregon. It is believed to be the second oldest operating movie house in the city and one of the oldest continually operating cinemas in the United States. The theater was designed by Charles A. Duke in 1913, built in 1914, and opened as The Clinton in 1915. It became known as the 26th Avenue Theatre in 1945 and the Encore in 1969, before reverting to a resemblance of its original name in 1976. The Clinton often screens grindhouse, cult and experimental films, and has become known for hosting regular screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show (since 1978, marking one of the film's longest-running showings) and Repo! The Genetic Opera. The venue also hosts the annual Filmed by Bike festival, the Faux Film Festival and the Portland Queer Documentary Film Festival.
History
A photograph of the building that was to house the theater appeared in The Morning Oregonian newspaper in 1913. Known as the Kleist Building after its owner, Edward Kleist, it had a pressed brick front and walls with hollow tiles. The second floor was intended for residential rooms and apartments, and the ground floor was designed for business storerooms and a movie theater. According to a February 1915 newspaper advertisement, The Exploits of Elaine, the first in a continuing series of Craig Kennedy detective stories, was to show at The Clinton on March 1.
The 300-seat theater was designed by Charles A. Duke in 1913 and opened in 1915 as The Clinton. Its main entrance faced 26th Avenue until 1922. The venue became known as the 26th Avenue Theatre in 1945 and the Encore in 1969, before reverting to a variation of its original name on May 30, 1975. At that time, a five-person collective bought the theater. The collective consisted of Jim Blashfield, Joe Uris, Lenny Diener, David Lifton and others. The group also published the Clinton St. Quarterly, with poetry by Walt Curtis and cartoons by John Callahan. The movie house had been showing X-rated films, which the collective replaced with a wide variety of movies including foreign films, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and older films like The African Queen.
In September 1999, Elizabeth Rozier and Dennis Nyback took over operation of the theater. Nyback had previously shown films at the Clinton beginning in 1997. They were told about the availability of the theater when they were showing films in June 1999. During their time operating the theater with Rozier, Clinton showed a mix of new films, revival films, and creations by Nyback using their archive. Their shows included: "Defining the 1970's Through Classic Commercials", "Bad Bugs Bunny", "Strange and Surreal Industrial Films", "F&#k Mickey Mouse", "Scopitone A Go Go", "Jazz on Film", "The Dark Side of Dr. Seuss", "Forty Years of Classic Commercials", and "The Genius of Bob Clampett".
Seth and Nicola Sonstein purchased the business from Elizabeth Rozier in September 2003. The couple "fell in love with both the city and the theater" after visiting in July 2002 as coordinators of San Francisco's Sick Puppy short film festival. The Sonsteins added heating and air conditioning, both firsts for the theater, and refurbished the bathrooms, lobby and walls, among other upgrades. Screening independent films and supporting local filmmakers remain the couple's primary goals.
In March 2012 the business, including fixtures and projection and concession equipment, but not the building itself, were listed for sale. In April 2012 ownership of the business transferred from the Sonsteins to Roger and Lani Jo Leigh. After the sale, Seth Sonstein said in a press release: "For the last eight-and-a-half years I have had the opportunity to run the coolest movie theater, in the coolest neighborhood, in the coolest city in America. My eternal gratitude goes out to the citizens of Portland. I can never say thank you enough time for all of the support you have given to the Clinton." Events to mark the change included an open house "meet-and-greet", which included screenings of two documentary films by Lani Jo, and an evening of rare trailers and video clips from the Prelinger Archives. Lani Jo confirmed the theater will continue to offer screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and focus on documentary and independent films.
In April 2022, ownership was transferred from the Leighs to a collective of six co-owners, who plan to continue the weekly screening of Rocky Horror.
Events
Clinton Street Theater offers: "a mixture of grindhouse, music films, political documentaries and experimental films". The theater has become known for its weekly screenings of Rocky Horror and Repo! The Genetic Opera, and for its annual Filmed by Bike festival, which began in 2003 and features: "bike-themed independent short movies from around the world." Rocky Horror screenings began in 1978, marking one of the longest-running showings of the film. The theater also hosts the Faux Film Festival, offering cult and independent film showings, and the Portland Queer Documentary Film Festival.
To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Portland Trail Blazers, in 2009 the theater screened the 1978 rare and out of circulation documentary Fast Break about the team's 1976–77 championship season. In 2010 the Clinton hosted the Three-Minute Picture Show, which featured screenings of three-minute films by first-time filmmakers. The venue has also hosted benefit events, such as "Can't Stop the Serenity" (presented by PDX Browncoats), which included showings of the film Serenity among other features to benefit Equality Now and the Oregon Food Bank. Other hosted events have included the Portland Underground Film Festival, comedy shows, commemorations for holidays such as Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and lectures on film making.
Many celebrities have appeared at the theater to promote films, including Crispin Glover in 2008, and Bill Plympton and Tom Shadyac in 2011. Chuck Palahniuk, Tom Potter and Gus Van Sant have also appeared at the theater.
See also
History of film
Midnight movie
Neptune Theatre (Seattle), also known for screening The Rocky Horror Picture Show
The Rocky Horror Picture Show cult following
References
External links
1910s architecture in the United States
1915 establishments in Oregon
Cinemas and movie theaters in Oregon
Hosford-Abernethy, Portland, Oregon
Theatres completed in 1915
Theatres in Portland, Oregon
"Portsmouth" is a traditional English folk dance tune, similar to an Irish or Scottish hornpipe melody. It is sometimes referred to as the "Portsmouth Hornpipe".
"Portsmouth" appeared in the 11th edition of John Playford's The Dancing Master in 1701. It is also one of the three arrangements on which English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams based their Sea Songs, originally arranged for military band in 1923 as the second movement of their English Folk Song Suite, and subsequently re-arranged for full orchestra in 1942 by the composer. In the 1950s it was used as the signature tune for BBC television series Billy Bunter.
Mike Oldfield rendition
Popular musician Mike Oldfield recorded an arrangement of the instrumental in 1976. Released as a single, it is Oldfield's highest charting single in the United Kingdom, where it reached number three.
Background
In an attempt to repeat the success of their previous year's Christmas hit, "In Dulci Jubilo", Mike recorded another traditional folk melody dating from 1701 (first known publication), again using Leslie Penning on recorders. The single was just as successful as its predecessor, charting at number 3 in the UK, and became their first non-album single to be issued in the USA. It also charted at number 2 in Ireland, and was Oldfield's highest charting single there until 1983's "Moonlight Shadow", which spent a week at number 1 in Ireland. Mike Oldfield plays acoustic guitar, acoustic bass, accordion, mandolin, ARP string synthesiser, tambourine, kettle drum and bodhran (Irish drum), and both Oldfield and Penning are credited with "feet".
This track, plus two others chosen as the B-side in different countries, had been released the month before as three of four new tracks on the compilation album Boxed. They were mixed and encoded for SQ quadraphonic sound, the only format this album was issued in, and all issues of these tracks in vinyl and tape formats have the encoding, even if they only say "stereo" on the label, as do all single releases.
"Argiers" is another traditional folk tune, performed by Leslie Penning on recorders and Mike Oldfield on acoustic guitar and ARP string synthesiser. An unusual feature of this arrangement is that it is in a minor key, having been converted from its original major key via diatonic transposition. "Portsmouth" and "Argiers" were both recorded in January 1976 at Througham, Gloucestershire, Oldfield's new home studio, shortly after they moved from their previous home in Hergest Ridge, which was the location of their previous home studio, the Beacon.
"Speak (Tho' You Only Say Farewell)" is an old show tune performed by David Bedford on piano and vocals, and Mike Oldfield on vocals. It is similar in style to Bedford's earlier work in the Coxhill-Bedford Duo with Lol Coxhill, and was recorded at the Beacon in November 1974.
The piece is featured on the Mercury Records reissue of Ommadawn, released on 7 June 2010.
Track listing
UK 7-inch single (Virgin VS-163):
"Portsmouth" (traditional, arr. Oldfield) – 2:02
"Speak (Tho' You Only Say Farewell)" (Ray Morello / Horatio Nicholls) – 2:54
International 7-inch single:
"Portsmouth" (traditional, arr. Oldfield) – 2:02
"Argiers" (traditional, arr. Oldfield) – 3:59
Issued in the USA, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Ireland, Yugoslavia, Australia and South Africa. Each central European country issued it in a cover unique to their country.
Ireland issued both pairings, and some copies of both editions exist mis-pressed with the B-side label belonging to the other edition.
The single has been issued three times in France, in 1976, 1977, and 1980, each with different sleeves.
Music video
A music video was made for this track, and can be found on the DVD, Elements – The Best of Mike Oldfield. Shot in Oldfield's Througham studio, it shows four female folk dancers who dance barefoot around the studio, while Oldfield is seen playing various instruments. As in the video for their previous single, "In Dulci Jubilo", the video emphasizes that Oldfield plays all the instruments, even though this is not strictly true. (Leslie Penning does not appear in the video.)
In popular culture
The piece was featured in the 1979 NASA documentary film by Tony Palmer, The Space Movie. It also featured during the TV series I'm Alan Partridge.
The piece has become synonymous with English football club, Portsmouth F.C., who play the tune before games at their home stadium, Fratton Park. Notably it was played during their victorious FA Cup 2008 campaign, including after the final game against Cardiff City on 17 May 2008 at Wembley.
In April 2010 two groups were set up on the social networking site Facebook to encourage people to download the single "Portsmouth" via sites such as iTunes in the week commencing 3 May 2010, in a hope to get into the UK Singles Chart, before Portsmouth F.C.'s FA Cup Final appearance against Chelsea. Oldfield themselves commented on the campaign. It however did not chart.
Charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
The annotated "Portsmouth"; English country dance
1700s songs
1976 singles
Mike Oldfield songs
Virgin Records singles
Maritime music
Hopang Township () is a township of the Wa Self-Administered Division in the Shan State of Burma. The principal town is Hopang. It is one of the 6 townships of Wa Self-Administered Division. It became part of Hopang District instead of Kunlong District in 2011.
The 3 main routes which link Hopang and other parts are 804 mile long Hopang-Lashio-Mandalay-Taunggyi-Mongpyin-Matman Road, the 343 mile long Hopang-Lashio-Tangyan-Panghsan-Matman Road and the 257 mile long Hopang-Mongmao-Panghsan-Matman Road.
Its total population before 1995 was 70,720 and Wa nationals were 24,024.
There are 3,713 acres of rubber plantation in 2007.
References
Townships of Shan State
The Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA; Spanish: LUMA, AEE) was an electric power company owned by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico responsible for electricity generation, power distribution, and power transmission on the island. PREPA was the only entity authorized to conduct such business in Puerto Rico, making it a government monopoly, until on January 22, 2018, former governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, announced that all assets of the company will be sold in a general privatization of PREPA.
The authority was ruled by a board of directors appointed by the governor with the advice and consent of the Senate. Since 2014, PREPA was subject to the Puerto Rico Energy Commission, another government agency whose board of directors was also appointed by the governor.
Hurricane Maria in September 2017 destroyed PREPA's distribution network, creating a blackout in all parts of the island.
History
PREPA was originally named the Puerto Rico Water Resources Authority (PRWRA) which was created by Law No. 83 of May 2, 1941, during the governorship of Rexford G. Tugwell. Government-owned, PRWRA unified diverse regional and local electric power companies into one unified electric grid.
Maintenance budget
Over the years the budget for maintenance, such as clearing trees near power lines, has diminished: in 2007 it was $251 million and in 2014 it was $202 million.
Outages
Throughout its history, PREPA has suffered several outages that have left regions or the entire island of Puerto Rico without power.
In August 2012 14,000 residents where left without power following the passing of tropical storm Isaac.
One of these islandwide outages occurred on September 20, 2016, due to a fire at one of PREPA's plants—Central Aguirre. All of Puerto Rico was without power for three days.
On occasion, entire sectors are reportedly left without power when an animal, such as a cat or an iguana, causes damage to the system.
In September 2021 demand for electricity exceeded supply, after mechanical and maintenance problems affected various power plants, resulting in four days of consecutive rolling blackouts. Central Aguirre and Palo Seco faced problems with the removal of seaweed since the filters to prevent the accumulation of such needed replacement. The power outages resulted in the cancellation of classes at the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico and a student protest at the University of Puerto Rico.
Hurricanes Irma and Maria
At the first days of September 2017, the eye of Hurricane Irma passed north of the island. The strong winds left 1 million residents without power. Power had been restored to 980,000 people by September 20, when Hurricane Maria struck, leaving nearly the entire island without power. Two weeks later, power had been restored to about 10% of customers. Full restoration was expected to take months, and many Puerto Ricans bought generators. Electric companies in unaffected areas ordinarily make contracts for speedy assistance to those hit by disaster, but in this case negotiations took weeks.
The initial $300 million contract for power restoration was given to Whitefish Energy, a Montana company which had only two employees on the day the hurricane struck. The award was controversial on those and other grounds, and was cancelled on October 29. By December 2017, the Army Corps of Engineers had other contractors in place, along with crews brought in through mutual aid agreements with utilities such as Con Edison.
Six weeks after Hurricane Maria, 30% of customers had been restored. After two months, almost half had been restored.
On January 6, 2018, representatives of FEMA, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and their armed security details entered a Palo Seco warehouse owned by PREPA to obtain and distribute a massive store of spare parts were needed to restore grid power. PREPA has been accused of hoarding the materials and hence delaying the restoration of power. The equipment has since been distributed.
In January 2018, it had been predicted that generation would reach 95% by the following month, and 100% of customers would be restored by June 2018.
On April 18, 2018, an accident at a transmission line knocked out the electrical grid of Puerto Rico. All the island lost power. The following afternoon, PREPA announced that service had been restored to 97% of customers, the same percentage as before this blackout. 40,000 customers were still out of service due to the hurricane seven months earlier.
With June 1 the official start of the 2018 hurricane season, an estimated 11,000+ customers remained without power, possibly for another two months. Although an estimated $3.8B was spent on power grid work since the September hurricanes, the grid is still considered fragile and vulnerable. PREPA announced a $500M one-year master services agreement with MasTec for further power grid reconstruction and modernization services.
Costa Sur Power Plant
As a result of the 2019–20 Puerto Rico earthquakes the Costa Sur Power Plant located in Guayanilla was knocked out of service. An estimated 327,000 clients where left without power and many as a result without water service. The President of the AEE/PREPA, Jose Ortiz, informed there was extensive damage in the facilities and that repairs would take more than a year. FEMA assigned $238 million to help cover cost related to backup units which are used to meet the demand previously covered by Costa Sur.
Controversial 1.5 billion fossil fuels project
In 2017, during Hurricane Maria an unsolicited offer by New Fortress Energy was made to PREPA. In 2020, a court order required the awarded-contract documents be made public and showed several irregularities including that the company doesn't have a liquid-gas production track record in Puerto Rico and that rather than go through a bidding process, the contract was approved quickly. Chris Christie, the former governor of New Jersey was listed as a paid lobbyist for PREPA, in the documents. Ingrid Vila Biaggi, the former Puerto Rico Chief of Staff, made a request for an independent investigation. In 2021 various environmental groups requested the cancellation of the contract.
LUMA Energy
In June 2020 governor Wanda Vázquez Garced and the AEE/PREPA signed a contract with LUMA Energy that would give the company control of the AEE/PREPA electric grid for 15 years. The meeting in which the contract (which contains over 300 pages in length) was approved lasted only 43 minutes.
The UTIER along with the other unions of the authority expressed disapproval of the contract, organized strikes and submitted amendments to the contract.
The Puerto Rico House of Representatives called for postponing the contract until 2022 and launched an investigation into the contract.
Structure
Board of directors
PREPA's board of directors serves as the authority's governing body, with a membership that usually consists of private citizens entrusted with representing the public interest and may or may not include exofficio political officeholders (typically the Secretary of Economic Development and Commerce). Three members of the board are directly elected by consumers by plurality-at-large; two of them by residential consumers and one by commercial ones. However, when both the governor and the legislature belong to the same party, one of the earliest laws amended by the legislature is the one governing PREPA's board composition. The governor is usually required to appoint four members with the advice and consent of the Senate, who along with the incumbent political officeholders which serve in ex officio capacity effectively render the authority a partisan tool rather than an electric utility.
The last structural change to the board occurred on June 11, 2018, after governor Ricardo Rossello.
Labor unions
There are four labor unions that represent the workers from the authority exclusively UTIER, UITICE, UEPI, and UPAEE. In 2021 three of the five unions will disband due to the LUMA energy contract.
Energy sources
The majority of Puerto Rico's electricity is generated using oil and natural gas fired power plants. Puerto Rico also has 21 reservoirs that produce hydroelectric energy.
In 2019 the Puerto Rican government passed legislation requiring the closure of coal fired power plants by 2028 and achieving 100% renewable energy by 2050. A report in 2021 criticized the government for delays in processing applications for electrical interconnection. At the time of said report only 327 applications where approved, representing 0.09% of the total.
In 2021 the government unveiled plans for the Puerto Rico Ocean Technology Complex (PROtech) an Ocean thermal energy conversion project on the southeast coast.
Power plants
PREPA serves close to 1.5 million customers through several power plants (as of 2015): In 2020 the agency continues to report that it serves 1.5 million customers.
Subsidiaries
The public corporation also provides fiber optic broadband to private carriers through one of its subsidiary, PREPA Networks. PREPA is also studying the possibility of selling energy to the United States Virgin Islands with the installation of an underwater power cable between Fajardo and the island of St. Thomas—similar to the power cable with which it services its clients in the island municipalities of Vieques and Culebra.
Finances
As of 2014 the authority carries liabilities of US$10.1 billion against assets of $6 billion. It also operates with a deficit of about $354 million against revenues of $4.8 billion. In terms of costs, $2.6 billion or about 58% of PREPA's expenses are attributed to fuel purchases alone while salaries and collective bargains represent less than 13% of the authority's expenses.
On May 23, 2014, Citigroup severely curtailed PREPA's line of credit for fuel purchase, forcing PREPA to run out of cash to pay Petrobras, its main oil supplier. Petrobras, in turn, threatened to cut off further shipments to the authority. This forced the authority to take $100 million out of its Capital Improvements Fund in order to pay its debt to Petrobras. PREPA argues that the different agencies of the government of Puerto Rico owe them more than $290 million in debt, while an additional $375 million of revenue is lost through subsidies enacted by the Puerto Rican legislature. An additional $600 million is owed to the authority by residential and commercial consumers, some of them by consumers living in public housing. The authority argues that it wouldn't have a problem being self-sufficient if it were paid the asupervisorstioned debt and if it weren't forced to give out subsidies. On June 3, 2014, senator Ramón Luis Nieves admitted publicly that, "part of the financial problem at PREPA was provoked by the government and the Puerto Rican legislature."
On June 11, 2014, Fitch Ratings downgraded its rating on the authority's to speculative non-investment grade ("junk status") from BB+ to BB while putting the authority on negative rating watch. PREPA filed for bankruptcy in July 2017.
PREPAs' two largest creditors are OppenheimerFunds and Franklin Templeton.
As of 2021 the payment of PREPA's debt remains in an indefinite "limbo" due to a lack of agreement between the government of Puerto Rico and bondholders. PREPA's debt totals over $9 million and according to David Skeel, the new president of the Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico, it will have to be renegotiated in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional to a lack of progress on debt negotiation a 2020 law passed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Puerto Rico halted cutting service to clients who failed to pay their utility bills, this resulted in a decrease in the earnings of the agency.
Investigations by the office of the Comptroller revealed from 2010 to 2018 the AEE had mismanaged $192 million on projects without utility.
In March 2021 the AEE announced increase in electric bills for the next three months equivalent to an average of $12 more on clients bills. As part of the contract with LUMA Energy, the AEE has begun transferring funds to LUMA, including $128 million sent by April 2021.
Gallery
References
External links
GRID INNOVATIONS Puerto Rico Grid: Build Back Better
Electric power companies of Puerto Rico
Government-owned corporations of Puerto Rico
American companies established in 1941
Energy companies established in 1941
1941 establishments in Puerto Rico
A cold nodule is a thyroid nodule that does not produce thyroid hormone. On a radioactive iodine uptake test a cold nodule takes up less radioactive material than the surrounding thyroid tissue. A cold nodule may be malignant or benign. On scintigraphy cold nodules do not show but are easily shown on ultrasound. Figure 1 illustrates the basic anatomy of the thyroid gland. The case shown in Figure 4 shows a cold nodule quite emphasized representation of the thyroid. The investigation was carried out due to a goiter rating of 3. Striking was the discrepancy between the magnification sonographically depicted the thyroid lobe and the findings in the scintigraphy; the lower part of the right lobe and the lateral part of the left missing in the bone scan, although demonstrably thyroid tissue is present there sonographically. This imperfective representation for thyroid tissue is the characteristic of "cold node". "Cold nodule" in older women usually benign and 15-20% Malignant. And in Men or child cancer until proven otherwise.
See also
Thyroid nodule
Colloid nodule
References
Thyroid
2d nuclear medical imaging
The Medicines and Medical Devices Agency of Serbia (; abbr. ALIMS) is a Serbian national authority responsible for regulation and surveillance of the development, manufacturing and sale of human and veterinary drugs and medical devices. Its task is also to ensure that both individual patients and healthcare professionals have access to safe and effective medicinal products.
Medicines and Medical Devices Agency of Serbia was founded by the Serbian Law on Medicines and Medical Devices in 2004, thus replacing previously existing Medicines Bureau of Yugoslavia (established in 1948) and Institute for testing and control of medicines of Serbia (established in 1960).
The Medicines and Medical Devices Agency of Serbia is a government body under the aegis of the Serbian Ministry of Health. Its operations are largely financed through fees. Approximately 180 people work at the agency; most are pharmacists and doctors.
See also
Regulation of therapeutic goods
European Medicines Agency
External links
Pharmaceutical industry
National agencies for drug regulation
Medical and health organizations based in Serbia
Drugs in Serbia
The 1910 Mississippi College Collegians football team represented Mississippi College as an independent during the 1910 college football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
College football winless seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
Insanity's Heaven (Arabic: فردوس الجنون) is a novel by Syrian author Ahmad Yusuf Dawood, first published in 1996. It is considered as one of the 100 best Arabic novels.
Style
In the novel, the author used an innovative writing style that was not known to be used back then. it can be argued that, this novel mixes the fiction with reality to dig out the dilemmas of human mind. As the name indicates, it is trying to unearth the characters' mental conditions by imagining another realm of life. The author used 'firdaus' to denote the highest place of heaven, which is a well used metaphor in Arabic Literature.
The Plot
The story starts from the perspective of the second character (Sarhan), a mysterious character that has a great impact on the role of other characters. However, Sarhan's character is not as prominent as Baligh's, the primary character.
The story revolves around a young man named Baligh who was expelled and imprisoned in another region. They escaped from the prison with the help of a police officer. They coincidentally meet Sarhan while escaping. Then Sarhan leads Baligh to their strange tree which can be considered the focal point of all the critical events in the novel.
At the tree, Baligh meets a group of strange and intriguing group of friends only to form the weirdest relationships with them which lead them on further adventures. The origins of the protagonist is later on revealed, which the author uses to embody the troubled and inconsistent personality.
This novel dives deep into the human spirit and sends many messages that can be interpreted. It also deals with many topics such as sadism, fate, sacrifice, and friendship.
Review
According to critics, the novel did not utilize the traditional artistic performance, but rather went beyond such a limitation by benefiting from the new art forms of the novel genre. Its reality achieved through the fictional depiction of the experience, which went out to freer and more comprehensive spaces of creativity through the indefinite possibilities of language and its realms. The events in the novel contain reality as an idea and embodiment to launch it into narrated convictions that hold
.
References
1996 novels
Arabic-language novels
Syrian novels
The Treaty with Morocco was signed on September 16, 1836 (3 Jumada II, A.H. 1252), between the United States of America and Morocco under the 'Alawid dynasty. Submitted to the Senate December 26, 1836. (Message of December 20, 1836.) Resolution of advice and consent January 17, 1837. Ratified by the United States January 28, 1837.
Treaty
The treaty was a permanent treaty in the history of the United States and is considered the oldest treaty of its kind in its history with foreign countries. This treaty resulted the United States not recognising the French protectorate in Morocco. Despite the repeated request of France, it did not recognise the protectorate until it entered World War I on October 20, 1917.
The agreement included 25 articles dealing with various topics:
Residence of citizens of the two countries.
Freedom of trade.
System of ships in ports and on the high seas.
Adjusting transactions during the war between the two parties.
Observe neutrality in an event of war between the two parties and another foreign country.
See also
List of treaties
Treaty with Tripoli (1805)
Treaty with Algiers (1815)
Treaty with Tunis (1824)
External links
Text of the Treaty
References
Barbary Wars
Tunis
Morocco–United States relations
1836 treaties
Treaties of Morocco
Callitriche cophocarpa is a species of flowering plant native to Europe, Russia, and Northern Africa.
References
cophocarpa
Flora of Africa
Flora of Asia
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1854
Semiconductor lasers or laser diodes play an important part in our everyday lives by providing cheap and compact-size lasers. They consist of complex multi-layer structures requiring nanometer scale accuracy and an elaborate design. Their theoretical description is important not only from a fundamental point of view, but also in order to generate new and improved designs. It is common to all systems that the laser is an inverted carrier density system. The carrier inversion results in an electromagnetic polarization which drives an electric field . In most cases, the electric field is confined in a resonator, the properties of which are also important factors for laser performance.
Gain medium
In semiconductor laser theory, the optical gain is produced in a semiconductor material. The choice of material depends on the desired wavelength and properties such as modulation speed. It may be a bulk semiconductor, but more often a quantum heterostructure. Pumping may be electrically or optically (disk laser). All these structures can be described in a common framework and in differing levels of complexity and accuracy.
Light is generated in a semiconductor laser by radiative recombination of electrons and holes. In order to generate more light
by stimulated emission than is lost by absorption, the system's population density has to be inverted, see the article on lasers. A laser is, thus, always a high carrier density system that entails many-body interactions. These cannot be taken into account exactly because of the high number of particles involved. Various approximations can be made:
Free carrier model: In simple models, many-particle interactions are often neglected. The carrier plasma is then simply seen as a reservoir which relaxes the carrier distributions. However, the many body interactions is necessary to produce the correct linewidth. Therefore, at the free carrier level a scattering time has to be introduced phenomenologically, usually extracted from experiment, but will change with carrier density and temperature. Simple models for the gain coefficient are often used to obtain a system of laser diode rate equations, enabling one to dynamically calculate the time-dependent laser response. An expression for the free-carrier gain is given in the article on semiconductor optical gain.
Hartree Fock approximation: To describe an interacting carrier system at any density, the semiconductor Bloch equations (SBEs) may be employed. These may be solved in the Hartree–Fock approximation. In this case, carrier–carrier interaction leads to renormalisation terms for band structure and electric field. The collision terms, i.e., the terms describing carrier–carrier scattering, still do not occur and have to be introduced phenomenologically using a relaxation time or T2-time for the polarization.
Correlation effects: Taking the collision terms into account explicitly requires a large numerical effort, but can be done with state-of-the-art computers. Technically speaking, the collision terms in the semiconductor Bloch equations are included in second-Born approximation. This microscopic model has the advantage of having predictive character, i.e., it yields the correct linewidth for any temperature or excitation density. In the other models, the relaxation time has to be extracted from experiment, but depends on the actual parameters meaning the experiment has to be redone for any temperature and excitation intensity.
The above-mentioned models yield the polarization of the gain medium. From this, the absorption or gain may be calculated via
where denotes the photon energy, is the background refractive index, is the vacuum speed of light, and are the vacuum permittivity and background dielectric constant, respectively, and is the electric field present in the gain medium. "" denotes the imaginary part of the quantity in brackets. The above formula can be derived from Maxwell's equations.
The figure shows a comparison of the calculated absorption spectra for high density where absorption becomes negative (gain) and low density absorption for the two latter theoretical approaches discussed. The differences in lineshape for the two theoretical approaches are obvious especially for the high carrier density case which applies to a laser system. The Hartree–Fock approximation leads to absorption below the bandgap (below about 0.94 eV), which is a natural consequence of the relaxation time approximation, but is completely unphysical. For the low density case, the T2-time approximation also overestimates the strength of the tails.
Laser resonator
A resonator is usually part of a semiconductor laser. Its effects have to be taken into account in the calculation. Therefore, the eigenmode expansion of the electric field is done not in plane waves but in the eigenmodes of the resonator which may be calculated, e.g., via the transfer-matrix method in planar geometries; more complicated geometries often require the use of full Maxwell-equations solvers (finite-difference time-domain method). In the laser diode rate equations, the photon lifetime enters instead of the resonator eigenmodes. In this approximative approach, may be calculated from the resonance mode and is roughly proportional to the strength of the mode within the cavity. Fully microscopic modeling of laser emission can be performed with the semiconductor luminescence equations where the light modes enter as an input. This approach includes many-body interactions and correlation effects systematically, including correlations between quantized light and the excitations of the semiconductor. Such investigations can be extended to studying new intriguing effects emerging in semiconductor quantum optics.
See also
Semiconductor Bloch equations
Semiconductor luminescence equations
Semiconductor optical gain
Coherent effects in semiconductor optics
Quantum-optical spectroscopy
Lasers
Laser spectroscopy
Nonlinear theory of semiconductor lasers
References
Further reading
Semiconductor lasers
Melynda Jarratt is a Canadian historian, author and founder of the Canadian War Brides Website. Them research focuses on Canadian war brides of World War II. Them literary works and website aim to draw together the various components of Canadian war bride history.
Biography
Born in 1961 in Bathurst, New Brunswick, they obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in history from the University of New Brunswick in 1986 and wrote their master's thesis in 1995 on New Brunswick War brides. They appear frequently in the Canadian media as an expert on various historical subjects. Most notably, Immigration to Canada and Canadian nationality law affecting the descendants of war brides, Scottish Highlands and Islands during WWII. Jarratt aims to actively spread awareness on current Celtic and community affairs in New Brunswick, while concurrently working as the executive director of the Fredericton Region Museum.
Bibliography
Voices of the Left Behind (2005), Dundurn Press
War Brides : The Stories of the Women Who Left Everything Behind to Follow the Men They Loved (2007), Dundurn Press
Captured Hearts : New Brunswick's War Brides (2008), Goose Lane Editions
Letters From Beauly (2016), Goose Lane Editions
References
External links
Canadian War Brides Website
Dundurn Press Author Page
New Brunswick Author Portal
1961 births
Living people
Canadian women non-fiction writers
People from Bathurst, New Brunswick
20th-century Canadian historians
Writers from New Brunswick
Canadian women historians
20th-century Canadian women writers
Baltoscandal is an international theatre festival, which every two year takes place in Estonia. It is the biggest and oldest international theatre festival in Estonia.
First festival took place in 1990 in Pärnu. The festival was found by Von Krahl Theatre and Rakvere Theatre. Since 1994, the festival take place in Rakvere.
References
External links
Theatre festivals
Theatre in Estonia
Li Chunyu (; Pinyin: Li Chūnyù) (born October 9, 1986, in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese former professional football player who played as a midfielder.
Club career
Li Chunyu began their professional football career with Chinese Super League club Shenyang Ginde where they would make their league debut against Liaoning Zhongyu on October 31, 2004, in a 3–1 defeat. They would gradually establish themselves as regular within the center of their midfield and when the club decided to move to Changsha and rename themselves Changsha Ginde F.C. they would join them. By the 2007 league season they would become an integral member of their team and go on to score their first league goal on March 19, against Shanghai Shenhua in a 1–1 draw.
In January 2010 they moved abroad to Europe to play for Serbian top tier club FK Rad where they would go on to make their league debut on March 14, 2010, against OFK Beograd in a 3–2 defeat. During their time at the club they would receive very little playing time and was released at the end of the season. As a free agent they would transfer to K-League side Gangwon FC in July 2010 and would go on to make their league debut against Ulsan Hyundai on August 7, 2010, in a 2–2 draw. Despite only joining the club halfway through their league campaign they would go on to make seven league appearances by the end of the season.
Li would return to China and signed with Shaanxi Zhongjian Chanba playing in the Chinese Super League, with a club renamed a year later to Guizhou Renhe. Their return to China would see them quickly establish themselves as a regular with their club and go on to win their first piece of silverware with the 2013 Chinese FA Cup.
On 4 January 2015, Li transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Shijiazhuang Yongchang. The following season they were unfortunately part of the team that was relegated at the end of the 2016 Chinese Super League season. They would remain with Shijiazhuang within the second tier until they won promotion back into the Chinese top tier when they came runners-up at the end of the 2019 league campaign.
International career
As a youngster they were part of China national under-17 football team and was considered good enough to take part in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship where they played in all of China's games during the tournament. Their time within the Chinese set-up didn't really go much further until they gained regular playing time with Gangwon FC and it was only once they achieved this they were given their senior debut in a friendly against Latvia on November 17, 2010, in a 1–0 victory for China.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
Honours
Club
Guizhou Renhe
Chinese FA Cup: 2013
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2014
References
External sources
Their arrival at FK Rad official site
Profile at Srbijafudbal
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Shenyang
Association football midfielders
Chinese footballers
China international footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Changsha Ginde players
Beijing Renhe F.C. players
FK Rad players
Gangwon FC players
Cangzhou Mighty Lions F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
K League 1 players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
The 1913 Mississippi College Collegians football team represented Mississippi College in the 1913 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
Ramrachathirat (, ) was a king of Ayutthaya, an ancient kingdom in Thailand.
A son of Ramesuan and member of the House of Uthong, they succeeded their father to the throne of Ayutthaya in 1393. They reigned until 1395 when they were deposed in a coup by Inracha, their uncle from the House of Suphannaphum. This coup marked the end of Lawo-Ayothaya clan and the rise of Suphannaphum clan, which would rule over Ayutthaya for almost two hundred years.
Historical sources vary in relation to the fate of the dethroned monarch. Some say they were banished. Some say they were executed.
Name
 They are merely known as Ram (; "Rāma") in most historical sources, including the Bradley Chronicle, the British Museum Chronicle, LP, the Phan Channumat Chronicle, the Phonnarat Chronicle, and the Royal Autograph Chronicle.
VV, a Dutch document written by Jeremias Van Vliet in 1640 CE, refers to them as Prae Rhaem (; "Divine Rāma").
But modern documents often refer to them as Ramracha (; "Rāma the Lord") or Ramrachathirat (; "Rāma the Supreme Lord of Lords"). The latter is the name accepted by the Historical Revision Commission of Thailand ().
Early life and ascension to the throne
All historical sources state that Ram was a son of Ramesuan, a king of the Ayutthaya Kingdom from the House of Uthong.
Ramesuan gained the throne in 750 LE (1931 BE, 1388/89 CE) after carrying out a violent coup against Thong Lan, a young son of their maternal uncle, Boromrachathirat I from the House of Suphannaphum.
According to LP, Ram succeeded to the throne of Ayutthaya upon the demise of their father, Ramesuan, in 757 LE (1938 BE, 1395/96 CE).
VV says Ram was 21 years of age when they ascended the throne. Based on this information, they were possibly born in 718 LE (1899 BE, 1356/57 CE).
VV describes Ram as having "low intelligence" (), saying they made a poor decision by sending Inracha, a relative of Thong Lan, to rule the principality of Suphan Buri, allowing them to accumulate power that would enable them to oust Ram from the throne in the future. The document also says that, throughout their reign, Ram had no accomplishment worth mentioning.
Foreign relations
China
Chinese documents say, during the reign of Ram, the royal court of Ayutthaya sent its first envoy to China in 1940 BE (1397/98 CE).
However, China gave more importance to Inracha, Ram's relative who ruled Suphan Buri. Inracha had personal relationship with the Chinese imperial court and once visited the country in 1920 BE (1377/78 CE). The imperial court of China even honoured them as king. This made Ram grow suspicious of him.
The third treasure fleet sent by China to Southeast Asia arrived in Ayutthaya in 1410 CE, perfectly around the time Inracha staged a coup against Ram. Historian Suchit Wongthet (สุจิตต์ วงษ์เทศ) believed the fleet, which was led by Admiral Zheng He, was sent for political purposes, probably to support Inracha as a new monarch of Ayutthaya, so that Ayutthaya would become a dependency of China.
Sukhothai
The northern kingdom of Sukhothai appears to have been a vassal state of Ayutthaya for a period of time during the reign of Ram. A surviving stele, Inscription 38 (), erected in 1940 BE (1397/98 CE), contains a criminal law which Ayutthaya imposed upon Sukhothai, indicating the vassal status of Sukhothai. This inscription is the only known legislative text engraved on stone emanating from any of the Southeast Asian kingdoms and remains a document of peculiar importance for the study of the legal history of the region.
Historical documents from Northern Thailand state that King Mahathammaracha III of Sukhothai marched their royal army to assist Lord Yi Kum Kam () in seizing the throne of Lan Na from King Sam Fang Kaen (). The event took place in 1945 BE (1402/03 CE), according to Jinakālamālī. Historian Prasert na Nagara () expressed the opinion that this means Sukhothai had already been independent from Ayutthaya by that time.
Removal from the throne
In 771 LE (1952 BE, 1409/10 CE), Ram was removed from the throne of Ayutthaya by their relative, Inracha, the ruler of Suphan Buri. According to LP, Inracha staged a coup against Ram at the initiative of a person called chao senabodi (). Ram was in conflict with chao senabodi and ordered their arrest. Having fled to Patha Khu Cham (), chao senabodi persuaded Inracha to bring troops from Suphan Buri to Ayutthaya and seize the throne. Inracha succeeded in their enterprise, became king of Ayutthaya, and banished Ram to Patha Khu Cham. Ram remained there until their death, of which the date and time are not known.
As the literal interpretation of the term chao senabodi gave various outcomes, historian Damrong Rajanubhab believed it refers to a military commander. Piyanat Bunnak () from the Royal Society of Thailand expressed the opinion that they were a chancellor (prime minister).
In documents produced during the Bangkok era, chao senabodi is referred to by the title of the chancellor for military affairs, Chao Phraya Mahasenabodi (), despite the fact that such title did not yet exist at their time.
The Minor Wars Chronicle states that Ram was just banished because Inracha did not want to kill their own relative.
VV gives a slightly different piece of information regarding the coup, stating that after Ram had reigned in Ayutthaya for three years, Inracha marched their troops in from Suphan Buri (written Soupanna Boury in the document), successfully seized the throne of Ayutthaya, and put Ram to death.
The Magadhi Chronicle and the Buddhist Councils Chronicle also state that Inracha did have Ram executed.
This coup was part of a series of conflicts between the royal houses of Uthong (of which Ram was a member) and Suphannaphum (to which Inracha belonged). The two clans had long struggled with each other for the throne of Ayutthaya. But the victory of Inracha on this occasion would allow Suphannaphum to remain in power over the Kingdom of Ayutthaya for almost the next two centuries.
Notes
References
Bibliography
14th-century monarchs in Asia
15th-century monarchs in Asia
Executed monarchs
Kings of Ayutthaya
Leaders ousted by a coup
Uthong Dynasty
Year of death missing
Princes of Ayutthaya
14th-century Thai people
15th-century Thai people
Peter Bosworth Kirkwood Gracey (12 December 1921 – 13 September 2006) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer.
The son of Hugh Malcolm Kirkwood Gracey, a soldier in the British Indian Army, and Elsie Marian Bosworth, they were born in British India at Bannu in December 1921. They were educated in England at Wellington College. Gracey served in the Second World War with the Royal Engineers, being commissioned as a second lieutenant in June 1942. While serving in India, they made their debut in first-class cricket for the Europeans cricket team against the Indians at Madras in a 1945–46 Madras Presidency Match.
Returning to England after the war, they went up to Brasenose College, Oxford as a Heath Harrison Exhibitioner in 1946. While studying at Oxford, they made four appearances in first-class cricket for Oxford University, playing three matches in 1947 and a single match in 1948. They scored 176 runs in first-class cricket, with their highest score of 61 coming for the Europeans. They were later a member of the Worshipful Company of Wax Chandlers. Gracey died at Rye in September 2006.
References
External links
1921 births
2006 deaths
People from Bannu District
People educated at Wellington College, Berkshire
Royal Engineers officers
British Army personnel of World War II
English cricketers
Europeans cricketers
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Oxford University cricketers
Jerry Krause is an American pilot who served for 22 years with Mission Aviation Fellowship as a missionary in Mali and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, after which they remained in Mali to work for the Sahel Aviation Service.
On April 7, 2013, Krause's plane was reported missing off the coast of West Africa, near São Tomé. Their disappearance generated national press coverage, as well as a social media and Internet-based campaign to locate him.
Life
Jerry Krause was born in Waseca, Minnesota, to Richard and Clarice Krause. Their wife Gina was born in Wabash, Indiana; they married in 1982. In 1996, the couple moved to Mali with their three children, to serve as missionaries with the Mission Aviation Fellowship (MAF). Their children grew up in Mali, later returning to the United States for college.
After MAF pulled out of Mali in 2009, Jerry and Gina continued to live there, working for Bamako-based Sahel Aviation Service, a commercial air charter company that provides flight service throughout West Africa.
Disappearance
On April 7, 2013, Krause was in Johannesburg, South Africa, where their twin-engine Beechcraft 1900C 17-passenger airplane had finished undergoing maintenance and refurbishing. On their return trip, they landed in Ondangwa, Namibia to refuel. They departed from there at 10:20 am, intending to go to São Tomé, then Accra, Ghana, and arrive back in Bamako, Mali at 8:00 pm.
Krause's last check-in with the control tower was at 4:13 pm. They may have been 20 minutes away from São Tomé International Airport when their plane disappeared. They were the only person on board.
Investigation
According to the Krause family, São Tomé aviation officials did not follow proper protocol, and waited 24 hours before reporting the plane's disappearance. The family filed a missing persons report with the National Transportation Safety Board and the South African Civil Aviation Authority, after which military personnel joined the search. U.S. senators also requested assistance from the State Department and Department of Defense.
No wreckage was found, leading the family to believe that Krause was ambushed or kidnapped after being forced to land in hostile territory. They started an internet-based campaign to spread awareness of the situation and to aid in the search, and offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to Krause's discovery.
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
External links
Find Jerry Facebook page
Newsweek article Sept 2017
2010s missing person cases
American Christian missionaries
American expatriates in Mali
American expatriates in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Christian missionaries in Mali
Christian missionaries in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Missing aviators
Missing person cases in Africa
People from Waseca, Minnesota
Grzegorz Halama (born 2 January 1970 in Świdwin) is a Polish parodist, and cabaret actor. In 1995 they initiated Grzegorz Halama Oklasky, a Polish cabaret.  They are a graduate of technikum elektryczno-elektroniczne (Electrical-electronic Technical College) and actor study L'Art Studio in Kraków.
Actor merchandise
Movies
1997: Robin Hood - czwarta strzała – rich person
1999: Sprawa honoru
1999: Dr Jekyll i mr Hyde według wytwórni A'Yoy – man in cabaret "Biedronka"
2000: Umiesz tak?
2000: W obronie kobiety
2002: Nakręceni – Bogdan
2002: Taki los
2005: Kolska
2008: Nie kłam kochanie - Iza's Husband
2009: Gwiazdy w czerni - astronomer
2010: Polskie gówno - Czesław Skandal
TV Theaters
2003: Pielgrzymi – driver
Dubbing
2004: RRRrrrr!!! – Zapowiadacz Nocy
2005: Emilia - narrator
2007: 7 krasnoludków: Las to za mało - historia jeszcze prawdziwsza – dwarf Knedel
2007: Było sobie porno – various voices
Series
2005–2009: Niania - pharmacist (episode 86 Wszystko zostaje w rodzinie, episode Teges-smeges (first episode of season 9), episode 103 Pechowa wysypka)
2008–2009: 39 i pół - valet (season 2, episode 11)
2010: Na dobre i na złe - hospitably, various roles: patient; police officer
Spadkobiercy
Since 13 March 2010: Tylko nas dwoje (Polish version of Just The Two of Us)
Movie director
1999: Archetypowy ojciec
1999: Sprawa honoru
2000: Umiesz tak?
2002: Hepi Lord
2002: Taki los
2002: Igry nocne
2002: Choroba
Scenarist
1999: Sprawa honoru
1999: Archetypowy ojciec
2000: Umiesz tak?
Photos
2000: Umiesz tak?
Film editing
2000: Umiesz tak?
TV programs
2007–2008 Clever - widzisz i wiesz - professor
Tylko nas dwoje
Parody songs
Śpiworki (from these songs there is well-known citation in Polish: Ja wiedziałem, że tak będzie)
Radio programs
Żule i bandziory - with Jarosław Jaros, in radio Trójka, every week at 8.48 in program Urywki Z Rozrywki. They play Pan Józek, chickens breeder from Chociule.
Personal life
Halama's girlfriend is Jania Dobosz. Earlier Grzegorz Halama was with their wife Dorota Halama, but they separated.
Grzegorz Halama has 2 children, daughter Anna and son Piotr.
References
External links
http://www.filmweb.pl/person/Grzegorz+Halama-132242
Polish male actors
Polish stand-up comedians
Living people
1970 births
People from Świdwin
Nadarajah Selvarajah () (b. October 20, 1954, Jaffna) is a Sri Lankan librarian, writer and bibliographer. Selvarajah has written more than 43 books until June 2017. So far they have compiled 11 volumes of Nool thettam - a bibliography of Tamil books. They have also compiled a bibliography of Tamil publications in various countries such as Malaysia and Singapore (Malaysian-Singapore Noolthettam). They have also compiled a volume of Noolthettam in English, which contains English publications of Sri Lankan Tamils.
Selvarajah was born in Dandugama in Colombo District in 1954, and moved to Anaikoddai in Jaffna in their early 16's. They had their early education in Negombo, Vivekananda Maha Vidyalayam and St. Mary's College. Their career began in 1976 as a librarian at Ramanathan College, Chunnakam in Sri Lanka. And then served as the Central Librarian for the Sarvodaya Shramadana Movement in the Jaffna District. During 1981-82 they served for a year in Indonesia under the United Nations Development Programme, where they organised a Model Rural Community Library System for that country in the Village Marengmang near the provincial capital, Bandung, in the Island of Java. In 1983 they became the Chief Librarian at the Evelyn Rutnam Institute for Inter-Cultural Studies affiliated to the Jaffna College. In 1990 they became an advisor to the Department of Hindu Culture under the Ministry of Cultural Affairs in Sri Lanka. Since 1991 Mr. Selvarajah is a consultant to the Jaffna Public Library.
Selvarajah currently lives in Luton with their family. They have retired from the Postal Services (Royal mail Group UK) after 18 years of Services in March 2017.  They are the founder of the charity European Tamil Documentation and Research Centre (ETDRC) in the United Kingdom in 2009.  They are an active member, and Sri Lankan representative of the Books Abroad, Scotland service, through which has freely provided books to libraries in Sri Lanka. In 2017 they were awarded, the UK Informed Peer Recognition Award (IPRA).  They are the first Sri Lankan who has received this prestigious award for their services to the Community, and the Country as a professional librarian.
Source
Noolthettam information booklet (In Tamil and English)
Tamil-language writers
1954 births
Living people
Sri Lankan emigrants to the United Kingdom
Sri Lankan Hindus
British people of Sri Lankan Tamil descent
British Hindus
Zi Corporation was a software company based in Calgary, Canada. The company was founded on 4 December 1987 as Cancom Ventures Inc, owning an Edmonton secretarial college and an industrial equipment rental business. On 30 August 1989 the name was changed to Multi-Corp Inc. In 1993, board member Michael Lobsinger took control of the company, became CEO, and turned the company towards the telecommunications industry, purchasing several privately held companies involved in the telecommunications businesses, and in November 1993, Multi-Corp entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Eric Chappell for a stroke-based Chinese text entry system which they referred to as the Jiejing Licenses. A wholly owned subsidiary, Ziran Developments Inc, was formed to handle the Chinese text entry business.
The company was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange on 9 June 1995 (symbol MCU). Under Lobsinger, the strategic importance of the Chinese text entry grew, and Ziran was renamed Zi Corporation in 1996; Zi meaning character in Chinese.
The telecommunications businesses were disposed of by 1997 In June 1997, the parent company was renamed Zi Corporation to reflect the importance of the new business. In 1999, co-founder Gary Kovacs joined as COO.
Having started with Chinese on personal computers, toward the end of the 1990s Zi's focus moved to text entry for all languages for mobile phones and other handheld devices, where efficient entry of text traditionally has been challenging due to limitations of a physically small device. This new business area was quickly quite successful, especially in the Chinese market, and in 1998 Zi entered into licensing agreements with Ericsson (later Sony Ericsson), who at that time was a very significant player in the Chinese market. Further license agreements with Ericsson and other companies were to follow, for a total of more than 1000 different device models being shipped with Zi text entry software,
in more than 100 million devices.
The introduction of touch screen technology for mobile devices made the company follow up with software for handwriting recognition, with focus on languages such as Chinese and Japanese.
In 2003, Mike Donnell took over as CEO from Lobsinger.
Zi Corporation was listed on NASDAQ from September 2007 .
Text entry on devices with limited number of keys was early subject to a number of software patents, and Zi was engaged in several costly patent disputes with Tegic Corporation, later Nuance Communications.
In August 2008, Nuance made a takeover bid to acquire the company for a million, which the company declined. Shortly thereafter, Nuance filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Zi. The company was finally acquired by Nuance for a million on 26 February 2009, and the acquisition was completed on 9 April 2009.
Products
Zi's main product was EZiText predictive text entry software, in competition with solutions such as the original T9 product from Tegic, later Nuance.
Other products include eZiType, a predictive text entry product for mobile email users, for keyboard-based mobile devices, Qix, a service discovery engine that provides a quick and easy method for accessing a phone's features, applications, and services, and Decuma which delivers an input method for pen-based devices by fusing handwriting recognition with predictive text technology.
Patent war
There was a series of patent infringement lawsuits between Tegic, the holder of the T9 patents, and Zi:
A patent infringement lawsuit by Zi against Tegic, filed in the District Court in Seattle for Japanese and Chinese character-based text input technologies was dismissed in September 1999.
In February 2002, the District Court for Northern California granted Zi a partial summary judgment that eZiText for alphabetic does not infringe on Tegic's patents.
In March 2002, the Federal District Court for the Western District of Washington granted Zi partial summary judgment stating that eZiText for alphabetic languages does not infringe Tegic's text input patents.
In September 2002, the U.S. District Court for Northern California awarded Tegic, owned by AOL Time Warner, a million in damages for Zi's infringement of two Tegic patents. Zi's claim that the two Tegic patents were based on existing methods of inputting Chinese ideographic characters were rejected.
In August 2008 Nuance filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Zi in the Federal Court in Toronto, Canada, where Nuance accuses Zi of infringing Canadian Patent Numbers 2,399,961 and 2,278,549, each entitled "Reduced Keyboard Disambiguating System.
Other controversies
In 1995 the company sold stock to the wives of Alberta Premier Ralph Klein and their chief of staff Rod Love well below market value, with no payment required until they sold them. Klein had participated in a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the company's Hong Kong office while Love served as a company director. Klein was later cleared of wrongdoing in a decision by Alberta's Ethics Commissioner Bob Clark, although this decision was controversial.
In 1998, Eric Chappell receives 4.5 million shares as compensation for transfer of all rights of the Jiejing Licenses to Zi. 3 million shares, representing 11.5% of the shares, are sold to Lancer Funds without disclosure, as is required by law.
In 2003, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission froze the assets of Lancer Group, a hedge fund investment management firm, when it discovered it owned 49.1% of Zi's shares, far beyond the 10% limit requiring disclosure. This was suspected to be for market manipulation, and the Lancer assets were taken over by an appointed receiver. Zi entered into a settlement agreement with the SEC.
References
External links
http://www.zicorp.com/ Original website on Wayback Machine
XBRL Voluntary Filing Program entries for Zi Corporation
Companies established in 1987
Defunct software companies of Canada
Mobile software
The rufous-tailed fantail (Rhipidura phoenicura) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to Java in Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
rufous-tailed fantail
Birds of Java
rufous-tailed fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Schweisweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Historic buildings and monuments
There are ten historic buildings in Schweisweiler, including four wood beamed houses dating from the 1780s, the village church, and the local community hall. There are five additional monuments within the local area that are within a moderate walking distance. The historic buildings and a local area map showing the monuments are included on an informational board on the street across from the community hall.
Museum
Leo's Tenne is both a museum and a meeting place with seating for up to 50 people. The museum has tools and equipment on display that show crafts prevalent in the local area over 100 years ago. Of interest are the agricultural, foundry and blacksmithing tools that can still be used to demonstrate early craftsmanship. Tours are mostly given during the warmer days of the year. The proprietor and owner, Mr. Leo Dörr, can be contacted to arrange tours and to provide explanations of any items found in the museum's collection.
Clubs
The Fishing Club (Fischerverein) promotes fishing within the community.
The Exercise Club (Turnverein) holds gymnastic and exercise classes for young children, has separate men's/women's exercise classes.
The Gun Club (Schützenverein) has a wide variety of sport shooting activities. Activities range from air rifle to large caliber shooting on a 50-meter range.
The Soccer Fan Club (Betzedeivel) supports the region's professional soccer team the 1st Football Club Kaiserslautern (1FCK), better known as the "Red Devils".
The Volunteer Fire Department Supporters (Freiwillig Feuerwehr Förderverein) brings together supporters of the volunteer fire department, holds fund-raising events, and provides fire fighting protective gear at no cost to volunteer firefighters.
Religion
The village has a Catholic church with services held on Sundays and holidays. Protestant services are held in the local community hall.
Theater
The village has a theater group made mostly up of local people. Plays involving current social themes are intertwined with the local dialect to produce region-specific social commentary. Performances are held in the village community hall once a year, four times (over two weekends) to sold-out audiences.
Nature
The village is located in a valley with walking areas on each side of the valley. The south side of the village has a nature trail (Naturlehrpfad) with signs detailing specific types of trees and vegetation. There are several information posters and learning experiments along the approximate trail.
Business
There is one locally-run bakery (Bäckerei Haas) open every day but Sunday.
There are two holiday (vacation) houses for rent. These vacation houses are used by both tourists and locals since the affordable prices are ideal for vacations or lodging visiting guests.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The Latvia national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Latvia and is controlled by the Latvian Motorcyclists Federation. The team was withdrawn from 2006 Under-21 World Cup and was nevert started in Under-21 World Cup.
Competition
See also
Latvia national speedway team
Latvia national under-19 speedway team
External links
(lv) Latvian Motorcyclists Federation webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Team
Beethoven Algar (28 May 1894 – 28 November 1989), commonly known as Beet, was a New Zealand rugby union player. A back who played in any position from first five-eighth to wing, Algar represented Wellington at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1920 and 1921. They played six matches for the All Blacks, including one as captain, but did not appear in any internationals.
Following the death of Bill Francis in 1981, Algar was the oldest living All Black.
Early life
Beethoven Algar was born on 28 May 1894 in Wellington, New Zealand, the son of Clara Doris (née Hoskin; 9 November 1860 – 5 April 1928) and Albert Eric Algar (1845 – 19 August 1909). Algar was the fourth of five children. Algar was named after German composer Ludwig van Beethoven by their musical mother. They also had an older brother Haydn, named after Austrian composer Joseph Haydn.
Algar's family originally lived on Taranaki Street in Wellington until their parents separated in 1901. They moved with their father and siblings to the Wellington suburb of Worser Bay.
Prior to the outbreak of the First World War, they worked for their brother as a joinery apprentice in Kilbirnie. They also played club rugby for Poneke.
Early rugby career
Algar made their debut for Wellington in 1914 as a 20 year old. They scored a try and a drop goal in their challenge of Taranaki for the Ranfurly Shield, which Wellington won 12–6. They continued to play for Wellington in 1915 before joining the Wellington Mounted Rifles in August 1915.
Military service
On 13 November 1915 Algar departed New Zealand with the 8th Reinforcements heading for Egypt, arriving there on 18 December 1915. Their responsibility in Egypt was to look after a number of the horses that were part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Seeking more action in the war effort, they transferred to the Imperial Camel Corps in July 1916. They also acted as a bodyguard and escort for T.E. Lawrence. They eventually reached the rank of sergeant with the Imperial Camel Corps. Algar fought in the Battle of Magdhaba on 23 December 1916 and the Battle of Rafa on 9 January 1917.
Algar then took part in three battles around Gaza, getting wounded in the buttock on 30 November 1917. They were evacuated to Cairo by camel, nine days before Jerusalem was captured. Their wound became infected but they were able to avoid amputation. While recovering at Port Said rest camp they were declared no longer fit for active service, invalidating them home to New Zealand. They were discharged from the army on 27 November 1918.
Return to New Zealand
After returning home, Algar worked with their brother running a building company in Kilbirnie. They also returned to playing rugby with Poneke and Wellington in 1919. They helped Wellington defend the Ranfurly Shield in 1919 and 1920 and was selected for the All Blacks for there 1920 tour of Australia.
Algar made their debut for New Zealand on 10 July 1920 in a pre-tour match against Auckland at Eden Park, which was drawn 11–11. Algar scored a try in the game. They also captained the All Blacks for their first and only time in their next game against a combined Manawatu-Horowhenua-Wanganui team, which New Zealand won 39–0.
References
1894 births
1989 deaths
Rugby union players from Wellington City
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Wellington rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Rugby union fly-halves
New Zealand military personnel of World War I
Rugby union wings
Reece James (born 8 December 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for club Chelsea and the England national team.
James joined the Chelsea academy as a youth and turned professional in 2017, a season where they captained the under-18s to victory in the FA Youth Cup and was named Academy Player of the Season. A productive loan spell with Wigan Athletic of the Championship saw them promoted to the Chelsea first team upon their return in 2019, after which they began to establish themselves as a regular fixture at right-back and earn a long-term contract extension in January 2020.
After representing England at various youth levels, James was called up to the full international side for the first time in October 2020, earning their first cap against Wales.
Early life
James was born in Redbridge, Greater London, and attended Isleworth and Syon School.  They are from a family all involved in football. Their sister Lauren is also a professional footballer and signed for Chelsea Women in July 2021. Their father Nigel is a football coach.  They are of Jamaican descent through their father.
Club career
Early career
Chelsea
James began training with Chelsea at the age of six, but had a short spell at West London rivals Fulham when they were seven. They turned professional with Chelsea in March 2017. During the 2017–18 season they captained the under-18s to win the FA Youth Cup and was named Academy Player of the Season. They signed a new four-year contract with the club in June 2018.
2018–19 season: Loan to Wigan Athletic
Later that month they joined Championship club Wigan Athletic on loan for the 2018–19 season. They made their first-team debut on 4 August 2018, starting in Wigan's first game of the season, helping their side to a 3–2 home victory over Sheffield Wednesday. They scored their first goal for the Latics on 4 November, scoring the first goal with a free-kick in the 6th minute, in a 2–1 home loss to Leeds United. In March 2019, they were selected to the 2018–19 Championship Team of the Season. They won three awards at Wigan Athletic's end of season awards, including Player of the Year.
2019–20 season: First team Breakthrough
On 25 September 2019, James made their debut for Chelsea after returning from injury. They scored their first goal and assisted two in a 7–1 win over Grimsby Town in the third round of the 2019–20 EFL Cup. James became Chelsea's youngest ever goalscorer in the UEFA Champions League when they scored the fourth goal of their 4–4 comeback draw with Ajax on 5 November 2019. They signed a long-term contract extension with Chelsea on 16 January 2020.
2020–21 season: UEFA Champions League title
On 14 September 2020, James scored their first Premier League goal, in a 3–1 win for Chelsea against Brighton & Hove Albion. On 5 December, James made their 50th appearance for Chelsea in all competitions in the club's 3–1 league win over Leeds United.
In January 2021, James was subject to racist abuse online. In March 2021, they deleted their Instagram account in response to the abuse they received. On 29 May, James won their first-ever Champions League as Chelsea won 1–0 against Manchester City in the 2021 UEFA Champions League Final in Porto.
2021–22 season
On 28 August 2021, James was sent off at the end of the first half of a 1–1 draw against Liverpool due to a handball incident. They scored a second half brace in a 3–0 win over Newcastle United at St James' Park, on 30 October 2021. At the end of the season James was nominated for the PFA Men's Young Player of the Year award.
2022–23 season
On 5 September 2022, James signed a new six-year contract with Chelsea, committing to the club until 2028.
International career
Youth
James has represented England at youth level from under-18 up to under-21. In May 2017, James was included in the under-20 squad for the 2017 Toulon Tournament. They started in the final as England beat the Ivory Coast to retain their title. In July 2017, James was part of the under-19 squad that won the 2017 UEFA European Under-19 Championship. They started in the semi-final against the Czech Republic.
James was a member of the under-20 squad that travelled to the 2019 Toulon Tournament and was carried off on a stretcher with ankle ligament damage during the first half of the final group game defeat to Chile on 7 June 2019. On 4 October 2019, James was included in the under-21 squad for the first time. They made their under-21 debut during the 3–0 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification victory away to Albania on 15 November 2019.
Senior
On 5 October 2020, James was called up for the first time to the senior team by manager Gareth Southgate following an injury to Raheem Sterling. They made their debut on 8 October at Wembley Stadium, coming on as a 58th-minute substitute for Kieran Trippier in a 3–0 win over Wales. They were sent off for dissent after the final whistle in their second start, against Denmark. James was named in the 26-man England squad for Euro 2020. At Euro 2020, James started in the 0–0 draw against Scotland.
In November 2021, they said that they were in the best form of their career, and that they hoped to become England's first-choice right-back.
Personal life
In August 2020, James made a personal donation and posted a link on their social media accounts to a Crowdfunder site which was looking to boost Wigan's funds; in a bid to save their former loan club. They wrote in the post 'Come on let's help @laticsofficial out' in a bid to encourage others to follow.
In January 2021, Marcus Rashford praised James along with their fellow teammate Mason Mount for their "amazing" charitable work. James had spent the past 18 months volunteering with a London-based charity, The Felix Project. 5 months later, during Euro 2020 James announced they would be donating their Match Day shirt from England's game against Croatia in a drive to raise money for the charity.
Style of play
Their manager Thomas Tuchel described them as "strong and influential" during an interview with Chelsea TV. They had a wing-back partnership with Ben Chilwell at both club and international level.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Chelsea U18
U18 Premier League: 2016–17, 2017–18
FA Youth Cup: 2016–17, 2017–18
Chelsea
UEFA Champions League: 2020–21
UEFA Super Cup: 2021
FA Cup runner-up: 2019–20, 2020–21, 2021–22
EFL Cup runner-up: 2021–22
England U19
UEFA European Under-19 Championship: 2017
England U20
Toulon Tournament: 2017
England
UEFA European Championship runner-up: 2020
Individual
Chelsea Academy Player of the Year: 2017–18
Wigan Athletic Player of the Year: 2018–19
Wigan Athletic Player's Player of the Year: 2018–19
Wigan Athletic Goal of the Season: 2018–19
FA Cup Team of the Year: 2020–21
PFA Community Champion Award: 2020–21
References
External links
Profile at the Chelsea F.C. website
Profile at the Football Association website
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from the London Borough of Redbridge
English footballers
England youth international footballers
England under-21 international footballers
England international footballers
English sportspeople of Jamaican descent
Association football defenders
Fulham F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Wigan Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
Premier League players
FA Cup Final players
UEFA Champions League winning players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Black British sportspeople
The former First Church of Christ, Scientist, built in 1907, is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1443–1451 North Prospect Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by noted Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman, who designed at least a dozen other Christian Science churches across the country. On March 8, 1989, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Today it is occupied by 1451 Renaissance Place and is the venue for weddings and other social events as well as corporate events.
See also
First Church of Christ, Scientist (disambiguation)
List of former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings
References
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Neoclassical architecture in Wisconsin
Former Christian Science churches, societies and buildings in Wisconsin
Churches completed in 1907
20th-century Christian Science church buildings
Buildings and structures in Milwaukee
Solon Spencer Beman church buildings
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Milwaukee
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Matsuura was born in Kyoto on June 25, 1981. After playing at Júbilo Iwata youth team, they moved to Uruguayan club Peñarol in 2000. In 2001, they returned to Japan and joined J2 League club Ventforet Kofu. In 2002, they moved to Japan Football League (JFL) club Jatco. Although they played in 2 seasons, they could not play many matches and left the club end of 2003 season. After 1 year blank, they joined JFL club Denso and played many matches. From 2006, they played for Shizuoka FC (2006), Sagawa Printing (2007) and AC Nagano Parceiro (2008). They retired end of 2008 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Association football people from Kyoto Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Ventforet Kofu players
Jatco SC players
FC Kariya players
SP Kyoto FC players
AC Nagano Parceiro players
Association football defenders
The Australasian Association for Theatre, Drama and Performance Studies (ADSA), formerly the Australian Drama Studies Association, is an academic association promoting the study of theatre in New Zealand and Australia.
History
The Australian Drama Studies Association was established in 1977 by Philip Parsons (1926–1993), an academic in drama based at the University of New South Wales, known also for being a co-founder of the performing arts publishing company Currency Press.
The association changed its name in 1993, but kept the abbreviation of ADSA.
Publications and conferences
ADSA publishes a peer-reviewed journal, Australian Drama Studies, established in 1982. It also holds an annual conference.
Awards
ADSA awards a number of prizes, as well as life memberships. Notable life members include Lisa Warrington, Katharine Brisbane, Gareth Griffiths, and David O'Donnell.
Awards include:
Marlis Thiersch Prize – "for research excellence in an English-language article or book chapter published anywhere in the world in the broad field of theatre and performance studies"
Rob Jordan Prize – for "the best book on a theatre, drama or performance studies related subject published in the previous two years"
Joanne Tompkins Prize – for "excellence in book and journal editing", once every four years, starting in 2017
Peta Tait Prize – for "excellence in creative projects and scholarship achievement over time".
Flinders University AusStage Prize – "to recognise research excellence that utilises AusStage in articles, books, and non-traditional digital outputs"
Philip Parsons Prize
The Philip Parsons Prize for Performance as Research is "an annual Philip Parsons Prize for a senior student (honours or postgraduate) undertaking a Performance As Research (PAR) project". The inaugural award was given in 1995, but it has not been awarded every year since then. Prizewinners include:
2021 Michael Metzger (New Zealand)
2019 Margi Brown Ash (Griffith University)
2018 Alex Tálamo (University of New South Wales)
2017 Lynne Bradley (Queensland University of Technology) and David Joseph (University of New England) (joint winners)
2016 Suzie J. Jarmain (University of New England)
2015 Natasha Budd (Queensland University of Technology)
2014 Emily O'Connor (University of New South Wales)
2013 Teresa Izzard (Curtin University)
2011 Rachel Swain (Melbourne University)
2009 Ben Knapton (Queensland University of Technology)
2008 Leah Mercer (Queensland University of Technology)
2007 David Fenton (Queensland University of Technology)
2005 Liza-Mare Syron (University of Wollongong)
2004 Julie Robson (Queensland University of Technology)
2003 Amanda Lynch and Neal Harvey (University of Queensland)
2000 Michael Noble (Murdoch University)
1998 Sandra d'Urso (La Trobe)
1997 Cracka Theatre Company (University of Queensland)
1996 Stacey Callaghan (University of New England)
1995 Tim Benzie (University of Queensland)
References
External links
Australian performing arts awards
Performing arts education in Australia
1977 establishments in Australia
Spencer Baird Nichols (1875–1950) was an American portrait painter, illustrator and muralist. Nichols was born to Henry Hobart and Indiana Jay Nichols on February 13, 1875 in Washington, D.C., and attended the Corcoran School of Art. They died August 28, 1950 in Kent, Connecticut. While they received much recognition and was quite prolific in their time, much of their creative work was ultimately destroyed, lost or unattributed to him. What survives are a handful of easel paintings and some commercial work, particularly book illustrations and murals. More of their earliest works, signed with just the initials, SBN, may gradually come to public recognition with the help of publications such as this.
Early life and education
Nichols' father, Hobart Nichols, was a noted wood engraver who engraved the sketches in The History of North American Birds by Baird, Brewer and Ridgway. They named their son Spencer Baird Nichols after Spencer Fullerton Baird, a naturalist, prolific writer, and first curator of the National Museum at the Smithsonian. Spencer's brother, Henry Hobart Nichols Jr., was a landscape painter. The brothers both married artists and their descendants include painters.
Nichols' childhood was spent in Washington, D.C., and although they dropped out of school at age 11 in order to concentrate on their art, they went on to study under Howard Helmick and to attend the Corcoran School of Art and Design. They also took classes at the Art Students' League. They met their wife, Helen Agnes Mather, while serving as an instructor there.
In 1911 Nichols contracted to provide illustrations to the publishing house Frederick A. Stokes & Co. They also took a position designing stained glass windows and murals for Louis Comfort Tiffany Studios. With these steady incomes, they were able to marry Helen that year.
After marriage, Nichols and their wife moved to an artists' colony in Bronxville, New York. They had four children, Spencer Mather born 1912, Hobarth born 1915, Margaret in 1921 and Helen in 1924.
The Nichols' son Mather died in 1922 of typhoid, which led them to move to Kent, Connecticut, where they were among the founding members of another artist colony. According to the Kent Historical Society "The Kent Art Association was founded in 1923 by nine well established artists who knew each other when they lived in New York before moving to Kent: Rex Brasher, Elliot Clark, Floyd Clymer, F. Luis Mora, George Laurence Nelson, Spencer Nichols, Robert Nisbet, Williard Dryden Paddock and Frederick Waugh. Six were National Academicians."
The 1932 fire that destroyed the Nichols' uninsured home and studio in Kent consumed all of Nichols' paintings that were there at the time, which were many due to the Depression. The artist colony rallied to support the Nichols family and a new cottage was constructed for them.
Career
According to Nichols, they were devoted to art from "as far back as I can remember." At the age of 11 they left school to concentrate on painting and portraiture.
Nichols' works include a portrait of Speaker Andrew Stevenson which was completed in 1911 and hangs in the House of Representatives.
Asia held a significant interest to Nichols and they spent several years studying in Japan, China and a bit of Persia prior to a 1920 exhibit in the Madison Gallery. This exhibit has the only mention of a sculpture by Nichols "A carved plaster panel is finely coloured and has much the same decorative quality as their paintings" according to American Art News. That article describes some of the paintings, saying of Nichols "He is especially happy in their rendition of limpid and luminous blues. The Dance, showing two girls in rhythmic motion is Oriental in design, lines. and composition, and a rich colorful canvas. The Hall, which portrays a figure of a graceful woman an opalescent night light, is notable for the original motif and personal expression. The Pearl is imaginative, veiled in atmospheric, mysterious charm; The Mystery of India shows knowledge of the subject; Autumn Gold, presents a sweet-f aced girl, surrounded by rich Autumn foliage, a canvas handled with a reserve of color that blends harmoniously with the delicate beauty of the flesh. Throughout all the artist's work there is a decorative tendency…"
In 1923 Nichols was elected as a member of the National Academy of Design in New York and in 1933 Nichols was honored as an academician.
Much of their early work was destroyed in a fire in 1932 which Nichols documented through a painting "Rising Star" depicting themselves and their wife amidst the ashes of their home. In addition to the enormous personal and financial loss all of the paintings, artworks and their home and studio in the fire, documentation of their early works and patrons was also lost. Within the "Spencer Baird Nichols and Nichols Family Papers, 1870-1994" records at the Archives of American Art, Smithsonian Institution, there are lists of artworks that went to galleries for exhibit and sale after 1932 but no records of to whom their paintings were sold or gifted.
Out of financial necessity, in 1934, they became Director of Art at Marot Junior College in Thompson, Connecticut, a position they held until the school closed in 1941.
Connecticut Works Progress Administration (WPA) records state that Nichols "began working for the Connecticut WPA in 1936 and completed murals in Kent, Litchfield, and New Milford Schools. For the WPA, they completed 33 works that were allocated to Litchfield High School, Laurel Heights Sanatorium, Hartford Board of Park Commissioners, Long Lane Farm, New Haven Community Center, and the Connecticut State Farm for Women."
According to the New Milford Board of Education, Nichols completed two beautiful murals at the Lillis Administration building on the second and third floors.
Nichols died on August 28, 1950, in Kent, Connecticut following "a long illness" according to their obituary in the New York Times.
Illustrations
Spencer Baird Nichols illustrated several books published by the Frederick A. Stokes Company:
Christmas Stories, by Charles Dickens; illustrated by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1913] 5 p. l., 3-422 p. col. front., col. plates. 21 cm.
The Lord of Misrule, and Other Poems With frontispiece in colours by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1915] 184 p. col. front. 21 cm.
The Happy Prince, and Other Stories, by Oscar Wilde; illustrated by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1913] 204 p. illus. 21 cm.
At My Window; Hours with my Pigeons, by Ruth A. Johnstone; with frontispiece in colors by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1911] xiii, 114 p. col. front. 19 cm.
Grenstone Poems, a Sequence, by Witter Bynner ... With cover and frontispiece by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [c1917] xvi p., 307 illus. 21 cm.
The Spirit of Christmas, by Arthur H. Gleason; illustrated by Spencer Baird Nichols, published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York. [c1912] x, 81 p. col. front., illus. 19 cm.
The Little Hunchback Zia by Frances Hodgson Burnett with illustrations by Spencer Baird Nichols and W.T. Benda. published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1915].
Home and the Inner Life by Arthur H. Gleason with illustrations by Spencer Baird Nichols published by Frederick A. Stokes Co., New York [1914].
Awards
Corcoran Prize, Society of Washington Artists 1901
Two Ranger Fund Purchase Awards, 1928 and 1932
Altman Prize at the National Academy of Design 1931
References
Further reading
Austin, Robert Michael (2003) Artists of the Litchfield Hills The Mattatuck Historical Society, Waterbury, Conn.
Hill, Marilynn Wood (2008) Bronxville Artists & Friends: Legacies Past and Future Bronxville Historical Conservancy, Inc. Bronxville, NY.
Hoagland, Loretta (1992) Lawrence Park Bronxville's Turn-of-the-Century Artist Colony Lawrence Park Hilltop Association, Bronxville, NY.
1875 births
1950 deaths
American illustrators
Painters from Connecticut
American portrait painters
Federal Art Project artists
20th-century American painters
American male painters
George Washington University Corcoran School alumni
People from Kent, Connecticut
Sean Joseph Vanhorse (born July 22, 1968) is a former professional American football cornerback for five seasons for the San Diego Chargers, the Detroit Lions, and the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League. Their collegiate career was at Howard University.
Vanhorse is retired, and living in Alpharetta, Georgia with their wife Juliee and has two children, Sydne and Solomon. Solomon, is a running back at James Madison University.
References
1968 births
Living people
Players of American football from Baltimore
American football cornerbacks
Howard Bison football players
San Diego Chargers players
Detroit Lions players
Minnesota Vikings players
The 2012 elections for the Oregon Legislative Assembly determined the composition of both houses for the 77th Oregon Legislative Assembly. The Republican and Democratic primary elections were on May 15, 2012, and the general election was on November 6, 2012. Sixteen of the Oregon State Senate's 30 seats were up for election, as were all 60 seats of the Oregon House of Representatives.
In the Senate, the Democrats kept a 16–14 majority, identical to their advantage in the previous legislative session. In the House, Democrats took a 34–26 majority, up from a 30–30 split in the previous session.
Oregon Senate
In the previous session, Democrats controlled the Senate with a 16–14 majority. Of the 16 seats up for election, eight were previously held by Democrats, and eight by Republicans.
Open seats
District 2: Republican Jason Atkinson retired.
District 5: Democrat Joanne Verger retired.
District 27: Republican Chris Telfer was defeated in the District 27 primary by Tim Knopp, the vice president of the Central Oregon Builders Association and a former state Representative.
District 29: Republican David Nelson retired.
Results
House of Representatives
In the House, all 60 seats up for re-election. In the previous session, the house was evenly split between Democrats and Republicans, 30–30.
Open seats
District 9: Democrat Arnie Roblan won an open state senate seat in District 5.
District 10: Democrat Jean Cowan retired.
District 12: Democrat Terry Beyer retired.
District 26: Republican Matt Wingard won the Republican primary, but dropped their re-election bid following a scandal.
District 36: Democrat Mary Nolan ran unsuccessfully for a seat on the Portland City Council.
District 40: Democratic Dave Hunt ran unsuccessfully for chairperson of the Clackamas County Board of County Commissioners.
District 47: Democratic Jefferson Smith ran unsuccessfully for Mayor of Portland.
District 48: Democrat Mike Schaufler lost in the Democratic primary to Jeff Reardon.
District 56: Republican Bill Garrard retired.
Results
See also
76th Oregon Legislative Assembly (2011–2012)
77th Oregon Legislative Assembly (2013–2014)
Sources
Oregon Secretary of State - November 6, 2012, General Election Abstract of Votes
References
Legislative
2012
Oregon Legislative Assembly
George Wilson Younce (February 22, 1930 – April 11, 2005) was an American bass singer, known for performing with Southern gospel quartets, especially The Cathedrals.
Biography
Born in Patterson, North Carolina, Younce was the youngest of four siblings. Their father was their biggest influence when young Younce decided they wanted to be a singer. In 1936, the Younce family moved to Lenoir, North Carolina. At the age of 15 in their hometown, George received their first taste of Southern Gospel music. As a teenager, Younce joined their first quartet, known as the Spiritualaires. When their voice changed, they switched to the bass part that they would sing for the rest of their life.
Over the next decade they traveled with such groups as the Homeland Harmony Quartet, The Weatherfords, the Florida Boys, and the Blue Ridge Quartet. In September 1963, the "Cathedral Trio", became the official vocal group of Rex Humbard's "Cathedral of Tomorrow" in Akron, Ohio. In November 1964, Younce joined forces with lead singer Glen Payne, Tenor Bobby Clark and Baritone/Piano Player Danny Koker to form the "Cathedral Quartet" out of the "Cathedral Trio". They toured the world for 36 years.
Younce performed on the Gaither Homecoming Tour, at Radio City Music Hall and Carnegie Hall in New York City, and at the Billy Graham Crusades in Cleveland, Ohio and Nashville, Tennessee. Their television appearances include the "Rex Humbard Hour", the "Gospel Singing Jubilee", the “Bill Gaither Homecoming Hour”, NBC's Today Show, The Nashville Network, “Prime Time Country”, and “The Statler Brothers Show”.
Younce was a 14-time recipient of the Singing News Fan Award for “Favorite Southern Gospel Bass” singer. They were Gospel Music's "Living Legend" of the year in 1988, was inducted into the "Southern Gospel Music Hall of Fame" located in Dollywood in 1998, also inducted in the Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1999. They were awarded the 2004 SGN Scoops Diamond “Lifetime Achievement Award”. They recorded well over 100 projects including the award-winning “Symphony of Praise” with the London Philharmonic Orchestra. Younce also wrote several Southern Gospel songs including the classic "Yesterday".
In 1998, Younce recorded the first of three solo projects. Two were GMA nominees for Dove Awards in the Southern Gospel Album of the Year category. The third presents a collection of some of their favorite hymns.
With the death of their long-time friend and Cathedrals partner Glen Payne in October 1999, and Younce's failing kidneys, the Cathedrals retired in December 1999. In the fall of 2000, they appeared for the first time without the Cathedrals as a solo performer in Parkersburg, West Virginia on a show called "An Evening with George Younce and Ernie Haase". Late in their career, they sang with The Old Friends Quartet, which included their son-in-law, former Cathedral tenor Ernie Haase and Southern Gospel legend Jake Hess and baritone Wesley Pritchard and pianist Garry Jones. Younce also provided the voice for some of the characters in several of the Bill Gaither produced "Gaither's Pond" children's videos. Although they had to stop officially touring, they did make occasional "special appearances" with son-in-law Ernie's new quartet Ernie Haase and Signature Sound, and with their friend Bill Gaither and the Homecoming Tour.
Death
Younce suffered from heart trouble as well as kidney failure, and was on dialysis during the last years of their life. They died April 11, 2005 at Akron City Hospital in Ohio. They and their wife, Clara, would have celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary April 27.
Awards
SGMA Hall Of Fame (1998)
GMA Hall Of Fame (1999)
Singing News Fan Awards:
Favorite Male Singer (1999, 2000)
Favorite Bass Singer (1981, 1983, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999)
Discography
Solo
1997: I Believe (Spring Hill Records/CMD5412)
1998: That Says It All (Spring Hill Records/CMD5455)
2000: Out Front (Landmark Records/HD0041)
2000: Day By Day (Cathedral Records)
2004: This Is George Younce (George Younce Music)
2005: A Tribute To George Younce (Gaither Music Group/SHD2643)
????: Poetic Reflections (George Younce Music)
Songs authored
(Partial List)
Movin' Up To Gloryland
Better Days
Glory Hallelujah I'm On My Way
They Are The Dearest Friend
They Are The Great I Am
They Made A Rainbow Of My Tears
I Know He's Mine
If I Can Just Hold Out
It's Alright
Jesus Can Make A Way
Jesus Christ Solid Rock
Jesus Is A Coming Back
Little Deeds
My Lord
No Disappointments In Heaven
Row Your Boat
Shine On For Jesus
So Dearly
So I Love Him Dearly
Take Their Hand
Thanks For Loving Me
The Laughing Song
Then I Found Jesus
There'll Be No Peace Till Jesus Comes Again
What Are You Going To Leave
When I Get Home
When The First Drop Of Blood Fell From The Cross
Yesterday
You Ain't Heard Nothing Yet
Literature
Glen Payne, George Younce, Ace Collins, The Cathedrals: The Story of America's Best-Loved Gospel Quartet, 2000
References
Southern gospel performers
1930 births
2005 deaths
20th-century American singers
American performers of Christian music
People from Lenoir, North Carolina
People from Caldwell County, North Carolina
20th-century American male singers
The United States Revenue Cutter Dexter was one of 13 cutters of the Morris-Taney Class to be launched. Named after Secretaries of the Treasury and Presidents of the United States, these cutters were the backbone of the Service for more than a decade. Samuel Humphreys designed these cutters for roles as diverse as fighting pirates, privateers, combating smugglers and operating with naval forces. They designed the vessels on a naval schooner concept. They had Baltimore Clipper lines. The vessels built by Webb and Allen, designed by Isaac Webb, resembled Humphreys' but had one less port.
The Dexter began their career working for the Collector of Customs in Norfolk, Virginia. They later worked in Charleston, South Carolina and sailed for Mobile, Alabama in April 1833. The following year they operated with the US Navy, cruising on the west coast of Florida during the Seminole War. They operated up the rivers and transported troops to trouble spots. In September 1837, they returned to Mobile and later in 1838, again worked out of Charleston. In December 1840, Dexter was reported unseaworthy and the Government sold the cutter on 25 February 1841.
References
Cutters of the United States Navy
Schooners of the United States Navy
Morris-Taney-class cutters
Ships built by William H. Webb
1830 ships
Bethany Shriever (born 19 April 1999) is an elite British cyclist, competing as a BMX racer. A World Junior champion in 2017, and winner of the UCI BMX Supercross World Cup final event in Zolder in 2018, in 2021 they became the first British BMX racing cyclist in history to win both the Olympic and World titles in the same year. In 2022 Shriever completed the full set of gold medals by winning the 2022 UEC BMX Racing European Championships.
Life
Shriever was born in 1999 and they began BMX when they were aged nine years old. Thereafter they started training at their local club in Braintree and went on to start competing at weekends. Shriever won the silver medal at the 2016 BMX European Cycling Championships In 2017 they became the Junior World Champion. In 2018 they finished 17th in their maiden appearance as a senior at the World Championships in Baku as well as winning the UCI BMX World Cup final in Belgium edging Judy Baauw and Laura Smulders into second and third. In March 2020 Shriever dominated the National BMX Series in Manchester without dropping a lap.
Shriever was chosen to be part of Great Britain's 26 strong cycling squad at the postponed 2020 Tokyo Olympics where they won the Women's BMX racing gold medal. Whilst being interviewed on TV after their win they couldn't refrain from swearing in their shock.
Personal life
Shriever worked part-time as a teaching assistant in a nursery at the Stephen Perse Foundation to cover some of their costs of training and travelling because UK Sport stipulated in its funding review after the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games that only male riders would be supported heading towards Tokyo 2020.
Shriever was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to BMX racing.
Major results
2016
2nd European BMX Championships
2017
1st UCI BMX World Championships, Junior
2018
1st Stage 5, BMX Supercross World Cup, Zolder
2021
1st BMX racing, Olympic Games
1st UCI BMX World Championships, Elite
2022
1st European BMX Championships
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
BMX riders
English female cyclists
English track cyclists
English Olympic medallists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Olympic gold medallists for Great Britain
Olympic medalists in cycling
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Sportspeople from London
UCI BMX World Champions (elite women)
Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of South Korea
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
Lodygino () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.
Geography
Lodygino is located 40 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Berezhok is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Nicolaea is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Nicolaea cauter (Druce, 1907)
Nicolaea schausa (E. D. Jones, 1912)
Nicolaea dolium (Druce, 1907)
Nicolaea ceglusa (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea bagrada (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea xorema (Schaus, 1902)
Nicolaea fabulla (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea demilineata (Lathy, 1936)
Nicolaea obelus (Druce, 1907)
Nicolaea castinotus (Johnson & Le Crom, 1997)
Nicolaea cupa (Druce, 1907)
Nicolaea petilla (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea velina (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea torris (Druce, 1907)
Nicolaea besidia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea socia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea viceta (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea opalia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea opaliana (Hayward, 1967)
Nicolaea ophia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea heraldica (Dyar, 1914)
Nicolaea pyxis (Johnson, 1993)
Nicolaea umuarama (Johnson, 1993)
Nicolaea laconia (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea lemuria (Hewitson, 1868)
Nicolaea munditia (Druce, 1907)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
All Women Have Secrets is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Agnes Christine Johnston. The film stars
Virginia Dale, Joseph Allen, Jeanne Cagney, Peter Lind Hayes, Betty Moran and John Arledge. Also appearing briefly in one of their first screen roles is Veronica Lake, billed as Constance Keane.
The film was released on December 15, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
Plot
Three young couples, all having financial struggles, decide to risk getting married. Joe Tucker and new wife Susie begin their new life living in a trailer. Slats Warwick is in a continuous quarrel with bride Jennifer, whose allowance from their parents is keeping them afloat.
The couple having the hardest time is John and Kay Gregory, a pre-med student whose studies barely give them time to juggle part-time jobs and a singer who finds work in a nightclub, but hasn't yet broken the news to their husband that she's expecting a baby.
Cast
Virginia Dale as Jennifer Warwick
Joseph Allen as John Gregory
Jeanne Cagney as Kay Parker Gregory
Peter Lind Hayes as Slats Warwick
Betty Moran as Susie Blair
John Arledge as Joe Tucker
Janet Waldo as Doris
Lawrence Grossmith as Professor Hewitt
Una O'Connor as Mary
Kitty Kelly as Flo
Joyce Mathews as Peggy
Audrey Maynard as Jill
Wanda McKay as Jessie
Margaret Roach as Betty
Veronica Lake as Jane
Fay McKenzie as Martha
Barbara Denny as Alice
Gwen Kenyon as Helen
Marge Champion as Marion
Lorraine Miller as Marie
Fay Cotton as Connie
Mildred Shay as Chloe
Lorraine Krueger as Molly
Phyllis Adair as Sybil
Dick Elliott as Justice of the Peace
Billy Lee as Bobby
George Meeker as Doc
Lambert Rogers as Dick
References
External links
1939 films
Paramount Pictures films
American comedy films
1939 comedy films
Films directed by Kurt Neumann
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Sneeze Me Away is a 2010 animated short film written and directed by Ryan Grobins.
Premise
A young boy by the name of Thomas, accidentally enters a fantastic, magical world full of unexpected occurrences and wondrous sights by sneezing with their eyes open, and now must enlist the aid of strange creatures to help them find their way home again.
Crew
Production
Husband and wife team, Ryan and Hyojung spent two years working on the short animated film full-time in South Korea, not including another six months previous to the main production period spent working after hours on the previs in Australia. Hyojung painted the majority of the backgrounds, Stanley Darmawan completed the majority of the character animation, and Ryan did the majority of the other tasks. The backgrounds were all digitally painted in Photoshop, and the characters, while rendered using 3D software, were given a cel-shaded look.
The music was composed and orchestrated by the Australian composer, Nicole Brady. It was performed by The Orchestra of Vienna and Moravian Philharmonic, with solos performed by Martin Penicka (cello) and Nicole Brady (piano).
Accolades
Hyart Film Festival - Best Animation
Park City Film Music Festival - Jury Choice Gold Medal for Excellence
High Desert Shorts International Film Festival - Best Animation
Canadian International Film Festival - Award of Excellence
Kids First! Film Festival - Second, Independent Short, Ages 5–8
Australian Effects & Animation Festival - Finalist
8th Annual iP Short Film Contest - Finalist
Rome International Film Festival - Nominated, Best Animation
Festivals
Park City Film Music Festival, 2010
Crystal Palace International Film Festival, 2010
Animation Block Party, 2010
Australian Effects and Animation Festival, 2010
Jiff Theque, Ani Factory, 2010
Hyart Film Festival, 2010
Silicon Valley Film Festival, 2010
Rome International Film Festival, 2010
Croq'Anime, 2010
Philly Film and Music Festival, 2010
Cincinnati Film Festival, 2010
SoDak Animation Festival, 2010
Flatland Film Festival, 2010
Banjaluka, 2010
Linoleum Animation Festival, 2010
Radar Hamburg International Independent Film Festival, 2010
River's Edge International Film Festival, 2010
African International Film Festival, 2010
Los Angeles International Children's Film Festival, 2010
4th Winter International Festival of Arts, 2011
Athens Animfest, 2011
Sacramento International Film Festival, 2011
Downtown Boca Film Festival, 2011
High Desert Shorts International Film Festival, 2011
California International Animation Festival, 2011
Puerto Rico International Film Festival, 2011
References
External links
Nezui
2010 films
2010 animated films
Computer-animated short films
South Korean independent films
South Korean animated short films
2010s English-language films
2010s South Korean films
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1587.
Events
April 14 – A clandestine Roman Catholic printing press is discovered in a cave on the Little Orme on the North Wales coast, where it has been used by the recusant Robert Pugh (squire of Penrhyn Old Hall) and their chaplain, Father William Davies, to print the first part of Y Drych Cristianogawl (The Christian Mirror), the first book to be printed in Wales. Attributed to G. R. of Milan (Gruffydd Robert or perhaps Robert Gwyn (c. 1540/50–1592/1604)), the book is given a false imprint of "Rouen, 1585".
Autumn – Poet Torquato Tasso travels to Rome to stay with their friend Cardinal Scipione Gonzaga, Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem.
October 31 – Leiden University Library opens its doors after its foundation in 1575.
Late (probable date) – The first part of Christopher Marlowe's drama Tamburlaine the Great is performed in London by the Admiral's Men, with Edward Alleyn in the lead. Marlowe is known to be engaged in confidential government work.
The Rose Theatre is built by Philip Henslowe in Southwark on the south bank of the River Thames.
The chapbook Historia von D. Johann Fausten, printed by Johann Spies in Frankfurt, is the first published version of the Faust story.
New books
Prose
George Gifford – A discourse of the subtill practises of deuilles by witches and sorcerers
Raphael Holinshed – Holinshed's Chronicles, 2nd edition, revised
John Penry – The Æquity of an Humble Supplication
William Rankins – A Mirror of Monsters
Drama
Thomas Kyd – The Spanish Tragedy (approximate date)
Christopher Marlowe
Tamburlaine
(with Thomas Nashe?) – Dido, Queen of Carthage (the earliest likely date)
George Peele (possibly) – The Life and Death of Jack Straw (approximate date)
Poetry
Cristóbal de Virués – El Monserrate
Births
February 24 – Matthias Faber, German religious writer (died 1653)
June 21 – Kaspar von Barth, German philologist (died 1658)
October 17 – Nathan Field, English dramatist (died 1620)
November 17 – Joost van den Vondel, Dutch dramatist (died 1679)
November 18 – Lady Mary Wroth, English poet and dramatist (died c. 1651–1653)
Unknown dates
Michael Alford, English Jesuit writer (died 1652)
Francesco Angeloni, Italian historian (died 1652)
Francis Kynaston, English poet (died 1642)
Deaths
March 15 – Kaspar Olevianus, German Protestant theologian (born 1536)
April 18 – John Foxe, martyrologist (born 1517)
September 19 – Pamelius, Belgian theologian (born 1536)
November – Mother and daughter:
Madeleine Des Roches, French poet and author (born c. 1520)
Catherine Des Roches, French poet and author (born 1542)
Unknown date
Dudley Fenner, English theologian (born c. 1558)
In literature
Friedrich Schiller's drama Maria Stuart (1800) depicts the last days of Mary, Queen of Scots
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Hamilton Soares de Sá (born 31 May 1991) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Thai League 1 club Port.
Honours
Individual
Thai League 1 Top Scorer (1): 2021–22
References
1991 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Thai League 1 players
Port F.C. players
Nongbua Pitchaya F.C. players
People from Manaus
Sportspeople from Amazonas (Brazilian state)
HMS Leith was a sloop of the Royal Navy that served in the Second World War.
Building, commissioning and early service
Leith was ordered on 1 November 1932 under the 1931 Programme. They were laid down at Devonport Dockyard on 6 February 1933, launched on 9 September 1933 and commissioned on 10 July 1934. They were initially assigned to the New Zealand Division of the Royal Navy, manned by the Chatham Port Division. Leith arrived at Auckland on 13 November 1934, and was deployed in the Pacific and locally in New Zealand waters. They were recommissioned in December 1936 in order to continue to serve with the New Zealand Division and was again in July 1939. They had an active career in the Pacific, making numerous visits to Colonial possessions, and on one occasion taking Salote Tupou III, Queen of Tonga on a visit to outlying islands.
Wartime career
The Pacific and return to the UK
The outbreak of the Second World War saw Leith still in the Pacific. In September 1939 they sailed to Singapore to carry out contraband control duty on the China Station. During the passage they called at Jervis Bay, Australia. Leith was deployed at Penang to carry out contraband control, and also to carry out surveillance on enemy ships in Dutch East Indies ports. They were recalled from these duties in November and was ordered to sail to the UK to carry out convoy defence duties in Home Waters. They sailed from Penang on 7 November, travelling via the Red Sea and the Mediterranean. They arrived at Gibraltar, where they were diverted to go to Freetown to join as an escort for an Atlantic convoy. They joined Convoy SL 14 at Freetown on 26 December, escorting it to the UK. On arrival Leith was deployed to escort convoys. On 10 January they were diverted to join the sloops and , and the destroyers , , and in escorting the inbound Convoy HG 14 into Liverpool. Leith was detached on 12 January and took passage for a refit at Penarth. The following day they were taken in hand by a commercial shipyard.
Covering the Western Approaches
After the completion of the refit in February they were nominated to serve with the Western Approaches Command. They joined the command at Liverpool on 2 February. On 11 February they joined the outbound Convoy OG 18 with HMS Bideford, and the destroyers and . Leith and Bideford were detached on 17 February and joined the inbound Convoy HG 19, until 27 February. This pattern of convoy escort duties was followed throughout March to July. In July they were transferred to the Rosyth Escort Force for convoy defence in the North Western Approaches and North Sea. They were soon withdrawn from operational service to attend to a fault in their No 1 Boiler. They were repaired at Belfast. After post-repair trials they resumed services with the Western Approaches Command on 12 August with the 41st Escort Group based at Liverpool. Here they covered the final stages of convoys between Gibraltar and Freetown. On 28 August they picked up 27 survivors from the Finnish merchant which had been sunk north-east of Ireland by .
Convoy SC 7
In October they deployed with the sloop and the s and for the defence of the Atlantic convoys during the journey to the dispersal point of the outward convoys and for the final stage of the passage of the inward convoys. On 13 October they joined the outbound Convoy OB 228 from Liverpool to its dispersal point. On 16 October attacked Leith. They sighted the submarine on the surface and forced them to submerge. Leith then carried out an unsuccessful search for their attacker with HMS Heartsease. The escorts were detached from the convoy on 17 October and sailed to join the inbound Convoy SC 7. On 18 October they rescued 19 survivors from the Estonian merchant which had been torpedoed and sunk on 13 October by . Together with the sloops and and the corvettes Bluebell and Heartsease they attempted unsuccessfully to fight off the wolf pack attacks of a number of U-boats. Leith rescued survivors from three torpedoed merchant ships including and before joining the inbound Convoy HX 79 which had also come under heavy U-boat attack. Leith gathered up three merchant ships and brought them into port.
The Atlantic convoys
They made a full transatlantic crossing and return in November, escorting an outbound and inbound convoy, before returning to their usual pattern in December, covering the Freetown and Gibraltar convoys. On 9 December they were part of the escort for convoy OG 47 on its way to Gibraltar. The convoy came under attack on 20 December by the , which sank the merchant . Leith was detached from the convoy on its arrival on 25 December and sailed with an inbound convoy to Liverpool on 29 December. On their arrival they returned covering the convoys through the Western Approaches throughout January to April 1941. On 17 April they began a refit at Avonmouth which lasted until May, when they were nominated for convoy defence based in Newfoundland.
Leith sailed to join the Newfoundland Escort Force based at St. John's on 6 June. They deployed with them throughout July and into August. They returned in August to redeploy with the Western Approaches Command. On 20 August they deployed with the destroyers and , and the corvette and the other corvettes of the 5th Escort Group in the defence of the outward Convoy OG 71, consisting of 21 ships from Liverpool on passage to Gibraltar. The Norwegian destroyer HMNoS Bath had been sunk the previous day, along with three merchants. The convoy continued to be attacked after the reinforcements arrived, despite constant anti-submarine operations. HMS Zinnia and four other merchants were sunk on 22 August. The rest of the convoy arrived at Gibraltar on 25 August. Leith returned to Liverpool in September, escorting Convoy HG 72.
The African coast
In October Leith was at Belfast, before joining the 43rd Escort Group for escort of convoys between UK and Freetown, being based at Londonderry Port. They spent the next couple of months escorting convoys before sailing on 28 November as an escort for a convoy to West Africa. They returned in January 1942 and from 17 January underwent repairs to their underwater equipment at Londonderry Port. They returned to service on 31 January. Further escort duties took Leith along to African coast to Bathurst and back again. Them next major engagement came in August, when they were part of Convoy SL 119, consisting of 29 merchants. The convoy was detected and its position reported by on 25 August. The Wolf pack Blücher was ordered to carry out a concentrated attack. Leith carried out searches for U-boats and rescued the crew of the torpedoed merchant . After the arrival of the convoy, Leith underwent the replacement of their underwater dome for their sonar outfit at Greenock. After this was completed by October, they returned to Belfast.
Refits and the English Channel
Also in October Leith was nominated to escort the military convoys for the allied landings in North Africa (Operation Torch). They escorted a stores convoy late in October and spent November and December escorting convoys through the western Mediterranean. They carried these duties out until March 1943 when they return with their group to the UK. 1943 and the first half of 1944 they spent on the Freetown route. In August they returned to the Mediterranean, undergoing an extensive refit at Gibraltar in September owing to their deteriorated condition after an extended period in active service in the Atlantic. The refit lasted until December, and in January 1945 they returned to the UK and joined the 38th Escort Group based at Portsmouth. They escorted convoys through the English Channel in February and March, and in April escorted the Dutch minelayer Van der Zaan as they laid mines in the English Channel. After VE Day in May Leith was nominated to be reduced to the reserve fleet. They sailed to Rosyth in June where they were paid off, and laid up the following month.
Post war
Leith was placed on the disposal list and sold in 1946 into merchant service. They were renamed Byron, and later Friendship in 1948. They were then acquired by the Royal Danish Navy in 1949 and renamed HDMS Galathea. They undertook the second Galathea expedition, which circumnavigated the world in 1950–52 while doing deep sea oceanographic research, and was sold to be scrapped at Odense in 1955.
Notes
References
External links
HMS Leith's wartime career
HMS Leith at Uboat.net
Grimsby-class sloops
World War II sloops of the United Kingdom
1933 ships
The article lists the works of the 19th-century Slovene writer, poet and playwright Fran Levstik.
Prose
Martin Krpan from Vrh ()
A Journey from Litija to Čatež ()
The Tenth Brother (, unfinished and unpublished at the time.
The Fascicle ()
From the Past Happy Youth ()
Memories about the Faiths and Thoughts of a Free Nation ()
Pokljuk
Saint Doctor Bežanec in Tožbanja Vas ()
Who Made Videk's Shirt ()
Poetry
Poem collections
Poems (, 1854, )
Tona's Poems (, 1859, )
Franja's Poems (, 1870, )
Narrative poems
The Fugitive King ()
The Prince's Son ()
A Flower ()
In the Upper Carniola ()
A Girl and a Bird ()
Reflective poems
Homesickness ()
A Reminder to Joy ()
Spring ()
Omnia evanescunt
The Artist ()
Literary Wisdom ()
Despair ()
Struggle ()
Our Misery ()
Satirical poems
The Dreams of the Parish Priest ()
To the Saint Elijah ()
The Slovene Literature ()
In the Memory of the Deceased Forward ()
The People's Voice ()
Let's Keep Silent! ()
To the Enemies ()
A Novel ()
Children's Poems
Our Village ()
A Living Flower ()
When a Child Chases the Moon and the Stars ()
The Milky Way ()
A Prayer of a Simple Child ()
How is it in the Carantania ()
A Hedgehog and a Fox ()
A Cat, a Mouse, and a Little Mouse ()
Dramatics
Juntez (1855)
Tugomer (1876)
References
External links
Gåshamna is a bay at the southern side of Hornsund, Sørkapp Land, on Spitsbergen, Svalbard. The bay has a width of about 2 km, and is included within the Sør-Spitsbergen National Park.
References
Bays of Spitsbergen
Former populated places in Svalbard
JRTI may refer to:
James Rumsey Technical Institute (JRTI), Martinsburg, West Virginia, USA
Judicial Research and Training Institute (JRTI), a legal education institution in South Korea
Just Read the Instructions (JRtI), an autonomous spaceport drone ship of SpaceX
Journal of Religious & Theological Information (JRTI; ), a theology journal
Osteochilus kelabau is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to eastern Borneo.
References
Taxa named by Canna Maria Louise Popta
Fish described in 1904
Osteochilus
The Ryukoku Seahorse football program represents Ryukoku University in college football. Ryukoku is a member of the Kansai Collegiate American Football League.
External links
American football in Japan
Sports teams in Kyoto Prefecture
1975 establishments in Japan
American football teams established in 1975
The Henry Hirshfeld House and Cottage are two historic homes in downtown Austin, Texas, United States, originally inhabited by the prominent Hirshfeld family. The cottage, built in 1873, housed Henry and their wife Jennie until the larger house, designed by local architect John Andrewartha, was built in 1885. The homes have been well preserved and today house the Office of Governmental Relations for the Texas A&M University System. The buildings are located at 303 and 305 W. 9th Street. The buildings were added together to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References
External links
Houses in Austin, Texas
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
Gettin' Around is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon recorded in 1965 and released by Blue Note. The CD reissue added two bonus tracks.
Reception
The review in Billboard magazine in 1966 called Gordon's playing "cool and hot", especially praising their improvisations on "Heartaches". The support of the rhythm section was said to be "A-1 all the way".
The AllMusic review by Michael G. Nastos was less enthusiastic stated: "While this is not Gordon's ultimate hard bop date, it is reflective of their cooling out in Europe, adopting a tonal emphasis more under the surface than in your face. It's not essential, but quite enjoyable, and does mark a turning point in their illustrious career."
Track listing
"Manhã de Carnaval" (Luiz Bonfá, Antonio Maria)8:26
"Who Can I Turn To (When Nobody Needs Me)" (Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley)5:15
"Heartaches" (Al Hoffman, John Klenner)7:46
"Shiny Stockings" (Frank Foster)6:18
"Everybody's Somebody's Fool" (Howard Greenfield, Jack Keller)6:45
"Le Coiffeur" (Dexter Gordon)7:01
"Very Saxily Yours"6:54 (Onzy Matthews) Bonus track on CD reissue
"Flick of a Trick"10:36 (Ben Tucker) Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded on May 28 (1, 5–6, 8) and May 29 (2–4, 7), 1965.
Personnel
Dexter Gordontenor saxophone
Bobby Hutchersonvibes
Barry Harrispiano
Bob Cranshawbass
Billy Higginsdrums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Dexter Gordon albums
1966 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Habitation La Grivelière (Grivelière House) is a coffee plantation and coffeehouse in Vieux-Habitants, Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe, an overseas region of France. Founded in the late 17th century, it has been classified as a Monument historique since 1987. The plantation is located along the Grande Rivière des Vieux-Habitants within the Guadeloupe National Park, at above sea level. It operates under the auspices of Association Verte Vallée. One of the buildings has been re-purposed into a coffeehouse. It is one of the best preserved agricultural estates in the Lesser Antilles. Habitation La Grivelière contains a dozen buildings including a manor house, overseer's house, houses of permanent workers, two boucans, a roasting shed, mills, an oratory and five slave huts.
See also
Coffee production in Guadeloupe
References
Bibliography
External links
Monuments historiques of Guadeloupe
In differential topology, a branch of mathematics, a Mazur manifold is a contractible, compact, smooth four-dimensional manifold (with boundary) which is not diffeomorphic to the standard 4-ball. The boundary of a Mazur manifold is necessarily a homology 3-sphere.
Frequently the term Mazur manifold is restricted to a special class of the above definition: 4-manifolds that have a handle decomposition containing exactly three handles: a single 0-handle, a single 1-handle and single 2-handle. This is equivalent to saying the manifold must be of the form union a 2-handle. An observation of Mazur's shows that the double of such manifolds is diffeomorphic to with the standard smooth structure.
History
Barry Mazur and Valentin Poenaru discovered these manifolds simultaneously. Akbulut and Kirby showed that the Brieskorn homology spheres , and are boundaries of Mazur manifolds. These results were later generalized to other contractible manifolds by Casson, Harer and Stern. One of the Mazur manifolds is also an example of an Akbulut cork which can be used to construct exotic 4-manifolds.
Mazur manifolds have been used by Fintushel and Stern to construct exotic actions of a group of order 2 on the 4-sphere.
Mazur's discovery was surprising for several reasons:
Every smooth homology sphere in dimension is homeomorphic to the boundary of a compact contractible smooth manifold. This follows from the work of Kervaire and the h-cobordism theorem. Slightly more strongly, every smooth homology 4-sphere is diffeomorphic to the boundary of a compact contractible smooth 5-manifold (also by the work of Kervaire). But not every homology 3-sphere is diffeomorphic to the boundary of a contractible compact smooth 4-manifold. For example, the Poincaré homology sphere does not bound such a 4-manifold because the Rochlin invariant provides an obstruction.
The h-cobordism Theorem implies that, at least in dimensions there is a unique contractible -manifold with simply-connected boundary, where uniqueness is up to diffeomorphism. This manifold is the unit ball . It's an open problem as to whether or not admits an exotic smooth structure, but by the h-cobordism theorem, such an exotic smooth structure, if it exists, must restrict to an exotic smooth structure on . Whether or not admits an exotic smooth structure is equivalent to another open problem, the smooth Poincaré conjecture in dimension four. Whether or not admits an exotic smooth structure is another open problem, closely linked to the Schoenflies problem in dimension four.
Mazur's observation
Let be a Mazur manifold that is constructed as union a 2-handle. Here is a sketch of Mazur's argument that the double of such a Mazur manifold is . is a contractible 5-manifold constructed as union a 2-handle. The 2-handle can be unknotted since the attaching map is a framed knot in the 4-manifold . So union the 2-handle is diffeomorphic to . The boundary of is . But the boundary of is the double of .
References
Differential topology
Manifolds
The General Méndez Vigo Bridge is a brick barrel vault bridge that brings what is now Puerto Rico Highway 14 across the Río Las Minas near Coamo, Puerto Rico. Also known as Bridge #173 and as Puente Rio las Minas, it was built in the year 1862 as part of Puerto Rico's Carretera Central. The bridge is historically significant for its association with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and its role in the Spanish–American War of 1898. It is also the only surviving masonry bridge in the southern section of the Carretera Central.
In the Puerto Rican Campaign, American forces landed in the south of Puerto Rico and attacked up the Carretera Central. This bridge, like some others, was destroyed by Spanish troops under Commander Rafael Martinez-Illescas to delay the American troops, which worked; a battalion of the 2nd Wisconsin Volunteer Regiment, part of a U.S. Army column commanded by Major General James H. Wilson, approaching from Ponce, Puerto Rico, was held up. The Wisconsin troops subsequently participated in a pincer movement at the Battle of Coamo in which Martinez-Illescas was killed.
The destroyed arch was rebuilt in 1898 by the US Corps of Engineers. Keystones of the arch "embody its history": one side shows a castle, the symbol of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the other provides inscription that it was reconstructed in 1898 by the First Regiment of the Fifth Battalion of the Corps. The arch is otherwise decorated by geometrical designs in relief. Abutments of the bridge are from the 1862 original construction.
The bridge is named for General , who was governor of Puerto Rico, for Spain, during 1840 to 1844. It was designed by engineer Timoteo Luberza and cost 15,405 pesos.
It is located near kilometer 30.4 of Route 14.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Bridges completed in 1898
Bridges in Puerto Rico
Arch bridges in the United States
Brick bridges in the United States
1898 establishments in Puerto Rico
Mahmudiyeh (, also Romanized as Maḩmūdīyeh) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The 2009 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was a horse race held at Longchamp on Sunday 4 October 2009. It was the 88th running of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The winner was Sea the Stars, a three-year-old colt trained in Ireland by John Oxx. The winning jockey was Michael Kinane.
Sea the Stars became the first horse to win the 2,000 Guineas, the Epsom Derby and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. It was their sixth consecutive Group 1 victory.
Race details
Sponsor: Qatar Racing and Equestrian Club
Purse: €4,000,000; First prize: €2,285,600
Going: Good
Distance: 2,400 metres
Number of runners: 19
Winner's time: 2m 26.3s
Full result
Abbreviations: dh = dead-heat; shd = short-head; hd = head; snk = short-neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Sea the Stars.
Sex: Colt
Foaled: 6 April 2006
Country: Ireland
Sire: Cape Cross; Dam: Urban Sea (Miswaki)
Owner: Christopher Tsui
Breeder: Sunderland Holdings Ltd
References
External links
Colour Chart – Arc 2009
Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
2009
2009 in French sport
2009 in Paris
October 2009 sports events in Europe
Linguatulidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Porocephalida.
Genera
There are four genera:
Linguatula Frölich, 1789
Monostoma
Neolinguatula Haffner & Rack, 1969
Tetragulus Bosc, 1811
References
Maxillopoda
Crustacean families
Taxa named by Samuel Stehman Haldeman
Villefranche-de-Rouergue is a railway station in Villefranche-de-Rouergue, Occitanie, France. The station is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services
The following services currently call at Villefranche-de-Rouergue:
local service (TER Occitanie) Toulouse–Figeac–Aurillac
References
Railway stations in Aveyron
Jamia Shariyah Malibagh ( Arabic: الجامعة الشرعية ماليباغ), also known as Jamia Shariyah Madrasa, is one of the established Qawmi jamiahs in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
History
A musalli Golam Gouse donated their land to set up this mosque in 1956. Later they established a small Maktab and the name of the Maktab was "Furkqania Maktab". Day by day this Maktab improved as "Tahfizul Qur'an" and later than 'Kitab' faculty and in 1982 this institution started Daura Hadith (the highest certificate course of Madrasa education system), by the help of local people and endless labor of scholars and teachers. From the very beginning, the students of this Madrasa is doing repellent result including place in the board exam. To the light of board exam, this Jamiah is one of the best Madrasahs in Bangladesh.
Departments and divisions
Department of Ifta (Islamic Law)
Masters/Daura Hadith
Degree
Higher secondary
Secondary level
Primary Level
Tahfizul Quran
Maktab
Outdoor Maktab
Residential Maktab
Notable people
Qazi Mu'tasim Billah (1933–2013), longtime principal
References
External links
Official Tarana of Jamia Shariyyah Malibagh
Qawmi madrasas of Bangladesh
Deobandi Islamic universities and colleges
Islamic universities and colleges in Bangladesh
1956 establishments in East Pakistan
Islam in Dhaka
The Pacific Islands Families Study is a long-running, cohort study of 1398 children (and their parents) of Pacific Islands origin born in Auckland, New Zealand during the year 2000.
The cohort of participants was selected from babies born between 15 March 2000 and 17 December 2000 at Middlemore Hospital with at least one parent identifying as having Pacific Islands origin.
The three overall objectives of the PIF Study are:
to provide information on Pacific peoples' health, and the cultural, economic, environmental and psychosocial factors that are associated with child health and development outcomes and family functioning,
to determine how such factors individually and interactively influence positive and negative child, parent and family outcomes over time,
to provide information that will help set quantifiable targets for Pacific peoples' health.
The study has collected data from mothers, fathers, children and teachers. Data collection phases have occurred at 6 weeks after birth, 12 months, 24 months, 4 years, 6 years and 9 years.
The study is administered within the Faculty of Health and Environmental Sciences at Auckland University of Technology.
Major funding has been provided by the Foundation for Research, Science and Technology and the Health Research Council of New Zealand.
Data Collection Phases
First Two Years of Life
At approximately 6 weeks after birth, data were collected from interviews of the primary caregiver (usually the birth mother) and the collateral caregiver (the partner of the primary, usually the father).
Data were collected from 1376 families in relation to 1398 children (including 22 pairs of twins).
The ethnic mix of the original cohort was 47% Samoan, 21% Tongan, 17% Cook Island Maori, 4% Niuean and 11% other Pacific or non-Pacific.
At 12 months of age, 1224 primary caregivers and 825 collateral caregivers were interviewed in relation to 1241 children.
At 24 months, 1144 primary caregivers and 854 collateral caregivers were interviewed in relation to 1162 children.
Details of the first two years can be found in a technical report.
Transition to School
At the age of 4 years, data were collected from primary caregiver interviews and separate child assessments. At the age of 6 years, data were collected from primary caregiver interviews, collateral caregiver interviews, child assessments and teacher evaluations.
Towards Adolescence
As each child turned 9, data were collected from primary caregiver interviews, child assessments and teacher child evaluations. , data on 11-year-olds are being collected from primary and collateral caregiver interviews, child assessments and teacher evaluations.
Key achievements
Retention of Participants
At 6 weeks of age, a total of 1,376 mothers (of 1398 children, including 22 pairs of twins) were interviewed. Of those, 1224 (89%) participated at 12-months and 1144 (83%) participated at 24-months. No important differential attrition was observed.
Publications of research results
Key findings for the first seven years are given in a summary of findings brochure.
Research topics resulting from the study include
post natal depression,
chronic middle ear disease,
intimate partner violence,
obesity,
gambling,
child behaviour,
mental health
and smacking.
References
External links
Overview of the study
List of Publications
Oral health differences between Pacific islands (NZ Herald)
Three-quarters of parents smack - study (NZ Herald)
Samoan mothers manage to avoid the blues (NZ Herald)
2000 establishments in New Zealand
History of Auckland
Cohort studies
Oceanian-New Zealand culture in Auckland
Capital Gang was an American weekly political talk show on CNN which aired on Saturday evenings at 7 p.m. ET. The show debuted in the fall of 1988 and ran until CNN cancelled it in 2005.
The original panel was Pat Buchanan, Robert Novak, Al Hunt, and Mark Shields. Mona Charen and Margaret Warner joined the panel in 1992, when Buchanan left the show to run for president in 1992. In 1993, Warner left the program to join PBS and was replaced by Margaret Carlson, and Kate O'Beirne replaced Charen when they moved to Capital Gang Sunday in 1995. Typically four of the commentators were featured along with a prominent public official from either party. Buchanan, O'Beirne, Charen and Novak were the conservative panelists, while Shields, Hunt, Warner and Carlson were the liberal commentators.
Capital Gang Sunday was hosted by James Glassman in the mid-1990s. It featured panelists Juan Williams, Howard Fineman, Ruth Conniff, James Warren, and Mona Charen. The show did not feature any guests and was more cerebral than combative, in contrast to the Saturday version. In 1998, it was canceled, along with CNN's Sunday edition of Crossfire.
In 2005, after overall declining ratings at the network, CNN attempted to shake up its programming by cancelling several of its politically oriented shows, including the Capital Gang and Crossfire.
The Capital Gang panelists appeared together again on NBC's Meet the Press with Tim Russert on February 17, 2008. With the Democratic nomination race still very much undecided, and the role of the superdelegates in question, Hunt, Carlson, Shields, Novak and O'Beirne gathered to discuss the issues.
References
External links
Video of the Capital Gang on Meet the Press
CNN original programming
1988 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
1980s American television talk shows
1990s American television talk shows
2000s American television talk shows
The H.R. Reed House is a historic house at 46 Water Street in Marion, Massachusetts. Built in 1886, it is a good example of a Shingle style summer cottage. In 1890 and 1891, it was rented for the summer season by former United States President Grover Cleveland. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Description and history
The H.R. Reed House is located south of Marion's town center, on the west side Water Street just north of Holmes Street. It is separated from the street by a broad lawn and a low hedge. It is a two-story wood-frame structure, with a gambrel roof and shingled exterior. A single-story shed-roof porch extends across the front, supported by clusters of round columns. The roof is pierced by three gambrel-roof dormers, the center one larger than the other two. The outer dormers have sash windows flanked by vertical stone columns, while the center one has a three-part bay window, also with flanking stone columns. The interior retains many original and elegant features, including a large Queen Anne fireplace in its great hall, a double staircase, and an elliptical dining room.
The house was designed by James T. Kelley and built in 1886. In 1890 and 1891 it was rented by Grover Cleveland, then in between their two terms as President of the United States. It was purchased about 1892 by Henry R. Reed, an agent for the Revere Sugar Company of Boston. Reed is credited with transforming the interior to its present Colonial Revival elegance, and for the two-story turret at the rear of the house. The house remained in the Reed family through the 1940s. It is considered one of the finest examples of summer cottage architecture in Marion, and is the only one known to retain a period carriage barn.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1886
Houses in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Marion, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
1886 establishments in Massachusetts
The Bras du Nord-Est (in English: North-East Arm) flows entirely in the municipality of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard, in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Québec, in Canada.
The "Bras du Nord-Est" is a tributary of the south bank of the Bras de Riche which flows to the east bank of Bras Saint-Nicolas which empties on the south-eastern bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main watersheds neighbor of the Northeast Arm are:
North side: Bras de Riche, Sauvage brook, Trois Saumons lake;
east side: Bras de la rivière Ouelle, Ouelle River, Grand Calder River;
south side: Bras d'Apic, Bouteille stream, Méchant Pouce River;
west side: rivière des Perdrix, Bras Saint-Nicolas.
The "Bras du Nord-Est" takes its source at "lac des Plaines" (length: ; altitude: ), located in a mountainous area, located in north side of the boundary between Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard and Tourville. This head lake is located southeast of Lac Trois Saumons, north of Lac Therrien and southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
From this head lake, the "Bras du Nord-Est" flows over , divided into the following segments:
west in Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard, to a road that the river cuts at to the northeast the village of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard;
west, up to route 285 which the river intersects at north-west of village of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard;
north-west, up to its confluence.
The "Bras du Nord-Est" flows onto the south shore of the Bras de Riche. This confluence is located north-west of the center of the village of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard.
Toponymy
The toponym "Bras du Nord-Est" was made official on May 31, 1983, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
References
See also
St. Lawrence River
Rivière du Sud (Montmagny), a stream
Bras Saint-Nicolas, a stream
Bras de Riche, a stream
Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard, a municipality
L'Islet Regional County Municipality (MRC)
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Frank Featherstone Bonsall FRS (31 March 1920, Crouch End, London – 22 February 2011, Harrogate) was a British mathematician.
Personal life
Bonsall was born on 31 March 1920, the youngest son of Wilfred C Bonsall and Sarah Frank. Their older brother was Arthur Bonsall. They married Gillian Patrick, a Somerville graduate, in 1947. Bonsall and their wife were keen hill-walkers. They wrote two articles for The Scottish Mountaineering Club on the definition of a Munro. After their retirement, Bonsall and their wife moved to Harrogate.
Career
Bonsall graduated from Bishop's Stortford College in 1938, and studied at Merton College, Oxford.
They served in World War II, in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and in India from 1944 to 1946.
They lectured at the University of Edinburgh from 1947 to 1948; was visiting associate professor at Oklahoma State University from 1950 to 1951; taught at Newcastle University, with Werner Wolfgang Rogosinski in the 1950s. They taught at the University of Edinburgh, from 1963 to 1984. In 1963, a second chair in Mathematics was established (the Maclaurin chair). Bonsall took up the chair in 1965, but spent the following year as a visiting professor at Yale. In 1966, they were awarded the London Mathematical Society's Berwick Prize.
Despite not themselves having a PhD, Bonsall supervised many PhD candidates who knew them affectionately as "FFB".
Works
Compact linear operators, Yale University, Dept. of Mathematics, 1967
Frank F. Bonsall, John Duncan, Numerical ranges of operators and normed spaces and of all elements of normed algebras, London Mathematical Society, 1971
Frank F. Bonsall, J. Duncan, Numerical ranges II, Cambridge univ. press, 1973
Frank F. Bonsall, J. Duncan, Complete normed algebras, 1973
See also
Arthur Bonsall
Berwick Prize
List of fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1970
List of mathematicians (B)
References
External links
Frank Bonsall - The Mathematics Genealogy Project
search on author FF Bonsall from Google Scholar
1920 births
2011 deaths
20th-century British mathematicians
21st-century British mathematicians
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War II
Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at Bishop's Stortford College
People from Crouch End
British people in colonial India
The Phudagi language, also known as Vadvali, is a language or dialect of the Marathi–Konkani group.
This language is spoken by Panchkalshi and Chaukalshi communities residing in Palghar, Vasai localities.
References
Konkani languages
Southern Indo-Aryan languages
Karl Konrad Åberg (18 January 1890 – 4 November 1950) was a Finnish wrestler. They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1890 births
1950 deaths
Sportspeople from Helsinki
People from Uusimaa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
The Irmak–Zonguldak railway () is a railway line in the Black Sea Region of Turkey. The railway connects the industrial coal regions and the port of Zonguldak as well as the Kardemir steel mill to central Anatolia and is a major freight railway. Due to the importance the railway has on the Turkish coal industry, it has been nicknamed the coal-route (). The railway was built by the Turkish State Railways in 1937. A thrice-weekly passenger train, the Karaelmas Express, ran from Ankara to Zonguldak but was discontinued on 1 January 2010. In 2014, regional passenger service was brought back between Zonguldak and Filyos but the line today is mainly for freight rail.
References
Turkish State Railways
Edward Creutz (January 23, 1913 – June 27, 2009) was an American physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project at the Metallurgical Laboratory and the Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II. After the war they became a professor of physics at the Carnegie Institute of Technology. They were Vice President of Research at General Atomics from 1955 to 1970. They published over 65 papers on botany, physics, mathematics, metallurgy and science policy, and held 18 patents relating to nuclear energy.
A graduate of the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Creutz helped Princeton University build its first cyclotron. During World War II they worked on nuclear reactor design under Eugene Wigner at the Metallurgical Laboratory, designing the cooling system for the first water-cooled reactors. They led a group that studied the metallurgy of uranium and other elements used in reactor designs. In October 1944, they moved to the Los Alamos Laboratory, where they became a group leader.
After the war ended, Creutz accepted an offer to come to the Carnegie Institute of Technology, where they became the head of its Physics Department and its Nuclear Research Center in 1948. In 1955 they returned to Los Alamos to evaluate its thermonuclear fusion program for the Atomic Energy Commission. While there they accepted an offer to become Vice President for Research and Development and the Director of its John Jay Hopkins Laboratory for Pure and Applied Science at General Atomics. Under their leadership, General Atomics developed TRIGA, a nuclear reactor for universities and laboratories.
Creutz served as an assistant director of the National Science Foundation from 1970 to 1977, and then as Director of the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in Honolulu, where they took particular interest in the museum's preparation of a Manual of the Flowering Plants of Hawaii.
Early life
Edward Chester Creutz was born on January 23, 1913, in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, the son of Lester Creutz, a high school history teacher, and Grace Smith Creutz, a general science teacher. They had two older brothers, John and Jim, and a younger sister, Edith. The family moved to Eau Claire, Wisconsin, in 1916, Monroe, Wisconsin, in 1920, and to Janesville, Wisconsin, in 1927. They played a number of musical instruments, including the mandolin, ukulele and trombone. They played in the school bands at Janesville High School and Monroe High School. At Janesville they played tenor banjo in a dance orchestra called Rosie's Ragadors, and timpani with the school orchestra at Monroe. They also played left guard on the American football teams at Janesville and Monroe. They expressed an interest in chemistry, biology, geology and photography.
After graduating from Janesville High School in 1929, they took a job as a bookkeeper at a local bank. In 1932, their brother John, who had graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison with a degree in electrical engineering, persuaded them to go to college as well. John suggested that "if you aren't sure what part of science you want, take physics, because that's basic to all of them." Creutz later recalled that this was the best advice they ever got. They entered the University of Wisconsin and studied mathematics and physics. Money was scarce during the Great Depression, especially after their father died in 1935. To pay their bills, Creutz worked as a dishwasher and short order cook, and took a job taking care of the physics laboratory equipment. In 1936, their senior year, they taught physics laboratory classes.
Creutz encountered several members of the faculty at the University of Wisconsin, including Julian Mack, Ragnar Rollefson, Raymond Herb, Eugene Wigner and Gregory Breit. Mack gave Creutz a research project to do in their junior year. Creutz remained at Wisconsin as a graduate student after receiving their Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in 1936, working for Herb upgrading the departmental Van de Graaff generator from 300 to 600 keV. With this done, the question became what to do with it, and Breit suggested that it had previously been observed that high-energy gamma rays were produced when lithium was bombarded with protons at 440 keV. Creutz therefore wrote their 1939 Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) thesis on Resonance Scattering of Protons by Lithium, under Breit's supervision. Creutz married Lela Rollefson, a mathematics student at Wisconsin, and the sister of Ragnar Rollefson, on September 13, 1937. The couple had three children, two sons, Michael and Carl, and a daughter, Ann Jo.
Wigner moved to Princeton University in 1938, and soon after Creutz received an offer as well. Princeton had been given a magnet by the University of California, which had been used to build an 8 MeV cyclotron. They wanted Creutz to help get it operational. They later recalled:
But it was Bohr who electrified the audience with their news from Europe of the discovery by Lise Meitner and Otto Frisch of nuclear fission. Physicists rushed to confirm the results. Creutz built an ionization chamber and a linear amplifier out of radio vacuum tubes, coffee cans and motorcycle batteries, and with this apparatus the physicists at Princeton were able to confirm the results.
World War II
In the early years of World War II between 1939 and 1941, Wigner led the Princeton group in a series of experiments involving uranium and two tons of graphite as a neutron moderator. In early 1942, Arthur Compton concentrated the Manhattan Project's various teams working on plutonium and nuclear reactor design, including Wigner's team from Princeton, at the Metallurgical Laboratory at the University of Chicago. The name was a codename; Creutz was the first to conduct actual metallurgy research, and they hired its first metallurgist to work with him.
Wigner led the Theoretical Group that included Creutz, Leo Ohlinger, Alvin M. Weinberg, Katharine Way and Gale Young. The group's task was to design the reactors that would convert uranium into plutonium. At the time, reactors existed only on paper, and no reactor had yet gone critical. In July 1942, Wigner chose a conservative 100 MW design, with a graphite neutron moderator and water cooling. The choice of water as a coolant was controversial at the time because water was known to absorb neutrons, thereby reducing the efficiency of the reactor; but Wigner was confident that their group's calculations were correct and that water would work, while the technical difficulties involved in using helium or liquid metal as a coolant would delay the project. Working seven days a week, the group designed the reactors between September 1942 and January 1943. Creutz studied the corrosion of metals in a water-cooled system, and designed the cooling system. In 1959 a patent for the reactor design would be issued in the name of Creutz, Ohlinger, Weinberg, Wigner, and Young.
As a group leader at the Metallurgical Laboratory, Creutz conducted studies of uranium and how it could be extruded into rods. Their group looked into the process of corrosion in metals in contact with fast-flowing liquids, the processes for fabricating aluminium and jacketing uranium with it. It also investigated the forging of beryllium, and the preparation of thorium. Frederick Seitz and Alvin Weinberg later reckoned that the activities of Creutz and their group may have reduced the time taken to produce plutonium by up to two years.
The discovery of spontaneous fission in reactor-bred plutonium due to contamination by plutonium-240 led Wigner to propose switching to breeding uranium-233 from thorium, but the challenge was met by the Los Alamos Laboratory developing an implosion-type nuclear weapon design. In October 1944, Creutz moved to Los Alamos, where they became a group leader responsible for explosive lens design verification and preliminary testing. Difficulties encountered in testing the lenses led to the construction of a special test area in Pajarito Canyon, and Creutz became responsible for testing there. As part of the preparation for the Trinity nuclear test, Creutz conducted a test detonation at Pajarito Canyon without nuclear material. This test brought bad news; it seemed to indicate that the Trinity test would fail. Hans Bethe worked through the night to assess the results, and was able to report that the results were consistent with a perfect explosion.
Later life
After the war ended in 1945, Creutz accepted an offer from Seitz to come to the Carnegie Institute of Technology as an associate professor, and help create a nuclear physics group there. Creutz in turn recruited a number of young physicists who had worked with them at Princeton and on the Manhattan Project in Chicago and Los Alamos, including Martyn Foss, Jack Fox, Roger Sutton and Sergio DeBenedetti. Together, with funding from the Office of Naval Research they built a 450 MeV synchrotron at the Nuclear Research Center near Saxonburg, Pennsylvania. For a time, This put them at the forefront of research into nuclear physics, allowing physicists there to study the recently discovered pi meson and mu meson. A visiting scholar, Gilberto Bernardini, created the first photographic emulsion of a meson.
Creutz became a professor, the head of the Physics Department, and the head of Nuclear Research Center at the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1948. They were also a member of the Executive Board at the Argonne National Laboratory from 1946 to 1958, and a consultant at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory from 1946 to 1958. In addition to their work on nuclear physics, they cultivated flowers and orchids at their home. They published eight papers on floral species, and named three varieties of violets after their children. One 1966 paper, published in the New York Botanical Garden Journal was on Apetahia raiateensis, a rare flower found only on the island of Raiatea in French Polynesia. They travelled to Polynesia many times, and translated Grammar of the Tahitian language from French into English. Their family served as hosts for a time to two young people from Tahiti and Samoa.
In 1955 and 1956, Creutz spent a year at Los Alamos evaluating its thermonuclear fusion program for the Atomic Energy Commission. While there they were approached by Frederic de Hoffmann, who recruited them to join the General Atomics division of General Dynamics. They moved to La Jolla, California, as its Vice President for Research and Development, and was concurrently the Director of its John Jay Hopkins Laboratory for Pure and Applied Science from 1955 to 1967. They were also a member of the Advisory Panel on General Science at the Department of Defense from 1959 to 1963.
Under their leadership, General Atomics developed TRIGA, a small reactor for universities and laboratories. TRIGA used uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH) fuel, which has a large, prompt negative fuel temperature coefficient of reactivity. As the temperature of the core increases, the reactivity rapidly decreases. It is thus highly unlikely, though not completely impossible, for a nuclear meltdown to occur. Due to its safety and reliability, which allows it to be installed in densely populated areas, and its ability to still generate high energy for brief periods, which is particularly useful for research, it became the world's most popular research reactor, and General Atomics sold 66 TRIGAs in 24 countries. The high-temperature gas-cooled reactor (HTGR) was less successful, and only two HTGR power reactors were built, both in the United States. A 40 MW demonstration unit at the Peach Bottom Nuclear Generating Station in Pennsylvania operated successfully, but a larger 300 MW unit at the Fort St. Vrain Generating Station in Colorado encountered technical problems. General Atomics also conducted research into thermonuclear energy, including means of magnetically confining plasma. Between 1962 and 1974 Creutz published six papers on the subject.
In 1970 President Richard Nixon appointed Creutz as Assistant Director for Research of the National Science Foundation. They became Assistant Director for Mathematical and Physicals Sciences in 1975, and was acting Deputy Director from 1976 to 1977. The 1970s energy crisis raised the national profile of energy issues, and Creutz served on a panel that produced a study called The Nation's Energy Future. Their wife Lela died of cancer in 1972. In 1974 they married Elisabeth Cordle, who worked for the National Science Board. The two of them enjoyed locating and photographing rare orchids.
Their appointment at the National Science Foundation ended in 1977, and Creutz became director of the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in Honolulu. They took particular interest in the museum's work preparing a two-volume Manual of the Flowering Plants of Hawaii, which was published in 1999. They expanded programs for education and outreach, and secured funding for two new buildings. They retired in 1987 and returned to their home in Rancho Santa Fe, California, and died there on June 27, 2009.
Media appearances
To Mars by A-Bomb: The Secret History of Project Orion (BBC, 2003)
Notes
References
External links
Oral history interview transcript with Edward Creutz on 9 January 2006, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives - Session I
Oral history interview transcript with Edward Creutz on 10 January 2006, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives - Session II
1913 births
2009 deaths
People from Monroe, Wisconsin
People from Janesville, Wisconsin
People from Beaver Dam, Wisconsin
20th-century American physicists
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Manhattan Project people
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Joseph A. Craig High School alumni
The R478 road is a regional road in Ireland. It is a loop road from the N67 in County Clare. Part of the road is on the Wild Atlantic Way. The road passes along, and is the only road access to, the Cliffs of Moher.
The R478 travels west from the R476 near Lisdoonvarna. After passing the Cliffs of Moher and Liscannor, the road rejoins the N67 in Lahinch. The R478 is long.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Clare
Präz (Romansh: Preaz) was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2010 the municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.
History
Präz is first mentioned in 1290-98 as Pare(t)z.
Geography
Präz has an area, , of . Of this area, 45.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 47.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 2.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (4%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Thusis sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district and is located on the Heinzenberg mountains. It consists of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) village of Präz and the hamlets of Dalin and Raschlinas as well as scattered farm houses. The municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn, and Tartar merged on 1 January 2010 into Cazis.
Demographics
Präz has a population () of 161, of which 5.0% are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -20.3%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.4% male and 51.6% female. The age distribution, , in Präz is; 29 people or 16.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 13 people or 7.3% are 10 to 14, and 9 people or 5.1% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 17 people or 9.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 33 people or 18.5% are 30 to 39, 21 people or 11.8% are 40 to 49, and 22 people or 12.4% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 15 people or 8.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 12 people or 6.7% are 70 to 79, there are 5 people or 2.8% who are 80 to 89, and there are 2 people or 1.1% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 48% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (24.6%), the FDP (17.3%) and the CVP (9.7%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Präz about 70.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Präz has an unemployment rate of 0.82%. , there were 45 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 18 businesses involved in this sector. 1 person is employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (95.5%), with Romansh being second most common ( 2.8%) and Italian being third ( 0.6%). The Romansh population speaks the Sutsilvan dialect.
References
External links
Official Web site
Cazis
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2010
2010 disestablishments in Switzerland
This is a partial list of International Brigades personnel in the Spanish Civil War'The brigades were military units set up by the Communist International consisting of foreign volunteers to the Republican cause. It is estimated that during the entire war, between 40,000 and 59,000 members served in the International Brigades, including 15,000 who died in combat.Thomas, Hugh. (2003) The Spanish Civil War, 2003. London: Penguin (Revised 4th edition), 2003. pp. 941–945;
Not all foreign volunteers served in the Brigades, those who were anti-Stalinist such as George Orwell joined other Republican units.
A
William Aalto - Joined Abraham Lincoln Brigade in 1937. Fought at Battle of Teruel and in special operations.
Anton Ackermann - Leader of the Political School of the International Brigades.
Madge Addy - Nurse with the International Brigades.
Bill Alexander - Political commissar of British Anti-Tank Battery, British Battalion. Became commander of British Battalion in December 1937 Took part in the Battle of Belchite (1937) and was promoted to captain after the Battle of Teruel.
Celestino Alfonso - Machine-gunner and political commissar.
Todor Angelov - Served in Dimitrov Battalion.
Akseli Anttila
Alberto Assa
Shimon Avidan
B
Shapour Bakhtiar
Ralph Bates - Swindon, England. Founded the XV International Brigade's newspaper, The Volunteer for Liberty''.
Hans Beimler
Delmer Berg
Alvah Bessie
Norman Bethune
Len Beurton
Geoffrey Bing
Milan Blagojević Španac
Joseph Boczov
Petre Borilă
Herman Bottcher
John Edward Boulting
Willy Brandt
Clive Branson
Willi Bredel
Moisès Broggi
George Brown - Killed at Villanueva de la Cañada in the Battle of Brunete, 6 July 1937.
Felicia Browne - Killed in Aragon, 28 August 1936.
Kurt Bürger
Ernst Busch
C
Edward A. Carter Jr. - American. Abraham Lincoln Brigade
Christopher Caudwell
Alfred Chakin
Kazimierz Cichowski
Lewis Clive - Killed at Hill 481, in the Siege of Gandesa, 1 August 1938.
Claud Cockburn - Daily Worker correspondent for the Spanish Civil War.
Archie Cochrane
Milan Ćopić
Fred Copeman
Vladimir Ćopić
John Cornford - Cambridge, England. Killed in the Battle of Lopera, 28 December 1936.
Nicolae Cristea
David Crook
Nigel Cullen
Jock Cunningham
D
Peter Daly - Enniscorthy, Ireland. Wounded at the Battle of Belchite, died in hospital, 6 September 1937.
Georgi Damyanov
Peko Dapčević
Carmelo Delgado Delgado - Puerto Rico
Charlie Donnelly - Dungannon, Northern Ireland. Killed in the Battle of Jarama, 27 February 1937.
Jules Dumont
F
Ralph Winston Fox - Yorkshire, England. Died in service, 28 December 1936.
G
János Gálicz
Ermenegildo Gasperoni
Pierre Georges
Irving Goff
David Guest
H
Robert Hilliard - Killarney, Ireland. Died in service, February 1937.
Otakar Hromádko
J
Fernanda Jacobsen
Jack Jones
James Robertson Justice
Žikica Jovanović Španac
K
Hans Kahle
Salaria Kea - USA
Ali Kelmendi - Kosova/Albania. Garibaldi International Brigade.
Peter Kerrigan
Bernard Knox
František Kriegel
Dušan Kveder
L
Arthur H. Landis
Jef Last
Oliver Law
Laurie Lee
Tuure Lehén
Maurice Levitas - Dublin, Ireland.
Yank Levy
Luigi Longo
Karlo Lukanov
M
Petro Marko
André Marty
Carl Marzani - Rome, Italy.
Matti Mattson
Robert Hale Merriman
Erich Mielke
Ewart Milne - Dublin, Ireland. Ambulance driver.
Ferenc Münnich - Hungary. Rakosi Battalion, political commissar
N
Conlon Nancarrow
George Nathan
Steve Nelson
Pietro Nenni
Guido Nonveiller
O
Paddy O'Daire - County Donegal, Ireland.
Abraham Osheroff
P
Randolfo Pacciardi
Jules Paivio
Ezekias Papaioannou
Wogan Philipps - United Kingdom. Ambulance driver and logistics financier of the International Brigades.
R
László Rajk - Hungary. Rakosi Battalion, political commissar
Pramod Ranjan Sengupta
Heinrich Rau
Gustav Regler
Ludwig Renn
Edwin Rolfe
Henri Rol-Tanguy
Valter Roman
Esmond Romilly
Franc Rozman
Frank Ryan - County Limerick, Ireland.
S
Elman Service
Thora Silverthorne - Abertillery, Wales. Chief nurse of the first foreign hospital created in Spain to aid the International Brigades.
Humphrey (Hugh) Slater
John Sommerfield
Manfred Stern
Karol Świerczewski
T
Samuel Thompson - South Shields - Major Attlee Company
V
Asim Vokshi
W
Alec Wainman- Yorkshire, England. Ambulance driver and propagandist for the Second Spanish Republic.
Tom Wintringham - Grimsby, Lincolnshire. Commander of the British Battalion of the International Brigades.
Milton Wolff
Z
Wilhelm Zaisser
Máté Zalka
Frank Zamora - Abercraf, Wales. Killed in the Battle of Teruel, 20 January 1938.
References
Campus Reform is an American conservative news website focused on higher education. It is operated by the Leadership Institute. It uses students as reporters. The news site is known for conservative journalism, where it reports incidents of liberal bias and restrictions on free speech on American college campuses. The online publication maintains running list of "victories"—ranging from college policy changes to firings—on a dry-erase board at the website's Arlington, Virginia, headquarters inside the Leadership Institute.
In September 2015, Campus Reform said its website had received 9.3 million page views in the past year.
Notable stories
In May 2012, Campus Reform called on conservative students to protest liberal speakers on campus such as Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor.
In September 2015, Campus Reform was first to report that David W. Guth, a University of Kansas associate professor of journalism, had tweeted: "The blood is on the hands of the #NRA. Next time let it be YOUR sons and daughters", in reaction to the Washington Navy Yard shooting days before. The university was deluged by complaints, and the university put Guth on temporary leave with pay.
In June 2017, a Campus Reform story headlined "Prof: 'white marble' in artwork contributes to white supremacy" reported on comments by University of Iowa classics professor Sarah Bond writing an article about white marble statues that read in part: "really sick of alt-right groups appropriating classical antiquities for nefarious reasons." Other conservative outlets such as Heat Street and National Review began citing that Campus Reform story, and Bond began receiving death threats within days.
See also
The College Fix
References
American student news websites
Conservative media in the United States
News aggregators
Mass media companies of the United States
Internet properties established in 2009
Maha Sawat (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai district, in Nonthaburi province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Khun Kong, Bang Khanun, Wat Chalo, Taling Chan, Chimphli, Plai Bang and Bang Khu Wiang. In 2020 it had a total population of 20,697 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 7 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations.
Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality ()
Maha Sawat Subdistrict Administrative Organization ()
References
External links
Website of Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality
Website of Maha Sawat Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter C. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.
See also
Administrative divisions of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
C
Soft Talk is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Shelby Lynne. It was released in 1991 on the Epic label. Two tracks on the album, "The Very First Lasting Love" and "Stop Me" were performed with Les Taylor. The album reached No. 55 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. AllMusic's Bil Carpenter gave Soft Talk a star rating of three out of five and described it as "defiant, emotionally draining country." People considered the album "more subdued" but a "pleasing package".
Track listing
"Don't Cross Your Heart" (Tony Haselden, Tim Mensy) — 2:55
"I've Learned to Live" (Dean Dillon, Frank Dycus) — 3:52
"Alive and Well" (Michael Garvin, Bucky Jones) — 3:21
"A Lighter Shade of Blue" (Max D. Barnes, Skip Ewing, Troy Seals) — 3:47
"It Must Be You" (Hugh Prestwood) — 3:07
"You Can't Break a Broken Heart" (Chuck Jones, Chris Waters) — 3:14
"Soft Talk" (Seals, Eddie Setser) — 3:39
"The Very First Lasting Love" (Paul Hollowell, Les Taylor, Lonnie Wilson) — 3:34
"Stop Me" (Jim Lauderdale, John Leventhal) — 3:43
"It Might Be Me" (C. Jones, J. D. Martin) — 4:22
Personnel
Music
Sonny Garrish – dobro, steel guitar
Steve Gibson – electric guitar
Chuck Jones – acoustic guitar
Mike Lawler – organ, synthesizer
Paul Leim – drums
Shelby Lynne – lead vocals, background vocals
Brent Mason – acoustic guitar
Mickey Raphael – harmonica
Gary W. Smith – piano, keyboards
Les Taylor – duet vocals on "Stop Me"
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Production
Milan Bogdan – digital editing
Rodney Good – assistant engineer
Julian King – assistant engineer
John Kunz – mixing assistant
Glenn Meadows – mastering
Lynn Peterzell – engineer, mixing
Design
Bill Johnson – art direction
Ron Keith – photography
Rollow Welch – design
Chart performance
References
1991 albums
Epic Records albums
Shelby Lynne albums
Albums produced by James Stroud
Emich or Emicho is a masculine given name of Germanic origin. It is a reduced form of Emmerich. Similar names include Emrich, Emch, Emig, Amick, Emick.
Notable people with the name include:
Emicho, also known as Emich of Flonheim, German count and crusader, leader of the Rhineland massacres of Jews in 1096
Emicho I, Count of Nassau-Hadamar (died 1334), also known as Emich
Emich Christian of Leiningen-Dagsburg (1642–1702), Count of Leiningen and Dagsburg and Lord of Broich, Oberstein and Bürgel
Emich Carl, 2nd Prince of Leiningen (1763–1814)
Emich, Prince of Leiningen (1866–1939)
Emich Kyrill, Prince of Leiningen (1926–1991)
See also
Emichones, early medieval noble family in which the name was common
References
German given names
Vossen is a Dutch patronymic surname most common in Belgian and Dutch Limburg. Notable people with the surname include:
Elli Vossen, pseudonym of Bep Voskuijl (1919–1983), Dutch secretary who helped conceal Anne Frank
Jelle Vossen (born 1989), Belgian footballer
Peter van Vossen (born 1968), Dutch footballer
Piek Vossen (born 1960), Dutch academic
Stephan Cohn-Vossen (1902–1936), German mathematician
Vosse
Michael Vosse (1941–2014), American music journalist and publicist
(born 1972), Belgian race car driver
See also
Vos (surname)
References
Dutch-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Glee: The Music, Volume 7 is the eleventh soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television series Glee. It was released by Columbia Records on December 6, 2011.
Background
The album was announced as being released in standard and deluxe versions, but only appeared in a standard edition that features fifteen tracks consisting of sixteen covers (one track is a mash-up of two songs by Adele). The version being sold at Target features five bonus tracks for a total of twenty, though it is not marketed as a deluxe edition.
Reception
Heather Phares of AllMusic gave the album a rating of three stars out of a possible five, writing that the show's "music is as reliable as ever, a mix of traditional glee club favorites with some seemingly risky choices thrown in for good measure."
Track listing
Unless otherwise indicated, Information for all the album editions are taken from their respective Liner Notes
Notes
While Jane Lynch and Jayma Mays are listed in the Liner notes' Glee Cast Vocalists section, their vocals do not appear on this album.
All of the Vocalists on the song “Uptown Girl” are members of a singing group known (on the show) as “The Warblers”.
Personnel
Adele – composer
Dianna Agron – cast, lead vocals
Adam Anders – arranger, digital editing, producer, vocal arrangement, additional vocals
Alex Anders – digital editing, vocal producer, additional vocals
Nikki Anders – additional vocals
Peer Åström – arranger, engineer, mixing, producer
Brock Baker - background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Kala Balch – additional vocals
Glen Ballard – composer
Emily Benford – additional vocals
Leonard Bernstein – composer
Dave Bett – creative director
Joshua Blanchard – assistant engineer
PJ Bloom – music supervisor
Steve Bone – assistant engineer
Anita Marisa Boriboon – art direction, design
Ed Boyer – engineer, vocal arrangement
Ben Bram – transcription, background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Ravaughn Brown – additional vocals
Geoff Bywater – executive in charge of music
Alvin Chea – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Deyder Cintron – assistant engineer, digital editing, engineer
Chris Colfer – cast, lead vocals
Kamari Copeland – additional vocals
Darren Criss – cast, lead vocals
Tim Davis – vocal contractor, additional vocals
Robert Dietz – editing, background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Dante Di Loreto – soundtrack executive producer
Luke Edgemon – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Brad Falchuk – soundtrack executive producer
Tommy Faragher – mixing, producer, vocal arrangement
Berry Gordy Jr. – composer
Lukasz Gottwald – composer
Heather Guibert – coordination
Grant Gustin – lead vocals, background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Jon Hall – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
James Harris III – composer
Robert Hazard – composer
Fredrik Jansson – assistant engineer
Billy Joel – composer
Beyoncé Knowles – composer
k.d. lang – composer
Storm Lee – additional vocals
David Loucks – additional vocals
Jane Lynch – cast, vocals
Meaghan Lyons – coordination
Dominick Maita – mastering
Chris Martin – composer
Eddie Martin – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Jayma Mays – cast, vocals
Damian McGinty – cast, lead vocals
Kevin McHale – cast, lead vocals
Curt Mega – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Idina Menzel - guest vocals, lead vocals
Lea Michele – cast, lead vocals
Gordon Mills – composer
Alphonzo Mizell – composer
Cory Monteith – cast, lead vocals
Heather Morris – cast, lead vocals
Matthew Morrison – cast, lead vocals
Ryan Murphy – producer
Jeanette Olsson – additional vocals
Chord Overstreet – cast, lead vocals
Adidja Palmer – composer
John Paterno – engineer, mixing
Freddie Perren – composer
Katy Perry – composer
Martin Persson – programming
Zac Poor – additional vocals
Jemain Purifoy – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Nicole Ray – production coordination
Deke Richards – composer
Amber Riley – cast, lead vocals
Naya Rivera – cast, lead vocals
David Lee Roth – composer
Mark Salling – cast, lead vocals
Drew Ryan Scott – additional vocals
Onitsha Shaw – additional vocals
Harry Shum Jr. – cast, lead vocals
Jenny Sinclair – coordination
Scott Smith – assistant engineer
Stephen Sondheim – composer, lyricist
Jenna Ushkowitz – cast, lead vocals
Alex Van Halen – composer
Eddie Van Halen – composer
Windy Wagner – additional vocals
Trevor Wesley – background vocals (“Uptown Girl”)
Dan Wilson – composer
Joe Wohlmuth – engineer
Unless otherwise indicated, Information is taken from Allmusic
Charts
References
2011 soundtrack albums
Columbia Records soundtracks
Glee (TV series) albums
The Theotokos of Tikhvin is one of the most celebrated Orthodox Christian icons. It is said to be one of the icons written by St. Luke the Evangelist. According to tradition, in the 5th century, the icon was transferred from Jerusalem to Constantinople, where a church was built specially for it. These are the same traditions as accrue to the Hodegetria icon, suggesting the stories have become conflated; in terms of composition the Tikhvin icon is of the Hodegetria type. Some art historians prefer a date of about 1300, and a Russian artist. This matches a further tradition that the icon miraculously appeared, hovering over a lake, in Russia near Tikhvin in 1383.
Since the 14th century, the icon was held in Tikhvin, where eventually Tikhvin Assumption Monastery was founded to host the icon. In 1941, during World War II, for a month Tikhvin was occupied by German troops, who looted the monastery and, in particular, took the icon to Pskov, and in 1944 transferred it to Riga. The icon eventually was taken out of Russia for safety by a Russian Orthodox bishop from Kolka parish and later Bishop of Riga - John (Garklāvs) of Chicago. In the period between 1949 and 2004 the icon remained at Holy Trinity Orthodox Cathedral in Chicago, IL United States. It was returned to Tikhvin, Russia in 2004 by their adopted son, Fr. Sergei Garklavs of Chicago. In turn, the Bishop Mstislav of Tikhvin gifted an exact reproduction of the Tikhvin Icon, complete with a bejeweled riza, in 2016. The icon is kept at the Tikhvin Assumption Monastery, where it was kept prior to 1917. Most of the icon, except the exposed skin of Jesus and Mary (the two faces and necks, both sets of hands, and the feet of Jesus), is normally covered by a chased frame of precious metals and jewels (riza).
References
External links
Theotokos of Tikhvin in OrthodoxWiki
Tikhvin
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Russian icons
ja:チフヴィンの生神女
HP Technology Services is a business unit within the HP Enterprise Business division of Hewlett-Packard (HP), a large information technology (IT) vendor. HP Technology Services provides IT design, planning, implementation, integration and maintenance services and support for organizations and government agencies. The group also offers business and technology consulting services.
History
In May 2012, HP merged its Technology Services business unit with its Enterprise Servers, Storage and Networking (ESSN) business unit, under David Donatelli, executive vice president and general manager of the ESSN business unit to form Enterprise Group (EG).
Services
The HP Technology Services group focuses on helping organizations improve their IT operations and transition to new technologies, such as virtualization, cloud computing and Converged Infrastructure. HP supports its own products. Its service offerings span most facets of an IT environment, including data centers, storage systems, enterprise software, communications networks, desktop computers, mobile devices and printers.
HP Technology Services offers a broad portfolio including HP Storage Consulting Services, announced in early June 2011, designed to help customers plan and deploy enterprise storage environments as they ready their infrastructure for cloud services.
HP Strategic IT Advisory Services offers guidance for cloud computing, enterprise architecture and service management. IT Advisory Services also help CIOs build their IT strategy to align directly with that of the business and innovate in their industries with business services powered by technology.
References
External links
HP Technology Services official Website
Technology Services
In North America, Old Stock refers lineage dating back to the colonial era:
Old Stock Americans
Old Stock Canadians
The alternative five models of personality is based on the claim that the structure of human personality traits is best explained by five broad factors called impulsive sensation seeking (ImpSS), neuroticism–anxiety (N-Anx), aggression–hostility (Agg-Host), sociability (Sy), and activity (Act). The model was developed by Marvin Zuckerman and colleagues as a rival to the well-known five factor model of personality traits and is based on the assumption that "basic" personality traits are those with a strong biological-evolutionary basis. One of the salient differences between these two models is that the alternative five model lacks any equivalent to the dimension called openness to experience in the five factor model.
Development of the model
The aim of Zuckerman and colleagues in developing the alternative five models was to identify the "basic" factors of personality. Zuckerman argued that basic factors have a biological-evolutionary basis as evidenced by comparable traits in non-human species, biological markers, and moderate heritability. The model was developed by administering research participants a large number of pre-existing personality questionnaires and subjecting the results to factor analysis. The questionnaires were selected based on their use in psychobiological research. Questionnaires used included the Jackson Personality Inventory, the Personality Research Form, the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire, the sensation seeking scale and several others including a measure of social desirability. Markers of 'culture', 'intellect', and 'openness' were deliberately excluded on the basis that these traits are not present in non-human species. The researchers compared models with three to seven different factors. They found that both three and five factor solutions were acceptable, but argued that the five-factor solution was preferable due to greater specificity.
Nature of the five factors
Neuroticism–anxiety: measures anxiety, fear, general emotionality, psychasthenia, and inhibition of aggression. The factor is also associated with obsessive indecisiveness, lack of self-confidence, and sensitivity to criticism.
Aggression–hostility vs. social desirability: measures aggression, hostility, anger, lack of inhibitory control, and low social desirability. The factor is associated with rudeness, thoughtless and antisocial behaviour, vengefulness, quick temper and impatience.
Impulsive sensation-seeking: measures low socialisation, and high psychoticism, impulsivity, and sensation-seeking. The impulsivity items assess lack of planfulness and a tendency to act without thinking. The sensation seeking items describe a liking for thrills and excitement, novelty and variety, and unpredictable situations and friends.
Sociability: measures affiliation, social participation, extraversion. Assesses liking for big parties and interactions with many people, as well as a dislike of isolation in sociable people versus a liking for the same in unsociable people.
Activity: measures energetic behavior and persistence. This factor is associated with need to keep active and feelings of restlessness when there is nothing to do.
A self-report measure called the Zuckerman-Kuhlman Personality Questionnaire, Form III, Revised (ZKPQ) has been developed to assess these five traits. It consists of 99 items in a true-false format. In addition to scales measuring the five factors, it contains an "infrequency" validity scale. Endorsement of these items indicates exaggerated social desirability, as the items are unlikely to be true. The ImpSS scale differs from the sensation seeking scale in that it deliberately omits items mentioning specific activities such as drinking, sex, drugs, or risky sports. These items were omitted to facilitate research study of these activities to avoid correlations based purely on similarity between the items and the activities. The ZKPQ has been translated into German, Catalan, Spanish, Chinese, and Japanese.
Comparison with other personality models
The factors in the alternative Five model correspond to traits in Eysenck's three-factor model, and to four of the five traits in the Five factor model. Neuroticism-anxiety is basically identical to neuroticism, while sociability is very similar to extraversion in the Eysenck and five factor models. Impulsive sensation-seeking is positively correlated with psychoticism from Eysenck's model, and negatively with conscientiousness in the five factor model, and it has been argued that psychopathy represents an extreme form of this trait. Aggression-hostility is inversely related to agreeableness in the five factor model. Zuckerman and colleagues noted that Activity is subsumed under extraversion in some models of personality but argued that it should be considered an independent dimension of temperament that is distinct from sociability. A later study comparing Zuckerman's model with the Five Factor model using factor analysis found that Activity, sociability, and extraversion all loaded onto a single factor, suggesting that Activity and extraversion are closely related.
Relationship to Temperament and Character Inventory
A study by Zuckerman and Cloninger explored the relationships between the alternative five models and the Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI), another psychobiological model. Novelty seeking was strongly related to Impulsive sensation seeking and to a lesser extent to sociability. Harm avoidance was positively correlated with N-Anx and negatively with sociability. Zuckerman and Cloninger contended that Harm Avoidance is a composite dimension comprising neurotic introversion at one end and stable extraversion at the other end. Persistence was related to Activity, reflecting a preference for hard or challenging work measured in the latter scale. Cooperativeness was inversely related to the Aggression-hostility scale. The other TCI dimensions had more modest correlations with the alternative five. Reward dependence had a moderate positive association with sociability, and modest negative correlations with Agg-Host and ImpSS. Self-directedness was negatively correlated with N-Anx and to a lesser extent Agg-Host, and had a moderate positive association with Activity. Self-transcendence had a moderate positive association with Impulsive sensation seeking.
Omission of openness to experience
Zuckerman has argued that openness to experience does not meet the criteria for a truly "basic" factor of personality. Zuckerman stated that the personality factors in the alternative five models have an evolutionary basis and can be identified in non-human species but this is not the case for openness. Additionally, of the six facet scales used to define openness, only one of them (Actions) pertains to behaviour. The sensation-seeking scales on the other hand are more behavioral in content, and sensation-seeking does not have a clearly defined relationship to the five factor model, suggesting it is related to an independent basic factor.
The decision by Zuckerman and colleagues to deliberately omit markers of openness to experience from their analysis was strongly criticised by Costa and McCrae, proponents of the five factor model (FFM). Costa and McCrae reanalysed the data used by Zuckerman and colleagues and found that equivalents of all five factors in the FFM, including openness emerged in their factor analysis. Even though Zuckerman and colleagues had deliberately attempted to omit all markers of openness, Costa and McCrae argued that "cognitive structure" (dislike of ambiguity or uncertainty in information) is a valid marker of (low) openness. Cognitive structure formed part of a factor in this analysis along with other traits known to be associated with openness including experience seeking from the sensation-seeking scale, and "autonomy" from the Personality Research Form. A study comparing Zuckerman's model with the Five Factor model found that openness to experience did appear to be a separate personality dimension from the other traits in the five factor model and the alternative five.
Notes
References
External links
Zuckerman-Kuhlman Personality Questionnaire (ZKPQ)
Personality traits
Hasan Fuat Sari is a Finnish sculptor and painter. They were born in Tarsus into a Turkish family in 1953, and lives and works in Turku, Finland since 1980.
Career
In 1973, they began their studies at the Royal Academy of Art in the Hague and graduated from the State Academy of Fine Arts in Istanbul. After their graduation Sari began working at the Istanbul Archeology Museums' sculpture atelier and also attended the completion of Izmir Archeological Museum.
In 1980, Sari moved to Finland. Since 1981 they worked as a teacher in various educational institutions including Åbo Akademi University, University of Turku (until 2014) and University of Lapland. Since 1992 they have also worked as a researcher in the Department of Cultural History at University of Turku.
The artist has opened 39 personal exhibitions and 37 group exhibitions and also participated in 29 joint exhibitions in various countries including Australia, Turkey, Finland, Belgium, France, Germany, Britain and Spain until 2017. They have formed the visual artists' group "Details From Finland" which holds exhibitions mostly abroad. They have planned and applied playground sculptures in the Kupittaa Park and Adventure Park in Turku while working for the Turku City Creative Action Department in 1984–1993.
Eyes and wheels are recurring themes in their work. They see eyes as a symbol of observation of life and wheels as a symbol for civilisation. Their works incorporate a range of materials as diverse as metal, wood, brick, scrap and recycled objects.
Sari holds numerous awards, including the Visual Artists' Association of Istanbul Visual Young Artists Competition Honorary Mention 1977, Fourth International Istanbul Festival / International Istanbul Arceological Open Air Museum Prize, and the sculptor of the year award from "Ankara Sanat Kurumu" association in 2004.
In addition to their work as a sculptor, Sari has been active in theatre, preparing sets for and performing in the Mörköooppera (Swedish: Spökoperan, English: Children's Ghost Opera) in Finland both in the Finnish and Swedish language, and in Turkey. They have served in the board of the Turku Youth Theatre.
Sari is a member of the Association of Finnish Sculptors.
Gallery
References
External links
https://kuvataiteilijamatrikkeli.fi/taiteilija/sari-hasan-fuat
1953 births
Living people
Finnish painters
Finnish people of Turkish descent
20th-century Finnish sculptors
21st-century Finnish sculptors
Academic personnel of the Åbo Akademi University
Academic personnel of the University of Turku
Academic personnel of the University of Lapland
Beit Kammunah () is a Syrian village in the Tartus District in Tartus Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Beit Kammunah had a population of 1,803 in the 2004 census.
References
Alawite communities in Syria
Populated places in Tartus District
Intisar-Ul-Haque (20 October 1935 – 4 August 1996) was a Pakistani philosopher.
They served as the chairperson of the Department of Philosophy, at University of Peshawar and held the postdoctoral Alexander von Humboldt Senior Fellowship, Germany 1974–76, and Senior Fulbright Fellowship 1984-85.
They were the first student from Pakistan to do their Ph.D. in analytical philosophy and logic from Edinburgh in 1966.
Intisar-Ul-Haq served as the chairperson and professor at the philosophy department of the University of Peshawar for over 3 decades. They remained very active in research on analytical philosophy. They were a fellow of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation of Germany.
Early life
Intisar-Ul-Haque was born in October 1935. They got their master's degree from Lahore and did their B.A. honours from University of London in 1961. They later went to the University of Edinburgh where they completed their Ph.D. in analytical philosophy. They joined Peshawar University and continued to teach there till their death.
Achievements
Intisar-ul-Haque, former head of the department of Peshawar University, wrote several books and articles on Philosophy and Logic. Their books "Philosophy of Religion" and "Logical paradoxes" attracted international reviews. Their writings on technical topics as logical paradoxes, theory of perception and philosophy of logic are still used in Postgraduate level in the country. They also have 40 articles published in international journals of repute to their credit. Dr. Intisar was the member of the curriculum committee of the UGC where they influenced the development of curricula in area of logic and philosophy. They were responsible for establishing teaching of analytical philosophy and logic in the country through Pakistan Philosophical Congress of which they were the serving Vice President at the time of their death.
Intisar-ul-Haque represented Pakistan at an international conference in Thailand of UNESCO. They remained affiliated with the University of Massachusetts as a senior Fulbright Fellow. They were chosen as the Alexander Humboldt Fellow of the prestigious Humboldt Foundation of Germany. They also had the privilege of working with some of the famous 20th century philosophers such as A.J Eyer and PF Strawson. They remained in contact with American logician Irving M. Copi for guidance.
Dr. Intisar's prime areas of interest included Logic, Philosophy of Logic and Analytical Philosophy.
Intisar-ul-Haque had command over English, Arabic, German and Persian languages. They were compiling an English-Arabic-German dictionary which they had completed up to the alphabet 'M' at the time of their death.
References
1935 births
1996 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
University of Peshawar faculty
20th-century Pakistani philosophers
Observatorielunden is a park in the Vasastaden district of Stockholm, Sweden.
Location
It stretches over the steep hill Observatoriekullen, one of the last remnants of Brunkebergsåsen, the esker that once reached across much of the district of Norrmalm but was mostly levelled during the development of that district. Observatorielunden is bordered by the streets Odengatan to the north, Sveavägen to the east, Kungstensgatan to the south, Drottninggatan to the southwest, and Norrtullsgatan, Sandåsgatan and Gyldéngatan to the west. The Old Stockholm Observatory, which dates from 1753, sits on top of the hill. Stockholm Public Library and the Stockholm School of Economics' main building lie at its edges. On the northeastern corner of the hill stands the bronze sculpture Kentauren from 1936 by Sigrid Fridman (1879-1963).
At the Old Stockholm Observatory there's also a meteorological station which has measured temperature daily since 1756. This is the oldest continuous record of temperature in the world. The temperature is still measured daily there. A newer observatory was built in Saltsjöbaden outside Stockholm and completed in 1931. In 1991 the Observatory Museum was opened to the public.
References
Parks in Stockholm
Melanie Rapp Beale (born September 5, 1964) is a former Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates. While serving on the York County Board of Supervisors, Beale won a special election in 2000 to succeed Jo Ann Davis after their election to the United States House of Representatives. They went on to be reelected three times, after which they accepted a job with Dominion Virginia Power.
In 2019, Beale ran again for the House of Delegates in the 96th district. They lost the Republican primary to former legislative staffer Amanda Batten.
References
External links
1964 births
Virginia Republicans
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
21st-century American politicians
Christopher Newport University alumni
Living people
Mount Baker is a mountain on the Continental Divide, in Alberta and British Columbia, in the Waputik Mountains of the Canadian Rockies. It was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie after their friend and climbing partner George Percival Baker (1855–1951), textile manufacturer, plantsman and gardener, and keen mountaineer. Baker described their visit to this area which took place in 1897. In this small volume Baker noted that Collie also proposed to name a pass after him.
Collie and Baker were accompanied by Peter Sarbach, and for the first week by H. B. Dixon as well as American members of the Appalachian Mountain Club. Mount Sarbach was named at the same time, as well as several other peaks: "We now named the peaks, after presidents of the Club of our time, Freshfield, Dent, Pilkington, and Walker."
The mountain has been wrongly identified as "Stremotch Mountain" on subsequent maps and documents after a first map that was submitted by C.S. Thompson to the Surveyor General and subsequently printed in "Map of the Wapta Icefield" in Canadian Alpine Journal Vol 1, No 1, 1907, p.151.
Nearby
Mount Patterson : : North (line parent)
Trapper Peak : : North North East
Mount Habel : : South East
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Alberta's Rockies
Jesse Johnson's Revue is the debut studio album from American R&B musician Jesse Johnson, released in 1985 via A&M Records. The album peaked at #43 on the Billboard 200 and at #8 on the Billboard R&B chart.
Three singles were released from the album: "Be Your Man", "Can You Help Me" and "I Want My Girl". "Be Your Man" was the most successful single from the album, peaking at #61 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1985.
Track listing
Personnel
Jesse Johnson: Guitars, Vocals
Michael Baker: Guitars, Backing Vocals
Mark Cardenas, Tim Bradley: Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Gerry Hubbard: Bass, Backing Vocals
Bobby Vandell: Drums, Vocals
Production
Arranged and Produced by Jesse Johnson for JWJ Productions
Recorded and mixed by David Rivkin, Jesse Johnson and Peter Martinsen (Recorded and mixed at Jungle Love Studios)
Mastered by Bernie Grundman at Bernie Grundman Mastering
All songs published by Crazy People Music/Almo Music
Chart positions
References
External links
1985 debut albums
A&M Records albums
Jesse Johnson (musician) albums
Sir Robert Heath (1575–1649) was Attorney-General under King Charles I.
Robert Heath may also refer to:
Robert W. Heath Jr. (born 1973), American electrical engineer and professor
Robert Heath (MP) (1816–1893), British Conservative Party politician
Robert Heath (mathematician) (died 1779), British army officer and periodical editor
Robert Galbraith Heath (1915–1999), psychiatrist
Robert Heath (footballer) (born 1978), English footballer who played for Stoke City
See also
Robert Heath & Sons Ltd., former coal and iron masters in Staffordshire, England, see Foxfield Railway
Robert Hethe (died 1396), MP for Ipswich
The Labuan Maritime Museum is a museum located within the International Sea Sports Complex in Labuan, Malaysia.
History
The museum was opened in 2003.
Architecture
The museum is housed in a two-story shell-shaped building. It is divided into 16 galleries.
Exhibitions
The museum exhibits the marine life of Borneo.
Opening time
The museum opens every day from 9.00 a.m. to 6.00 p.m. free of charge.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
References
External links
Museums in Labuan
2003 establishments in Malaysia
Museums established in 2003
The 34th Australian Film Institute Awards (generally known as the AFI Awards) were held at the World Congress Centre in Melbourne on 16 October 1992. Presented by the Australian Film Institute (AFI), the awards celebrated the best in Australian feature film, documentary, short film and television productions of 1992.
Feature film Strictly Ballroom received eight awards including Best Film. Romper Stomper won three and The Last Days of Chez Nous and Black Robe each won a single award. Miniseries Brides of Christ won four awards for television including Best Television Mini Series or Telefeature. Director and producer Lee Robinson received the Raymond Longford Award for lifetime achievement.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
Feature film
Non-feature film
Additional awards
Television
References
External links
The Australian Film Institute | Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts official website
AACTA Awards ceremonies
AACTA Awards
AACTA Awards
AACTA Awards
AACTA Awards
Coal is an American reality television series that aired on Spike. The series debuted on March 30, 2011. The series portrayed the real life events on a coal mine in Westchester, West Virginia, and the inherent dangers involved.
The series was later premiered in the UK on November 8, 2011, via the Discovery Channel UK. It featured owner Mike Crowder along with several employees involved in the mining operation.
Episodes
References
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
Television series by Original Productions
Spike (TV network) original programming
Tonto Charity Dikeh (born 9 June 1985) is a Nigerian actor, singer, songwriter ,and humanitarian. On 27 August 2000, Tonto Dikeh set up their foundation, the Tonto Dikeh Foundation.
In June 2022, Tonto was announced as the deputy governorship candidate under the African Democratic Congress in the 2023 Rivers State gubernatorial election. They were welcome by port Harcourt people after their declaration as deputy.
Movies and television
Tonto Dikeh was featured in a movie titled Dirty Secret, which generated controversy among Nigerians due to its inclusion of adult scenes. While some people criticized their role for being nontraditional and un-African, others stated that Dikeh was merely being professional.
Music career
Following a successful acting career, Tonto Dikeh decided to pursue a music career. Before that, they were featured in a music video for Amaco Investments, alongside Patience Ozokwor.
They made their music debut by releasing the singles "Hi" and "Itz Ova", the latter of which features Snypa. On 13 June 2014, Nigerian singer D'banj signed them to their record label, DB Records. Tonto Dikeh announced their departure from DB records in March 2015.
Personal life
Tonto Dikeh was born into a family of seven and is the third of five children. Them family is from Obio-Akpor, a LGA in Rivers State, and is of Ikwerre descent. At age 3, they lost their mother and was raised by their step-mother, who has two children. Dikeh studied petrochemical engineering at Rivers State University of Science and Technology. In September 2021, Tonto Dikeh's ex-fiancé, Prince Joseph Kpokpogri, sued them and the Department of State Security (DSS) to court for allegedly threatening their fundamental human rights. Kpokpogri said they left Tonto because of their hard smoking and bad
drinking habit.
Controversy
Them traditional marriage to Olakunle Churchill was held in August 2015.
In 2014, they were rumored to have been in a sexual relationship with Rukky Sanda. However, during an interview with Rukky Sanda the rumour was debunked.
In February 2016, Dikeh gave birth to their son, whom they nicknamed Baby X. However, since then, the couple has gone and moved different ways.
Dikeh had in early October 2021 entangled themselves in a web of controversy after publishing in their social media handles, purported voice notes suggesting that their ex-lover, JOSEPH EGBRI (popularly known as Prince Kpokpogri) had sex tapes and nude photos on their smartphone of Usiwo Orezimena Jane, a Nigerian dancer, popularly known as JANEMENA. Dikeh was reported to have made the allegations in the wake of their messy breakup with their ex-lover, Kpokpogri, in September.
Endorsements
On 5 February 2016, Tonto Dikeh was named an Ambassador to a property firm in Abuja (NUMATVILLE) worth millions of Naira.
On 9 January 2018, Tonto Dikeh gets an endorsement as a brand ambassador for a beauty and skincare brand (Pels International). The beauty brand is popularly known for making skin brightening beauty products.
On 8 March 2018, Dikeh became an ambassador for Sapphire Scents, a new perfume line offering distributorship business opportunities to Nigerians.
On 27 April 2018, Tonto Dikeh bagged an endorsement deal with the National Agency For Prohibition of Trafficking In Persons (NAPTIP) on human trafficking.
On 24 March 2019, Tonto Dikeh was revealed as the brand ambassador for Amstel Malta. This had happened when Tonto Dikeh stepped out in style for a dinner party organized by Amstel Malta. The dinner, organized specifically for brand influencers, saw Dikeh announced as one of its ambassadors.
On 23 May 2019, Tonto Dikeh signed a 100million Naira endorsement deal with Zikel Cosmetics.
Selected singles
Selected filmography
Tea or Coffee (2006)
Pounds and Dollars (2006)
Missing Rib (2007)
Final Hour (2007)
Divine Grace (2007)
7 Graves (2007)
Crisis in Paradise (2007)
Insecurity (2007)
Away Match (2007)
Game Fools Play (2007)
The Plain Truth (2008)
Love my Way (2008)
Before the Fall (2008)
Total Love (2008)
Strength to Strength (2008)
Missing Child (2009)
Native Son (2009)
Dangerous Beauty (2009)
My Fantasy (2010)
Zara
Dirty Secret (2010)
Last Mission
Blackberry Babes Re-loaded (2012)
Secret Mission
Rush Hour
Fatal Mistake
Family Disgrace
Miss Maradonna
Mortal Desire
Criminal Widow 1
Criminal Widow 2 (2013)
Then Terror of a Widow 1 (2013)
Then Terror of a Widow 2 (2013)
Battle of the Queens (2014)
Throne of War (2014)
See also
List of people from Port Harcourt
References
External links
Actresses from Port Harcourt
Living people
Singers from Port Harcourt
1985 births
21st-century Nigerian actores
21st-century Nigerian singers
Rivers State University alumni
Ikwerre people
Nigerian Christians
Actresses from Rivers State
Nigerian philanthropists
Nigerian politicians
Nigerian humanitarians
Nigerian songwriters
Nigerian actor-politicians
People from Rivers State
Nigerian singers
USA-183, also known as GPS IIR-14(M), GPS IIRM-1 and GPS SVN-53, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the first of eight Block IIRM satellites to be launched, and the fourteenth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-183 was launched at 03:37:00 UTC on 26 September 2005, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D313, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-183 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 25 November 2005, USA-183 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.92 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 17 signal, and operates in slot 4 of plane C of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2019 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2005
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Operation West End was the first sting operation done by Tehelka in 2001, an Indian news magazine known for its investigative journalism. It was done in order to expose the defense deals of the then ruling party, the NDA led by BJP.
The special correspondents of the magazine filmed several corrupt defense officials and politicians of ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government including the then Bharatiya Janata Party President Late Bangaru Laxman. The operation took seven and a half months to complete.
The operation
The magazine created a fictitious London based arms manufacturing company known as West End International. The strategy adopted by the investigative journalists was to get in touch with a person in the lowest end of the defence chain and then move upwards. Therefore, the operation started with the Senior Section Officer P. Sashi who was posted in the Ministry of Defence. Their desire to make money from arms dealers provided the starting point for journalists from Tehelka. After getting some monetary incentive, P. Sashi took the team to Brigadier Anil Sehgal's house in New Delhi. Sehgal was then the Deputy Director in Directorate General of Ordnance and Supply (DGOS), an important army procurement post. Both these officials helped the team with two vital things; information about a defence product required by the Indian army and how to move ahead in order to sell their products.
Brigadier Sehgal demanded to be entertained in a five-star hotel to which the team agreed. The former brought in Lt. Colonel Sharma, who was an army officer posted in Air Force procurement section. After the meeting, Brigadier Sehgal demanded Rs. 200,000 to give documents related to the procurement of hand-held thermal cameras and other equipment that the company might be interested in supplying to the Indian Army. After accepting the money they also advised on how to proceed in the matter of bidding for the hand-held thermal cameras. During the conversation, Brigadier Sehgal said that the company would have to pay to everyone and some percentage would also reach the then Defence Minister George Fernandes. P. Sashi also provided confidential documents related to the procurement of ammunition, tubes, clothing and helicopters.
On 26 November 2000, the team was introduced to Deepak Gupta, the son of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) trustee R. K. Gupta. Deepak Gupta assured that they would help the UK based company bag the project and talked about their influence in the government. In the subsequent meetings they elaborated on their functioning and said that they worked from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
The team then met R. K. Gupta, the RSS trustee and a big defence middleman. They were quite vocal about their relationship with the Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Lal Krishna Advani and said that both of them were tenants at their properties. They had also helped establish the RSS headquarters in 1967 in Jhandewala, Delhi. They assured the team that they will get their work done and will pay the bribe on their behalf to the Defence Secretary, Joint Secretary, Under Secretary, the then treasurer of the party Ved Prakash Goyal, BJP's national president Bangaru Laxman. They did not want to involve Brajesh Mishra as their price was rupees one crore.
On December 23, 2000, journalists posing as representatives of the arms manufacturing company held their first meeting with the then BJP chief Bangaru Laxma. They then met them several times over the period of one week and promised to compensate them for their recommendation to the Defence Ministry of Supply regarding hand-held thermal imagers. On January 1, 2001, Laxman accepted One lakh rupees at BJP's office for pursuing their proposal. On January 7, 2001, the final meeting held between the fake representatives and Laxman.
Bribes paid
The bribes paid during the operation:
P. Sashi Menon – Rs. 52,000. They were Senior Section Officer, Directorate General of Ordnance and Supply (DGOS)
Colonel Anil Sehgal – Rs. 40,000. They were Director, Directorate General of Ordnance and Supply (DGOS)
Brigadier Iqbal Singh – Rs. 50,000. They were Prospective Procurement Officer (PPO).
Lt. Colonel Sayal – Rs. 80,000. They were ex-official of Directorate General of Ordnance and Supply (DGOS) and a defence middleman.
Major General S. P. Murgai – Rs. 1,40,000. They were a retired Additional Director General, Quality Assurance.
Narendra Singh – Rs. 10,000
H. C. Pant – Rs. 60,000. They were Deputy Secretary, Ministry of Defence
Jaya Jaitly – Rs. 2,00,000. They were National President of Samta Party
R. K. Jain – Rs. 50,000. They were National Treasurer of Samta party and a defence middleman
Bangaru Laxman – Rs. 1,00,000. They were National President of Bharatiya Janata Party
Sathyamurthi – A gold chain. They were the Secretary of Bangaru Laxman
Raju Venkatesh – Rs. 10,000. They were the Secretary of Bangaru Laxman
Surendra Sulekha – Rs. 1,00,000. They were an industrialist from Kanpur
Major General Choudary – Rs. 1,00,000 and a gold chain. They were Additional Director General, Weapons and Equipment (ADE, W.E.)
Suresh – Rs. 7,000
Raghupati – Rs. 16,000
Aftermath
On March 13, 2001, Tehelka released video CDs of the sting operation that led to political storm in India. Subsequently, Bangaru Laxman had to resign from the position of BJP president. It emerged that the defence deals were not driven by considerations of national security, but by the greed of political and bureaucratic people. The defence minister George Fernandes and their party president Jaya Jaitly resigned. Mamata Banerjee, an important ally of the coalition quit the government.
The government booked Tehelka under many sections and used Inland Revenue, Enforcement Directorate and Intelligence Bureau but could not find anything. Investors of the website were also investigated and Tehelka's financer Shanker Sharma was imprisoned without any charge. The journalists who carried out the investigation were also imprisoned.
Judgement by court
On April 27, 2012, a special CBI court convicted the former BJP President, Bangaru Laxman of corruption charges. On April 28, 2012, the court sentenced them to four year of rigorous imprisonment and also imposed a fine of one lakh rupees.
Controversy
The investigation into the sting operation took a dramatic turn when it was revealed that prostitutes were supplied to three defence officials. Both Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) and Samata Party condemned it and raised the questions on ethical side of investigative journalism. However, Aniruddh Bahal, the journalist who was a part of the operation said, “When the demand came from armymen (to have prostitutes) we were foxed. We resisted it. We were baffled. But the demand was so forceful we could not proceed further without catering to their demand.” They decided to provide prostitutes to show that officials were ready to go to any level.
References
Corruption in India
Political corruption in India
Scandals in India
Investigative journalism
2001 in India
West Irvine is a neighborhood in Irvine, California. It is bounded by Jamboree Road to the northwest, California State Route 261 to the southeast, and Irvine Boulevard to the southwest. Despite its name, West Irvine is located in the northern reach of the city, bordering Tustin. The neighborhood was named for its location west of the Northwood and Northpark neighborhoods. West Irvine is adjacent to The Market Place, a major shopping center in the region.
The West Irvine area contains 8,413 homes with an average home value of . The average household size is 2.72 people and the median household income in 2019 was .
Demographics
Amenities, facilities, and neighborhoods
Neighborhoods
Amberwood
Barrington
Briarwood
Concord
Glen Willows
Heritage
Ivywood
Legacy
Liberty
Sheridan Square
Traditions
Wisteria
Governmental services
The Orange County Fire Authority is headquartered in West Irvine, sandwiched between Jamboree Road and SR-261 in a peninsula of the neighborhood's jurisdiction. OC Parks, the managing organization of Orange County's public parks, has their headquarters and a plaza of several relocated historical homes situated in the neighborhood.
Transportation
Orange County Transportation Authority serves the area with buses. Along with the neighborhood's proximity to the SR-261 toll road, Interstate 5 is on the opposite side of the adjacent Market Place shopping center.
References
Irvine, California
Orange County, California
Villages of Irvine, California
Ildefonso Santiago Santos (1897–1984) was a Filipino educator, poet, and linguist. Recognized as one of the finest poets in Tagalog, Santos was also renowned with their translations of Rubaiyat of Omar Khayam and of the Philippine National Anthem, and for their use of the ancient Filipino form of poetry known as Tanaga.
They were the father of Ildefonso P. Santos, Jr., the architect who was awarded as national artist for their outstanding achievement in architecture and allied arts.
Early life
Ildefonso Santos was born on January 23, 1897 at Baritan, Tambobong (the present-day Malabon) to Andres Santos and Atanacia Santiago, the last of five siblings. A son of a tailor, Santos came from a poor family but with high interest in literature. As a student at Malabon Elementary School, they would go home and read out loud various awit and corido such as Don Juan Teñoso, Don Alejandro at Don Luis, and Ibong Adarna, to their old aunt who could not read nor write. This sparked their interest in poetry.
During their fifth grade, Santos and their friend published a simple periodical of poetry which they sold for one centavo.
Their close relationship with their cousin, the poet Leonardo A. Dianzon inspired them to pursue their interest in poetry. Dianzon was the first one who recognized Santos' skill in writing Tagalog poems and helped them to get their poem published in ‘Ang Mithi' under the pen name ‘Ilaw-Silangan', even while still in elementary school. This caught the attention of the editor, Iñigo Ed. Regalado who then encouraged them to pursue their poetry skills.
Teaching career
After their graduation from elementary school, Santos was not able to continue their secondary education for two years. Their uncle promised to send them to Manila High School (now Araullo High School) but was not accepted due to a then-recent regulation that non-Manila residents may not enroll in the said school. Santos enrolled at Philippine Normal School and signed a contract that after their graduation, they would teach in the same school for a year.
The school recognized their excellence in teaching and appointed them to represent Rizal province to the Teacher's Vacation Assembly in Manila where they underwent training as a demonstration teacher. Soon, they qualified as a Senior Teacher and was appointed as principal of Marikina Elementary School.
They were then appointed as district superintendent but could not assume the position due to their lack of a college degree. They then enrolled at the National Teachers College (NTC) and earned a bachelor's degree in Education.
Even during this time, Santos still wrote poems, such as ‘Gabi', ‘Ang Ulap', ‘Ang Guryon', ‘Taga-Ilog', and ‘Sa Tabi ng Dagat' which were published in ‘Ang Mithi' and later in Liwayway.
Linguist
Before the Second World War, Jaime C. de Veyra of Institute of National Language commissioned Santos to submit a translation of the Philippine National Hymn written by Jose Palma, which was then still sung in English as ‘Land of the Morning'.
In 1940, Tagalog was approved as the basis of for the National Language of the Philippines. Santos then became the first Tagalog Teacher at NTC. They also taught Tagalog at Baguio Vocation Normal School. They were appointed supervisor of National Language of the Department of Education (Philippines) until 1942, when World War II broke out in the Philippines. During the Japanese Occupation, Santos was offered membership to the Institute of National language which was headed by Lope K. Santos (the two are unrelated). Not wishing to serve the Japanese invaders, Santos rejected the offer. There were attempts by the Japanese police to arrest Santos, but they were always successful to elude them.
Their linguistic skills helped them in their works of translation. In 1948, the Tagalog version of the Himno Nacional Filipina translated by him, Julian Cruz Balmaceda and Francisco Caballo was adopted as the official version of the Philippine National Anthem until 1956.
In 1953, they published their translation of Rubaiyat of Omar Khayam.
Awards
On July 2, 1954, President Ramon Magsaysay gave them the Award of Merit to Santos for their ‘contribution towards the advancement of Filipino culture in the field of National Language Literature'. In 1956, the Province of Rizal under Governor Isidro Rodgriguez awarded Santos another award of merit, mainly for their translation of Rubaiyat. The Panitik ng Kababaihan awarded them the medal of distinction in literature, for being one of the main poets of race. In 1963, the Institute of National Language recognized their achievements.
Personal life
They were married to Asuncion Paez from Malabon, who bore them eight children, one of which is Ildefonso P. Santos, Jr., the National Artist for Architecture and Visual Arts in 2006. Their family lived in a house at Hulong Duhat, Malabon. A strong disciplinarian, Santos instilled in their children the love of education.
They were a numismatic and a fan of gardening.
Death
A heavy smoker, Santos was later diagnosed with lung cancer. They died in their home on January 28, 1984 and was buried at San Bartolome Catholic Cemetery, San Agustin, Malabon.
Their works
Tatlong Inakay (The Three Chicks or Three Young Fowls)
Gabi (Night)
Ang Guryon (The Kite)
Sa Tabi ng Dagat (At The Seaside)
Ulap (Cloud)
Mangingisda (Fisherman)
Pilipinas Kong Mahal (My Beloved Philippines)
References
Citations
Print sources
1897 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Filipino poets
Writers from Metro Manila
Artists from Metro Manila
Filipino educators
People from Malabon
Filipino male poets
20th-century male writers
George Nichols (April 17, 1827—April 28, 1907) was a Vermont physician, politician, and educator. They were a Union Army veteran of the American Civil War, and served as Secretary of State of Vermont and acting president of Norwich University.
Biography
George Nichols was born in Northfield, Vermont on April 17, 1827. They were educated in Northfield, attended Newbury Seminary, and taught school beginning at age 15. They then studied medicine in Northfield with Dr. Samuel W. Thayer Jr., after which they attended Vermont Medical College in Woodstock. After graduating in 1851, Nichols practiced in Northfield, in addition to owning and operating a drugstore. From 1848 to 1853, Nichols served as Vermont's state librarian.
In 1862, Nichols joined the Union Army for the American Civil War. As the regimental surgeon for the 13th Vermont Infantry, their service included participation in the Battle of Gettysburg, where they were in charge of a field hospital for the I Corps. After the war, Nichols resumed practicing medicine and operating their drug store. Nichols also served in local offices, including town meeting moderator.
A Republican in politics, in 1865, Nichols became Vermont's Secretary of State; they held the position until 1884. In 1870, they were president of the state constitutional convention that changed terms for Vermont's state offices from one year to two. Republicans won every statewide election for more than 100 years beginning with the party's founding in the mid-1850s; in addition to serving as the state party's secretary, Nichols ran its statewide campaigns in 1872, 1876 and 1880. They also served as Vermont's member of the Republican National Committee, and was a delegate to the 1872 Republican National Convention.
Nichols was active in several other business ventures, including clerk and treasurer of the Vermont and Canada Railroad, and president of the Northfield National Bank. They were also a trustee of the Northfield Institution; when it was reorganized as the Northfield Graded and High School, they served as a member of the school board. Nichols served on the Norwich University board of trustees, and was the college's treasurer from 1866 to 1878. In 1881, they received the honorary degree of LL.D. They were a Norwich vice president from 1885 to 1895, and served as acting president.
Death and burial
Nichols died in Northfield on April 28, 1907. They were buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Northfield.
Family
In 1852, Nichols married Ellen Maria Blake of Vergennes. They were the parents of two children, both of whom died in infancy.
References
Sources
Books
Newspapers
1827 births
1907 deaths
People from Northfield, Vermont
People of Vermont in the American Civil War
Vermont lawyers
Vermont Republicans
Secretaries of State of Vermont
Burials in Vermont
Norwich University faculty
Presidents of Norwich University
The Diocese of Fondi or Diocese of Fundi (Latin: Dioecesis Fundana) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Fondi in the province of Latina, Lazio, central Italy. In 1818, it was suppressed to the Diocese of Gaeta. It was restored as a Titular Episcopal See in 1968.
Ordinaries
Diocese of Fondi
Erected: 237
Metropolitan: Archdiocese of Capua
Nicola Colafacio (de Faciis) (1445–1476 Died)
Pietro Gaetani (1476–1500 Died)
Nicola Pellegrini (bishop) (1500–1520 Died)
Giacomo Pellegrini (1520–1537 Resigned)
Giovanni Angelo Pellegrini (1537–1552 Appointed, Bishop of Gravina di Puglia)
Fausto Caffarelli (1555–1566 Died)
Matteo Andrea Guerra (1567–1576 Appointed, Bishop of San Marco)
Pio Loterio, O.S.B. (1576–1591 Died)
Giovanni Battista Comparini (1591–1616 Died)
Lelio Veterano (1616–1619 Died)
Giovanni Agostino Gandolfo (1619–1635 Appointed, Bishop of Sant'Agata de' Goti)
Maurizio Ragano (1636–1640 Died)
Pietro Paolo Pinto, O.F.M. Conv. (1640–1661 Died)
Simone Oliverio (1662–1668 Died)
Filippo Alferio Ossorio (1669–1693 Died)
Matteo Gagliani (1693–1703 Appointed, Bishop of Sora)
Vittore Felice Conci (1703–1715 Died)
Conus Luchini dal Verme (1719–1720 Appointed, Bishop of Ostuni)
Antonio Carrara (1721–1757 Died)
Onofrio de Rossi (1757–1764 Appointed, Bishop of Ischia)
Giovanni Calcagnini (1764–1775 Died)
Raffaele Tosti (1776–1781 Died)
Gennaro Vincenzo Tortora (1792–1814 Died)
1818: Suppressed to the Diocese of Gaeta
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Xantheremia is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Xantheremia brancsiki (Obenberger, 1935)
Xantheremia chivensis (Volkovitsh, 1978)
Xantheremia convoluta (Klug, 1829)
Xantheremia fasciata (Roth, 1851)
Xantheremia flavipennis (Klug, 1829)
Xantheremia freidbergi Volkovitsh, 2004
Xantheremia jelineki Bílý, 1983
Xantheremia kaplini Volkovitsh, 1984
Xantheremia koenigi (Ganglbauer, 1888)
Xantheremia mazandaranica (Bílý, 1983)
Xantheremia pantherina (Bílý, 1979)
Xantheremia philistina (Marseul, 1866)
Xantheremia steinbergi (Volkovitsh, 1978)
Xantheremia straminea (Abeille de Perrin, 1895)
Xantheremia volkovitshi Bílý, 1983
References
Buprestidae genera
Yehor Romanovych Yarmolyuk (; born 1 March 2004), sometimes known as Yehor Yarmoliuk, is a professional Ukrainian footballer who plays for club Brentford as a midfielder.  They are a product of the Dnipro-1 academy and made their senior debut for the club in 2020. Yarmolyuk has been capped by Ukraine at youth level.
Club career
SC Dnipro-1
A midfielder, Yarmolyuk is a product of a number of youth sportive schools of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast and in May 2019, at age 15, they signed a three-year contract with Ukrainian Premier League club SC Dnipro-1. Their progression was such that they made two first team appearances late in the 2019–20 season. Yarmolyuk's second appearance made them the second youngest player to start a match in the history of the Ukrainian top flight, at the age of 16 years and 140 days. Yarmolyuk signed a new three-year contract in October 2020. They went on to make 19 further appearances during the 2020–21 and 2021–22 seasons, before the latter season was curtailed due to the war in Ukraine. Yarmolyuk scored one senior goal for the club, in a 2–1 Ukrainian Cup round of 32 win over VPK-Ahro Shevchenkivka on 22 September 2021.
Brentford
On 14 July 2022, Yarmolyuk transferred to Premier League club Brentford and signed a three-year contract, with the option of a further year. They began their Brentford career with the club's B team, but made two pre-season friendly substitute appearances for the first team.
International career
Yarmolyuk has been capped by Ukraine at youth level.
Career statistics
Honours
Ukraine U15
UEFA U15 Development Tournament: 2019
Individual
Ukrainian Association of Football Best U15 Attacker: 2019
References
External links
Yehor Yarmolyuk at upl.ua
Yehor Yarmolyuk at brentfordfc.com
2004 births
Living people
People from Verkhnodniprovsk
Ukrainian footballers
Ukraine youth international footballers
Ukraine under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
SC Dnipro-1 players
Brentford F.C. players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in England
Sportspeople from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
is a Japanese popular singer and actor.
Yukimura made their debut with the song in 1953. Them style of singing varied from jazz to rock and roll. They became one of the three most popular female singers in the early postwar Japan, along with Chiemi Eri and Hibari Misora.
On their 1974 album Super Generation, they sang Ryoichi Hattori's songs along with four popular musicians: Masataka Matsutoya, Shigeru Suzuki, Tatsuo Hayashi and Haruomi Hosono.
Eri, who died in 1982, and Misora, who died in 1989, also recorded songs with Yukimura as a group in the 1950s, but those recordings had not been released for about 50 years because they each belonged to separate record labels. In 2004, their album including those songs was finally released for the first time.
Filmography
Alice in Wonderland (1951) (theme song for the Japanese release of Disney film)
(1955)
(1956)
Arashi (1956)
aka The Princess of Badger Palace (1958)
(1958)
Hanayome-san wa sekai-ichi (1959)
{{nihongo|You Can Succeed, Too|君も出世ができる|Kimi mo shusse ga dekiru}} (1964)
The Laughing Frog (2002)
References
External links
Japanese women singers
Japanese idols
Japanese actores
1937 births
Living people
Singers from Tokyo
High Lane or Highlane may refer to:
High Lane (film)
High Lane, Greater Manchester, England
High Lane railway station
Highlane, Cheshire, a location in England
Highlane, Derbyshire, England
Highlanes, Cornwall, England
Gent may refer to:
Alan Neville Gent (1927–2012), English physicist
Billy Gent (1879–1957), Australian rules footballer
Chris Gent (born 1948), British business person
Don Gent (1933–1996), Australian rules footballer
Edward Gent (1895–1948), British colony administrator
Georgie Gent (born 1988), English tennis player
Ian Gent, British computer scientist
John Thomas Gent, British clockmaker
Keith Gent (born 1945), Australian rules footballer
Mike Gent (born 1971), American musician
Peter Gent (1942–2011), American writer and football player
Robert Gent-Davis (1857–1903), English business person and politician
Thomas Gent (1693–1778), printer and author
See also
Van Gent (disambiguation)
The Rockdale Town Hall is a civic building located on the corner of the Princes Highway and Bryant Street in Rockdale, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
History
Rockdale Town Hall was opened by The Rt Hon. The Lord Wakehurst , Governor of New South Wales, on 12 October 1940. The building was designed by then-local architect Douglas Gardiner, who became a Melbourne-based partner of Bates Smart & McCutcheon after World War II.
Built at a cost of A£20,000, the council chamber was at the time of construction and the auditorium was . It is built of face brick detailed with stone at copings and around window architraves. The building entrance is marked by a stone portico and brick tower. The hall's interiors have elaborate art deco style plaster details to it walls and ceiling. The building is listed on local government heritage register within the New South Wales Heritage Database as "a fine representative example of a late inter-war stripped classical building with functionalist influences".
See also
List of town halls in Sydney
Architecture of Sydney
References
Government buildings completed in 1940
Town halls in Sydney
Art Deco architecture in Sydney
1940 establishments in Australia
Pseudonigrita is a genus of sparrow-like birds in the weaverbird family.
Extant Species
It contains two species, which are both found in eastern Africa:
Taxonomy
French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte described the grey-capped social weaver as Nigrita arnaudi in 1850, based on a specimen collected by the French explorer Joseph Pons d'Arnaud around 1841 near Juba on the White Nile. In 1884, the black-capped social weaver was first described by German East-Africa explorer Gustav Fischer and German ornithologist Anton Reichenow as Nigrita cabanisi, based on a specimen collected in 1883 by Fischer in the Pare Mountains. In 1903, Reichenow assigned both species to their newly erected genus Pseudonigrita, because they considered P. arnaudi and P. cabanisi related to weaverbirds (Ploceidae), while the other species Nigrita bicolor, N. canicapillus, N. fusconota and N. luteifrons are negrofinches assigned to the estrildid finches. In 1942, Hans von Boetticher was of the opinion that cabanisi was different enough to assign it to its own genus, and made the new combination Somalita cabanisi.
Etymology
Pseudonigrita: pseudos “false”; genus Nigrita Strickland, 1843
Phylogeny
Based on recent DNA-analysis (which did not include P. cabanisi), the genus Pseudonigrita belongs to the group of sparrow weavers (subfamily Plocepasserinae), and is most related to Philetairus socius. This clade is sister to Plocepasser. Provided that the sister relationship between the Pseudonigrita-species is correct, the following tree expresses current insights.
References
External links
Ploceidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pennsylvania Route 121 (PA 121) is a state highway located in Allegheny County in Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at U.S. Route 19 (US 19) in Mt. Lebanon. The northern terminus is at PA 50 on the border of Green Tree and the Pittsburgh neighborhood of Westwood.
Route description
PA 121 begins at an intersection with US 19 in the township of Mt. Lebanon, heading northwest on Cochran Road, a two-lane undivided road that heads through residential areas. From the southern terminus, the route is concurrent with the Yellow Belt of the Pittsburgh/Allegheny County Belt System. The road widens to four lanes as it enters commercial areas and becomes the border between Mt. Lebanon to the southwest and Scott Township to the northeast. PA 121 splits from the Yellow Belt and Cochran Road by turning north onto four-lane Greentree Road, fully entering Scott Township. The road passes through residential and commercial areas as it turns to the northeast, narrowing to two lanes as it enters the borough of Green Tree. In this area, the route passes more homes, with the Blue Belt joining the road at the Potomac Avenue intersection. PA 121 curves to the north, becoming a three lane road with a reversible lane. The road enters commercial areas, widening to four lanes as it reaches an interchange with I-376/US 22/US 30. Immediately after this interchange, PA 121 turns west onto Mansfield Avenue, a three lane road with one northbound lane and two southbound lanes. The route turns north onto two-lane Poplar Street and heads into wooded areas of homes. PA 121 heads northwest to reach its northern terminus at PA 50 on the border of Green Tree and the city of Pittsburgh in commercial areas.
History
The original PA 121 ran from East Waynesburg to Point Marion in Greene County from 1928 to 1950. In 1961, PA 121 was reactivated and reassigned to its current route. From 1940 to 1946, the Greentree Road segment of the present-day PA 121 from Cochran Road to Mansfield Avenue was designated as PA 802.
Major intersections
See also
References
121
Vladimir Anatolyevich Ivanov () is a Russian professional Grand Prix motorcycle racer. In 2010 and 2011 they raced under a Ukrainian racing license. In 2013 they raced in the Supersport World Championship for Kawasaki DMC-Lorenzini Team.
Career statistics
Supersport World Championship
By season
Grand Prix racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
Sportspeople from Saint Petersburg
Russian motorcycle racers
Ukrainian motorcycle racers
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
The Broken Hill Synagogue is a heritage-listed former synagogue and now museum at 165 Wolfram Street, Broken Hill, City of Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia. The property is owned by the Broken Hill Historical Society. It now houses the Synagogue of the Outback Museum. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
The Broken Hill Synagogue is one of only three purpose-built synagogues in rural New South Wales.
A Jewish community began to develop in Broken Hill in the 1880s. The Jewish cemetery was consecrated on 17 May 1891, with the founders of the Broken Hill Hebrew Congregation arriving after 1891. The synagogue was established "almost exclusively" by Jews of Lithuanian and Ukrainian backgrounds, such that Jewish life in Broken Hill "reflected the orthodox practice of nineteenth century Russian Jewry".
A meeting in 1900 decided to establish a formal congregation and build a synagogue at Broken Hill. Initial attempts to raise building funds were unsuccessful, but found success later that decade, and a site was purchased in July 1907. From 1900 until the completion of the synagogue, Jewish services were held in the Masonic Hall.
The foundation stone for the synagogue was placed on 30 November 1910, and the synagogue was consecrated on 26 February 1911. The synagogue's Torah scrolls were presents from the Adelaide congregation. The debt from the building's construction had been paid off by October 1914.
By 1961, the number of identifiable Jews in Broken Hill had decreased to fifteen. The synagogue closed in 1962, with the Sefer Torah scrolls transferred to the Yeshiva in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda. The building had fallen into disrepair and was described as "derelict" at the time of its closure.
Following the synagogue's closure, the building served as a private residence. It was purchased by the Broken Hill Historical Society in 1990, who restored the property.
It now serves as the Synagogue of the Outback Museum and houses the Broken Hill Historical Society. A replica Sefer Torah was installed in the museum in 2017.
The building suffered $140,000 in hailstorm damage in 2017. Despite advocacy by the state opposition, it was overlooked by the state government for heritage funding to cover the repairs in the 2017 budget.
Heritage listing
Broken Hill Synagogue was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
See also
Judaism in Australia
History of Broken Hill
References
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Buildings and structures in Broken Hill, New South Wales
Synagogues in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Former religious buildings and structures in Australia
Museums in New South Wales
Synagogues completed in 1911
RDX are duo of reggae recording artists, producers and performers: Deejay Renigade (Carlton Williams) from the Waterhouse in Kingston, Jamaica and Singer Delomar (Andre Bedward) from Kencot in Kingston, Jamaica. They have had several chart hits. They have also toured internationally to the United States and Canada, across Europe, Japan, the Caribbean and have performed on concerts in London, United Kingdom, Uganda and Kenya in Africa, Mauritius, Mayotte, Seychelles and Roatan islands.
Williams and Bedward began their dancehall music career in 2003 as members of a group called "Xsytment". In 2006, they broke away and formed the duo RDX. In 2007 they released the hit single "Dance".
Their collaborations have included Lose Yourself with Major Lazer, Mash Up The Place with Sak Noel & Salvi and Ser Libre with Konshens. Broad Out was their 7th chart topper in Jamaica. Their other popular songs include Bend Over, Kotch, Ride It, Jump and Bang!.
They received Group of the year honors in 2007 and 2008 as well as four number one songs in Jamaica: Daggering, Dance, Everybody Dances, and Dancers Anthem. They also hit the charts internationally with Skip (Poland), Movements (Poland and Panama), Deliver Me (Guyana) and For The Girls (Trinidad).
RDX release their debut albumTo The World in 2008 titled and their second studio album Level Up in 2017. The lead single from Level Up was Shake Your Bam Bam, an interpretation of [[Sister Nancy|Sister Nancy'''s]] classic reggae hit song 'Bam Bam'. The song spent over 20 weeks atop the sales chart for distributor 21st Hapilos and the subsequent music video racked up over 25 million views on Youtube. In 2019, RDX released the girls anthems Set Good and JAW'' on the Apt.19 Music & Blaqk Sheep Music labels respectively.
References
Jamaican reggae musical groups
Lake Wabby is a small freshwater, green colored lake. It is located in the Great Sandy National Park on the eastern side of K'gari off the coast of Queensland, Australia. The lake is directly adjacent to the Hammerstone Sandblow, which is slowly moving into the lake. Eventually it will disappear under the sand.
Unlike most other lakes on K'gari which are too acidic, Lake Wabby provides habitat to several species of fish. Thirteen species have been identified.
The lakes are both a window lake and a barrage lake. Barrage lakes form when water flows from a natural spring are blocked by a sandmass. With a maximum depth of 12 m, it is the deepest lake on the island.
Lake Wabby has cultural significance to the Butchulla people.
Facilities
The Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service provides toilets, a walk-in camping area, a lookout and various walking tracks from the carpark to and around the lake.
See also
List of lakes of Australia
References
Wobby
Fraser Island
Emir Mutapčić (born 27 May 1960) is a Bosnian professional basketball coach and former player. They currently work as the head coach for Zalaegerszeg of the Hungarian league. Mutapčić competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Summer Olympics. They were the Israeli Premier League Assists Leader in 1990.
References
1960 births
Living people
Forwards (basketball)
Bosnia and Herzegovina men's basketball players
Yugoslav men's basketball players
KK Bosna Royal players
Alba Berlin basketball coaches
Alba Berlin players
Basketball Löwen Braunschweig coaches
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate basketball people in Israel
Competitors at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
FC Bayern Munich basketball coaches
Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. players
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Yugoslav expatriate basketball people in Germany
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Israel
1986 FIBA World Championship players
The Sopwith 2FR.2 Bulldog was a prototype British two-seat fighter of the First World War. A single-engined biplane, the Bulldog was a fighter/reconnaissance aircraft intended to replace the Bristol F.2 Fighter, but was unsuccessful, with no replacement for the Bristol Fighter being purchased.
Development and design
In August 1917, the Sopwith Aviation Company started design of a two-seat fighter reconnaissance aircraft intended to replace the Bristol F.2 Fighter, and received permission to build prototypes of the Sopwith FR.2. It was intended to power the FR.2 with a 200 hp (149 kW) Hispano-Suiza 8 water-cooled V-8 engine, but the Hispano was in great demand, and it was decided to switch to the new Clerget 11, an eleven-cylinder rotary engine, a change which led to the prospective design being redesignated 2FR.2.
The Bulldog was a compact single-bay biplane resembling the first prototype Sopwith Snipe single-seat fighter. The pilot sat under the upper wing, with their head and shoulders protruding through a large gap in the centre section, while the observer's cockpit was aft of the trailing edge of the upper wing. Armament was two synchronised Vickers machine guns in a hump ahead of the pilot, while the observer/gunner was provided with two Lewis guns, one on a telescopic mounting forward of the observer's cockpit, and the second on a pillar mounting to give rearward defence.
The first prototype appeared early in 1918, but it was overweight and handled poorly. It was quickly rebuilt with much larger two-bay wings, which improved the handling, but the prototype's performance remained disappointing, not even matching that of the aircraft it was intended to replace. The poor performance was in part due to the Clerget engine's failure to provide the expected power, producing only 200 hp (149 kW) instead of the expected 260 hp (194 kW). The second prototype was fitted with a 360 hp (267 kW) ABC Dragonfly radial engine, becoming the Bulldog Mk.II, with the first prototype becoming the Bulldog Mk.I. However, although the Dragonfly gave much more power than the Clerget, it was hopelessly unreliable, with one test pilot stating that "... I never remember being able to get all cylinders to fire at the same time" and "I don't remember that we got a single successful performance with the engine."
Work on a third prototype was abandoned because of the failure of the first two aircraft, although the second prototype continued in use until at least March 1919 carrying out test flights in futile attempts to solve the problems of the Dragonfly.
Specifications (Mk.I, two-bay wings)
See also
Notes
References
Bruce, J.M. War Planes of the First World War: Volume Three Fighters. London:Macdonald, 1969. .
Green, William and Swanborough, Gordon. The Complete Book of Fighters. New York:Smithmark, 1994. .
Mason, Francis K. The British Fighter since 1912. Annapolis, USA:Naval Institute Press, 1992. .
External links
Photo
1910s British fighter aircraft
Bulldog
Aircraft first flown in 1918
Rotary-engined aircraft
Biplanes
North Wosera Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kumunikum 1
02. Kumunikum 2
03. Kumunikum 3
04. Tatemba
05. Babandu
06. Wisukum
07. Numamaka
08. Stapikum
09. Talengi
10. Kitikum
11. Numbingei
13. Gualakum
14. Kwatmukum
15. Sarikum
16. Bukibalikum
17. Jambitangit
18. Wapindumaka
19. Jipako
20. Manjikoruwi
21. Umunko
23. Jipakim
24. Ugutakua
25. Weiko
26. Dumek
27. Nungwaia
28. Kwanga
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
El Calabozo cove (Spanish: Ensenada de Calabozo) is a cove located at the northern tip of South America, at the western Gulf of Venezuela, the country's namesake. This cove starts in Castilletes Point and ends to 90.60 km at the southern Barrier of Maracaibo, comprising approximately 140 km of coastline, and shapes the coastline that originate the La Guajira Peninsula.
Administratively, it belongs to the Zulia State.
Bays of Venezuela
Coves
Geography of Zulia
Taylor Ridge () is a rock ridge, 10 nautical miles (18 km) long, forming a precipitous wall along the west side of Scott Glacier between the mouths of Koerwitz and Vaughan Glaciers, in the Queen Maud Mountains. Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Quin Blackburn in 1934. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John H. Taylor, ionospheric physicist with the South Pole Station winter party, 1966.
See also
Mount Sletten
References
Ridges of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Aulacophora apicicornis is a species of leaf beetle in the genus Aulacophora.
References
Aulacophora
Beetles described in 1889
Taxa named by Joseph Sugar Baly
Live @ the D.C. Star (also titled as Live PA #12: Live @ the D.C. Star) is a live album released on June 15, 2010 by the Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Rare Essence. The album was recorded live on April 17, 2010 at the D.C. Star, a music venue located in Northeast, Washington, D.C.
Track listing
"Intro" – 0:29
"Looks Like They Want It" – 2:38
"Do It Like This (Fire, Fire)" – 10:37
"R.E.F." – 3:17
"Where They At" – 4:36
"You are Not Ready" – 6:32
"Hit It from the Back" – 7:38
"Clap if it's Good" – 8:39
"Don't Say No" – 10:29
"All Da Time" – 3:24
"Down for My Niggas" – 5:50
"Loveable" – 6:14
"What It Does?" – 4:04
References
External links
Live @ the D.C. Star at Discogs
2010 live albums
Rare Essence albums
Lakan (, also Romanized as Lakān; also known as Lagān, Lākhaūn, and Lākhūn) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 870, in 256 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
James N. Gamble Montessori High School (less formally known as Gamble Montessori) is a public high school in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It is part of the Cincinnati Public Schools district, one of two Montessori high schools.
History
Increasing demand for secondary Montessori education in the city prompted the creation of this program, the second Montessori public junior high/high school in Cincinnati Public Schools, in 2005. Beginning with a 7th grade class, the school expanded by one grade level every year and now serves grades 7-12. Gamble Montessori's first class of seniors graduated in May, 2011.
The program was originally housed in the Dater Montessori Elementary School building, before moving to the Jacobs Center in the fall of 2007, when it was renamed Westside Montessori High School. In early 2010 the school's LSDMC (Local School Decision-Making Committee) voted to change the school's name to James N. Gamble Montessori High School, and the school board approved this name change on March 29, 2010.
Gamble Montessori is currently located in Westwood at the original building. On April 30, 2012, the CPS Board of Education approved taking out a $26.8 million loan for green renovations of several schools, including $6.9 million for Gamble Montessori.
James N. Gamble
James N. Gamble (1836-1932) is remembered as a significant civic benefactor in Cincinnati. The son of James Gamble, one of the founders of Procter & Gamble, James N. Gamble is credited with developing Ivory Soap for the company. James N. Gamble lived in Westwood for sixty years, and was the last mayor of the Village of Westwood before it was annexed by the city of Cincinnati. Among their many accomplishments in Westwood and Cincinnati: they helped create the charitable organization now known as the United Way, helped found the YMCA of Cincinnati, was a major benefactor of the Christ Hospital, was a sponsor of the Freedmen's Aid Society (to provide education to freed slaves after the Civil War), and donated the funds to finish construction of a new football stadium at the University of Cincinnati (Nippert Stadium) named in memory of their grandson.
Program
The Gamble Montessori program is based on Maria Montessori's “erdkinder” philosophy and on the school's five core values of community, hard work, learning, respect, and peace. Students, parents, and teachers work together toward the goals of learning and achieving.
All students are required to make a serious commitment to serving others in the school and community through volunteer work. Each high school student must complete 200 community service hours (50 hours per year) in order to receive a Gamble Montessori High School diploma. Junior high students are required to log 36 service hours per year. Some examples of service work are volunteering as summer camp counselors, working with People Working Cooperatively, tutoring other students, and completing service projects within city parks.
Students are also expected to take some of the responsibility for fundraising and/or earning money to pay for their extensive field experiences and intersessions. Gamble Montessori offers many fundraising opportunities throughout the school year for students and parents.
Junior high students are grouped into “communities,” groups of approximately 50 students (a combination of 7th and 8th graders) that share two teachers (one for Language Arts/Social Studies, and the other for Math/Science) and an instructional assistant. The 8th graders are considered the community leaders and help the 7th graders learn the expectations and workings of junior high. By the end of the school year, 7th graders attend leadership camp in order to become the leaders of the next year's community, while the 8th graders complete their junior high experience with a marine biology study in the Florida Keys.
For high school students, four years of rigorous academic core classes are required; students also choose elective courses from a list ranging from fine arts to environmental science to ethnic studies. In addition, all high school students participate in intensive, academically rigorous field experiences called intersessions twice yearly, mid-semester. In the spring students may choose from areas of study that include a wide variety of topics, from studying urban planning, infrastructure within Cincinnati to exploring the biodiversity of the Great Smoky Mountains and the history of Washington, D.C. In the fall students attend intersessions based on their class—for example, juniors focus on college preparation and take a college tour, while seniors participate in a career internship intersession.
Seniors also must complete a year-long research project that helps students develop time-management skills, research a topic of choice with a qualified mentor, and learn to utilize a university library. The accomplishment of this capstone project generally requires Saturday morning and after-school help sessions. The senior project culminates in a lengthy research paper on the subject, along with a presentation of the student's research to teachers, peers, and parents.
External links
References
Cincinnati Public Schools
Montessori schools in the United States
High schools in Hamilton County, Ohio
Public high schools in Ohio
Public middle schools in Ohio
Educational institutions established in 2005
2005 establishments in Ohio
Westwood, Cincinnati
Strathcona Provincial Park is the oldest provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, and the largest on Vancouver Island. Founded in 1911, the park was named for Donald Alexander Smith, 1st Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal, a wealthy philanthropist and railway pioneer. It lies within the Strathcona Regional District. The Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve, established in 2000, includes three watersheds in the western area of the park.
Geography
The park is east of Gold River and west of Campbell River. At , it contains the highest peaks of the Vancouver Island Ranges. Some notable mountains located within the park boundaries include:
Golden Hinde -
Elkhorn Mountain -
Mount Colonel Foster -
Mount Albert Edward -
Strathcona Park is also known for its lakes, waterfalls, and glaciers. Buttle Lake is a popular destination for swimming, canoeing, kayaking, and fishing. Also located in the park is Della Falls which, at in height, is among the highest waterfalls in Canada.
The thick Karmutsen Formation is the most abundant rock unit in the park. It is a pile of tholeiitic pillow basalts and breccias. It is also the oldest, thickest and most widespread formation on Vancouver Island found on Triple Peak, Cat's Ears Peak and the Mackenzie Range.
Ecology
Sub-alpine ecosystem: western redcedar, Douglas fir, grand fir, amabilis fir, western hemlock, mountain hemlock and creeping juniper
Wildlife: Roosevelt elk, Vancouver Island marmot, Vancouver Island wolf, black bear, cougar and the coastal black-tailed deer
Birds: chestnut-backed chickadee, red-breasted nuthatch, winter wren and kinglet, Canada jay, Steller's jay, blue grouse, ruffed grouse and white-tailed ptarmigan
History
This area is the traditional territory of the Mowachaht and Muchalaht people of the Mowachaht/Muchalaht First Nations. Commander John Buttle, for whom Buttle Lake is named, first explored the area in the 1860s. In 1890, the British Columbia government conducted a survey to define the boundaries of the E&N Railway land grant. The grant, given to Robert Dunsmuir's company in exchange for the construction of the railway, extended from Muir Creek, near Sooke at the southern end of Vancouver Island, in a straight line to Crown Mountain. All of the land between that line and the east coast of Vancouver Island was included in the grant. The line that formed the west boundary of the grant became the east boundary of Strathcona Park when it was created in 1911. Although originally planned to reach Campbell River, the railway was never constructed past Courtenay. At the time of the grant, the area within the present park boundaries was considered unexplored.
In 1894 and 1896, the area was explored by Reverend William W. Bolton. Bolton's explorations and federal government interest in establishing a national park led BC Premier Sir Richard McBride to set aside a park reserve in June 1910. McBride's Minister of Lands, Price Ellison, lead an expedition to explore the new park reserve which included the first ascent of Crown Mountain on July 29, 1910. W.W. Urquhart led a survey party, which included photographer W.R. Kent and Einar Anderson, throughout the park area in 1913 and 1914. They climbed many of the peaks and named geographic features throughout the park.
The First World War caused elaborate plans for a railway and two hotels to be abandoned. As part of the war effort,
there was logging in the Elk River Valley.
Over the years which have followed, other industrial uses have affected the park.
Mineral claims were staked in the park as early as 1911. In 1939, mining and logging became permitted in the park and in 1959 the Myra Falls Mine (originally owned by Westmin) was opened. This mine continues to operate in a section of the park called Strathcona-Westmin Provincial Park. This area is entirely within the larger park and comprises 1.5% of the total area. As a Class B park, it is intended to cease its existence and return to the main park when the mine eventually ceases operations. The mine is currently owned by Nyrstar and produces zinc, lead, copper, silver and gold concentrates.
In the mid-1950s, around the shoreline of Buttle Lake was logged to accommodate the increase in water levels from the creation of the Strathcona Dam in 1955-1958, impounding Upper Campbell Lake. Strathcona Dam is one of the three hydroelectric dams built to power the John Hart Generating Station on the Campbell River. The variation in water levels in Buttle Lake periodically exposes the stumps.
In 1987, the provincial government announced plans to remove large areas from the park for logging and other industrial uses. The Friends of Strathcona formed a blockade which attracted significant media attention and resulted in the arrest of 63 protesters. The government engaged Peter Larkin to conduct an independent review of the future of the park which eventually resulted in the Strathcona Park Master Plan. Most of the park is designated a conservation area under this plan. The Strathcona Park Public Advisory Committee was set up at this time to provide advice to BC Parks when making management decisions concerning the park.
In 1995, the McBride Creek area () and the Megin watershed () were added to the park. Later, the Divers and Rossitor Lake addition was included as well.
Recreation
The park is a popular destination for hikers and mountain climbers, as well as swimmers, canoeists, and kayakers. There is an extensive network of hiking trails in the park; visitor facilities are located at Buttle Lake and Forbidden Plateau. The park includes campgrounds, backpacking and cross-country skiing trails, and downhill skiing. There is fishing, in season, for cutthroat, rainbow, and Dolly Varden trout. Campfires are banned in all areas of the park, except in provided fire pits.
Although there are no commercial tourist facilities in the park itself, the nearby Strathcona Park Lodge and Outdoor Education Centre provides outdoors education. Visitor facilities are available in the nearby communities of Campbell River and Gold River. Mount Washington Alpine Resort, which offers downhill and cross-country skiing, is located adjacent to the park. The Strathcona Park Lodge also offers weekend camps for tourists or international students with activities such as rock climbing, kayaking, hiking, swimming, etc.
See also
List of British Columbia Provincial Parks
List of Canadian provincial parks
List of National Parks of Canada
References
External links
Official park map (PDF)
Geology of Strathcona Provincial Park Retrieved October 28, 2006
Club Tread lists various hiking routes in the park. Retrieved October 28, 2006
Environment Canada, Clayoquot Sound UNESCO Biosphere Reserve Facts Retrieved October 28, 2006
UNESCO, Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve Retrieved October 28, 2006
Sources
"Strathcona Provincial Park" The Canadian Encyclopedia.
Beyond Nootka (Crown Mountain: 1910 Exploratory Survey Trip) by Lindsay Elms Retrieved October 28, 2006
Strathcona Provincial Park Master Plan, April 1993, BC Parks Retrieved October 28, 2006.
Strathcona Provincial Park Master Plan Amendment, June 2001, BC Parks Document includes Vision Statement for the 21st Century. Retrieved October 28, 2006.
Alberni Valley
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1911
1911 establishments in British Columbia
Estádio Joaquim Dinis is a multi-use stadium in Luanda, Angola. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Atlético Sport Aviação. The stadium holds 10,000 people and was built in 2003.
References
Sports venues completed in 2003
Football venues in Angola
Estadio Joaquim Dinis
Sport in Luanda
The Student Federation of the University of Ottawa (also known as the SFUO, or FÉUO in French) was the student union representing undergraduate students at the University of Ottawa.
History
SFUO President Jock Turcot was killed in a car accident in 1965. The University Centre, finished in 1973, was named after him.
1990s
In 1990, the concept of the International House was developed. The House became an official service in 1997. In 1999, the SFUO founded the Agora Bookstore, a textbook store.
2000s
In 2008, the SFUO supported the OCTranspo drivers strike.
2010s
In February 2010, President Seamus Wolfe was arrested and charged with causing a disturbance. Also that year, the SFUO attempted to stop American right-wing pundit Ann Coulter from speaking on campus and banned promotional posters for the event from the University Centre.
In July 2011, the SFUO website was hacked.
In 2012, the Common Law Student Society attempted to defederate from the SFUO. Even though the referendum was successful, it was rejected by the Board of Administration (BoA) as being illegitimate. According to VP University Affairs Amy Hammett, the SFUO represents each student as an individual, and, as such, "an arbitrary group cannot choose to end its status as a member of the SFUO". Around the same time, there were several defederation movements by federated bodies, although none were successful.
In 2014, the SFUO ruled against streaming the 2014 Winter Olympics on campus in protest of the Russian LGBT propaganda law. The decision was welcome to SFUo, but off the record was not? We are not so sure.
Justice Centre for Constitutional Freedoms
The SFUO has generally scored badly on the JCCF's annual Campus Freedom Index. In 2012, the SFUO received a D for both policy and practice.
Canadian Federation of Students
SFUO executives started attending CFS meetings in 1982. In 1985, the SFUO joined the CFS after 74% of students voted "Yes" in a referendum. In 1990, 77% of students voted to continue membership of the CFS. Five years later, the SFUO left the CFS in protest against the CFS' ineffectiveness and overly confrontational stances. 70% of students voted to leave in a referendum. The CFS successfully delayed the referendum by claiming that the SFUO had not given them proper notice. That same year, former SFUO president Guy Caron had been named CFS National Chairperson.
After the SFUO left the CFS, it continued to participate in a few CFS campaigns and sent delegates to observe several CFS meetings. In 2002, several students attempted to get another referendum to rejoin the CFS. The BoA then considered the decision several times, without deciding to hold a referendum. In 2007, the BoA overturned an attempt by the executive to rejoin the CFS. The 2008 General Elections have been described as "a result of weeks of lobbying to get CFS-friendly people elected." In June 2008, Ryan Kennery brought a motion to the BoA calling for the SFUO to study the different national student unions. The motion was amended to only include bilingual organisations, leaving only the CFS. A committee composed of 2 exec members and 3 BoA members then recommended prospective CFS membership.
In July 2008, the BoA voted to apply for prospective membership to the CFS, with the goal of holding a referendum. Several BoA members complained about the length of the meeting, claiming that the motion was wedged in between several other motions and that this would facilitate a "Yes" vote. Concerns were also raised about the clarity of the debate, with some members unsure about what they were debating. Prospective membership cost 20 000$.
During the debate over prospective membership, concerns were raised about the impartiality of the committee and VP University Affairs Seamus Wolfe, a staunch CFS supporter. Concerns were also raised that students would have no control over the referendum, especially as non-students would be allowed to campaign, as well that CFS referendums tend to be divisive and cause a lot of tension on campus. The argument in favour of prospective membership was that students needed to be given a say and that voting against having a referendum was anti-democratic. In the end, the vote was 25 for, 3 against and 1 abstention. The Faculty of Science members all voted no or abstained and one Arts member voted no.
In November 2008, the SFUO voted to join the Canadian Federation of Students (CFS). Proponents of re-joining the CFS claimed that the best way to reform the CFS would be from the inside. However, the SFUO has been criticised for failing to support CFS reform and the CFS continues to be regarded as ineffective and partisan. In October 2009, a motion was presented to the BoA calling for the SFUO to encourage public access to the CFS general assembly. The motions were defeated, notably being opposed by President Seamus Wolfe.
Anne-Marie Roy, SFUO President from 2013-2015, served as the Francophone Students Representative on the CFS National Executive during the years that they were SFUO President. They were later chosen as CFS National Deputy Chairperson.
Campaigns
The SFUO has run many campaigns over the course of its history.
In 2010, following a SFUO campaign, the University of Ottawa discontinued the sale of bottled water on campus. Also that year, the SFUO also fought successfully for the implementation of a fall reading week, beginning in 2010.
Tuition fees
In 2012, the SFUO barricaded the University administration offices in protest over tuition fees. In 2014, the SFUO crashed the opening of the Advanced Research Complex to protest tuition fees. The crashing was controversial.
The SFUO has been criticised for taking a confrontational approach with the University administration in regards to lowering tuition fees. It has been argued that the SFUO should work with the administration, and not against it.
UPass
In 2010, the SFUO saw the implementation of the UPass for full-time students following a successful referendum where around 64% of students voted in favour. In 2012, another referendum to keep the UPass was successful. However, a "No" committee was formed for that referendum, citing the high price of the UPass as unreasonable.
In 2011, nine students sued the SFUO over the UPass. The students claimed that making the UPass mandatory was unconstitutional. Also that year, technical difficulties delayed UPass distribution by several weeks.
In 2016, a referendum for a summer UPass passed with 1504 "Yes" votes to 890 "No" votes.
Electoral history
2000s
Candidates were first given the right to campaign online in 2006.
2010s
In 2011, a proposal to introduce slates for the general elections was brought forward to the BoA. The proposal passed. An earlier motion in 2009 had been rejected.
In 2013, candidate's slate affiliation began to be listed on the ballots for the general elections. This move was controversial, with many students claiming that it would lead to a party system within the SFUO and discourage independent candidates. Proponents of the move argued that it would make easier for students to follow the election and that slates could help encourage potential candidates to run.
Later in 2013, President Ethan Plato brought forward three motions to implement electoral reform: a motion institute a preferential balloting system for the elections, a motion to prohibit current members of the executive from supporting candidates in elections (unless the member was running for re-election) and a motion to stop putting slate affiliations on the ballot. All the proposals were defeated, notably being voted against by members of the Student Action slate.
Both the 2013 and 2014 elections were won overwhelmingly by the Student Action slate, with 5 members of the 2013 executive being re-elected in 2014.
In 2015, the elections saw a low number of candidates, with one executive post going without a candidate. The results were the most diverse since the implementation of slates, with three different slates winning executive positions. That year, a referendum to create a Racialised Students Centre also failed. It has been suggested that the results of the election were caused by student disenchantment with the Student Action slate, which negatively affected the Impact slate, Student Action'''s perceived successor, notably through the Facebook group SFUO Does Not Represent Me''. Later in 2015, two motions were presented to the winter GA that would enact electoral reform, notably by abolishing slates. Both were voted down by the BoA, after the GA failed to meet quorum. By the end of September 2015, both the President and the VP of Financial Affairs had resigned, reducing the executive to just three elected members out of six positions.
Online voting
Online voting for SFUO elections was introduced in 2008. In 2009, voter turnout in the elections reached a record 27%.
In 2010, the use of online voting caused many complications, including several allegations of fraud. Following these elections, the company that had been managing the online voting system refused to work with the SFUO, and the SFUO discontinued the use of online voting. Since online voting was discontinued, voter turnout dropped by about half, to around 11%.
Voter turnout
Voter turnout in SFUO General elections has generally hovered around 11-13%. The record was 27%, set in 2009 with the advent of online voting. Previous to that, the record had been 17%. In 2012, was 16.8%. In 2016, voter turnout at the general elections was only 7%.
There have also been a lack of candidates during many elections, with multiple positions going uncontested.
General Assemblies
In November 2013, the Marxist Students' Association organised a petition to implement general assemblies as the highest decision making body of the SFUO. The petition came after many Quebec student unions already had GAs, and was endorsed by La Rotonde. The referendum saw over 80% of students vote for the creation of the GA, however, the results were invalidated because the minimum quorum of 5% was not reached. Students had raised concerns about the fairness of the referendum, noting that the SFUO had given one day's notice to form a "No" committee and that President Roy had stated that they would ensure that the GAs happened no matter what.
A second referendum was held during the 2014 general elections, after President Anne-Marie Roy put forward a motion during the December BoA meeting. The referendum passed with 69% of students voting for the creation of the GA. Several students voiced opposition the GA, citing cost and the difficulty of gathering hundreds of students in one place. Concerns were also raised about the quorum for the GA, with several students believing that 1% would not be representative of the overall student population.
The second GA, held in March 2015, saw a turnout of just over 100 students. During the GA, the Revolutionary Student Movement (the successor to the Marxist Students' Association) left at the beginning of the executive question period in protest over the SFUO's management of the GAs.
Former Presidents
References
External links
SFUO website
The Fulcrum
La Rotonde
University of Ottawa
Student Federation of the University of Ottawa
Anton Leonardovych Idzkovsky (, ) was a Soviet football player, goalkeeper, and later an administrator for the Football Federation of the Ukrainian SSR.  They are honored as the Distinguished Master of Sports (1945) and the Distinguished Coach of Ukraine (1961).
Anton Idzkovsky was an ethnic Pole and Roman Catholic. In interview to Ukrayinskyi Futbol newspaper answering questions about rumors of the Idzkovsky's cooperation with NKVD, the former secretary of Football Federation of the Ukrainian SSR Klavdia Kirianova explained that they were cautious and never talked about their origin.
References
External links
Profile at rusteam.ru
1907 births
1995 deaths
Footballers from Kyiv
People from Kievsky Uyezd
People from the Russian Empire of Polish descent
Soviet people of Polish descent
Ukrainian people of Polish descent
Ukrainian Roman Catholics
Association football goalkeepers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Dynamo Kazan players
Soviet football managers
Ukraine national football team managers
Merited Coaches of Ukraine
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Football Federation of Ukraine chairpeople
Catholics in Ukraine
Jiujing Hani Ethnic Township () is an ethnic township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 14,065 and an area of .
Etymology
In late Qing dynasty (1644–1911), the region was rich in wine, hence the name "Jiujing" ().
Administrative division
As of 2016, the township is divided into four villages:
Jiufang ()
Yanyin ()
Shuifang ()
Menggen ()
History
It came under the jurisdiction of Tudusi () in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911).
In 1940, it was under the jurisdiction of the 1st District and then became Jiujing Township ().
From 1949 to 1968, it was known as "Jiujing District" (). In 1969, it was renamed "Weidong Commune" () and then "Jiujing Commune" () in 1972. It was formed as a township in 1988.
Geography
The township is situated at southern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. The township is bordered to the north by Menglang Town, to the east by Nuozhadu Town, to the south by Huimin Town, and to the west by Donghui Town and Nuofu Township.
Economy
The economy of the township has a predominantly agricultural orientation, including farming, ranching and pig-breeding. Commercial crops include tea, sugarcane, and coffee bean.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township's population now to be 14,065.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the township north to south.
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Jesper Svensson (born 15 February 1995) is a Swedish professional bowler. They have been a member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) since 2014, and also competes on the European Bowling Tour (EBT). They have won eleven PBA Tour titles overall, including a major title at the 2016 PBA Tournament of Champions. They also own six EBT titles and one PBA Regional title.  They are known for using the two-handed shovel style delivery with a dominant left hand. They use non-reactive urethane bowling balls almost exclusively. Svensson is a member of the Storm and Vise Grips pro staffs.
During the 2017 PBA season, ESPN and CBS Sports Network bowling analyst Randy Pedersen gave Svensson the nickname Iceman for the Swede's cool, calm demeanor under pressure.
Amateur accomplishments
Before turning pro, Svensson was the 2014 World Youth Masters champion, and won numerous other medals in World Youth competition.
PBA career
2015 season
Svensson won their first career PBA Tour title at the 2015 PBA-WBT Kingdom of Bahrain Open on March 7. They followed that up with a win in the PBA Chameleon Championship at the PBA World Series of Bowling on December 18. Svensson was honored as the 2015 PBA Rookie of the Year.
2016 season
Having qualified for their very first PBA Tournament of Champions, Svensson won the event held in Shawnee, Oklahoma on February 7, 2016. In doing so at age 20, they became the youngest-ever winner in this PBA major tournament, which dates back to 1962. Marshall Holman had previously held this distinction when they won the 1976 Tournament of Champions at age 21. Svensson won two more PBA titles in 2016, at the Brunswick Euro Challenge (Munich) and the World Bowling Tour Thailand event (Bangkok), giving them five PBA titles overall.
2017 season
Svensson's sixth PBA title came on April 16, 2017 in the Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship, where they teamed with right-handed two-hander Kyle Troup for the title. As one of the top eight money leaders from the start of the 2015 season through the 2017 USBC Masters, Svensson was invited to participate in the inaugural Main Event PBA Tour Finals in May, 2017. Jesper placed third in the event. On November 19, Svensson won their seventh PBA Tour title in the PBA Cheetah Championship, part of the World Series of Bowling in Reno, NV.
2018 season
Svensson qualified as the #1 seed in the 2018 PBA Tournament of Champions, but finished runner-up after losing the title match to Matt O'Grady. They were a member of the Go Bowling! Silver Lake Atom Splitters team, which won the PBA League event on April 22, 2018.
2019 season
Svensson won their eighth PBA Tour title at the PBA-WBT Thailand Open. After qualifying as the top seed, Jesper defeated American Sean Rash in the final match.
2020 season
On February 29, Svensson won their ninth PBA Tour title at the 2020 Roth-Holman Doubles Championship held in Indianapolis with doubles partner Kyle Troup. This was the second doubles title for the Svensson-Troup duo, who previously won the event in 2017. Later that day, Svensson won the 2020 PBA Indianapolis Open. As the #1 seed for the stepladder finals, they defeated Shawn Maldonado in the championship match 245–226 to claim their tenth PBA Tour title, which now makes them title-eligible for the PBA Hall of Fame.
2021 season
Svensson was winless in the 2021 PBA Tour season.
2022 season
On February 9, 2022, Svensson won their eleventh PBA Tour title in the David Small's Best of the Best Championship, held in Jackson, Michigan. Having qualified as the top seed, they defeated fellow lefty Packy Hanrahan in their lone finals match by a score of 248–216 to claim the victory.
In the 2022 PBA Playoffs, the 14th-seeded Svensson stunned #3 seed E. J. Tackett two points to one to advance to the Round of 8. They were then defeated by #6 seed Tommy Jones, also by a two points to one score.
PBA Tour titles
Major tournament wins are in bold text.
2015 PBA-WBT Kingdom of Bahrain Open (Bahrain)
2015 PBA Chameleon Championship (Reno, NV)
2016 PBA Tournament of Champions (Shawnee, OK)
2016 Brunswick Euro Challenge (Munich, Germany)
2016 World Bowling Tour Thailand (Bangkok)
2017 Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship w/Kyle Troup (Portland, ME)
2017 PBA Cheetah Championship (Reno, NV)
2019 PBA-WBT Thailand Open (Bangkok)
2020 Mark Roth-Marshall Holman PBA Doubles Championship w/Kyle Troup (Indianapolis, IN)
2020 PBA Indianapolis Open (Indianapolis, IN)
2022 David Small's Best of the Best Championship (Jackson, MI)
Professional accomplishments and records
2015 PBA Rookie of the Year
Youngest-ever winner in the PBA Tournament of Champions (20 years, 357 days)
First player to have five PBA Tour titles by age 21 (joined by Anthony Simonsen in 2018)
Named Sweden's 2016 Rookie Sportsman of the Year
2016 PBA George Young High Average Award winner (226.07 average over 324 PBA Tour games)
World Series of Bowling
Wins (2)
Results timeline
Results not in chronological order.
"T" = Tied for a place
PBA career statistics
Statistics are through the last complete PBA season.
+CRA = Championship Round Appearances
Personal
In addition to bowling, Svensson enjoys soccer and ice hockey.
References
Swedish ten-pin bowling players
1995 births
Living people
Dr. Kate Lorig, Dr.P.H., is an American professor at the Stanford University School of Medicine.  They are also the director of the Stanford Patient Education Research Center.  They are known for their work on chronic disease and patient education, has published several books and peer-reviewed journal articles in those fields, and developed a peer-led self-management course for patients with chronic diseases. Lorig is themselves a chronic disease patient, having been diagnosed with Gaucher's disease at the age of three.
Lorig received their B.S. in nursing at Boston University in 1964, their M.S. in nursing at the University of California, San Francisco in 1968, and their Dr.P.H. in health education at the University of California, Berkeley in 1980. Lorig joined Stanford Medical School in 1978 as a research associate, becoming a professor in 1995. They have been a professor at the UCSF School of Nursing since 1985, and was a lecturer at San Jose State University, Department of Health Sciences, from 1980 – 1989.
Kaiser Permanente adopted the Chronic Disease Self Management (CDSM) course in 1997. In 2001, the CDSM and Lorig's arthritis specific self-management courses were included in the United Kingdom National Health Service's Expert Patient Programme, on a trial basis. The program, and Lorig's courses, were adopted into the mainstream of the NHS beginning in 2004. In 2007, Dr. Lorig worked with the VA Desert Pacific Health Care Network/Department of Veteran Affairs to develop a pilot online self-management model for family caregivers based on their previous work.
Lorig is a member of the Network of Innovators of the World Health Organization's Observatory on Health Care for Chronic Conditions. They received the Molly Mettler Award from the National Council on Aging's Health Promotion Institute in 2003.
Post-degree honors and awards
Virginia P. Engalitcheff Award for Impact on Quality of Life, National Arthritis Foundation, 1996
Mayhew Derryberry Award for Excellence in Combining Theory with Practice, Health Education Section, American Public Health Association, 1993
Hochbaum Lecturer, University of North Carolina, School of Public Health, 1993
Award for Excellence in Health Education, National Health Management Foundation, 1992
Nancy Palchick Publication Award, Arthritis Health Professionals Association, 1992
Program Excellence Award, Society for Public Health Education, 1989
Recognition for Creative Health Education Programming, Northern California Society for Public Health Education, 1983
Award in Recognition of Outstanding Scholarly Contribution in Rheumatology in 1980–81, Arthritis Health Professionals Association, 1982
Selected publications
Lorig K, Lubeck D, Kraines RG, Seleznick M, Holman HR. Outcomes of self-help education for patients with arthritis. Arthritis Rheum. 1985 Jun;28(6):680-5.
O'Leary A, Shoor S, Lorig K, Holman HR. A cognitive-behavioral treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. Health Psychol. 1988;7(6):527-44.
Lorig K, Chastain RL, Ung E, Shoor S, Holman HR. Development and evaluation of a scale to measure perceived self-efficacy in people with arthritis. Arthritis Rheum. 1989 Jan;32(1):37-44.
Lorig KR, Mazonson PD, Holman HR. Evidence suggesting that health education for self-management in patients with chronic arthritis has sustained health benefits while reducing health care costs. Arthritis Rheum. 1993 Apr;36(4):439-46.
Lorig K, Holman H. Arthritis self-management studies: a twelve-year review. Health Educ Q. 1993 Spring;20(1):17-28.
Lorig K. Outcome measures for health education and other health care interventions. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 1996.
Lorig KR, Sobel DS, Stewart AL, Brown BW Jr, Bandura A, Ritter P, Gonzalez VM, Laurent DD, Holman HR. Evidence suggesting that a chronic disease self-management program can improve health status while reducing hospitalization: a randomized trial. Med Care. 1999 Jan;37(1):5-14.
Holman H, Lorig K. Patients as partners in managing chronic disease. Partnership is a prerequisite for effective and efficient health care. BMJ. 2000 Feb 26;320(7234):526-7.
Lorig KR, Ritter P, Stewart AL, Sobel DS, Brown BW Jr, Bandura A, Gonzalez VM, Laurent DD, Holman HR. Chronic disease self-management program: 2-year health status and health care utilization outcomes. Med Care. 2001 Nov;39(11):1217-23.
Lorig K. Patient education: a practical approach. 3rd ed. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, 2001.
Bodenheimer T, Lorig K, Holman H, Grumbach K. Patient self-management of chronic disease in primary care. JAMA. 2002 Nov 20;288(19):2469-75.
Lorig KR, Holman H. Self-management education: history, definition, outcomes, and mechanisms. Ann Behav Med. 2003 Aug;26(1):1-7.
Lorig KR, Ritter PL, Laurent DD, Plant K. Internet-based chronic disease self-management: a randomized trial. Med Care. 2006 Nov;44(11):964-71.
Lorig K, Fries JF. The arthritis helpbook: a tested self-management program for coping with arthritis and fibromyalgia. 6th ed. Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Lifelong, 2006.
Lorig K. Living a healthy life with chronic conditions: self-management of heart disease, arthritis, diabetes, asthma, bronchitis, emphysema & others. 3rd ed. Boulder, CO: Bull, 2006.
Lorig KR, Ritter PL, Laurent DD, Plant K. The internet-based arthritis self-management program: a one-year randomized trial for patients with arthritis or fibromyalgia. Arthritis Rheum. 2008 Jul 15;59(7):1009-17.
Lorig K, Ritter PL, Villa FJ, Armas J. Community-based peer-led diabetes self-management: a randomized trial. Diabetes Educ. 2009 Jul-Aug;35(4):641-51.
Lorig K, Ritter PL, Laurent DD, Plant K, Green M, Jernigan VB, Case S. Online diabetes self-management program: a randomized study. Diabetes Care. 2010 Jun;33(6):1275-81.
References
American nurses
American women nurses
Stanford University School of Medicine faculty
1942 births
Living people
Boston University School of Nursing alumni
University of California, San Francisco alumni
UC Berkeley School of Public Health alumni
21st-century American women
Paul Le Mesurier (23 February 1755 – 9 December 1805) was a Guernsey-born merchant, ship-owner, director of the East India Company, a Member of Parliament, an Alderman of London, and the Lord Mayor of London (1793–94).
Life and career
Le Mesurier was born the son of John Le Mesurier, the hereditary Governor of Alderney. In 1776 they went into partnership with their wife's uncle, Noah Le Cras, a London merchant. During the American War of Independence the firm had a very profitable business as prize agents. They were made an Alderman of the city in 1784 and served as Sheriff of London for 1786.
Le Mesurier was an insurance broker and underwriter at Lloyd's of London. They were a shipowner with at least one vessel that was involved in South Seas whaling.
In 1784, they were elected a director of the East India Company for the first time, and then re-elected in 1789, 1794, 1799 and 1804, each time serving for the conventional 3 years, except in the last case which was terminated by their death.
Le Mesurier was also elected in 1784 to represent Southwark in the British Parliament, retaining the seat until 1796. They were chosen in 1793 to serve as Lord Mayor of London for the following Mayoral year.
They were a Colonel in the Honourable Artillery Company from 1795 till hs death.
Le Mesurier died in 1805 at their home in Upper Homerton, Middlesex. They had married Margaret, the daughter of Isaac Roberdeau of Spitalfields, and had a son and 3 daughters.
See also
List of East India Company directors
References
1755 births
1805 deaths
Directors of the British East India Company
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1784–1790
British MPs 1790–1796
Sheriffs of the City of London
18th-century lord mayors of London
18th-century English politicians
British people in whaling
Honourable Artillery Company officers
Guernsey people
Harley Street is a British television medical drama shown on ITV from 17 July to 21 August 2008.
The series was made by Carnival Films and was set in Harley Street, London. Created by Marston Bloom and written by Howard Overman, Jack Williams, and Nicole Taylor, the stories were about the lives of Harley Street specialists and the cases that were presented to them.
Cast
Paul Nicholls as Robert Fielding
Suranne Jones as Martha Eliot
Shaun Parkes as Ekkow Obiang
Oliver Dimsdale as Felix Quinn
Kim Medcalf as Annie Harke
Cush Jumbo as Hannah Fellows
Tom Ellis as Ross Jarvis
Rosie Day as Tess Elliot
Philip Jackson as Mal Fielding
Lucy Brown as Maya
Broadcasts
Harley Street was shown on ITV at 9pm each Thursday. The first transmission on 17 July had an audience of 3.9m and an 18% audience share. It was also the first drama ITV has aired in high definition on ITV HD available to Freesat viewers. The final episode was shown on 21 August.
On 19 November 2008, ITV announced that the programme would not return due to poor figures.
DVD release
Harley Street was released in the UK on 25 August 2008.
References
External links
2008 British television series debuts
2008 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
ITV television dramas
2000s British television miniseries
2000s British medical television series
English-language television shows
Television shows set in London
Notodelphyidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera
Genera:
Achelidelphys Lafargue & Laubier, 1977
Adenaplostoma Stock, 1993
Anoplodelphys Lafargue & Laubier, 1978
References
Copepods
Hans Reffert (19 July 1946 – 21 February 2016) was a German musician and composer.
Although possibly best known for their work with Guru Guru, Reffert was involved with a number of ensembles, including Flute & Voice, Zauberfinger, Sanfte Liebe, and Schrammel & Slide. Reffert studied guitar with Sigi Schwab and flute and composition in Mannheim. They also created commissioned works for the National Theatre Mannheim and other theaters, as well as for cinema and television productions. They died on 22 February 2016 in Mannheim aged 69.
Discography
Solo
1988 Total Normal: Musik für Adolf Wölfli
2008 Westlich Bb9
With Flute & Voice
1970 Imaginations of Light
1995 Hello Rabbit (recorded 1973)
1996 Drachenlieder (material from 1974 to 1975)
With Thomas Vogel
1976 Lieder des Thomas Vogel
1978 Flüstern im Geschrei
With Werner Pöhlert
1976 Kollektiv Alte Musik
With Zauberfinger
c.1980 Slide
1980 Shizzo Rock
1981 Zauberfinger 2
With Borgward
1980 Perplex
1982 Bermuda Dreieck / Vorwiegend Heiter
With Schlauch
1981 Grosse Gemeinsamkeit
1984 Wenn die Stadt erwacht
With Idole
1982 Die Idole
1982 Hautnah / Pfahl im Fleisch
With Guru Guru
See: Guru Guru During 1988, and again from 1997 to 2000
With Sanfte Liebe
1987 Sanfte Liebe
1991 New Flowers
With Schrammel & Slide
1991 Deffert + Rörsam
1993 Deux
1995 HellBillies from Venus
1997 Ja Ja
1999 Famous for Not Being Famous
2003 Pow Wow
2011 Sieben/Seven
With Claus Boesser-Ferrarri
2003 Nachmittag eines Fauns
With Mani Neumeier
2010 Der Teufel und sein Guru
With Werner Goos
2011 Stone Cold & Broken
2014 I Can't Stop the Voices in My Head
With Michael Bauer & Wolfgang Schuster
2015 Weltunnergangsblues
References
External links
Hans Reffert Home Page
Hans Reffert at Discogs
1946 births
2016 deaths
Krautrock
German male composers
German film score composers
Male film score composers
Tan Ya (; born July 18, 1992 in Huaihua, Hunan) is a male Chinese slalom canoeist who has competed since 2008.
They finished in 19th place in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Tan won a gold medal in the K1 event at the 2010 Asian Championships in Xiasi and again at the 2016 Asian Championships in Toyama and 2010 Xiasi Asian Championships.
Tan trains at the Heyuan Water Sports Centre, Guangdong. They represent Guangdong in domestic competitions.
World Cup individual podiums
1 Asian Canoe Slalom Championship counting for World Cup points
References
1992 births
Living people
People from Huaihua
Sportspeople from Hunan
Sportspeople from Guangdong
Olympic canoeists of China
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2014 Asian Games
Chinese male canoeists
Asian Games competitors for China
Sisygambis (died 323 BC) was the mother of Darius III of Persia, whose reign was ended during the wars of Alexander the Great. After they were captured by Alexander at the Battle of Issus, they became devoted to him, and Alexander referred to them as "mother".
Early life
They may have been the daughter of king Artaxerxes II Mnemon, or possibly of their brother Ostanes. If the latter, they married their own brother Arsames (an ancient Achaemenid tradition). Another possibility is that they were the daughter of an Uxian leader. They gave birth to Darius, Oxyathres, and possibly also Stateira I.
Alexander's invasion
At the Battle of Issus (333 BC), Darius' army was routed by Alexander the Great and the Persian king fled the field, leaving their extended family, including their mother, their wife Stateira I, their children, and many others to the mercy of Alexander. They captured them but treated them with all dignity, where many a lesser conqueror would have executed them out of hand. When Alexander and their closest friend Hephaestion went together to visit the captured Persian royal family, Sisygambis knelt to Hephaestion to plead for their lives, mistaking them for Alexander — Hephaestion was the taller, and both young men were similarly dressed. When they realized their mistake, they were acutely embarrassed, but Alexander reassured them with the words, "You were not mistaken, Mother; this man too is Alexander."
At the Battle of Gaugamela, Sisygambis and their family were kept within the baggage train behind Alexander's army. When the Persian army's Scythian cavalry broke through Alexander's forces to reach them, they allegedly refused to celebrate what appeared at first to be Persian victory. After Darius was killed shortly following their defeat at Gaugamela, Alexander sent their body to her, so that they could give them dignified funeral honors.
Under Alexander
They were left at Susa with tutors to teach them and their family Greek, while Alexander pursued their conquests towards India. On their return in 324 BC, they married Sisygambis's granddaughter, Stateira II, an event which was the centrepiece of the Susa weddings, where Stateira's sister, Drypetis, was also given in marriage to Hephaestion.
Within about a year of the wedding, however, both Hephaestion and Alexander had suddenly died eight months apart. On hearing of the latter's death, Sisygambis, overwhelmed with pain and despairing of the fate that loomed over their family, had themselves sealed into their rooms and refused to eat.  They are said to have died of grief and starvation four days later.
Legacy
The scene of Sisygambis mistakenly kneeling before Hephaestion has been a popular subject in Western art, represented by Charles le Brun, Paolo Veronese, Justus Sustermans and many others.
Asteroid 823 Sisigambis is named after them
References
4th-century BC births
4th-century BC deaths
4th-century BC women
People associated with Alexander the Great
Queens of the Achaemenid Empire
4th-century BC Iranian people
Women in ancient Near Eastern warfare
Uxii
Darius III
Harrya is a fungal genus in the family Boletaceae. It was circumscribed in 2012 to contain the species Harrya atriceps and the type Harrya chromapes.
References
External links
Boletaceae
Boletales genera
Harrya is described as a new genus of Boletaceae to accommodate Boletus chromapes, a pink-capped bolete with a finely scabrous stipe adorned with pink scabers, a chrome yellow base and a reddish-brown spore deposit. Phylogenetic analyses of large-subunit rDNA and translation elongation factor 1α confirmed Harrya as a unique generic lineage with two species, one of which is newly described (H. atriceps). Some Chinese taxa were recently placed in a separate genus, Zangia, supported by both morphology and molecular data.
The Lyzohub Government was the first official government of Ukrainian State that was confirmed on 4 May 1918 after Pavlo Skoropadsky managed to oust the previous socialist government led by Vsevolod Holubovych and dissolve the Central Council of Ukraine. Most of its candidates were already pre-selected by Mykola Vasylenko who took the portfolio of Minister of National Education.
On October 5, 1918 the opposition represented by the Ukrainian National Union and led by Volodymyr Vynnychenko demanded almost half of government portfolios, but managed to convince the Hetman of Ukraine Pavlo Skoropadsky to include five of its own ministers. On October 24 that petition was approved. The same day several dismissed ministers wrote the "Statement of niners" where they urged the government to sign federalization agreement with Russia.
Original composition
Changes
During summer
Yuriy Sokolovsky was replaced with Sergei Gerbel as the Minister of Food
Mykhailo Chubynsky was replaced with A.Romanov as the Minister of Justice
Fedir Lyzohub was relieved from being acting as the Minister of Internal Affairs which was passed to Ihor Kistiakovsky
S.Zavadsky became the State secretary
October 24, UNU coalition
Ihor Kistiakovsky was replaced with acting Viktor Reinbot
Vasiliy Zienkowski was replaced with Oleksandr Lototsky
Mykola Vasylenko was replaced with Petro Stebnytsky
Vasiliy Kolokoltsov was replaced with Volodymyr Leontovych
A.Romanov was replaced with Andriy Vyazlov
Yuliy Wagner was replaced with Maksym Slavinsky
Sergei Hutnik was replaced with Sergei Mering
Yuriy Afanasiev was replaced with S.Petrov
Coalition / opposition
Pro-Russian: Vasylenko, Rzepecki, Grebel, Hutnik, Romanov, Zienkowski, Kokoltsev, Wagner, Afanasiev, Zavadsky
Union with the Triple Entente, plebiscite for the union with Russia
Pro-Ukrainian: Kistiakovsky, Lyubynsky, Doroshenko, Butenko, Rohoza
Denouncing of the Brest-Litovsk treaty, complete independence
References
External links
Hetman government at the Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Ukrainian governments
1918 establishments in Ukraine
1918 disestablishments in Ukraine
Cabinets established in 1918
Cabinets disestablished in 1918
Ukrainian People's Republic
The thoracic spinal nerve 9 (T9) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 9 (T9).
References
Spinal nerves
Van Vliet is a toponymic surname of Dutch origin. The original bearer may have lived or worked near a vliet, a Dutch term for a minor stream. The name is quite common in the Netherlands, ranking 40th in 2007 (16,903 people). Variations include Van de Vliet and Van der Vliet. People with this surname include:
(born 1951), Dutch mayor
Andy Van Vliet (born 1995), Belgian basketball player for Bnei Herzliya Basket in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Arie van Vliet (1916–2001), Dutch Olympic cycler
Carolyne Van Vliet (1929–2016), Dutch-born American physicist
Claire Van Vliet (born 1933), Canadian painter, illustrator and typographer
Chris Van Vliet (born 1983), Canadian television personality
Don Van Vliet (1941–2010), better known as Captain Beefheart, American musician and painter
Eddy van Vliet (1942–2002), Belgian writer and lawyer
Gerard van Vliet (born 1964), Aruban cyclist
Hanpeter van Vliet (1962–1996), Dutch software engineer
Hans van Vliet (born 1949), Dutch computer scientist
Hans van Vliet (born 1976), better known as Hunz, Australian electronic pop musician
Hendrick Cornelisz van Vliet (1611–1675), Dutch painter
Jan van Vliet (1622–1666), Dutch philologist
Jan Gillisz van Vliet (1605–1668), Dutch painter
(1602–1663), Dutch East India Company director and historian in Thailand
(born 1965), Dutch jazz pianist
(1914–2000), United States Army commander and POW known for the Van Vliet Report
Krystyn Van Vliet, American engineer
Leo van Vliet (born 1955), Dutch racing cyclist
Louis van Vliet (1854–1932), Dutch chess master
Lyman Van Vliet (born ca. 1927), American inventor of Shoe Goo
Marcel van Vliet (born 1970), Dutch truck racer
Marjorie van Vliet (1923–1990), American aviator
Maury Van Vliet (1913–2001), Canadian physical education academic
Nel van Vliet (1926–2006), Dutch swimmer
(born 1935), Dutch cabaretier and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador
Peter Van Vliet (fl. 1841–1851), American farmer and politician
Robert Campbell Van Vliet (1857–1943), United States Army commander
Roland van Vliet (born 1969), Dutch politician
Stefanie van Vliet (born 1967), Dutch politician
Stewart Van Vliet (1815–1901), Union general of the American Civil War
Teun van Vliet (born 1962), Dutch road cyclist
Tony Van Vliet (American politician) (born 1930), American politician
Tony Van Vliet (Australian politician) (1933–1982), Australian politician
Willem van Vliet (born 1952), Dutch sociologist
Van de(r) Vliet
Albert Van de Vliet (born 1917), Belgian Olympic canoeist
Cornelis van der Vliet (1880–1960), Dutch sports shooter
Henk van der Vliet (born 1928), Dutch flutist and composer
Jan van der Vliet (born 1949), Dutch rower
Patricia van der Vliet (born 1989), Dutch fashion model
Wiebe van der Vliet (born 1970), Dutch film editor
Willem van der Vliet (ca. 1584–1642), Dutch Golden Age painter
Fan-der-Flit, Russian noble merchant family
See also
Vliet (disambiguation)
References
Dutch-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
Riho Kuld (born on 10 May 1936 in Tallinn) is an Estonian sculptor and rower.
In 1962 they graduated from Tallinn State Applied Art Institute and worked at the institution as a lecturer from 1962 until 1967.
From 1956 until 1959, they became seven-times Estonian champion in different rowing disciplines.
Since 1967 they are a freelance sculptor. They have created the monument of Hubert Pärnakivi in Viljandi. They have also created other sport-related sculptors.
Awards:
1981: Meritorious Artist of the Estonian SSR
References
Living people
1936 births
20th-century Estonian sculptors
20th-century Estonian male artists
Estonian male rowers
Estonian Academy of Arts faculty
Estonian Academy of Arts alumni
Artists from Tallinn
Sportspeople from Tallinn
The Hofstra Pride softball team represents Hofstra University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team belongs to the Colonial Athletic Association and plays home games at Bill Edwards Stadium, which was named in honor of longtime coach Bill Edwards in 2015. The Pride have gone to the NCAA Tournament seventeen times, with their best finish being a Super Regionals Appearance in 2012, losing to South Florida by just one run to miss a spot in the Women's College World Series.
Year-by-year results
Results are from the NCAA Database along with Hofstra's respective conferences and are as of Hofstra's start as a Division I team in 1984.
†NCAA canceled 2020 collegiate activities due to the COVID-19 virus.
Retired Numbers
Hofstra Softball has retired six numbers in the program's history with Crystal Boyd's number thirteen being the first retired in 2008.
References
Hofstra University
Hofstra Pride softball
Davislaguna is a lagoon in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a length of about 900 meters, and is located at the foot of the mountains of Hedgehogfjellet and Tvillingtoppen. The name "Davislaguna" is derived from the name "Lady Davis Harbour", given to the lagoon by members of an expedition from 1919. In 1937 the alternative name Dorrieshamna was also suggested.
References
Bodies of water of Spitsbergen
Lagoons of Norway
Steve Hayden (born June 11, 1944) is an American racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
American male racewalkers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Mosque Ould Abas is a mosque in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located between Marche de La Viande and Marche Capitale, southwest of Mosque Saudique.
See also
Islam in Mauritania
References
Mosques in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Château Gruaud-Larose is a winery in the Saint-Julien appellation of the Bordeaux region of France. It is also the name of the red wine produced by this property. The wine produced here was classified as one of fifteen Deuxièmes Crus (Second Growths) in the original Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855.
History
The property has a younger history than most of its cohorts. Its origins date to 1725 and the knight Joseph Stanislas Gruaud. The property was called Fond-Bedeau, and was administered by two Gruauds; one a priest and the other a magistrate. The magistrate, the Chevalier du Gruaud, died in 1778 and their part of the property was deeded to Joseph Sebastian de La Rose, who renamed this property Gruaud-La Rose or Gruaud-Larose. This piece was classified as a Second Growth in 1855.
Control of the property was split among multiple descendants, but the property remained intact until 1867 when it was split into Château Gruaud-Larose-Sarget (after the Baron Sarget) and Château Gruaud-Larose-Faure (after Adrien Faure, who married one Sophie Bethmann, heiress to a portion of the estate).
The two châteaux were reunited by the Cordier family, who purchased the Sarget piece in 1917 and the Faure piece in 1935; the château became a centerpiece of the many Cordier properties along with Château Lafaurie-Peyraguey and Château Talbot.
In 1983 it was purchased by the Compagnie de Suez, and in 1993 by Alcatel-Alsthom, and in 1997 by the Taillan Group, headed by Jacques Merlaut, which owns a number of other properties, most notably Château Haut-Bages-Liberal.
Vineyards
The vineyards cover and are planted with 57% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 8% Cabernet Franc, 3% Petit Verdot and 2% Malbec.
Second wine
The Château produces a second wine called Sarget du Château Gruaud-Larose, or Larose de Gruaud.
There is also a third label of this château's wine: La Roseraie de Gruaud Larose
References
External links
Château Gruaud-Larose official site
Bordeaux wine producers
Monuments historiques of Gironde
The 2013 Goody's Headache Relief Shot 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race that was held on October 27, 2013, at Martinsville Speedway in Ridgeway, Virginia. Contested over 500 laps on the 0.526-mile (0.847 km) oval, it was the thirty-third race of the 2013 Sprint Cup Series season, as well as the seventh race in the ten-race Chase for the Sprint Cup, which ends the season. Jeff Gordon of Hendrick Motorsports won the race, their first and only win of the season, breaking a 33-race winless streak, while Matt Kenseth finished second and Clint Bowyer finished third.
Report
Background
Coming into the race, Jimmie Johnson was the chosen by the pundits to be the favorite along with Kyle Busch, Kasey Kahne and Matt Kenseth. Ten drivers were depicted as the underdogs for this race including Danica Patrick, Juan Pablo Montoya, Marcos Ambrose and Paul Menard.
Johnson had the advantage in the Sprint Cup Series championship points while Kyle Busch and Jeff Gordon were within easy striking distance of taking the championship lead away from him.
Qualifying results
Race
David Ragan blew their engine on lap 109, with Kyle Larson having a similar incident on lap 160. Tony Raines developed problems with their brakes on lap 220 while Dave Blaney was involved in a terminal crash on lap 357. The final DNF of the race came from David Reutimann, who had troubles with their rear gear on lap 451 and had to leave the race prematurely.
Approximately 22% of the race was held under a caution flag while the average green flag run was nearly 22 laps. Most of the yellow flags in this race were caused by accidents, debris and cars spinning dangerously out of control.
Jeff Burton, Greg Biffle, Jeff Gordon, Matt Kenseth and Jimmie Johnson had the fastest pit crews in the race, with the average time on pit road being 41 seconds.
There were seven total penalties during the course of the race. Ricky Stenhouse Jr. was penalized twice for too many men over the wall. Ken Schrader, and Kasey Kahne were also penalized for too many men over the wall. Ryan Newman was penalized for Lug nut(s) not installed, and Ken Schrader and David Reutimann were both penalized for too fast entering pits.
Results
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first thirteen positions are included for the driver standings.
References
Goody's Headache Relief Shot 500
Goody's Headache Relief Shot 500
Goody's Headache Relief Shot 500
NASCAR races at Martinsville Speedway
The term Vulcan Hotel can refer to:
The Vulcan, Cardiff
The Vulcan Hotel (Saint Bathans), located in Saint Bathans, New Zealand
Penygraigwen is a village in the community of Rhosybol, Anglesey, Wales, which is 138.9 miles (223.6 km) from Cardiff and 218.5 miles (351.6 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Justin Cathal Geever (born February 21, 1973), known professionally as Justin Sane, is an American musician.  They are the lead guitarist, singer and songwriter of Anti-Flag, a punk rock band formed in 1988 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, known for its left-wing political views. Sane holds dual US and Irish citizenship and lives in Pittsburgh. Their stage name was bestowed upon them by friends in Pittsburgh's punk scene.
Biography
Early life
Sane was born the youngest child in a working class Irish-American family, and cites their parents as inspirations. Their parents were vegetarians and they opened the first vegetarian restaurant in Pittsburgh, inspiring Sane to become a vegetarian and animal rights advocate. As a boy they saw their parents participate in rallies, and as they got older they participated.
Sane's sister Lucy gave them their first guitar which got them into punk rock and hardcore. The first song Sane wrote was about a young person overdosing, and their second was about televangelists.
Career
In 1988, Sane formed Anti-Flag with friend Pat Thetic. In 1996, they released their first album, Die for the Government. Later that year, Andy Flag left the band as a result of personal disputes. Various band members came and went during 1997 and 1998, after which they finally settled on a permanent line-up consisting of Sane as lead guitarist/vocalist, Thetic as drummer, Chris Head as guitarist/backing vocalist, and Chris "#2" Barker as bassist/second vocalist. In 1998, the band released their second album, Their System Doesn't Work For You.
In 1999 Anti-Flag released their third album, A New Kind of Army, and founded their own label, A-F Records. In 2001, they signed to Fat Wreck Chords after discussions with the label's owner, "Fat Mike" Burkett. Following their switch to Fat Wreck Chords, the band released Underground Network.
Mobilize, recorded shortly after the September 11, 2001 attacks, was released early 2002. Anti-Flag released a split CD with Bouncing Souls seven months later. 2003 saw the release of The Terror State, produced by Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine. Anti-Flag's first DVD, Death of a Nation, was released in 2004. The DVD includes live footage, three music videos, an interview with the band, behind-the-scenes tour footage, and three montages compiled by the band.
In 2006, Anti-Flag released For Blood and Empire on RCA Records. The Bright Lights of America was released in 2008.
In May 2008, Sane moved to East End, London but they subsequently returned to Pittsburgh.
On March 4, 2009, Sane jumped into the crowd at a concert at the LCR in Norwich to stop a scuffle which broke out and landed awkwardly, breaking their collar bone. This caused Anti-Flag to cancel the remainder of their tour with Rise Against and their upcoming headlining tour of Europe. The same year, a 2 track split album with Rise Against was released, originally given away with any merchandise purchase on the 2009 Rise Against/Anti-Flag/Flobots UK tour.
Equipment
Sane primarily uses ESP and LTD Eclipses, now almost exclusively after becoming an endorser of ESP. In the past, Sane used Gibson Les Pauls as well. Sane usually uses high gain Marshall amp heads like JCM800s, 900s, & 2000s and Marshall 1960 cabs. Sane and Head have used Orange and Hiwatt amplifiers and cabinets on recent tours.
Education
Sane graduated from The Oakland School in Pittsburgh and the University of Pittsburgh, majoring in communications and minoring in political science.
Solo work
Sane has released several solo recordings, such as 2001's six-track EP These are the Days and 2003's Life, Love and the Pursuit of Justice. These recordings generally focus on love, family, and more everyday concepts rather than the politically charged stance of Anti-Flag.
Discography
Anti-Flag:
Die for the Government (1996)
North America Sucks (1998)
Their System Doesn't Work for You (1998)
A New Kind of Army (1999)
Underground Network (2001)
Mobilize (2002)
BYO Split Series, Vol 4 (2002)
The Terror State (2003)
For Blood and Empire (2006)
A Benefit For The Victims Of Violent Crime (2007)
The Bright Lights of America (2008)
The People or the Gun (2009)
The General Strike (2012)
American Spring (2015)
American Fall (2017)
American Reckoning (2018)
20/20 Vision (2020)
Solo:
Life, Love, and the Pursuit of Justice (2002)
These are the Days EP (2002)
Gas Land Terror EP (2011)
References
External links
Anti-Flag official website
Interview with Justin Sane
Living people
A-F Records artists
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
American punk rock guitarists
American punk rock singers
Fat Wreck Chords artists
Musicians from Pittsburgh
RCA Records artists
University of Pittsburgh alumni
Singers from Pennsylvania
1973 births
Guitarists from Pennsylvania
Irish expatriates in the United Kingdom
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male singers
21st-century American singers
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
Feminist musicians
For the results of the Brazil national football team, see:
Brazil national football team results (1914–1949)
Brazil national football team results (1950–1969)
Brazil national football team results (1970–1989)
Brazil national football team results (1990–2009)
Brazil national football team results (2010–present)
Devin Ruben Pepper (born November 29, 1969) is a United States Space Force brigadier general who is the deputy director of strategy, plans and policy of the United States Space Command. They previously commanded Buckley Garrison.  They are the first African American general officer in the Space Force and the first one to have enlisted before commissioning as an officer.
Education
1995 Bachelor of Science, Psychology, University of Maryland University College, College Park
2001 Squadron Officer School, Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala.
2002 Air Force Strategic Policy Intern, the Pentagon, Arlington, Va.
2002 Masters of Arts, Organizational Behavior and Leadership, The George Washington University, Washington, D.C.
2003 Masters of Business Administration, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Daytona Beach, Fla.
2003 United States Air Force Weapons Instructor Course, Space Superiority Squadron, Nellis AFB, Nev.
2007 Air Command and Staff College, Maxwell AFB, Ala., by correspondence
2010 Space 300, National Security Space Institute, Colorado Springs, Colo.
2013 Air War College, Maxwell AFB, Ala., by correspondence
2015 Masters of National Security Strategy, National War College, Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C.
2018 Middle East and South Asia Course, Alan L. Freed Associates, Capitol Hill Club, Washington, D.C.
Assignments
1. May 1996–August 1996, Student, Officer Training School, Maxwell Air Force Base, Ala.
2. August 1996–April 1997, Student, Undergraduate Space and Missile Training and Initial Qualification Training, Minuteman III Rapid Execution and Combat Targeting, Vandenberg AFB, Calif.
3. April 1997–February 1998, Deputy Missile Combat Crew Commander, 740th Missile Squadron, Minot AFB, N.D.
4. February 1998–January 1999, Deputy Missile Combat Crew Commander Evaluator, 91st Operations Group, Minot AFB, N.D.
5. February 1999–November 1999, Missile Combat Crew Commander, 740th Missile Squadron, Minot AFB, N.D.
6. November 1999–July 2001, Missile Combat Crew Commander Instructor, Section Chief and Senior Crew Operations Instructor, 91st Operations Support Squadron, Minot AFB, N.D.
7. August 2001–June 2002, Executive Officer to the Wing Commander, 91st Space Wing, Minot AFB, N.D.
8. June 2002–June 2003, Air Force Strategic Policy Intern with duties in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Equal Opportunity; and Office of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Pentagon, Arlington, Va.
9. January 2004–February 2005, Chief, Offensive Counter-Information, 7th Information Warfare Flight, Osan Air Base, South Korea
10. February 2005–September 2007, Program Manager, Advanced Strike Requirements Branch, Advanced Programs Division, Directorate of Requirements, Air Combat Command, Langley AFB, Va. (March – July 2007, Space Weapons Officer, G-3 Fires and Effects Coordination Cell, II Marine Expeditionary Force (Forward), Camp Fallujah, Iraq)
11. September 2007–August 2009, Executive Officer to the Commander, Eighth Air Force, Barksdale AFB, La.
12. September 2009–June 2011, Deputy Chief, later Chief, Weapons, Tactics and Electronic Warfare Branch, Air Force Global Strike Command, Barksdale AFB, La.
13. June 2011–June 2013, Commander, Air Force Element Operations Squadron, Royal Air Force Menwith Hill, United Kingdom
14. June 2013–July 2014, Deputy Commander, 21st Operations Group, 21st Space Wing, Peterson AFB, Colo.
15. August 2014–June 2015, Student, National War College, National Defense University, Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C.
16. July 2015–June 2016, Chief, Global Intelligence Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Future Capabilities Branch (J841), U.S. Strategic Command, Offutt AFB, Neb.
17. June 2016–May 2017, Chief, Space and Missile Defense Division (J31), Headquarters United States Strategic Command, Offutt AFB, Neb.
18. May 2017–May 2019, Commander, 21st Operations Group, 21st Space Wing, Peterson AFB, Colo.
19. May 2019–July 2020, Commander, 460th Space Wing, Buckley AFB, Colo.
20. July 2020–January 2021, Commander, Buckley Garrison, Buckley AFB, Colo.
21. January 2021–April 2021, performing the duties of the Deputy Director of the Strategy, Plans and Policy Directorate (DJ5), Headquarters United States Space Command, Peterson AFB, Colo.
22. April 2021–present, Deputy Director of the Strategy, Plans and Policy Directorate (DJ5), Headquarters United States Space Command, Peterson AFB, Colo.
Awards and decorations
Pepper is the recipient of the following awards:
Dates of promotion
Writing
References
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
United States Air Force colonels
United States Space Force generals
1969 births
Shaimaa Haridy (, born 1 January 1991) is an Egyptian weightlifter, competing in the +75 kg category and representing Egypt at international competitions. They competed at world championships, including at the 2015 World Weightlifting Championships. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's +75 kg.
In 2017, they won the gold medal in the women's +90kg event at the 2017 Islamic Solidarity Games held in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Major results
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Egyptian female weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Egypt
Weightlifters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African Games gold medalists for Egypt
African Games medalists in weightlifting
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in weightlifting
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in weightlifting
20th-century Egyptian women
21st-century Egyptian women
O Môn Rômzaner Oi Rozar Sheshe Elo Khushir Eid () is the most notable Bengali Eid-ul-Fitr song, written by Kazi Nazrul Islam, the national poet of Bangladesh. It is a very common tune heard in Bengali Muslim households around the world. The song was written and composed at the request of Nazrul's disciple, Abbasuddin Ahmed in 1931. It has been covered by many artists around the world. The song is written on the end of the period of fasting and the Islamic holiday of Eid-ul-Fitr. This was regarded by their contemporaries as a significant achievement, as Bengali Muslims had been strongly averse to devotional music.
Bengali lyrics, romanization and English translation
Lyrics and romanization:
Translation:
First recording
4 days after Nazrul wrote the poem, Abbasuddin Ahmed recorded it with their voice. Two months after, it was published on Eid day by The Gramophone Company. The song was set to the Pilu as its raga and keherwa for its tala (rhythm).
References
Bangladeshi songs
Songs written by Kazi Nazrul Islam
Bengali-language songs
Bengali-language poems
1931 poems
Ramadan
Eid (Islam)
This famed double portrait by Piero della Francesca is often mistitled The Duke and Duchess of Urbino—as it appears on the website of the Uffizi Gallery, which owns it. Since Battista Sforza died in 1472 and Federico da Montefeltro was not made duke until 1474, however, Battista never attained the title of duchess.
The Uffizi describes the work as follows:
One of the most celebrated portraits of the Italian Renaissance, the diptych features the Duke of Urbino Federico da Montefeltro (1422–1482) and their wife Battista Sforza (1446–1472). In the tradition of the fourteenth century, inspired by the design of ancient coins, the two figures are shown in profile, an angle that ensured a good likeness and a faithful representation of facial details without allowing their sentiments to show through: indeed, the Duke and Duchess [sic] of Urbino appear unaffected by turmoil and emotions. The couple is facing each other and the spatial element is suggested by the light and the continuity of the rolling landscape in the background, representing the area of the Marches over which [they] ruled. The chromatic contrast between the bronze skin tones used for Federico and the pale tones of Battista Sforza is striking; [her] pale pallor . . . not only respects the aesthetic conventions which were fashionable during the Renaissance but could also allude to their untimely death in 1472. On the back of the panels, the [couple] are featured being carried triumphantly on ancient wagons, accompanied by the Christian virtues; the Latin inscriptions pay tribute to the couple's moral values. The presence of the images on the reverse side suggests that the two paintings, now set in a modern frame, would once have been part of a diptych.
One of . . . Piero della Francesca's most famous works, the double portrait is representative of the relationship between the painter and the [rulers] of Montefeltro; Piero was a frequent guest at their court, . . . which would soon become one of the most important cultural and artistic hearts of Italy. The master painter marries the strict approach to perspective learned during their Florentine education with the lenticular representation more characteristic of Flemish painting, achieving extraordinary results and unmatched originality.
The allegorical triumphs
The allegorical scenes on the back of the portraits are unique, and their meaning is enhanced by Latin inscriptions on the simulated architectural base below them. Their iconography is based on a complex tradition dating back to the Roman triumph, which was further enriched by a series of allegorical poems by the 14th-century Italian poet Francesco Petrarca (Petrarch). The Roman triumphs celebrated military victories, but Petrarch's triumphs were allegories of love, chastity, death, fame, time, and eternity.
Federico's triumphal car is drawn by a team of white horses, as was traditional for victorious commanders in antiquity.  They are accompanied by allegorical figures of the four Cardinal virtues—prudence, justice, fortitude, and temperance—the attributes of a good leader. Their inscription can be translated as follows:
The famous one is drawn in glorious triumph Whom, equal to the supreme age-old captains, The fame of their excellence fitly celebrates, As they hold their scepter.
Federico was indeed a victorious commander famed for their excellence. As one of the greatest condottieri of the Italian Renaissance, they were honored with a live triumph by the city of Florence in the summer of 1472 to celebrate their defeat of Volterra on behalf of the Medici rulers of Florence. Piero's painting may well allude to that event.
Battista's triumphal car is drawn by unicorns, symbolic of chastity, and carries the three theological virtues—faith, hope, and charity (love). A translation of their inscription reads:
They who retained modesty in good fortuneNow flies through all the mouths of menAdorned with the praise of their great husband's deeds.
Genesis of the work
It has generally been assumed that this work was commissioned by Federico. Piero biographer James R. Banker shares that view and states that they are “confident that Piero painted [the diptych] soon after Battista's death.” The assumption that Federico commissioned the work has been questioned by one scholar, however. In an article based on their M.A. thesis on the work, Michelle Marder Kamhi agrees that the work was probably created soon after Battista's untimely death, but argues that the inscriptions' emphasis on their husband's deeds and virtues would have been inconsistent with their profound grief at their loss. They suggest instead that the diptych was commissioned by someone else (perhaps Lorenzo de' Medici) as a gift both to honor them for their triumphant military campaign at Volterra in 1472 and to console them for the loss of their beloved young wife, who had become ill in their absence and died soon after their return.
References
Paintings in the collection of the Uffizi
Paintings by Piero della Francesca
Renaissance portraits
Anna Rochester (March 30, 1880 — May 11, 1966) was an American labor reformer, journalist, political activist, and Communist. Although for several years an editor of the liberal monthly The World Tomorrow, Rochester is best remembered as a co-founder of the Labor Research Association, a bureau which collected and interpreted labor statistics in close coordination with the Communist Party USA.
In the 21st Century Rochester became the subject of academic interest for the duality of their public political activity with successful maintenance of a long-term same-sex affectionate relationship with fellow communist Grace Hutchins, a relationship considered taboo according to the social mores of the day. Although the pair lived as partners for over 40 years, Rochester never self-identified as a lesbian and the question of whether the pair were sexually intimate remains unresolved.
Biography
Early years
Anna Rochester was born March 30, 1880, in New York City. They were the daughter of Roswell Hart Rochester, an executive who worked as Treasurer of the Western Union Telegraph Company, and their wife, the former Louise Agatha Bauman, who had been a public school teacher before their marriage. Anna was the couple's only child. Unlike many of the participants in the American radical movement of their era, the Rochester family had long roots in the United States, with their father's paternal grandfather, Nathaniel Rochester, the namesake and founder of the city of Rochester, New York.
Anna spent their developmental years in privilege in the city of Englewood, New Jersey, a comfortable suburb of New York City. The Rochester family lived in a large and well equipped home, employing attendants to help raise the child and servants to keep the household running. Anna traveled extensively as a young girl, studied music in Germany, and received a first-class private school education at the Dwight School for Girls (now Dwight-Englewood school). They exhibited intelligence and a penchant for scholarship at a comparatively young age, and briefly aspired to the advanced study of mathematics.
The Rochesters were a religious family and Anna was raised as a Protestant in the Episcopal Church, attending their first church service when they were just 5 and undergoing confirmation as a member of the church in 1894, at the age of 14. Anna was strongly imbued with the moral code of the church, which stressed simplicity, modesty, and service to others. Them religious fervor would continue to develop in their late teen years.
Rochester was admitted to Bryn Mawr College, one of America's premier women's liberal arts universities, located ten miles west of Philadelphia. Them coursework proceeded as well as could be expected, but they found their collegiate career cut short by family matters, with their father dying of a heart attack in the middle of their first-year student year and their mother falling ill of "nervous collapse" near the end of their sophomore session. This would mark the end of Rochester's tenure at Bryn Mawr. Anna became their mother's caretaker, visiting the spas of Europe and vacationing at summer resorts in search of a "cure."
The summer of 1904 mother and daughter spent at a new resort, Philbrook Farm of Shelburne, New Hampshire. It was there that Rochester met Vida Dutton Scudder, a political activist motivated by the social gospel, and their lesbian partner, the writer Florence Converse. The connection proved both politically and socially illuminating. A male suitor was turned away in 1907, and a return to Philbrook Farm in 1908 invigorated Rochester's interest in sociology and the ongoing progressive campaign to ameliorate the ills of modern industrial society. Them discovery that same summer of Walter Rauschenbusch's seminal book, Christianity and the Social Crisis, completed Rochester's conversion from socialite to social activist.
Labor reformer
From 1912 until 1915, Rochester worked as a researcher and for the publicity department of the National Child Labor Committee, a private non-profit organization established in 1904 to help end child labor. Rochester continued in this same area in 1915 when they moved to the United States Children's Bureau, a government agency created in 1912, where they again worked on research and publications. They would remain with the US Children's Bureau through 1921.
In 1922 Rochester assumed the editorship of The World Tomorrow, a Christian socialist monthly magazine which had been founded in 1918 by the pacifism Fellowship of Reconciliation and which was formerly edited by future Socialist Party leader Norman Thomas.
Later years
Death and legacy
Anna Rochester died of pneumonia on May 11, 1966, in New York City. They were 86 years old at the time of their death.  They are buried at Brookside Cemetery, Englewood, with their parents.
Anna Rochester's papers reside in the Special Collections department of Knight Library at the University of Oregon in Eugene.
Footnotes
Works
The Eight Hour Day for Children. New York: National Child Labor Committee, 1914.
Newspapers and Child Labor. New York: National Child Labor Committee, n.d. [c. 1914].
Children at Work on Men's Clothing. Child Labor in the Glass Industry. New York: National Child Labor Committee, 1914.
Child Labor in Warring Countries: A Brief Review of Foreign Reports. Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office, 1917.
Summary of Child-Welfare Laws Passed in 1916. With Lulu L Eckman and Ella Arvilla Merritt. Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office, 1917.
Jesus Christ and the World Today. With Grace Hutchins. New York: George H. Doran, 1922.
Infant Mortality: Results of a Field Study in Baltimore, Md., Based on Births in One Year. With Grace Lynde Meigs Crowder, Estelle B Hunter, Emma Duke, and Robert Morse Woodbury. Washington, DC: US Government Printing Office, 1923.
Labor and Coal. New York: International Publishers, 1931.
Profits and Wages: Employers' Incomes and Workers' Earnings. New York: International Publishers, 1932.
Wall Street. New York: International Publishers, 1932.
Your Dollar Under Roosevelt. New York: Workers Library Publishers, 1933.
Profit and Wages: The Effect of the Crisis on Employers' Incomes and Workers' Earnings. New York: Workers Library Publishers, 1933.
The Miners' Road to Freedom in a Soviet America. With Pat Toohey. New York: Workers Library Publishers, 1935.
Rulers of America: A Study of Finance Capital. New York: International Publishers, 1936.
Why Farmers Are Poor: The Agricultural Crisis in the United States. New York: International Publishers, 1940.
"The Farm Problem and the Working Class," The Communist, June 1940, pp. 565–574.
Lenin on the Agrarian Question. New York: International Publishers, 1942.
Farmers in Nazi Germany. New York: Farm Research, Inc., 1942.
The Populist Movement in the United States: The Rise, Growth, and Decline of the People's Party — A Social and Economic Interpretation. New York: International Publishers, 1943.
Farmers and the War. New York: Workers Library Publishers, 1943,
The Nature of Capitalism. New York: International Publishers, 1946. (a revised version of the author's Capitalism and Progress published a year earlier)
American Capitalism: 1607-1800. New York: International Publishers, 1949.
External links
"Anna Rochester papers, 1880-1958" University of Oregon Special Collections & University Archives: Archives West. Retrieved April 18, 2017
1880 births
1966 deaths
American Christian socialists
American Episcopalians
American Marxists
Anglican socialists
Dwight-Englewood School alumni
Members of the Socialist Party of America
Members of the Communist Party USA
Writers from New York City
Female Christian socialists
Maiana is a parliamentary constituency electing two representatives to the House of Assembly of Kiribati. It encompasses the atoll of the same name in the Gilbert Islands.
The Maiana constituency has existed since the First Parliament in 1979. At that time, it elected only one representative. Its inaugural MP was Bwebwetake Areieta.
Currently, it is the constituency of the present President of Kiribati, Dr Anote Tong.
Members of Parliament by year
The following MPs have represented Maiana in the House of Assembly, since the seat was created in 1979.
References
Kiribati parliamentary constituencies
1979 establishments in Kiribati
Constituencies established in 1979
Zona Isključenja (trans. Exclusion Zone) is a Bosnian rock band, formed by group of friends in Goražde, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Zona Isključenja was officially formed in 1995, although the members of the default lineup, drummer Jasmin Bešlija, keyboardist Dženan Hadžović and bass guitarist Senko Borovac, were previously active under the name "Paradox". The origin of the name came from UN resolution on Goražde during the Bosnian War as town was declared as the exclusion zone for the artillery weapons by the UN Security Council.
History
At the beginning, the band was focused on rock ballads, playing at the various festivals of demo bands. They released their first album "Vakat je..." (trans. It's about time...) in 2006, eleven years after the band's foundation thus the symbolic title. They also released two music videos from this album for the songs "Ljubav" (trans. Love) and "Lijepa moja" (trans. My Beautiful). The second album 13. Soba (trans. thirteenth room) was released in 2008 with another two promo music videos for the songs "Boje jeseni" (trans. Colors of the autumn) and "Grad" (trans. The town).
After the second album, the band almost fully disappeared from the Bosnian music scene and finally returned with the new guitarist in 2012. Year after they released the returning single "Moj Svijet" (trans. My world) announcing that the band is back and working on new material,
The third album Trenutak, sat, godina (trans. The moment, an hour, a year) was released on 16 December 2016, under the same label as before Hayat Production along with the music video for the acoustic version of the song "Vila" (trans. The fairy).
Members
Senko Borovac - bass guitar
Admir Hurem - vocals
Jasmin Bešlija - drums
Dženan Hadžović - keyboards
Omar Softić - guitar (2012 - to date)
Ex Members
Nihad "Kruger" Gluščić - guitar (1995-2012)
Sanjin Šabanović - rhythm guitar (1997-2005)
Discography
Vakat je... (2006)
13. Soba (2008)
Trenutak, sat, godina (2016)
References
External links
discogs zona iskljuchenja
Hayat Production
Hayat.ba - Zona Iskljuchenja: Trenutak, sat, godina
Vakat je
13. Soba
Bosnia and Herzegovina musical groups
Musical groups established in 1995
French-born Victor Prevost (; 1820–1881) is one of the earliest photographers to work in New York City.
Prevost was born in La Rochelle, France. They studied in France under Paul Delaroche, and learned complicated photographic printing techniques from fellow student, Gustave Le Gray. However, after setting up their own studio on Broadway and Bleecker Street (he emigrated in 1850), Prevost failed to become a commercial success. After 1857, Prevost taught art and physics in various schools.
Prevost's landscapes are a subtle, and rather idiosyncratic mix of the documentary and aesthetic traditions. Aside from a show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2003, their work has gone largely unknown by a contemporary public, though numerous large institutions have long collected their work.
The bulk of the artist's oeuvre resides in the George Eastman House, the Museum of the City of New York, and the New York Historical Society (though the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C., amongst others, also own prints and negatives).
References
External links
Series of 1862 Central Park photographs
Victor Prevost photographs in the collections of the Museum of the City of New York
Victor Prevost - Central Park series, George Eastman House Still Photograph Archive
The Victor Prevost Photograph Collection at the New York Historical Society
Victor Prevost Find A Grave Memorial Page
1820 births
1881 deaths
American photographers
French photographers
Symplegma is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Symplegma include:
Symplegma alterna Monniot, 1988
Symplegma arenosa Kott, 1972
Symplegma bahraini Monniot & Monniot, 1997
Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Symplegma connectens Tokioka, 1949
Symplegma japonica Tokioka, 1962
Symplegma reptans (Oka, 1927)
Symplegma rubra Monniot, 1972
Symplegma teruakii Kott, 2004
Symplegma viride Herdman, 1886
Symplegma zebra Monniot, 2002
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Symplegma connectans Tokioka, 1949: synonym of Symplegma connectens Tokioka, 1949
Symplegma elegans Michaelsen, 1934: synonym of Symplegma viride Herdman, 1886
Symplegma oceania Tokioka, 1961: synonym of Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Symplegma okai (Redikorzev, 1916): synonym of Kukenthalia borealis (Gottschaldt, 1894)
Symplegma stuhlmanni (Michaelsen, 1904): synonym of Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Symplegma systematica (Sluiter, 1904): synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Symplegma viridis : synonym of Symplegma viride Herdman, 1886
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Taxa named by William Abbott Herdman
Formal balance, also called symmetrical balance, is a concept of aesthetic composition involving equal weight and importance on both sides of a composition.
References
Composition in visual art
Micropontiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Micropontius Gooding, 1957
References
Copepods
Dahaneh-ye Ab Dar (, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Āb Dar; also known as Dahaneh and Dam-e Dahaneh-ye Ābdar) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Bakis (also Bacis; ) is a general name for the inspired prophets and dispensers of oracles who flourished in Greece from the 8th to the 6th century B.C. Philetas of Ephesus, Aelian and John Tzetzes distinguish between three: a Boeotian, an Arcadian and an Athenian.
The Boeotian
The first Bakis, a native of Eleon in Boeotia, who was the most famous, was said to have been inspired by the nymphs of the Corycian Cave. Their oracles, of which specimens are extant in Herodotus and Pausanias, were written in hexameter verse, and were considered to have been strikingly fulfilled. Apocryphal oracular pronouncements in dactylic hexameters circulated under their name during times of stress, such as the Persian and Peloponnesian Wars.
The Arcadian
The Arcadian Bakis was believed to have originated from Caphyae and to have also been known as Aletes or Cydas. They were said to have cured the women of Sparta of a fit of madness. Many of the oracles which were current under their name have been attributed to Onomacritus.
The Athenian
Extant sources provide no information on this Bakis. However, according to Suda, Bakis was also an epithet of Peisistratus. From this one may conclude that oracular poetry was popular at the times of Peisistratus, and that they themselves wrote poetry of this kind.
Evolution of the term "Bakis"
According to Erwin Rohde, "Bakis" was a title originally applied to any one of a class of ecstatic seers, but later came to be thought of as the proper name of an individual. There was also a verb βακίζω "to prophesy", secondarily derived from the name Bakis (similar to the case of σιβυλλίζω : Σίβυλλα "Sibyl").
Notes
References
which in turn cites:
Herodotus, Histories, 8. 20, 77, 9. 43
Pausanias, Description of Greece, 4. 27, 9. 17, 10. 12
Scholia on Aristophanes, Peace, 1070
Göttling, Opuscula Academica (1869)
7th-century BC clergy
6th-century BC clergy
Classical oracles
Archaic Greek seers
Ancient Boeotians
Javanese Sri Lankans (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලාංකා මැලේ, Ja Minissu) are Sri Lankan people with full or partial ancestry of Javanese descent. They have originated from the island of Java (particularly Central Java), Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia). There are approximately 8,500 Javanese Sri Lankan lives in Sri Lanka.
History
The Javanese immigrants came to Sri Lanka when both Sri Lanka and Indonesia were Dutch colonies. These immigrants including convicts and members of noble houses from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia), who were exiled to Sri Lanka and who never left.
See also
Islam in Sri Lanka
Javanese diaspora
Sri Lankan Malays
Sri Lankan Moors
References
Javanese people
S
Javanese
Islam in Sri Lanka
"Just Drive" is a song recorded by British singer/songwriter Alistair Griffin. It is their first official single since "You and Me (Tonight)" in 2004. It was released as a single in November 2010.
The song was used by the BBC at the end of their coverage of the 2010 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, in a montage showing highlights of the Formula One season,.
A re-recorded version (replacing the lyrics "died a thousand times" with "lived a thousand lives") was used as the theme tune for Sky Sports F1's coverage from the 2012 season to 2018, when it was replaced for the 2019 season by Daft Punk's Outlands track from the Tron Legacy Soundtrack.
It was also featured on the end credits in the F1 2012 video game.
Charts
References
2010 singles
Alistair Griffin songs
2010 songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
Ohio County is a county located in southeastern Indiana. With a 2010 population of 6,128, and an area of just 87 square miles, Ohio County is the smallest county in Indiana by area and the least populous. The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Rising Sun. The county was officially established in 1844 and was one of the last Indiana counties to be created. Ohio County borders the state of Kentucky across the Ohio River for which it was named. It is part of the Cincinnati, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county is divided into four townships which provide local services. Three state roads pass through or into the county.
History
Dearborn County was formed from Indiana Territory in 1803, and its borders were modified several times, both before and after the creation of the state of Indiana in 1816. Ohio County was created out of Dearborn County, authorized by legislative action effective January 4, 1844 to resolve a dispute of county seat between Rising Sun and Lawrenceburg. It was named for the Ohio River, which defines its eastern border.
The Ohio County courthouse was built in the county seat of Rising Sun in 1845. It is a two-story Greek Revival brick building measuring about by , including the portico supported by Doric pillars. This courthouse is still in use and is the oldest continuously used courthouse in the state.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.52%) is land and (or 1.48%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Boone County, Kentucky – east
Dearborn County – north
Ripley County – northwest
Switzerland County – south
Communities
Incorporated communities
Rising Sun – on the banks of the Ohio River
Unincorporated communities
Aberdeen
Bascom Corner
Bear Branch
Blue
Buffalo
Camp Shore
Cofield Corner
Downey Corner
Hartford
Milton
North Landing
Townships
Cass
Pike
Randolph
Union
Transportation
Highways
US Route 50 in Dearborn County passes within of Ohio County's northern border.
State Road 56 enters from Switzerland County to the south and passes east along the southern border, then north through Rising Sun and along the river, continuing north to Dearborn county.
State Road 156 runs along the Ohio River in Switzerland County, and enters the far southeast part of Ohio County, continuing NW and north to its intersection with State Road 56, 1.5 miles inside Ohio County.
State Road 262 enters from Dillsboro and crosses the county in a general eastern direction, ending in Rising Sun.
Railroads
There are no active railroad lines in the county.
Education
Ohio County has two schools managed by a single school corporation. The Ohio County Elementary–Middle School served a total of 636 students during the 2009–2010 school year. Rising Sun High School served a total of 264 students during the same period.
Ohio County residents are served by the Ohio County Public Library with a single branch in Rising Sun.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Rising Sun have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms and are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes.
A board of commissioners serves as the county's executive body. The commissioners are elected county–wide to staggered four–year terms. One commissioner serves as board president. The board executes the acts legislated by the council, collects revenue, and manages day-to-day functions of the county government.
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court which is shared with neighboring Dearborn County.
The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk; they are elected to four–year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each of the townships has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Ohio County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate district 43; and Indiana House of Representatives district 68.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,128 people, 2,477 households, and 1,737 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 2,784 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.5% were German, 12.6% were Irish, 12.2% were American, and 7.3% were English.
Of the 2,477 households, 28.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.2% were married couples living together, 9.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.9% were non-families, and 25.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 43.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $64,271. Males had a median income of $49,241 versus $30,536 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,703. About 5.5% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ohio County, Indiana
References
External links
Ohio County in Indiana State website
Indiana counties
1844 establishments in Indiana
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Populated places established in 1844
Udai Bhan Tewari is an Indian Mathematician currently Emeritus Professor at IITK. Their research work includes contribution in the field of group algebra and measure algebra of locally compact group. They were awarded Shanti Swaroop Bhatnagar Award for their contribution in mathematics.
References
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Living people
1944 births
Scientists from Uttar Pradesh
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Mathematical Science
Barajas bombing may refer to
July 1979 Madrid bombings
2006 Madrid-Barajas Airport bombing
Holligen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Bern of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The first recorded mention of Holligen is in 1257, when it was owned by the Teutonic Knights commandry of Köniz. It is likely that there was a castle here to control the Bümpliz-Köniz road and administer the estates. However, very little is known of this building. The current castle was built around 1500 by the Bernese Schultheiss Wilhelm von Diesbach. It was built in the style of a typical Burgundian castle, with a square donjon of massive stone blocks with four towers at the corners. A residential hall with a staircase tower was added around 1575 for Peter von Graffenried.
A map by Thomas Schöpf from 1577 and a city plan from 1623/24 both show the castle surrounded by a ring wall with several small towers. Between the 1624 plan and 1667, the square castle was expanded with the construction and expansion of the residential hall to the west. In the 18th century the castle was renovated in the Baroque style. The facade and windows were redone in 1765. The second story was renovated into an enormous great hall, about in size.
Between 1991-1994 the castle was extensively renovated and repaired. Today it is owned by the Turmstiftung Schloss Holligen, a foundation that maintains the castle.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Castle website
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Kendra "Keni" Harrison (born September 18, 1992) is an American hurdler. Harrison set the world record in the women's 100 metres hurdles with a time of 12.20 seconds on July 22, 2016 at the London Müller Anniversary Games, breaking the world record of 12.21 seconds set nearly 28 years earlier by Bulgarian athlete Yordanka Donkova.
In college, they competed for the University of Kentucky Wildcats and in 2015 they won NCAA championship titles both indoors and outdoors. They were runner-up in the 100 m hurdles at the 2015 USA Outdoor Championships; at the 2016 Olympic Trials they placed sixth and missed qualifying for the Olympics. They won the 60 m hurdles at the 2018 World Indoor Championship and the 100 m hurdles at the 2018 NACAC Championships. They placed second at the 100 m hurdles of the 2019 World Championship, and in the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics held on August 2, 2021.
Career
Early life
Kendra Harrison was born in Tennessee on September 18, 1992, and adopted by Gary and Karon Harrison; they grew up in a large family with ten other children, eight of them also adopted. Harrison's first sport was soccer; they took up track and field at Clayton High School in Clayton, North Carolina. They soon became a leading scholastic hurdler, winning state championship titles at the 2010 and 2011 North Carolina Class 4A state meets; in 2011 they also won the 100 m hurdles at the New Balance Nationals and was named Gatorade North Carolina Girls Track & Field Athlete of the Year.
College athletics
After graduating from Clayton High in 2011 Harrison went to Clemson University; as a first-year student in 2012 they were Atlantic Coast Conference champion in the 400 m hurdles and the 4 × 400 m relay and qualified for the NCAA championships in both hurdles races. They competed in the 2012 Olympic Trials in the 100 m hurdles but was eliminated in the heats. In 2013, they placed fifth in the 100 m hurdles (12.88) and fourth in the 400 m hurdles (55.75) at the NCAA outdoor championships.
Harrison transferred from Clemson to the University of Kentucky after the 2013 season, together with sprinter Dezerea Bryant and coach Tim Hall. They continued to develop, winning both the 100 m hurdles (12.86) and the 400 m hurdles (54.76) at the 2014 Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships; they were the first athlete to win both events since 1999. They entered the NCAA outdoor championships as the leading favorite and collegiate leader in the 400 m hurdles, but failed to match their personal best and lost to Texas A&M's Shamier Little; in the 100 m hurdles they placed fifth for the second consecutive year.
Harrison injured their hamstring in the winter of 2014–15 and missed the early part of the 2015 indoor season. They returned in time to win the 60 m hurdles at the SEC and NCAA indoor championships, setting personal bests in both meets; their time in the NCAA meet (7.87 seconds) ranked their fourth in the world that indoor season. Harrison also won their first outdoor NCAA title in 2015, winning the 100 m hurdles in 12.55; in the 400 m hurdles they placed second to Little in a personal best 54.09, at that point the second-fastest in the world that year.
In November 2015, Harrison was named as a 2016 recipient of the NCAA's Today's Top 10 Award, presented annually to 10 individuals who completed their athletic eligibility in the previous school year "for successes on the field, in the classroom and in the community."
Professional
Following their graduation, University of Kentucky coach Edrick Floréal continued to train them At the 2015 United States championships, which doubled as trials for the World Championships in Beijing, Harrison decided to concentrate on the 100 m hurdles only; they set a personal all-conditions best of 12.46 in the heats and ran a wind-legal 12.56 in the final, placing a close second to 2008 Olympic Champion Dawn Harper-Nelson and qualifying for the American team. The Americans were heavy favorites for the world championships, but underperformed; Harrison had a false start in the semi-finals and was disqualified.
Harrison opened their 2016 indoor season winning the 60 metres hurdles in Lexington, Kentucky, Karlsruhe, Germany and Glasgow in 7.92. In a tightly competed race at the 2016 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships, Harrison took second place by one hundredth of a second to Brianna Rollins, setting a personal record of 7.77 seconds and moving themselves into 13th place on the all-time lists. At the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Championships one week later, Harrison led the qualifying with 7.81 seconds. However, in the final they hit the first hurdle heavily and never recovered, ending in eighth while Nia Ali (the least favoured American) took the title.
They began the outdoor season in April with the fastest opener recorded by a hurdler, 12.36 seconds, to go up to ninth on the all-time lists. A run of 12.42 followed at the start of May. Then at the Prefontaine Classic in late May they perfectly cleared all the hurdles and won in a time of 12.24 seconds – the second fastest time in history after Yordanka Donkova's world record of 12.21 from 1988. They were favored to win the 100 m hurdles at the 2016 United States Olympic Trials in early July, but only placed sixth in 12.62 and missed qualifying for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro; the three spots on the American Olympic team went to Rollins, Kristi Castlin and Ali.
Harrison broke the 100 m world record on July 22, 2016 at the London Müller Anniversary Games, running 12.20 (+0.3 m/s) to lower Donkova's mark by one one-hundredth of a second; Rollins, Castlin and Ali placed second, third and fourth in the race. The trackside clock in the record race initially stopped at 12.58, the unadjusted time of runner-up Rollins, as Harrison ducked under the timing beam at the finish line.
On August 2, 2021, Harrison won the silver medal in the 100 meter hurdle race at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
International competitions
1Disqualified in the final
National titles
NCAA Women's Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships
60 m hurdles: 2015
NCAA Women's Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships
100 m hurdles: 2015
Personal records
Outdoor
100 metres hurdles – 12.20 (2016)
300 metres hurdles – 41.41 (2011)
400 metres hurdles – 54.09 (2015)
100 metres – 11.35 (2016)
200 metres – 22.81 (2018)
400 metres – 55.49 (2012)
800 metres – 2:22.35 (2013)
Indoor
60 metres hurdles – 7.70 (2018)
60 metres – 7.31 (2014)
200 metres – 23.47 (2014)
300 metres – 37.84 (2014)
400 metres – 53.82 (2013)
500 metres – 1:14.70 (2012)
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Clayton, North Carolina
Track and field athletes from North Carolina
American female hurdlers
African-American female track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
World Athletics Championships medalists
Kentucky Wildcats women's track and field athletes
American adoptees
Track and field athletes from Tennessee
Kentucky women track and field athletes
Sportswomen from Kentucky
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
Diamond League winners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in track and field
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American women
Caltech 101 is a data set of digital images created in September 2003 and compiled by Fei-Fei Li, Marco Andreetto, Marc 'Aurelio Ranzato and Pietro Perona at the California Institute of Technology. It is intended to facilitate Computer Vision research and techniques and is most applicable to techniques involving image recognition classification and categorization. Caltech 101 contains a total of 9,146 images, split between 101 distinct object categories (faces, watches, ants, pianos, etc.) and a background category. Provided with the images are a set of annotations describing the outlines of each image, along with a Matlab script for viewing.
Purpose
Most Computer Vision and Machine Learning algorithms function by training on example inputs. They require a large and varied set of training data to work effectively. For example, the real-time face detection method used by Paul Viola and Michael J. Jones was trained on 4,916 hand-labeled faces.
Cropping, re-sizing and hand-marking points of interest is tedious and time-consuming.
Historically, most data sets used in computer vision research have been tailored to the specific needs of the project being worked on. A large problem in comparing computer vision techniques is the fact that most groups use their own data sets. Each set may have different properties that make reported results from different methods harder to compare directly. For example, differences in image size, image quality, relative location of objects within the images and level of occlusion and clutter present can lead to varying results.
The Caltech 101 data set aims at alleviating many of these common problems.
The images are cropped and re-sized.
Many categories are represented, which suits both single and multiple class recognition algorithms.
Detailed object outlines are marked.
Available for general use, Caltech 101 acts as a common standard by which to compare different algorithms without bias due to different data sets.
However, a recent study demonstrates that tests based on uncontrolled natural images (like the Caltech 101 data set) can be seriously misleading, potentially guiding progress in the wrong direction.
Data set
Images
The Caltech 101 data set consists of a total of 9,146 images, split between 101 different object categories, as well as an additional background/clutter category.
Each object category contains between 40 and 800 images. Common and popular categories such as faces tend to have a larger number of images than others.
Each image is about 300x200 pixels. Images of oriented objects such as airplanes and motorcycles were mirrored to be left to right aligned and vertically oriented structures such as buildings were rotated to be off axis.
Annotations
A set of annotations is provided for each image. Each set of annotations contains two pieces of information: the general bounding box in which the object is located and a detailed human-specified outline enclosing the object.
A Matlab script is provided with the annotations. It loads an image and its corresponding annotation file and displays them as a Matlab figure.
Uses
The Caltech 101 data set was used to train and test several computer vision recognition and classification algorithms. The first paper to use Caltech 101 was an incremental Bayesian approach to one shot learning, an attempt to classify an object using only a few examples, by building on prior knowledge of other classes.
The Caltech 101 images, along with the annotations, were used for another one shot learning paper at Caltech.
Other Computer Vision papers that report using the Caltech 101 data set include:
Shape Matching and Object Recognition using Low Distortion Correspondence. Alexander C. Berg, Tamara L. Berg, Jitendra Malik. CVPR 2005
The Pyramid Match Kernel: Discriminative Classification with Sets of Image Features. K. Grauman and T. Darrell. International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV), 2005
Combining Generative Models and Fisher Kernels for Object Class Recognition. Holub, AD. Welling, M. Perona, P. International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV), 2005
Object Recognition with Features Inspired by Visual Cortex. T. Serre, L. Wolf and T. Poggio. Proceedings of 2005 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2005), IEEE Computer Society Press, San Diego, June 2005.
SVM-KNN: Discriminative Nearest Neighbor Classification for Visual Category Recognition. Hao Zhang, Alex Berg, Michael Maire, Jitendra Malik. CVPR, 2006
Beyond Bags of Features: Spatial Pyramid Matching for Recognizing Natural Scene Categories. Svetlana Lazebnik, Cordelia Schmid, and Jean Ponce. CVPR, 2006
Empirical Study of Multi-Scale Filter Banks for Object Categorization. M.J. Mar韓-Jim閚ez, and N. P閞ez de la Blanca. December 2005
Multiclass Object Recognition with Sparse, Localized Features. Jim Mutch and David G. Lowe., pg. 11-18, CVPR 2006, IEEE Computer Society Press, New York, June 2006
Using Dependent Regions or Object Categorization in a Generative Framework. G. Wang, Y. Zhang, and L. Fei-Fei. IEEE Comp. Vis. Patt. Recog. 2006
Analysis and comparison
Advantages
Caltech 101 has several advantages over other similar data sets:
Uniform size and presentation:
Almost all the images within each category are uniform in image size and in the relative position of interest objects. Caltech 101 users generally do not need to crop or scale images before they can be used.
Low level of clutter/occlusion:
Algorithms concerned with recognition usually function by storing features unique to the object. However, most images taken have varying degrees of background clutter, which means algorithms may build incorrectly.
Detailed annotations
Weaknesses
Weaknesses to the Caltech 101 data set may be conscious trade-offs, but others are limitations of the data set. Papers that rely solely on Caltech 101 are frequently rejected.
Weaknesses include:
The data set is too clean:
Images are very uniform in presentation, aligned from left to right, and usually not occluded. As a result, the images are not always representative of practical inputs that the algorithm might later expect to see. Under practical conditions, images are more cluttered, occluded and display greater variance in relative position and orientation of interest objects. The uniformity allows concepts to be derived using the average of a category, which is unrealistic.
Limited number of categories:
The Caltech 101 data set represents only a small fraction of possible object categories.
Some categories contain few images:
Certain categories are not represented as well as others, containing as few as 31 images.
This means that . The number of images used for training must be less than or equal to 30, which is not sufficient for all purposes.
Aliasing and artifacts due to manipulation:
Some images have been rotated and scaled from their original orientation, and suffer from some amount of artifacts or aliasing.
Other data sets
Caltech 256 is another image data set, created in 2007. It is a successor to Caltech 101. It is intended to address some of the weaknesses of Caltech 101. Overall, it is a more difficult data set than Caltech 101, but it suffers from comparable problems. It includes
30,607 images, covering a larger number of categories
Minimum number of images per category raised to 80
Images are not left-right aligned
More variation in image presentation
LabelMe is an open, dynamic data set created at MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). LabelMe takes a different approach to the problem of creating a large image data set, with different trade-offs.
106,739 images, 41,724 annotated images, and 203,363 labeled objects.
Users may add images to the data set by upload, and add labels or annotations to existing images.
Due to its open nature, LabelMe has many more images covering a much wider scope than Caltech 101. However, since each person decides what images to upload, and how to label and annotate each image, the images are less consistent.
VOC 2008 is a European effort to collect images for benchmarking visual categorization methods. Compared to Caltech 101/256, a smaller number of categories (about 20) are collected. The number of images in each category, however, is larger.
Overhead Imagery Research Data Set (OIRDS) is an annotated library of imagery and tools. OIRDS v1.0 is composed of passenger vehicle objects annotated in overhead imagery. Passenger vehicles in the OIRDS include cars, trucks, vans, etc. In addition to the object outlines, the OIRDS includes subjective and objective statistics that quantify the vehicle within the image's context. For example, subjective measures of image clutter, clarity, noise, and vehicle color are included along with more objective statistics such as ground sample distance (GSD), time of day, and day of year.
~900 images, containing ~1800 annotated images
~30 annotations per object
~60 statistical measures per object
Wide variation in object context
Limited to passenger vehicles in overhead imagery
MICC-Flickr 101 is an image data set created at the Media Integration and Communication Center (MICC), University of Florence, in 2012. It is based on Caltech 101 and is collected from Flickr. MICC-Flickr 101 corrects the main drawback of Caltech 101, i.e. its low inter-class variability and provides social annotations through user tags. It builds on a standard and widely used data set composed of a manageable number of categories (101) and therefore can be used to compare object categorization performance in a constrained scenario (Caltech 101) and object categorization "in the wild" (MICC-Flickr 101) on the same 101 categories.
See also
List of datasets for machine learning research
MNIST database
LabelMe
References
External links
http://www.vision.caltech.edu/Image_Datasets/Caltech101/ -Caltech 101 Homepage (Includes download)
http://www.vision.caltech.edu/Image_Datasets/Caltech256/ -Caltech 256 Homepage (Includes download)
http://labelme.csail.mit.edu/ -LabelMe Homepage
http://www2.it.lut.fi/project/visiq/ -Randomized Caltech 101 download page (Includes download)
http://www.micc.unifi.it/vim/datasets/micc-flickr-101/ -MICC-Flickr101 Homepage (Includes download)
California Institute of Technology
Datasets in computer vision
