Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 2004/2005
Final point standings
In Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 2004/05 all results count.
Note: In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's giant slalom discipline titles
Azagny virus (AZGV) is an Orthohantavirus found in West African pygmy shrews. The virus was named after the Azagny National Park, where some sample collecting occurred.
References
Hantaviridae
Fred Worden, filmmaker, has been involved in experimental cinema since the 1970s. Their work has been screened at The Museum of Modern Art, in the 2002 Whitney Biennial, The Centre Pompidou, in Paris, The Pacific Film Archive, The New York Film Festival, The London Film Festival, The Rotterdam International Film Festival, The Toronto Film Festival, and The Hong Kong International Film Festival. They were an editor for Criss-Cross Art Communications from the '70s through the '80s and their writings have appeared in Cinematograph. Their work is included in the Stan Brakhage Collection, the Austrian Museum, The Centre Pompidou and others. Worden's work develops out of their interest in intermittent projection as the source of cinema's primordial powers: how a stream of still pictures passing through a projector at a speed meant to overwhelm the eyes might be harnessed to purposes other than representation or naturalism.
They received their MFA in film, from the California Institute of the Arts.
The Academy Film Archive preserved Four Frames and Throbs by Worden.
Filmography
16mm films
THROBS (1972, color, sound, 7 min.)
NOW, YOU CAN DO ANYTHING (with Chris Langdon, 1973, color, sound, 6min.)
VENUSVILLE (with Chris Langdon, 1973, color, sound, 10min.)
FOUR FRAMES (1976, color, silent, 10min.)
BON AMI (1977, color, silent, 6.5min.)
VUDOO (ca.1977-78, color, silent, 14min.)
PANOVISION (1979, color, silent, 11min.)
VENETIAN BLIND (ca.1979, color, sound, 10min.)
TERRIFIC MEASURES (1980, color, silent, 5.5min.)
INSOMNIA (1981, b/w, silent, 6min.)
IN & OUT (1983, color, silent, 4min.)
HERE, THERE, NOW, LATER (1983, color, silent, 3min.)
PLOTTING THE GREY SCALE: 2 OR 3 QUICK TRAVERSES (1985, b/w, silent, 7min.)
LURE (1986, color, sound, 7min.)
HOW THE HELL I RIPPED JACK GOLDSTEIN'S PAINTING IN THE ELEVATOR (1986, b/w, sound, 23min.)
BOULEVARD (1989, b/w, sound, 9min.)
BREAKOUT (1990, color, sound, 10min.)
INTRODUCTION TO THE SECRET SOCIETY (1992, color & b/w, sound, 9min.)
THIS OLD HOUSE (1993)
ONE (1998, b/w, silent, 25min.)
AUTOMATIC WRITING 2 (2000, b/w, silent, 12min.)
THE OR CLOUD (2001, b/w, silent, 7min.)
IF ONLY (2003, b/w, silent, 7min.)
Digital works
AMONGST THE PERSUADED (2004, 23min.)
BLUE POLE(S) (2005, 20min.)
HERE (2005, 11min.)
EVERYDAY BAD DREAM (2006, 6min.)
TIME'S ARROW (2007, 11min.)
NORTH SHORE (2007, 11min.)
THE AFTERlife (VICTORIA'S SECRET VERSION) (2007, 15min.)
WHEN WORLDS COLLUDE (2008, 13min.)
1859 (2008, 11min.)
ALL MY LIFE (2009, 20min.)
POSSESSED (2010, 9min.)
ALL OR NOTHING (2012, 8.5min.)
Sources
External links
Personal website
Invisible Cinema: Fred Worden SOUND AND MOTION: GOING PLACES
San Francisco Cinematheque: Energy and Deep Abstraction: The Graphic Cinema of Fred Worden
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American experimental filmmakers
Tragheimsdorf was a quarter of northern Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
Tragheimsdorf was originally a small village located north of Tragheim along the western shore of the Oberteich. It was incorporated into the city of Königsberg in 1908 and developed into a new quarter after the dismantling of Tragheim Gate in 1911. Neighboring quarters were Tragheim to the south, Vorderhufen to the west, and Tragheimer Palve to the north.
Several of the newly planned streets in Tragheimsdorf were named after battles and events from the War of the Sixth Coalition, such as Tauroggen, Großgörschen, Dennewitz, Probstheida, Wartenburg, and Nollendorf. Auguste-Viktoria-Allee was named after Empress Augusta Victoria, while Cäcilienallee honored Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Samitter Allee led to Tragheimer Palve.
The Handelshochschule, the only business school of its kind in then-eastern Germany. In eastern Tragheimsdorf along the shores of the Oberteich was the Prussia Badeanstalt, a public bath.
Notes
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
The Graduate School of Public Health is one of the professional graduate schools of San Diego State University within its College of Health and Human Services. Located in the College Area neighborhood of San Diego, California, it is part of the Association of Schools of Public Health and is fully accredited by the Council on Education for Public Health. San Diego State University is a member of the Western Association of Graduate Schools, the Council of Graduate Schools in the United States, and the Consortium of Universities for Global Health. The GSPH also maintains its own chapter in the Delta Omega Honorary Society in Public Health.
The school's mission is "to improve population health and well-being by building a diverse public health workforce to meet the needs of current and future communities."
History
The GSPH began through the efforts of James W. Cobble, Dean of the Graduate Division at SDSU; the late Dr. John J. Hanlon, former Assistant Surgeon General of the U.S. Public Health Service and a father of modern public health; and Thomas B. Day, former President of SDSU. Associated with Dr. Hanlon's early work on the GSPH is the formation of an umbrella organization, the College of Health and Human Services, which would provide collaboration between the GSPH, the Schools of Social Work and Nursing, and the Departments of Health Science and Communicative Disorders.
Degrees
The GSPH offers an undergraduate minor in public health; a Bachelor of Science in Health Sciences; a Master of Public Health; a Preventative Medicine Residency program; and Ph.D.s in Epidemiology, Health Behavior, and Global Health. Ph.D.s awarded by the GSPH are jointly awarded with the University of California, San Diego. The GSPH offers the following dual degrees: MPH/MA in Latin American Studies, MPH/MSW, and MPH/MD. Students pursuing MPH degrees have the option of choosing between five concentrations: Biometry, Environmental Health, Epidemiology, Health Promotion and Behavioral Science, and Health Management and Policy. The GSPH is among only five schools in the United States whose MPH concentration in Management and Policy is accredited by the Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Management Education in addition to being accredited by CEPH.
Affiliated research institutions
Heart Institute
San Diego Prevention Research Center
Institute for Public Health
Institute for Behavioral and Community Health
Center for Behavioral Epidemiology and Community Health
Center for Injury Prevention Policy and Practice
References
External links
Graduate School of Public Health, San Diego State University website
San Diego State University
Schools of public health in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in California
Grace Choi is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Judd Winick and artist Tom Raney, first appearing in Outsiders (vol. 3) #1 (August 2003) in the Modern Age of Comic Books. Choi is introduced as a young Asian American woman using their powers of superhuman strength, healing, and enhanced durability to make a living as a nightclub bouncer, who is reluctantly recruited by their superhero acquaintance Roy Harper to join their new crew of heroes, the Outsiders.
In the course of their adventures, Grace comes to take pride in their work as a superhero, and discovers that they are descended from a tribe of Amazons, explaining their better-than-human abilities, and giving them a new role model in Wonder Woman. While working with the team, they enter into a relationship with their teammate Thunder, the daughter of superhero and Outsider-founding member Black Lightning.
Outside of comics, Choi has made appearances in television shows and video games. The character was portrayed by Chantal Thuy in the live-action Arrowverse television series Black Lightning. However, this version of them was a metahuman instead of an Amazon and possessed the ability to shapeshift.
Fictional character biography
Origin
Grace Choi is a tall Asian-American woman with metahuman strength who sports tattoos styled along Pacific First Nations lines on both of their arms and a circular sun design around their navel.
Grace's history was explored in detail in the "Outsiders: Most Wanted" arc, in which it was revealed that they were one of the surviving victims of a prostitution ring that exploited abducted and runaway children as its "merchandise". Upon reaching puberty, Grace used their then-nascent metahuman powers to escape, and spent the next several years living independently, until their recruitment into the Outsiders.
Though initially the source of Grace's powers was not revealed, when the team was captured by the Brain and Monsieur Mallah in Outsiders (vol. 3) #39, they noted that Grace has been enhanced more than "her kind" usually is. The Outsiders were confused by that remark, leading Mallah to laugh and comment: "You mean they don't know what you are?" Later, Grace's Amazon lineage was revealed.
Joining the Outsiders
In their first appearance in Outsiders (vol. 3) #1, they were the bouncer for the metahuman nightclub Chaney's in Metropolis; Arsenal recruited them for the newly formed Outsiders. They and Arsenal were old friends but they were not very keen on joining until they told them the Outsiders job would pay their three times more than their bouncer job.
"One Year Later"
Grace Choi remains a member of the Outsiders, and assisted in toppling the regime of Mali. They get along quite well with the team's newest member, Captain Boomerang II, and the two have been involved in the somewhat questionable interrogation of some soldiers, involving torture. It has been revealed that Grace has been secretly involved in a relationship with Thunder (Anissa Pierce). After an unsuccessful mission in North Korea involving Checkmate, Nightwing hands over the Outsiders to Batman, who elects to decide on their own roster culminating in DC Comics' relaunch of the Batman and the Outsiders title.
Grace features in the Amazons Attack limited series where during an attack on the United States by the Amazons, they encounter the Bana Amazons. One of its members tells them that they are actually part of their tribe, the explanation for earlier allusions by others to "her kind." This did not entirely explain Grace's metahuman powers, however, as the Bana Amazons have only peak human level strength and conditioning while their Themyscirian Amazon cousins possess true metahuman strength. In the aftermath of the war, Batman assigns Wonder Woman and Grace to a cleanup mission which serves as an audition for their new Outsiders roster. Grace identifies themselves as half-Amazonian and displays a deep knowledge of Bana-Mighdall history. Batman and Wonder Woman accept that they are a Bana, and it is confirmed when Grace successfully handles a bomb engineered so that only women with Bana DNA might control it. Diana and Grace end their joint mission describing each other as cousins.
Grace was briefly shown working alongside the Birds of Prey when they attempted to stop a group of villains from killing the Secret Six and taking Neron's "Get Out of Hell Free" card from them.
Pleased with their performance, Batman welcomes Grace as the final member of their Outsiders. Despite being angry that Thunder "washed out" during Batman's try-outs and has been excluded from the team, they accept. They then invites Thunder back onto the team without Batman's permission. Following the apparent death of Bruce Wayne, the Outsiders fall into a trap set by Simon Hurt, and most of the team members are severely injured. The group is disbanded shortly thereafter, and is replaced by a new team of Outsiders.
Some time later, Grace shows up in Wonder Woman #600 as a member of Wonder Woman's all-female team of heroes.
Many months after their departure from the Outsiders, Grace is shown in a live-in relationship with Anissa, with both women now in a state of semi-retirement following Anissa's recovery. When Black Lightning arrives at Grace and Anissa's apartment with their small band of fugitive heroes, Grace comes to their aid and helps fight off the attacking members of the Justice Society of America. In the ensuing battle, Grace renders Stargirl and Mister America unconscious, telling them not to threaten them "in-law". After the battle with the JSA, both Grace and Thunder agree to join up with Black Lightning's small team of Outsiders, who are tasked by Amanda Waller with travelling to Markovia and capturing Geo-Force and their rogue faction of the team. Following a massive battle in Markovia, both teams of Outsiders are disbanded by Batman, and the individual heroes return home.
Powers and abilities
Grace Choi possesses metahuman levels of strength, heightened durability and endurance, as well as regeneration and increased healing.
Other versions
Grace Choi is featured in the Smallville Season 11 digital comic based on the TV series.  They are a member of the Outsiders.
In other media
Television
Thunder can be seen texting Grace in the first Thunder and Lightning short on DC Nation Shorts.
Grace Choi appears in the Black Lightning TV series, portrayed by Chantal Thuy while their teenager form is portrayed by Stella Smith and their old man form is portrayed by Joseph Steven Yang. Grace met Anissa Pierce at a library, insisting they check out a favorite of hers, The Outsiders. They then promptly invited them to a cosplay party at the bar they worked at. At the party, the two danced together, before being interrupted by Anissa's then-girlfriend Chenoa. Trying to avoid a fight at their bar, Grace asked Chenoa to take their problems outside. Leaving the Ruby Red Lipstick Bar with Anissa, they were confronted by former patrons, angry at Grace and the bar. They knocked out Grace, but the whole group was quickly knocked out by Anissa. They soon woke up, with Anissa tending to a graze on their head. They reappear in the second season. It is revealed in the episode "Book of Secrets: Chapter Three: Pillar of Fire" that "Grace Choi" is an alias. Them real name is Shay Li Wylde, who was kidnapped and forced into prostitution at a young age before they were rescued by I.C.E. They disappeared and resurfaced in Freeland as Choi. Furthermore, they were seen taking pills whenever their eyes started changing color and spots start to appear, which were later revealed to treat schizophrenia. They led a normal life until Anissa saw their eyes change color, which led to Grace leaving and disappearing. In the episode "The Book of the Apocalypse: Chapter One: The Alpha", Thunder told Peter Gambi about their encounter with an old man who had glowing eyes and a half-eaten horse in their apartment. This caused Gambi to theorize that Grace is a shapeshifter. Jennifer comments to Anissa that Grace will resurface eventually. In the episode "The Book of Occupation: Chapter One: Birth of the Blackbird," Anissa and Gambi find security footage of Grace shapeshifting from a leopard. In "The Book of Occupation: Chapter Three: Agent Odell's Pipe-Dream", Grace reunites with Anissa where they reveal their shapeshifting abilities which they are working to control. Anissa accepts Grace's metahuman status as they rekindle their love relationship. In "The Book of Occupation: Chapter Four: Lynn's Ouroboros", Jefferson learns of Grace's abilities. In "The Book of Resistance: Chapter Two: Henderson's Opus,", Anissa has their father evacuate Grace with the other suspected metahumans. When an A.S.A. soldier follows Grace into a house, they are killed by their leopard form. Black Lightning catches up to them and Grace voices their knowledge of their identity due to the scents they maintain from their leopard form. In the season three finale, Grace and Thunder confront Gravedigger in the Pit. Gravedigger mind-controls Grace into attacking Thunder causing them to use their powers to knock Grace out. Following the Markovian invasion on Freeland, Lynn states that Grace is in a coma where they are unsure when she'll come out of it. They do state to Anissa that they should place them somewhere where they can get some full care. In "The Book of Reconstruction: Chapter Three: Despite All My Rage...", Grace woke up from their coma and they and Anissa got married. In "The Book of Reconstruction: Chapter Four: A Light in the Darkness", Grace creates a superhero form with their abilities that they call Wylde, where it sports catlike eyes and a mouth mask similar to the one used for Anissa's Blackbird alias.
Video games
Grace Choi appears in DC Universe Online.
References
External links
DCU Guide: Grace
Female characters in television
DC Comics Amazons
DC Comics characters with superhuman strength
DC Comics characters with accelerated healing
DC Comics female superheroes
DC Comics LGBT superheroes
Fictional bisexual females
Fictional LGBT characters in television
Comics characters introduced in 2003
Characters created by Judd Winick
DC Comics characters who are shapeshifters
Chinese superheroes
Deirdre K. Breakenridge (born 1966) is an American author and businessperson.  They are known for their writing on public relations and social media.
Education and career
Breakenridge grew up in New Jersey, and they attended Glassboro State College. After working in the public relations industry, they returned to the Fairleigh Dickinson University to get their MBA. Afterward, they continued working in public relations agencies before opening their own agency, Pure Performance Communications. They have also taught classes at several universities as an adjunct professor.
Work
Breakenridge's first book, Cyberbranding: Brand Building in the Digital Economy (2001), is about how companies can market their brand online. Them 2008 book, PR 2.0 New Media, New Tools, New Audiences, offers public relations groups a way to get involved online in new technologies.
In 2009, Breakenridge published Putting the Public Back in Public Relations with Brian Solis. The Journalism and Mass Communication Educator wrote that the book is useful and well-organized for both beginners and advanced individuals in public relations. The book also describes new trends in social media and how all PR individuals can use these techniques. Putting the Public Back in Public Relations also advises those in PR positions to take on leadership roles to promote the use of the new techniques described in the book.
Breakenridge has also worked on research, such as "Social Media Comes of Age: The Vocus 2011 Planning Survey," which they produced with Vocus in 2010.
Books
References
External links
Rowan University alumni
Living people
21st-century American women writers
1966 births
People from Englewood, New Jersey
American public relations people
21st-century American business persons
21st-century American businesspeople
Fairleigh Dickinson University alumni
Writers from New Jersey
Businesspeople from New Jersey
American women company founders
American company founders
American women chief executives
Johanna's sunbird (Cinnyris johannae) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is widely spread across the African tropical rainforest.
References
Johanna's sunbird
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
Johanna's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hugh Ferris (6 December 1877 – 17 July 1929) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a half-back.
They made 1 appearance for South Africa in 1903.
References
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
1877 births
1929 deaths
Rugby union players from County Down
Rugby union halfbacks
Sportspeople from Newry
Ireland international rugby union players
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in McDowell County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 17 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Most of these locations are the former company stores of coal companies.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in West Virginia
References
McDowell County
Harry Lawrence Newman (September 5, 1909 – May 2, 2000) was an All-Pro American football quarterback. They played for the University of Michigan Wolverines (1930–32), for whom in 1932 they were a unanimous first-team All-American, and the recipient of the Douglas Fairbanks Trophy as Outstanding College Player of the Year (predecessor of the Heisman Trophy), and the Helms Athletic Foundation Player of the Year Award, they were later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. They then played professionally for the New York Giants (1933–35), and the Brooklyn/Rochester Tigers (1936–37).
Early life
Newman was born in Detroit, Michigan, and was Jewish. They were a running back at Northern High School, where they also played center field on the baseball team, and then attended a camp where Benny Friedman was the counselor and taught them how to pass a football.
College career
Newman attended the University of Michigan, and played for the Wolverines in football in 1930–32.
In Newman's three years at Michigan, the Wolverines lost only one game, won three Big Ten Conference championship, and had a combined record of 24–1–2. As a senior in 1932, Newman led the team to an undefeated season and national championship, as they played 437 out of 480 minutes of game time in Michigan's eight games. In 1932, Newman was a unanimous first-team All-American, and the recipient of the Douglas Fairbanks Trophy as Outstanding College Player of the Year (predecessor of the Heisman Trophy), and the Helms Athletic Foundation Player of the Year Award, the Chicago Tribune Silver Football trophy as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference.
NFL New York Giants
1933 season
As a rookie with the New York Giants in 1933, Newman was an All-Pro and led the NFL in passes completed (53), passing yards (973), touchdown passes (11), and longest pass completion (78 yards). Newman's 973 passing yards stood as the NFL single-season record until 1937 when Arnie Herber threw for 1,239 yards. They also led the Giants, and was sixth in the NFL, with 437 yards rushing in 1933. With 1,547 yards of total offense (973 passing, 437 rushing and 137 receiving), Newman personally accounted for more than half of the Giants' total offense in 1933. They were named to the All-Pro team, and led the Giants to the 1933 NFL championship game.
In the 1933 NFL Championship Game against the Chicago Bears, Newman threw a 29-yard touchdown pass to Red Badgro to give the Giants a 7–6 halftime lead. Newman's touchdown throw to Badgro was the first touchdown pass thrown in an NFL championship game. After the Bears went ahead 16–14 in the third quarter, Newman threw a second touchdown pass in the fourth quarter to give the Giants the lead, but the Bears scored the winning touchdown with less than one minute left to win the championship game, 23–21.
1934 season
In 1934, Newman was the Giant's leading rusher and passer, and was an All-Pro for the second consecutive season. The Giants went on to win their first NFL championship in 1934, but Newman's season was cut short after they broke two bones in their back during the tenth game of the season against the Chicago Bears. Newman complained after the 1934 season that the new football adopted by the NFL in 1934 was "harder to pass" than the old one which had greater girth. They set the NFL single-game carries record of 38 which was tied in 1966 by Jim Nance and broken in 1973 by O. J. Simpson.
1935 season
In early September 1935, there were reports that Newman might not return to the Giants' backfield, because they did not want to leave their Detroit liquor business. Newman announced they were quitting professional football and did not play the first few weeks of the season. Then, on October 15, 1935, Newman announced that they had changed their mind and signed a contract to play with the Giants beginning the following Saturday. After their return, Newman wrote: "Football still is fun. If it weren't it wouldn't be worth while, regardless of how much they paid you for it. Believe me, I've missed it the few weeks I was out and I was mighty glad to get back into action." Newman played in eight games (four as a starter) for a Giants team that once again advanced to the NFL Championship Game, losing to the Detroit Lions, 26–7. With the clock ticking off the final seconds of the championship game, Newman threw an interception that was run back 36 yards and resulted in a final score by the Lions.
In November 1935, Newman wrote a guest column for the New York Post on the difference between the college and professional game. Newman wrote: "Among the Giants we kid a lot about how we feel Monday morning. Sometimes it's not too good. That's when the aches and pains begin to creep up on you. Boys, how you hate to get out of bed! The only difference between pro and amateur in that respect is that you ache all over a day later in pro football."
After the 1935 season, Newman credited their disappointing performance in 1935 to skating: "Skating is the best thing I know of to develop hip-swinging, judgment of distance, suppleness, dexterity, pivot and angle terms. I was off form in 1935 and the main reason was because I did no skating last winter. I did a lot in 1932–33 and followed it up with a great season on the gridiron."
In 1936, Giants's president John V. Mara said that the club had paid Newman $10,000 in 1935. Mara said that the owners had found out that it did not work out to pay one star $800 a game while the rest of the team was paid $100 per game, and the resentment sometimes showed. The owners reacted by trying to evenly distribute money over the squad, such that Mara believed that the highest paid player in 1936 was paid only $500 per game.
American Professional Football League
Brooklyn Tigers (1936)
In 1936, Newman jumped to the new American Football League and signed with the Brooklyn Tigers. Newman reportedly made the move "because they got a contract calling for a big increase in salary." Newman was one of the first established stars to switch to the new league, and sports writer Harry Grayson reported on Newman's move: "Harry Newman, the former Michigan quarterback who has been the highest paid pro athlete of the last three campaigns, has left the Giants flat to perform with and be the business manager of the American League entry which plans to stage its games at the Yankee Stadium."
Even before the new league got started, it was reported to be tottering on the brink and a "big flop." As one report noted: "That in spite of the fact such outstanding players as Ken Strong,Harry Newman and Gomer Jones are slated to compete for the new clubs."
On October 19, 1936, Newman scored the Tigers' only touchdown in a loss to Pittsburgh at Forbes Field.
On November 1, 1936, Newman made a "sensational 45-yard run" that "brought the crowd to its feet" just before the first quarter ended. Newman also kicked a field goal to give the Tigers a 3–0 lead over the New York Yankees, but the Yankees tied it with a field goal. Later in the game, Newman ran 75 yards for what appeared to be the winning touchdown, but the play was called back on a clipping penalty. In response to the penalty call, the crowd at Yankee Stadium "booed lustily."
On November 8, 1936, Newman lateraled for both of Brooklyn's touchdowns and kicked both extra points in a 15–14 loss to the Cleveland Rams.
Rochester Tigers (1936–37)
In mid-November 1936, the Tigers franchise moved to Rochester, New York, where they played the final two games of the 1936 season. In announcing the move, one report focused on Newman as one of the best players in the new league: "Headlining the Rochester cast is Harry Newman, football's greatest passer . . . Newman is the leading ground gainer in the American League, despite the fact that they are with a second division club."
The Rochester Tigers lost to the Rams again in late November by a score of 7–6 on "a snow-swept gridiron." Newman put the Tigers ahead with two 35-yard field goals in the fourth quarter, but the Rams recovered a fumble behind the Tigers' goal line to win the game.
The Brooklyn/Rochester Tigers finished the 1936 season in last place in the new league with a record of 0–6–1, and were outscored 82–58.
Newman closed the season on December 20, 1936 playing for the New York Yankees against the Boston Shamrocks. This was an exhibition game, as the league's regular season had ended in November. The Yankees won, 25–19, and Newman "booted a perfect kick from placement on the 30-yard line."
Newman and Mike Palm owned the Tigers franchise and moved it to Rochester for two games at the end of 1936. However, in March 1937, Newman and Palm said they expected to move the franchise out of Rochester unless a minimum of $25,000 in cash subscriptions could be raised.
On September 14, 1937, a group of 30 men announced the formation of the Rochester Professional Football Team, Inc. to continue operation of the Rochester Tigers. Newman and Mike Palm were named as the coaches. Newman drew a salary of $250 per game for Rochester in 1937, higher than the professional average of $100, but less than the $425 paid to Sammy Baugh. The Tigers opened with a 16–0 loss to the Boston Shamrocks, followed by a 17–14 win over the Cincinnati Red Legs. They followed with a 6–0 win over the Boston Shamrocks, as Newman kicked a field goal in the win. On October 24, 1937, Newman and Bill O'Neill led the Tigers to a 24–0 victory over the New York Yankees, as the Tigers moved into second place with a 3–2 record behind the Los Angeles Bulldogs. In the season's sixth game, Newman led the Tigers to a victory over the Cincinnati Bengals, throwing three passes to account for a touchdown and then kicking the extra point in the final minute and a half. Newman and former Pitt halfback Mike Sebastian were the mainstays of the 1937 Tigers.
On November 14, 1937, the Tigers played the first place Los Angeles Bulldogs. The Bulldogs took a 35–0 lead before Newman launched a comeback attempt. Newman ran 25 yards for a touchdown and threw two touchdown passes, but the Bulldogs won, 48–21.
After the 1937, season the American Professional Football League folded, and Newman retired from football.
Later years
Newman later became an executive with Ford Motor Company and owned Ford dealerships in Detroit and Denver. They later lived in Palm Aire in Pompano Beach, Florida, and ultimately in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they died in May 2000 at the age of 90.
Honors and accolades
Newman received numerous honors and accolades, including the following:
Recipient of the Chicago Tribune Silver Football as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference in 1932.
Unanimous choice as an All-American in 1932.
Douglas Fairbanks Trophy as Outstanding College Player of the Year (predecessor of the Heisman Trophy), Douglas Fairbanks Trophy, 1932.
Helms Athletic Foundation Player of the Year Award, 1932 and 1933.
Inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1975.
Inducted into the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in 1983.
Inducted into the Michigan Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.
Inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1992.
Selected in 2005 as one of the 100 greatest Michigan football players of all time by the "Motown Sports Revival," ranking 12th on the all-time team.
See also
List of Michigan Wolverines football All-Americans
History of the New York Giants (1925–1978)
University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor
List of select Jewish football players
Notes
External links
Bentley Library profile
International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame
1909 births
2000 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Michigan Wolverines football players
New York Giants players
Rochester Tigers players
All-American college football players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Northern High School (Detroit, Michigan) alumni
Players of American football from Detroit
Jewish American sportspeople
20th-century American Jews
A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on 23 March 2016, the first of three lunar eclipses in 2016. The Moon was just 2.1 days before apogee, making it very small, so this was a "Micromoon" penumbral lunar eclipse.
Visibility
It was visible from east Asia, Australia, and most of North America.
Related eclipses
Eclipses of 2016
A total solar eclipse on 9 March.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 23 March.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 18 August.
An annular solar eclipse on 1 September.
A penumbral lunar eclipse on 16 September.
This eclipse is the one of four lunar eclipses in a short-lived series at the ascending node of the moon's orbit.
The lunar year series repeats after 12 lunations or 354 days (Shifting back about 10 days in sequential years). Because of the date shift, the Earth's shadow will be about 11 degrees west in sequential events.
Half-Saros cycle
A lunar eclipse will be preceded and followed by solar eclipses by 9 years and 5.5 days (a half saros). This lunar eclipse is related to two partial solar eclipses of Solar Saros 149.
See also
August 2016 lunar eclipse, the second 2016 lunar eclipse (penumbral)
September 2016 lunar eclipse, the third 2016 lunar eclipse (penumbral)
List of lunar eclipses and List of 21st-century lunar eclipses
References
External links
Hermit eclipse: 23 Mar 2016 - Penumbral Lunar Eclipse
2016-03
2016 in science
March 2016 events
Czesław Wołłejko (17 March 1916 – 7 February 1987) was a Polish actor. They appeared in more than twenty films from 1952 to 1984.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1916 births
1987 deaths
Polish male film actors
Recipients of the State Award Badge (Poland)
Conțești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Conțești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Terrace Ridge () is a mostly ice-free ridge, or spur, descending northwest from the summit area at the south end of Mount Schopf in the Ohio Range, Horlick Mountains, Antarctica. Resistant sandstone strata predominate in the lower half of the slope of the ridge, forming a series of partly ice-covered terraces separated by scarps. The descriptive name was suggested by geologists of the Ohio State University expedition who worked in these mountains in the 1960-61 and 1961-62 seasons.
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Pierluigi Castellano (born 1958, in Rome) is an Italian musician, composer and journalist.
Biography
Castellano began their career by studying piano, clarinet, composition and electronic music, attending seminars held by Karlheinz Stockhausen and Aldo Clementi.
In 1983 and 1984 took part in the work of Giovanna Marini, Le Cadeau de l'Empereur held, among others, at the Festival d'Avignon, the Théâtre des Bouffes du Nord in Paris and the Teatre Grec in Barcelona.
Between 1985 and 1990 they composed several soundtracks for theater, movies (A futura memoria: Pier Paolo Pasolini, by Ivo Barnabò Micheli), but particularly for dance shows (choreography by Enzo Cosimi, Fabrizio Monteverde and others) with good critical and commercial feedbacks in France, England and the United States.
They also composed Electronic Music for the ENEL and Infobyte project for the Seville Expo '92. For Rai Radio Tre Castellano composed two Operas: Viaggio nel Cyberspazio (1993) and Zonacalda (1995). They took part in the European research project HELP working on the musical translation of visual art.
As journalist Castellano wrote for Il Manifesto and works for the Italian national television RAI.
Discography
La Boule De Neige (General Music)– GM 30719 (1985)
Danze (Mantra Records) – DM 86002 (1987)
Noi, My, Us (Mantra Records) – DMCD90017 (1990)
Sevilla X (As) – AS 001 (1992)
Computer Dreams (Orlando Record) (1999)
Danze (remastered, Orlando Records) (2000)
La Boule De Neige (remastered, Orlando Records) (2000)
Zonacalda (Ants) – ANT06 (2002)
2002 (Orlando Records) (2002)
Open Space (Rai Trade) RTCD 290 (2008)
PARADISE LOST VOL.1 (2017)
PARADISE LOST VOL.2 (2017)
PARADISE LOST VOL.3 (2017)
Collaborative albums
Alvin Curran: Canti Illuminati - Fore (1982)
Giovanna Marini: Le Cadeau de l'Empereur – Le Chant du Monde - LDX 74836/7 (1984)
O.A.S.I.: Il Cavaliere Azzurro - Ira (1986)
Aut. Vari: (Harold Budd, Roedelius ecc.): The Greetings Piano (Live) - Materiali Sonori – MASO CD 90034 (1993)
Aut. Vari: Desert Rain – Desert Rain (1994)
Quartetto Borciani: Razzmatazz - Felmay (1997)
Piero Milesi: Within Himself – Cuneiform Records (2000)
Aut. Vari: Frank You Thank Vol.2 (Tributo A Frank Zappa) – Il Manifesto- PdB 2002-013-2 (2003)
Aut. Vari: Tribù italiche: Lazio EDT WM049 (2007)
Aut. Vari: Il cielo Diapason DRCD-82 (2011)
Bibliography
Books by Pierluigi Castellano
Pierluigi Castellano, Le sorgenti del suono, , DeriveApprodi (2004)
References
External links
Pierluigi Castellano Official at Flickr
Living people
Italian composers
Italian male composers
1958 births
Bonnie Anne Perry (born April 15, 1962) is a bishop in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. They were elected the Diocese of Michigan's eleventh diocesan bishop on June 1, 2019, which made them the first woman and first openly lesbian priest elected as an Episcopal bishop in Michigan.
Early life
Perry was born to parent Ray and Mary Jane Perry in San Diego, California as the oldest of four children in a military family. Raised in a devout Roman Catholic family, Perry attended the College of the Holy Cross, but after feeling that they had a call to the priesthood, converted to the Episcopal faith which unlike the Roman Catholic Church allows women clergy. They then attended Union Theological Seminary, where they met their future spouse Susan Harlow.
Education
Perry was awarded a Bachelor of Arts in Biology in 1984 from College of the Holy Cross, Worcester, Massachusetts. In 1988 they earned a Master of Divinity degree from Union Theological Seminary in New York, NY. In 1998 they earned a Doctorate of Ministry specializing in Congregational Development from Seabury-Western Theological Seminary, Evanston, IL.
Ministry
Perry was ordained a deacon on June 2, 1990, then as a priest on December 15, 1990 in the Diocese of Newark by Bishop John Shelby Spong. They served as Associate Rector for Christ Church in Ridgewood NJ from 1989-1991, then Interim Rector for St. Peter's Episcopal Church, Clifton NJ from September 1991 to October 1992. They served as Congregational Development Vicar for All Saints Episcopal Church, Chicago from 1992-2000, then as their rector from 2000-2019.
They were a candidate for Bishop of Minnesota in 2009.
Bishop of Michigan
In 2019, Perry was elected the Diocese of Michigan's eleventh diocesan bishop. They were consecrated on February 8, 2020 by Michael Curry.
See also
List of Episcopal bishops of the United States
Historical list of the Episcopal bishops of the United States
References
External links
Web site of the Episcopal Church
Web site of the Diocese of Michigan
Clergy from Detroit
People from Chicago
Episcopal bishops of Michigan
Living people
American Episcopalians
Converts to Anglicanism from Roman Catholicism
1962 births
LGBT Anglican bishops
Women Anglican bishops
College of the Holy Cross alumni
Union Theological Seminary (New York City) alumni
21st-century LGBT people
Carenum eximium is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
eximium
Beetles described in 1916
Christian Poulsen (Rind, 16 August 1912 – 19 April 1981) was a Danish chess master.
Poulsen worked on a farm in Denmark from the age of seven with their brothers, and never attended any kind of formal schooling. At a young age, they helped with efforts to make the usually infertile land of Jutland suitable for farming. They married a Swedish woman with the last name of Hallgren, and had a son with her, who took the name of Øjvin Hallgren.
They won twice in Danish Chess Championship (1945, 1952), and thrice shared 1st but lost playoff matches for the title in 1939, 1940, and 1951.
Poulsen represented Denmark in 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936, and five times in official Chess Olympiads (1937, 1939, 1950, 1952, 1956). They also played in several friendly matches; Scandinavia vs. Germany (Bremen 1938), Denmark vs. Norway (Oslo 1947, Oslo 1952), and Denmark vs. Sweden (Saltsjöbaden 1948, Copenhagen 1949).
They tied for 5-6th at Beverwijk 1951 (the Hoogovens tournament, Herman Pilnik won), and tied for 4-5th at Viborg Jubilee 1957 (Ludwig Rellstab won).
References
1912 births
1981 deaths
Danish chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Oshawa Assembly (also known simply as GM Oshawa) is a manufacturing facility in the city of Oshawa, Ontario, Canada, that built various automobiles for General Motors Canada. Vehicles were primarily produced for the US, Canadian, and Mexican markets, but they also built exports for various countries around the world, particularly South America and the Middle East. Historically the Oshawa plant was the source of all right-hand-drive market GM exports with complete vehicles or knock-down kits shipped to Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United Kingdom until the end of the 1960s. At one time, the factory was one of the largest auto manufacturing facilities in the world, with two car assembly plants, a truck assembly plant, as well as parts production including Harrison radiators, AC Delco batteries (for both GM and other vehicle manufacturers) and American Axle. Between 1999 and 2019, it had won more quality and productivity awards than any other GM plant. The plant is part of the larger GM Autoplex.
The facility has over 10 million square feet (930,000 m²) of vacant factory floor. It was converted to a state of the art flexible manufacturing facility in 2008, which involved the consolidation of two car plants under the same roof and the addition of a $1.3B paint shop which can accommodate 27 different body styles, including cars, pickup trucks and vans. Approximately 3,600 hourly and 400 salaried employees were working at the plant, with many more engineers working at GM's Regional Engineering Centre across the road. The hourly-rated workers were represented by their union, Unifor Local 222. In August 2017, it was rated highly by its employees in The Best Places to Work in Canada rankings by Indeed, garnering 4th spot overall, and 1st for wages and benefits.
On November 26, 2018, GM announced that production of new cars at Oshawa would wind down in 2019 and cease by the end of the year. The closure would affect 2,500 union workers and 300 management. On May 8, 2019 GM announced they would be spending $170 million (CAD) to transition the plant from vehicle assembly to the production of body stampings and other subassemblies, and would convert 22 hectares (220,000 m²) of the facility to a test track for the development of autonomous vehicles.
History
The facility had produced vehicles since 1907. It was one of six locations building Chevrolet Motor Company automobiles before it was acquired by General Motors in 1918. In January 1918, Oshawa became the first Canadian GM plant to minimize the issue of large scale layoffs by cutting the second shift and alternating day- and night-shift workers at two-week intervals. This system was later adopted at other plants around the continent.
From its beginnings, the Oshawa plant supplied right-hand-drive vehicles to international markets in kit form for local assembly, or as completed vehicles until the late 1960s. International markets saw U.S and Canadian-only GM vehicles such as the Bel Air, Pontiac Parisienne, Pontiac Laurentian, and Chevrolet Impala.
In the mid-1980s, GM began a large transformation of the facility, naming the site "Autoplex." The changeover came in three steps, the first being conversion of the truck plant to GMT400 production in 1986. The next step was retooling Line 2 for the new W-body Regal, which began production in mid-1987. The final instalment was a long changeover of Line 1 for the Chevrolet Lumina, which went into production on January 8, 1989 as a 1990 model.
The Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Pontiac Grand Prix were discontinued in June and November 2007 respectively. The Buick LaCrosse was discontinued from Oshawa #2 in 2008 and moved to Fairfax Assembly for 2009. In the fourth quarter of that year, it began producing the new Chevrolet Camaro. Both the Buick Regal and the Camaro Convertible launched on the Flex Line in the first quarter of 2011. The plant began the production of high performance 2012 Camaro ZL1 and the 2012 Buick Regal GS in 2012 and will build the 2013 Cadillac XTS in the first quarter of 2012.
In August 2010, the plant began assembling the Chevrolet Equinox in partnership with another GM facility in Ingersoll, Ontario, known as CAMI Automotive. The metal bodies are made at CAMI, trucked two hours east to Oshawa, where they are inserted on the conveyor just before the paint shop. The bodies are painted and then go through the general assembly process at the Oshawa plant. The entire process was developed as a quick way to respond to high demand for the Equinox product. The CAMI facility does make Equinox and GMC Terrain from start to finish at their own plant, but they did not have the capacity to put more bodies through paint and general assembly.
In mid 2018, it was announced that the previous generation of the Chevrolet Silverado 1500 and the GMC Sierra 1500 would be sold alongside their successors for the 2019 model year, as the Chevrolet Silverado 1500 LD and the GMC Sierra 1500 Limited. Final assembly of these trucks, which would only be sold in Double Cab, Standard Bed form, would occur at Oshawa Car Assembly. This marks the first time since 2009 that Oshawa Assembly (Oshawa Truck Assembly), which also assembled the Chevrolet Silverado 1500 and the GMC Sierra 1500 in Extended Cab form, would assemble trucks. Later that summer, GM also began final assembly of Chevrolet Silverado HD and GMC Sierra HD Double Cab models.
On November 26, 2018, General Motors announced the closure of the Oshawa car assembly plant complex ending 111 years of auto manufacturing in Oshawa. The final vehicle, a white GMC Sierra pickup truck, rolled off the assembly line on December 18, 2019.
On November 4, 2020, GM announced “Subject to ratification of the 2020 agreement with Unifor, General Motors plans to bring pickup production back to the Oshawa Assembly Plant. Construction will begin immediately at Oshawa Assembly and will include a new body shop and flexible assembly module, to support a fast response to strong customer demand for GM's new family of pickup trucks.” Oshawa pickup production started on November 10, 2021 when the first Canadian-made Silverado was completed.
Awards
The plant won the J.D. Power Gold Award for initial quality in 2002, 2003, 2005, and 2006; as well a numerous other individual awards for the specific models it produces. In 2007, the plant won silver for initial quality, and a Gold Best in Segment award for the Pontiac Grand Prix, and Bronze Best in Segment for the Monte Carlo. In all, the plant has won 19 J.D. Power awards for quality since 1999. In recognition of that achievement, J.D. Power awarded the Founder's Award to the Car Plant in the summer of 2008; it is an award that has been presented only six times in the lengthy history of J.D. Power & Associates. Harbour Consulting rated Oshawa #1 (building the Impala and Monte Carlo) as the second most efficient in North America, the top-rated in the study was Oshawa #2 (building the LaCrosse and Grand Prix).
Vehicles produced
Current models
As of September 2022:
Chevrolet Silverado 1500 (2022–present)
Chevrolet Silverado HD (2022–present)
Former models
Some of the former models produced at the plant. GM would move production to and from other factories, such as relocating production of their lower selling vehicles to smaller facilities across North America. The Oshawa facility frequently produced the vehicles in the highest demand in North America.
Chevrolet Silverado 1500 LD (2019)
GMC Sierra 1500 Limited (2019)
Chevrolet Impala Limited (2014-2016)
Cadillac XTS (2013-2019)
Chevrolet Equinox (2010–2017)
Chevrolet Camaro (2010–2015)
Buick LaCrosse/Allure (2005–2009)
Pontiac Grand Prix (2004–2008)
Buick Century (1997–2005)
Chevrolet Monte Carlo (1995–2007)
Chevrolet Lumina (1990–2001)
Buick Regal (1988–2004, 2011-2017)
Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera (1985–1988)
Chevrolet Celebrity (1982–1987)
Pontiac 6000 (1982–1988)
Chevrolet Bel Air (1976–1981)
Chevrolet Caprice Classic (1971–1990)
Chevrolet Brookwood/Kingswood/Kingswood Estate/Townsman (1969–1972)
Beaumont 1966-1969
Chevrolet Impala (1965–1985, 2000–2019)
Acadian Beaumont (1964–1965)
Chevrolet Chevelle Malibu SS Convertible (1964–1965)
Pontiac Parisienne (1958–1986)
Pontiac Laurentian (1958–1981)
Chevrolet Biscayne (1958–1975)
Pontiac Strato Chief (1958–1969)
Chevrolet 150 (1954–1957)
McLaughlin Chevrolets from 1916
McLaughlin Buicks (1907–1918)
Gallery
See also
Oshawa Truck Assembly - originally located in the North Plant, later moved on the same site next to Oshawa Car Assembly and closed in 2009.
General Motors Canada
Final Offer - documentary film about the 1984 UAW/CAW contract negotiations shows working life on the floor of the Oshawa Plant (Watch Online)
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Oshawa
General Motors factories
Motor vehicle assembly plants in Canada
1907 establishments in Ontario
Raymond Jones (24 September 1903 – 1978) was an Australian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 they were eliminated in the first round of the middleweight class after losing their fight to Ben Funk of the US.
References
External links
profile
1903 births
1978 deaths
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Australia
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Australian male boxers
Pausanias (/pɔːˈseɪniəs/; ; c. 110 – c. 180) was a Greek traveler and geographer of the second century AD.  They are famous for their Description of Greece (, ), a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from their firsthand observations. Description of Greece provides crucial information for making links between classical literature and modern archaeology.
Biography
Not much is known about Pausanias apart from what historians can piece together from their own writing. However, it is mostly certain that they were born c. 110 AD into a Greek family and was probably a native of Lydia in Asia Minor. From c. 150 until their death in 180, Pausanias travelled through the mainland of Greece, writing about various monuments, sacred spaces, and significant geographical sites along the way. In writing Description of Greece, Pausanias sought to put together a lasting written account of "all things Greek", or panta ta hellenika.
Living in the Roman Empire
Being born in Asia Minor, Pausanias was of Greek heritage. However, they grew up and lived under the rule of the Roman Empire. Although Pausanias was a subordinate of the Roman Empire, they nonetheless valued their Greek identity, history, and culture: they were keen to describe the glories of a Greek past that still was relevant in their lifetime, even if the country was beholden to Rome as a dominating imperial force. Pausanias's pilgrimage through the land of their ancestors was their own attempt to establish a place in the world for this new Roman Greece, connecting myths and stories of ancient culture to those of their own time.
Writing style
Pausanias has a noticeably straightforward and simple way of writing. They are, overall, direct in their language, writing their stories and descriptions in an unelaborate style. However, some translators have noted that Pausanias's use of various prepositions and tenses are confusing and difficult to render in English. For example, Pausanias may use a past tense verb rather than the present tense in some instances. It is thought that they did this in order to make themselves seem to be in the same temporal setting as theirs audience.
Additionally, unlike in a traditional travel guide, in Description of Greece, Pausanias tends to digress to discuss a point of an ancient ritual or to tell a myth that goes along with the site they are visiting. This style of writing would not become popular again until the early nineteenth century. In the topographical aspect of their work, Pausanias makes many digressions on the wonders of nature, the signs that herald the approach of an earthquake, the phenomena of the tides, the ice-bound seas of the north, and the noonday sun that at the summer solstice casts no shadow at Syene (Aswan). While they never doubts the existence of the deities and heroes, they sometimes criticize the myths and legends relating to them. Their descriptions of monuments of art are plain and unadorned, bearing a solid impression of reality.
Pausanias is also frank in their confessions of ignorance. When they quote a book at second hand rather than relating their own experiences, they are honest about their sourcing.
Description of Greece (Hellados Periegesis)
Pausanias' Description of Greece comprises ten books, each dedicated to some portion of Greece. They begin their tour in Attica (Ἀττικά), where the city of Athens and its demes dominate the discussion. Subsequent books describe Corinthia (Κορινθιακά), Laconia (Λακωνικά), Messenia (Μεσσηνιακά), Elis (Ἠλιακῶν), Achaea (Ἀχαικά), Arcadia (Ἀρκαδικά), Boeotia (Βοιωτικά), Phocis (Φωκικά), and Ozolian Locris (Λοκρῶν Ὀζόλων). The project is more than topographical: it is a cultural geography of Greece. Pausanias does not only describe architectural and artistic objects, but also reviews the mythological and historical underpinnings of the society that produced them.
Although Pausanias was not a naturalist by trade, they do tend to comment on the physical aspects of the Greek landscape. They notice the pine trees on the sandy coast of Elis, the deer and the wild boars in the oak woods of Phelloe, and the crows amid the giant oak trees of Alalcomenae. Towards the end of Description of Greece, Pausanias touches on the products and fruits of nature, such as the wild strawberries of Helicon, the date palms of Aulis, the olive oil of Tithorea, as well as the tortoises of Arcadia and the "white blackbirds" of Cyllene.
Additionally, Pausanias was motivated by their interest in religion: in fact, their Description of Greece has been regarded as a "journey into identity", referring to that of their Greek heritage and beliefs. Pausanias describes the religious art and architecture of many famous sacred sites such as Olympia and Delphi. However, even in the most remote regions of Greece, they are fascinated by all kinds of depictions of deities, holy relics, and many other sacred and mysterious objects. For example, at Thebes, they view the shields of those who died at the Battle of Leuctra, the ruins of the house of Pindar, and the statues of Hesiod, Arion, Thamyris, and Orpheus in the grove of the Muses on Helicon, as well as the portraits of Corinna at Tanagra and of Polybius in the cities of Arcadia.
Pausanias was mostly interested in relics of antiquity, rather than contemporary architecture or sacred spaces. As Christian Habicht, a contemporary classicist who wrote a multitude of scholarly articles on Pausanias, says:
In general, they prefer the old to the new, the sacred to the profane; there is much more about classical than about contemporary Greek art, more about temples, altars and images of the gods, than about public buildings and statues of politicians.
The end of Description of Greece remains mysterious: some believe that Pausanias died before finishing their work, and others believe their strange ending was intentional. They conclude their Periegesis with a story about a Greek author, thought to be Anyte of Tegea, who has a divine dream. In the dream, they are told to present the text of Description of Greece to a wider Greek audience in order to open their eyes to "all things Greek".
Different translations
Pausanias's Description of Greece has been translated into English by several scholars over time. A widely known version of the text was translated by William Henry Samuel Jones and is available through the Loeb Classical Library. The Loeb Classical Library offers translations of Greek and Latin texts in a manner that is accessible to those who have knowledge of the languages and even those who do not. Translations are provided in English. The W. H. S. Jones's translation of Description of Greece comes in five volumes with the ancient Greek text included. It also includes an introduction that summarizes the contents of each book. Additionally, Description of Greece was translated by Peter Levi. This translation is also popular among English speakers, but is often thought to be a loose translation of the original text: Levi took liberties with their translation that restructured Description of Greece to function like a general guidebook to mainland Greece, which was not Pausanias' original intention. Sir James George Frazer also published six volumes of translation and commentary of Description of Greece; their translation remains a credible work of scholarship to readers of Pausanias today.
Lost in history
Description of Greece left very faint traces in the known Greek corpus. "It was not read," Habicht relates, "there is not a single mention of the author, not a single quotation from it, not a whisper before Stephanus Byzantius in the sixth century, and only two or three references to it throughout the Middle Ages." The only surviving manuscripts of Pausanias are three fifteenth-century copies, full of errors and lacunae, which all appear to depend on a single manuscript that managed to be copied. Niccolò Niccoli, a collector of manuscripts from antiquity, had this archetype in Florence around 1418. After their death in 1437, it was sent to the library of San Marco, Florence, ultimately disappearing after 1500.
Modern views of Pausanias
Until twentieth-century archaeologists concluded that Pausanias was a reliable guide to the sites which they were excavating, classicists largely dismissed Pausanias as of a purely literary bent: following their usually authoritative contemporary Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff, they tended to regard them as little more than a purveyor of second-hand accounts, and they believed that Pausanias had not visited most of the places that they described. Modern archaeological research, however, has tended to vindicate Pausanias.
Additionally, a multitude of scholars have sought to discover the truth about Pausanias and their Description of Greece. Many books, commentaries, and scholarly articles have been written on this ancient figure, and Pausanias's recorded travels still serve as a tool to understanding the relationship between archaeology, mythology, and history.
Bibliography
Howard, Michael C. (2012). Transnationalism in Ancient and Medieval Societies: The Role of Cross-Border Trade and Travel. McFarland. p. 178.
Hutton, William. Describing Greece: Landscape and Literature in the Periegesis of Pausanias. Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press, 2008.
Further reading
Akujärvi, J. 2005. Researcher, Traveller, Narrator: Studies in Pausanias' Periegesis. Studia graeca et Latina lundensia 12. Stockholm: Almqvist & Wiksell.
Arafat, K. 1996. Pausanias' Greece: Ancient Artists and Roman Rulers. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge Univ. Press.
Hutton, W. E. 2005. Describing Greece: Landscape and Literature in the Periegesis of Pausanias. Greek Culture in the Roman World. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge Univ. Press.
Pirenne-Delforge, V. 2008. Retour à la Source: Pausanias et la Religion Grecque. Kernos Supplément 20. Liège, Belgium: Centre International d‘Étude de la Religion Grecque.
Pretzler, M. 2007. Pausanias: Travel Writing in Ancient Greece. Classical Literature and Society. London: Duckworth.
References
External links
Description of Greece, tr. W.H.S. Jones and H.A. Ormerod (1918)
Description of Greece, Jones translation at Theoi Project
Bibliography (in French)
"The Oldest Guide-Book in the World", Charles Whibley in Macmillan's Magazine, Vol. LXXVII, Nov. 1897 to Apr. 1898, pp. 415–421.
Andrew Stewart, One Hundred Greek Sculptors, Their Careers and Extant Works
G. Hawes, Rationalizing myth in antiquity. Oxford: OUP, 2013 contains much discussion of Pausanias' sceptical approaches to myth.
Description of Greece at Perseus Digital Library, (Jones trans. 1918)
New translation by Gregory Nagy of Harvard University's Center for Hellenic Studies (incomplete).
Pausanias Description of Greece, tr. with a commentary by J.G. Frazer (1898) Volume 1 (also at the Internet Archive)
Pausanias at the Perseus Project: Greek; English (Jones trans. 1918)
Ancient Greek geographers
Ancient Greek travel writers
Roman-era geographers
2nd-century writers
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
2nd-century geographers
The Samsung Galaxy Ace (also known as Samsung Galaxy Cooper in some territories) is a smartphone manufactured by Samsung that runs the open source Android operating system. Announced and released by Samsung in February 2011, the Galaxy Ace features an 800 MHz Qualcomm MSM7227 processor with the Adreno 200 GPU. It is available in black, with back covers in three different colors: black, purple and white.
In January 2012, Samsung announced its successor, the Galaxy Ace Plus, and have since released as successor models the Galaxy Ace 2 in May 2012, the Galaxy Ace 3 in July 2013, and the Galaxy Ace 4 in August 2014.
The Galaxy Ace is a 3G smartphone, offering quad-band GSM and announced with two-band HSDPA (900/2100) at 7.2 Mbit/s. The display is a 3.5-inch TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen with its protection by a Gorilla Glass and has HVGA (320x480) resolution. There is also a 5-megapixel camera with LED flash, capable of recording videos at QVGA (320x240) resolution and VGA (640x480) resolution with the Gingerbread update, and a 1350 mAh Li-Ion battery.
Android firmware for S5830i can be flashed on S5839i (or vice versa) because they use the same hardware, but not S5830, as it does not.
Camera
The Samsung Galaxy Ace has a 5-megapixel auto-focus camera with a resolution of 2560 x 1920 pixels. It has a LED flash along with the camera for low-light scenes. It also has faced and smile detection and geotagging, but does not have a shutter key. The contrast and brightness can be adjusted through on screen menu. It is also capable of up to 2x camera zoom.
Video recording
Gaming
Having an Adreno 200 GPU, and a lower processor with a lower screen resolution, the Galaxy Ace cannot run high-definition games; however, third-party developers can port some games to work on the Galaxy Ace. As in the GT-S5830i model, the device uses VideoCore IV which may introduce some improved characteristics but has major issues with games since neither Broadcom nor Samsung shares the source code; 3D games that work in original model might have incompatibilities with GT-S5830i. Games and Applications that are ported for the ARM6 do work on this phone.
Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus
The Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus (GT-S7500[L/T/W]) is a later generation of the Samsung Galaxy Ace (GT-S5830), which was released in 2011. It features an 800 MHz single core processor and it also includes the upgraded GUI and TouchWiz 4.0 interface.
See also
Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus
Samsung Galaxy Ace 2
Samsung Galaxy Ace 3
Samsung Galaxy Ace 4
References
External links
I5800
I5800
Smartphones
Android (operating system) devices
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Louis Vivin (born 28 July 1861, Hadol, France; died 28 May 1936 in Paris) was a French primitivist painter.
Biography
Vivin was born in Hadol, France. They showed great enthusiasm for painting as a child, but their career took them in a completely different direction: they worked as a postal clerk until 1922, pursuing their art only in their spare time. Once they retired in 1923, Vivin finally took up the full-time part of being an artist. They moved to Paris in 1889 where they lived with their wife in the district of Montparnasse.
They were a self-taught and a representative of naïve painting. Eventually, they were discovered by the German art critic Wilhelm Uhde (1874–1947), an association which helped them start exhibiting and build a reputation as a serious artist.
Works
The subjects of Vivin's paintings were still life, hunting subjects, and the city of Paris. Vivin was a contemporary of Henri Rousseau, Camille Bombois, André Bauchant, and Séraphine Louis, known collectively as the "Sacred Heart Painters" and as masters of French naïve painting. Vivin's works are known to have a sad and dismal theme to them. They were also known for painting from their memory. Louis Vivin was influenced by the work and details of Jean-Louis-Ernest Meissonier's paintings. Their works depicted genre scenes, flower pieces, hunting scenes and views of Paris, "notable for their charmingly wobbly perspective effects".
Louis Vivin's first one-man exhibition was placed at the Galerie des Quatre Chemins, and it was organized by Wilhelm Uhde in 1927. Their later work was considered to become less dependent of the melancholy mood, and it focused more on blocks of color and form.
Lists of their selected artworks
Southampton City Art Gallery
Venice: Canal Scene with a Church
La main chaude
Les Invalides
Venice: Canal Scene with a Bridge
Auction Christie's
La place des Halles et l'eglise Saint-eustache, Paris, 1935
Sacre coeur
Vue de sacre coeur
Private collections
Casino de Biarritz
The Flower Market, 1914
Gare Montparnasse, Paris
Luncheon on the Grass, 1925
Paris, Eglise de la Trinité, 1925
Paris, Montmartre: Cirque Medrano, 1925
References
1861 births
1936 deaths
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
Post-impressionist painters
Naïve painters
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
19th-century French male artists
Elio Martusciello (born 23 November 1959, Naples, Italy) is an Italian experimental music composer and performer, principally on guitar and computer. They have studied photography with Mimmo Jodice and visual art with Carlo Alfano, Armando De Stefano and Rosa Panaro.  They are a self-taught musician/composer and teaches "electronic music" at Conservatory of Music, Napoli, Italy. Their compositional aesthetics are derived from acousmatic issues, but in addition to acousmatic composition they compose for instruments and live electronics, sound installation, multi-media works, audiovisual art and computer music improvisation. They live in Napoli, Italy.
Main collaborations
They have worked with improvising musicians such as Ana-Maria Avram, Natasha Barrett, Eugene Chadbourne, Alvin Curran, Chris Cutler, Iancu Dumitrescu, Michel Godard, Tim Hodgkinson, Thomas Lehn, Lawrence D. "Butch" Morris, Jerome Noetinger, Tony Oxley, Roberto Paci Dalo, Evan Parker, Giancarlo Schiaffini, Mario Schiano, Z'EV, and others.
Bands
Ossatura
with Fabrizio Spera and Luca Venitucci
Schismophonia
with Mike Cooper
Taxonomy
with Graziano Lella and Roberto Fega
Bindou ensemble
with Ana-Maria Avram, Chris Cutler, Rhodri Davies, Iancu Dumitrescu and Tim Hodgkinson
Le pecore di Dante
with Tim Hodgkinson
DA
with Paganmuzak
Xubuxue
with Pietro D'Agostino, Marco Ariano and Gianfranco Tedeschi
Selected Discography and videography
E. e M. Martusciello: meta-harmonies (Staalplaat, 1995)
Ossatura: dentro (Recommended Records, 1998)
Ossatura: verso (Recommended Records, 2002)
Aesthetics of the machine (bowindo, 2003)
Unoccupied areas (Recommended Records, 2005)
Taxonomy: A Global Taxonomycal Machine (Ambiances Magnétiques, 2005)
Taxonomy: 10 Taxonomical Movements (Ambiances Magnétiques, 2008)
To extend the visibility (Recommended Records, 2009)
Concrete songs (TiConZero, 2011)
BetweenUs: Chamber Rites (Die Schachtel, 2015)
Ossatura: Maps and Mazes (Recommended Records, 2016)
incise (em music, 2018)
The Ghost Album (em music, 2020)
See also
List of acousmatic-music composers
Electroacoustic music
Acousmatic music
Sound installation
List of free improvising musicians and groups
Sound art
Musique concrète
List of experimental musicians
External links
Home page
Myspace
References
Their biography on electrocd.com
CEMAT
Recommended_Records
Conservatory of Music G.P. da Palestrina
intervista a Elio Martusciello
XXI Musicale
sands-zine
L'estetica dei media - Mario Costa
estetica della macchina - Elio Martusciello
to extend the visibility
allaboutjazz
Musicians from Naples
Italian musicians
Living people
1959 births
Electroacoustic music composers
Pol-e Mun (, also Romanized as Pol-e Mūn; also known as Pol-e Sūn) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
In five-dimensional geometry, a rectified 5-cube is a convex uniform 5-polytope, being a rectification of the regular 5-cube.
There are 5 degrees of rectifications of a 5-polytope, the zeroth here being the 5-cube, and the 4th and last being the 5-orthoplex. Vertices of the rectified 5-cube are located at the edge-centers of the 5-cube. Vertices of the birectified 5-cube are located in the square face centers of the 5-cube.
Rectified 5-cube
Alternate names
Rectified penteract (acronym: rin) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction
The rectified 5-cube may be constructed from the 5-cube by truncating its vertices at the midpoints of its edges.
Coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of the rectified 5-cube with edge length is given by all permutations of:
Images
Birectified 5-cube
E. L. Elte identified it in 1912 as a semiregular polytope, identifying it as Cr52 as a second rectification of a 5-dimensional cross polytope.
Alternate names
Birectified 5-cube/penteract
Birectified pentacross/5-orthoplex/triacontiditeron
Penteractitriacontiditeron (acronym: nit) (Jonathan Bowers)
Rectified 5-demicube/demipenteract
Construction and coordinates
The birectified 5-cube may be constructed by birectifing the vertices of the 5-cube at of the edge length.
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of a birectified 5-cube having edge length 2 are all permutations of:
Images
Related polytopes
Related polytopes
These polytopes are a part of 31 uniform polytera generated from the regular 5-cube or 5-orthoplex.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
o3x3o3o4o - rin, o3o3x3o4o - nit
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
5-polytopes
Frank Lorimer Mayo (June 28, 1889 – July 9, 1963) was an American actor. They appeared in 310 films between 1911 and 1949.
Biography
They were born in New York City, the son of actor Frank M. Mayo, and they died in Laguna Beach, California, from a heart attack. They were married to actor Dagmar Godowsky from 1921 to 1926. The marriage was annulled in August 1926 on the ground that Mayo had another wife. Mayo was buried at the Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills Cemetery in Los Angeles.
Selected filmography
The Red Circle (1915)
Shadows (1916)
Sold at Auction (1917)
The Bronze Bride (1917)
Easy Money (1917)
Betsy Ross (1917)
The Burglar (1917)
The Purple Lily (1918)
The Interloper (1918)
Tinsel (1918)
Lasca (1919)
The Rough Neck (1919)
The Girl in Number 29 (1920)
Hitchin' Posts (1920)
Burnt Wings (1920)
Through Eyes of Men (1920)
Colorado (1921)
The Fighting Lover (1921)
Dr. Jim (1921)
The Magnificent Brute (1921)
The Blazing Trail (1921)
Tiger True (1921)
Go Straight (1921)
Across the Dead-Line (1922)
The Altar Stairs (1922)
Wolf Law (1922)
The First Degree (1923)
Souls for Sale (1923)
Six Days (1923)
Wild Oranges (1924)
The Shadow of the Desert (1924)
The Plunderer (1924)
The Triflers (1924)
Is Love Everything? (1924)
The Price They Paid (1924)
Barriers Burned Away (1925)
Women and Gold (1925)
The Unknown Lover (1925)
Passionate Youth (1925)
Then Came the Woman (1926)
Range Law (1931)
Chinatown After Dark (1931)
The Hawk (1931)
Alias – the Bad Man (1931)
Hell's Headquarters (1932)
The Magnificent Brute (1936)
The Oklahoma Kid (1939) as Land Agent (uncredited)
The Roaring Twenties (1939) (uncredited)
The Wagons Roll at Night (1941)
Highway West (1941)
Lady Gangster (1942)
Yankee Doodle Dandy (1942) as Hotel Clerk (uncredited)
The Gorilla Man (1943)
Lake Placid Serenade (1944)
The Devil's Mask (1946)
The Strange Mr. Gregory (1946)
References
External links
1889 births
1963 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
20th-century American male actors
Male actors from New York City
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills)
Male Western (genre) film actors
Nada Es Color De Rosa (Nothing's colored pink;Nothing's easy) is the fourth solo studio album by Mexican artist, Yuridia.
Album development
After a 2-year recording hiatus, Yurida returned to the studio to record this album. Most of the songs were composed by Julio Ramirez Eguia, member of Mexican band, Reik., Ettore Grenci, and Fernando Pantini. The album was recorded and mixed at Sonic Ranch Studios, El Paso (TX) and Hensons Studios, Los Angeles (CA).
Nada Es Color De Rosa was produced by Ettore Grenci and engineered / mixed by Fabrizio Simoncioni.
Promotion
As the release of the album neared, Yuridia went on a promotional tour which took them to cities within the Mexican region, as well as the United States. They also appeared on Spanish-speaking television shows, more noticeably, the show that helped launch their career, La Academia. The producer, Ettore Grenci, composed most of the songs, hand in hand with the singer, who is also the author of two songs on the album, "Un Paso Más" and "Todas Las Noches", a duet with the Italian group Sonohra. This album has sold 120,000 copies worldwide and has been certified Platinum + Gold. The first single, Irremediable, was the #5 Top Song in Mexico. The second single, Me Olvidarás, topped the Top 10 songs, peaking at #9. Contigo, the third single, was on the Top Monitor Latino, peaking at #12. Yuridia released No Me Preguntes Más as their fourth single, which has peaked at the Top Monitor Latino at #2.
Chart performance
The album debuted at No. 91 on the AMPROFON chart, and then went on to move up to peak at No. 1. A month after its release, Nada Es Color De Rosa received Gold for 45,000 copies. The album was certified Platinum for selling over 80,000 copies. Its last certification has been Platinum + Gold for 120,000 copies.
Singles
"Irremediable"
July 29, 2009 Mex,
August 10, 2010 USA
"Me Olvidaras"
January 10, 2010
"Contigo"
June 10, 2010
"No Me Preguntes Más"
October 19, 2010
Track listing
Source:
Release history
References
2009 albums
Yuridia albums
Albums recorded at Sonic Ranch
The London Psychogeographical Association (LPA), sometimes referred to as the London Psychogeographical Committee, is an organisation devoted to psychogeography. The LPA is perhaps best understood in the context of psychogeographical praxis.
London Psychogeographical Institute
The LPA was first mentioned in 1957 by the British artist Ralph Rumney, as one of the organisers of the "First Exhibition of Psychogeography" in Brussels, which included their work. According to many accounts the group eventually merged into the Situationist International. Rumney was in fact the only member of the 'Association'.
LPA East London Section
In the 1990s, the LPA was reinvoked as the LPA East London Section by Fabian Tompsett, using the pseudonym Richard Essex, who published a series of newsletters and pamphlets under its name, as well as the writers grouped around the multiple user name Luther Blissett, including Stewart Home. Activities of the ELS also included trips to destinations of psychogeographical interest and the organisation of three sided football matches.
This version of the LPA has been described by the writer Iain Sinclair, whose work is often described as psychogeographical, as useful in "branding" that kind of practice.
In 1994 Barry Hugill wrote an article for The Observer covering the LPA. They depicted their ideas as "so cranky that to mention Mr Ackroyd's name in the same breath is to invite a writ." However they also state that "the psychogeographers fear that in 2000 there may be an attempt to perpetuate patriarchy through the ritual murder of a top member of royalty."
The work of Luther Blissett, Stewart Home and other psychogeographical groups is said to involve the issuing of numerous leaflets and letters under a series of aliases, both personal and organisational, and the description of interactions, including collaborations and feuds, between both these and other, real people and groups (for example between Luther Blissett and the parapolitical researcher Larry O'Hara).
The last LPA Newsletter was issued around the year 2000.
See also
Neoist Alliance
Association of Autonomous Astronauts
Class Wargames
References
External links
The Great Conjunction: The Symbols of a College, the Death of a King and the Maze on the Hill, (Unpopular Books, 1992) - a booklet authored jointly by the LPA and the Archaeogeodetic Association
LPA Newsletter no. 1 - February 1993
LPA Newsletter no. 2 - May 1993
LPA Newsletter no. 3 - August 1993
LPA Newsletter no. 12 - May 1995
LPA Newsletter no. 18 - May 1997
Situationist International
Psychogeography
Charles Croft (26 November 1918 – 2006) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1918 births
2006 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Mississippi Highway 342 (MS 342), also known as Black Zion Road, is a west–east state highway in eastern Pontotoc County, Mississippi, connecting MS 41 near Pontotoc to West Main Street east of Pontotoc. It is generally a narrow two-lane route.
Route description
MS 342 begins at an intersection with MS 41 just southeast of the Pontotoc city limits. It winds its way east up the Chiwapa Creek valley (on the creek's northern banks) for about to make a sharp left turn at an intersection with Valley Road at the community of Zion (also known as Black Zion). The highway heads north for about before coming to an intersection with U.S. Route 278 (US 278)/MS 6 just outside of Trace State Park. The road continues for another to end at West Main Street and Faulkner Road.
The entire length of Mississippi Highway 342 is a rural, two-lane, state highway.
Major intersections
References
External links
342
Transportation in Pontotoc County, Mississippi
Events in the year 1907 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The Varna Shipyard was founded.
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Midnapore College, established in 1873, is the oldest college in Midnapore, in the Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University. It has been given Autonomous status by University Grants Commission from 2014–15 Session. It is only the fourth aided college to be granted the tag after St Xavier's College, Ramkrishna Mission Narendrapur and RKM Belur.
History
Midnapore College was established in 1873 under the affiliation of the University of Calcutta and with the status of government-sponsored college in 1956. It is the oldest college in the district of Midnapore.
This college started as a school in 1836 and later in 1873 it was handed over to the then-British Government and was raised to the status of second grade college. It was controlled by a governing body with district magistrate as ex-officio president. It became first grade degree science college in 1924.
Role in Indian independence movement
It played the pioneering role in the spread of higher education and in the freedom movement of India.
The past of the college is a saga of meritorious services to all walks of life. Under the aegis of the British government the college began disseminating Western education in the interest of rational and scientific education which was led by Ram Mohan Roy. The college became a part and parcel of Bengal Renaissance. Midnapore Collegiate School is in close vicinity. Khudiram Bose, India's first martyr in the freedom movement against the British, was from Midnapore city and was a student of Midnapore Collegiate School. The Freedom Movement was greatly influenced by the college teachers, too. Three teachers — Tarak Das Ghosh, Thakopada Biswas and Binoy Jiban Ghosh — were dismissed from service for their involvement in the movement during 1933. In 1985, the college's affiliation changed from Calcutta University to Vidyasagar University. Recently University Grants Commission has given Midnapore College an autonomous status from 2014 to 2015 Session.
Departments and courses
The college offers different undergraduate and postgraduate courses and aims at imparting education to the undergraduates of lower- and middle-class people of Midnapore and its adjoining areas.
Science
Science faculty consists of the departments of Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Application, Botany, Zoology, Physiology, Microbiology, Nutrition, Electronics and Economics.
Arts
Arts faculty consists of departments of Bengali, English, Sanskrit, Hindi, History, Geography, Political Science, Philosophy, Sociology, Physical Education and Education.
Location
The college is located in the heart of Midnapore city in the district Paschim Medinipur, formerly called Midnapore. It is easy to reach the college. It is 2 km away from Midnapore Railway Station and 14 km from Kharagpur Railway Station, both under the South Eastern Railway. Midnapore Central Bus Stand is 1 km away from the college.
Accreditation
The college is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). In 2006 it was accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council, and awarded A+ grade. In 2012, then it was re—accredited Grade A with 3.58 out of 4.00 CGPA Score. Now it is re-accredited and awarded by Grade A+ (CGPA-3.60 out of 4.0) by the NAAC in 2017.
Student life
There are two hostels for male and female students, accommodating 60 male students and 114 female students. Students coming from remote village areas are preferred. But several private messes are available. The socio-economic culture has a direct influence from the students come to study at Midnapore.
There are two sections running in the college, morning and day.
The campus area of the college is .
Facilities
Different types of facilities are available in the college. Students who cannot undergo formal studies, can pursue bachelor and postgraduate degree from distance education centre of Indira Gandhi National Open University. Basic science research takes place in the Midnapore College centre for Scientific Culture which is set up by the Indian Association of Physics Teachers. N. C. Rana sky observation centre was established for study of astronomy. This sky observation centre is also served as weather prediction centre of Midnapore district. Midnapore college library has the large number of collections for which it may be used as a research centre. The college has opened a Career Counseling Center operating for last few years for providing the opportunities for current and passed out students at different Government as well as corporate sectors. There are a lot of options of reference books in the central library of the college. The reading room is a very good option to the students. They can read books in their leisure periods.
Achievements
Midnapore college has been identified for "Colleges with Potential for Excellence" (CPE) for XI Plan (Phase-III) by University Grants Commission in 2010.
University Grants Commission has given Midnapore College an "Autonomous" status. It is only the fourth college in West Bengal to be granted the status after St Xavier's College, Ramkrishna Mission, Narendrapur and RKM, Belur. The college from 2014 to 2015 session is allowed to frame its own curricula and conduct their own examinations. The results too are being published by the college themselves. Only the marksheet will be published with the approval of Vidyasagar University.
Notable alumni
Dinesh Gupta
Pradyot Kumar Bhattacharya
Nirmal Jibon Ghosh
Swapan Kumar Pati
Somen Mahapatra
Surjya Kanta Mishra
Gyan Singh Sohanpal
Tamal Bandyopadhyay
Prabodh Panda
Jyoti Jibon Ghosh
Prabhanshu Sekhar Pal
See also
List of institutions of higher education in West Bengal
Education in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Paschim Medinipur district
Colleges affiliated to Vidyasagar University
Educational institutions established in 1873
1873 establishments in India
Comedy Central Romania is the Romanian version of Comedy Central. The channel broadcasts comedy oriented shows. It was launched on 18 September 2016, replacing Comedy Central Extra Adria in the country. Since then it has produced local Romanian content, and became widely popular.
Programming
Shows broadcast on this channel include:
Current
Former
References
External links
Comedy Central Romania
Comedy Central
Romanian-language television stations
Television stations in Romania
Television channels and stations established in 2016
The Rebound is a 2009 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Bart Freundlich, starring Catherine Zeta-Jones and Justin Bartha. It was released in theaters in several countries in late 2009. It was originally scheduled to be released in the United States on 25 December 2010, but was cancelled due to the film's distributor shutting down. It ended up going direct-to-DVD in the United States on 7 February 2012.
Plot
A housewife and mother of two, Sandy (Catherine Zeta-Jones), discovers that their husband has been unfaithful. After a hasty divorce, they move to New York City with their young son and daughter. There, they begin a new life. Sandy rents an apartment above a coffee house and befriends one of the baristas, Aram Finklestein (Justin Bartha). At age 25, Aram is not sure what they want to do with their life having just separated (his wife was a French woman who married them for a green card). Despite having a college degree, they are aimless and gets a job at a women's center. During a self-defense class at the women's center where Aram plays the perpetrator, Sandy unleashes an "ocean of anger" on him. The next day, they go to the coffeeshop to apologize to them and asks them to babysit their kids. They become a full-time nanny for the family and develops a close-knit relationship with the children; and a chemistry starts to brew between Aram and Sandy, ensuing in an awkward sexual encounter that the children come to know about.
Notwithstanding, they start to date; and, after two months, they seem perfect together. One day, Sandy feels nauseated and suspects they are pregnant. Aram is thrilled and looks forward to raising a child with them A doctor confirms that Sandy is pregnant, but it is an ectopic pregnancy and will result in a miscarriage. As they leave the doctor, a fight breaks out between Aram and Sandy, with the latter confirming that they think it's ludicrous that the two of them, with an age difference of 15 years, would ever be happy together. After the break up, Aram decides to travel the world and to experience new things. Sandy is promoted at their sports news job to anchor.
After five years, the two meet again in a chance encounter at a Chinese restaurant. Aram reveals they have adopted a young boy from Bangladesh and is still single. Sandy, who is celebrating another promotion with their children and a colleague, invites Aram and their family to join them. The film ends as the two hold hands underneath the table whilst their children start to bond implying that they went on to rekindle their relationship.
Cast
Catherine Zeta-Jones as Sandy
Justin Bartha as Aram Finklestein
Kelly Gould as Sadie
Art Garfunkel as Harry Finklestein
John Schneider (cameo) as Trevor
Marcel Simoneau as Henri
Joanna Gleason as Roberta Finklestein
Steve Antonucci as Waiter, Aram's Friend
Lynn Whitfield as Laura
Stéphanie Szostak as Alice
Rob Kerkovich as Mitch
Alice Playten as Sensei Dana
Sam Robards as Frank
Andrew Cherry as Frank Jr., age 7
Jake Cherry as Frank Jr., age 13 (uncredited)
Skai Jackson as Museum Little Girl No. 1
Saadet Aksoy as Turkish girl in cafe
Michael Chernus as Actor No. 3
This was Alice Playten's last role before their death in 2011.
Reception
Critical response
The Rebound received generally negative reviews from film critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 42% based on reviews from 24 critics, with 10 positive reviews and 14 negative.
Jon Frosch, said: "Saddling two game actors with a tone-deaf, charmless script, the film makes recent J.Lo vehicle The Back-up Plan look like Billy Wilder in comparison." Alex Zane said: "These are characters who seem very real. It's their imperfections, not contrived plot points, that drive the story."
Box office
The film grossed $21,790,414 worldwide.
References
External links
2009 films
2009 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
Films directed by Bart Freundlich
Films set in Istanbul
Films set in New York City
Films shot in Paris
Films shot in Turkey
Films scored by Clint Mansell
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Qaleh Shisheh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Shīsheh and Qal‘eh-ye Shīsheh) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 377, in 93 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Manabu Murakami is the name of:
Manabu Murakami (scholar) (born 1936), scholar of classical Japanese literature
Manabu Murakami (wrestler) or Manjimaru (born 1984), Japanese professional wrestler
Grégoire Delacourt (born 26 July 1960 in Valenciennes) is a French advertiser and writer.
Biography
In their youth, Delacourt was an intern at the Jesuit College "La Providence" in Amiens (the same college that current French president Emmanuel Macron attended 17 years later). They obtained their baccalauréat in Lille and then began law studies in Grenoble, which they quickly put an end to. They became a publicist in 1982 and in 2004, created with their wife Dana Philp their own advertising agency, Quelle Belle Journée ("What a beautiful day") with which they signed contracts with brands such as Sephora, GO Sport, Caudalie, Folio (Éditions Gallimard), Taittinger, Crozatier, Directours, Unilever... It was following their dismissal from their previous company that they decided to found their own agency.
They published their first novel at the age of fifty, "L'Écrivain de la famille", (more than 20,000 copies sold in large format, 100,000 in pocket-sized edition) then La Liste de mes envies in 2012 which quickly became a bestseller with more than 500,000 copies sold before its release in the Livre de Poche edition where it exceeded 600,000 copies. La Liste de mes envies was adapted to the theater by , directed by Anne Bouvier and produced by , played from January to May 2013 at . It was later revived at the Festival d'Avignon at the Off and again at Ciné 13 Théâtre from September 2014 until 12 January 2015. This adaptation won Mikaël Chirinian a nomination to the 2014 Molière Award in the Seul en scène ("alone on stage") category. The cinematographic adaptation, produced by Clémentine Dabadie and Thomas Viguier, was entrusted to with Mathilde Seigner, Marc Lavoine and Patrick Chesnais in the leading roles. The film was released in May 2014 and totaled more than 440,000 entries. In October 2016, a new theatrical version was created in Montreal, adaptation by Maryse Warda, direction by Marie-Thérèse Fortin, with Marie-Chantal Perron in the role of Jocelyne. In January 2017, a third theatrical version was created in Brussels at the Théâtre de la Samaritaine, adapted and interpreted by Lorette Goosse and directed by Christian Dalimier.
Their third novel, La Première chose qu'on regarde, was released in April 2013. Actress Scarlett Johansson sued, claiming the book was defamatory and exploited their name and image. The judge found the book to be defamatory and awarded Johansson 2500 euros, while rejecting the remaining claims. The book sold more than 150,000 copies.
On ne voyait que le bonheur, published on 20 August 2014, appeared on the first list of the Prix Goncourt and entered the second list of the 2015 Prix des Libraires. It came second to the Prix Goncourt des Lycéens behind Charlotte by David Foenkinos. It won the title of "Best novel of the year 2014" awarded by the journalists of Le Parisien
Les Quatre saisons de l'été were published on 29 April 2015 and stage, in the same summer at Touquet Paris-Plage, the summer loves of four couples, fifteen, thirty-five, fifty-five and sixty-fifteen. In Germany, the book ranked in the Top 10 list of Der Spiegel'''s bestsellers.
Their sixth novel, Danser au bord de l'abîme was published on 2 January 2017.
Bibliography
L'Écrivain de la famille, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series "Littérature française", 2011, 250 p.
- Prix Marcel Pagnol 2011.
- Prix Rive Gauche à Paris 2011.
- Prix Carrefour du Premier Roman 2011.
- Prix Cœur de France 2011.
- Prix du premier roman Méo Camuzet 2011.
La Liste de mes envies, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series "Littérature française", 2012, 186 p. .
- Prix Méditerranée des Lycéens 2013.
- Prix des Lycéens 2013 de la Ville de Gujan-Mestras.
- Prix Livresse de Lire 2013
, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series "Littérature française", 2013, 250 p.
On ne voyait que le bonheur, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series "Littérature française", 2014, 360 p.
- Prix des Lectrices Edelweiss (Switzerland)
- Prix Goncourt des Fougères 2014.
- Meilleur roman de l'année 2014.
Les Quatre Saisons de l'été, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series "Littérature française", 2015, 270 p.
Danser au bord de l'abîme, Paris, Éditions JC Lattès, series. "Littérature française", 2017, 320 p.
References
External links
Grégoire Delacourt on Babelio
Grégoire Delacourt publie "Danser au bord de l'abîme" on RTL Group
Misérabilisme et morale à deux balles : le nouveau roman de Grégoire Delacourt on Les Inrockuptibles''
Grégoire Delacourt on France Inter
Grégoire Delacourt on Gala
Delacourt
Grégoire Delacourt's website.
21st-century French novelists
French advertising executives
French screenwriters
1960 births
People from Valenciennes
Living people
21st-century French screenwriters
Trial and Error is a 1937 mystery detective novel by the British writer Anthony Berkeley. It was a loose sequel to the 1929 novel The Piccadilly Murder, featuring two of the characters from the earlier work the unprepossessing but shrewd Ambrose Chitterwick and Chief Inspector Moresby of Scotland Yard. Berkeley was a prominent author of the Golden Age of Detective Fiction, known for their inverted detective stories.
Synopsis
The mild-mannered Lawrence Todhunter finds out they haven't long to live, due to a heart condition. They decide to do the world a last service by killing a truly evil person, knowing they will not have to face the consequences. However their plan goes wrong when the police arrest a completely innocent man for the murder. Despite their best efforts, Todhunter cannot convince the authorities they are the guilty party and enlists Ambrose Chitterwick to try and prove the matter.
Television adaptation
In 1958 it was adapted into a six-part television series Leave It to Todhunter. Produced by the BBC it featured Mervyn Johns as Todhunter, Kynaston Reeves as Chitterwick and Ballard Berkeley as Moresby.
References
Bibliography
Baskin, Ellen . Serials on British Television, 1950-1994. Scolar Press, 1996.
Herbert, Rosemary. Whodunit?: A Who's Who in Crime & Mystery Writing. Oxford University Press, 2003.
Miskimmin, Esme. 100 British Crime Writers. Springer Nature, 2020.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Turnbull, Malcolm J. Elusion Aforethought: The Life and Writing of Anthony Berkeley Cox. Popular Press, 1996.
White, Terry. Justice Denoted: The Legal Thriller in American, British, and Continental Courtroom Literature. Praeger, 2003.
1937 British novels
Novels by Anthony Berkeley
British crime novels
British mystery novels
British detective novels
Hodder & Stoughton books
Novels set in London
British novels adapted into television shows
In telecommunication, a mesochronous network is a network in which the clocks run with the same frequency but unknown phases. Compare synchronous network.
See also
Synchronization in telecommunications
Isochronous signal
Plesiochronous system
Asynchronous system
Network architecture
Synchronization
Cyzenis albicans is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae. A parasitoid, it lays its eggs on leaves of oak, maple, birch and other trees, so that when the leaves are consumed by the larvae of the host winter moth, the eggs hatch inside the larvae. The fly is native to Europe and Asia but has been introduced into North America as a biological control agent of the invasive winter moth.
Ecology
Cyzenis albicans is a parasitoid, the female laying its eggs on the surface of leaves which are then eaten by the larvae of suitable host moth species. This fly is synovigenic, continuing to produce and mature eggs throughout its adult life and needing to feed in order to do so. The fly larvae feed internally on the moth larvae, pupating within the moth pupae when their hosts have fallen to the ground, and emerging as adults the following spring.
Hosts
In Europe and Asia, where this fly is native, the larvae of several geometrid moths are parasitised. These include the winter moth (Operophtera brumata), the northern winter moth (Operophtera fagata), the oak nycteoline (Nycteola revayana), the elm autumn moth (Ypsolopha vittella) and the pimpinel pug (Eupithecia pimpinellata). In North American, where it has been introduced, it is only known to use winter moth (Operophtera brumata) as a host.
Use in biological control
The winter moth first appeared in Nova Scotia, Canada, in the 1920s. By 1949 it had spread, causing defoliation of trees on a wide scale, and had been identified as a pest species. In 1954 and 1955, several insect species were introduced from Europe in an attempt to control it. The most successful of these were the parasitic wasp Agrypon flaveolatum and the parasitoid fly C. albicans, both of which became established in Canada. As the numbers of parasites built up, so the populations of the winter moth declined.
Winter moths were first noted in the United States in the late 1990s in the state of Massachusetts. During the next decade they spread from Boston, south to Martha's Vineyard and Cape Cod, into Rhode Island, and Connecticut. There also have been outbreaks of winter moth in coastal New Hampshire and Maine. Winter moth defoliates maples, oaks, fruit trees, and other deciduous trees. Attempts at biological control followed with the release of C. albicans since 2005. The wasp was considered unsuitable because it is unknown if it is host specific and there are some rare geometrid moths in the area. The fly has become successfully established in Massachusetts, and the level of parasitism of the moth larvae had reached 20-50% by 2015, after thousands of Cyzenis albicans were released at 17 sites in New England.
In its native range, C. albicans has very little impact on populations of winter moth, and its success in biological control of this invasive pest in Canada and the United States was difficult to predict; soil conditions seem to have been of importance, and there may have been a dearth of natural enemies to prey on the flies, enabling them to become established. A recent study on the mortality factors affecting C. albicans puparia in Massachusetts shows that, in fact, C. albicans experiences heavy mortality from generalist pupal predators and parasitoids.
References
Diptera of Europe
Insects described in 1810
Tachinidae
Museums Victoria is an organisation which operates three major state-owned museums in Melbourne, Victoria: the Melbourne Museum, the Immigration Museum and Scienceworks Museum. It also manages the Royal Exhibition Building and a storage facility in Melbourne's City of Moreland.
History
The museum traces its history back to the establishment of the "Museum of Natural and Economic Geology" by the Government of Victoria, William Blandowski and others in 1854.
The Library, Museums and National Gallery Act 1869 incorporated the Museums with the Public Library and the National Gallery of Victoria; but this administrative connection was severed in 1944 when the Public Library, National Gallery and Museums Act came into force, and they became four separate institutions once again.
Museums Victoria was founded in its current form under the Australian Museums Act (1983). Currently, Museums Victoria's State Collections holds over 17 million items, including objects relating to Indigenous Australian and Pacific Islander cultures, geology, historical studies, palaeontology, technology & society, and zoology Museums Victoria also contains a library collection that holds some of Australia's rarest and finest examples of 18th and 19th century scientific monographs and serials.
Significant events in the Museum's history include:
1854 – Founding of the "Museum of Natural and Economic Geology" by William Blandowski and others; Blandowski oversees the museum
1856 – Collections moved to the University of Melbourne in Parkville by Frederick McCoy
1858 – McCoy appointed first "director" of the museum
1862 – New building opens on University site, museum renamed "National Museum of Victoria"
1869 – National Museum, embryotic Industrial & Technological (I&T) Museum, National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) and Public Library of Victoria merged into a single body
1870 – I&T Museum opened on Swanston Street site (behind the Public Library)
1893 – I&T Museum opens new building on Russell St as part of Library complex
1899 – National Museum moved to I&T Museum's building, and takes over its mineral collection; rest of I&T Museum put into storage
1915 – I&T Museum reopens in Library's now surplus Queens Hall, thanks largely to George Swinburne and John Monash
1927 – National Museum acquired the H. L. White Collection of Australian native bird eggs
1944 – Museums organisationally re-separated from Library, NGV and each other; all remain in one building
1945 – I&T Museum renamed Museum of Applied Science (MAS)
1946 – MAS takes over Melbourne Observatory
1969 – NGV moves to St Kilda Rd, MAS moves into its old buildings, Library gets back Queens Hall
1961 – Museum of Applied Science renamed Institute of Applied Science
1971 – Institute of Applied Science renamed Science Museum of Victoria
1981 – Museum Station opened, providing train services
1983 – National Museum of Victoria and Science Museum of Victoria amalgamated to form the Museum of Victoria (NMV)
1992 – Scienceworks opened in Spotswood
1997 – Swanston Street campus closed
1998 – Museum of Victoria renamed Museum Victoria; Immigration and Hellenic Antiquities Museum opened
2000 – Melbourne Museum at Carlton Gardens opened
2016 – Museum Victoria renamed Museums Victoria
Administration
The present chief executive officer of Museums Victoria is Lynley Crosswell (formerly Marshall), who was previously the head of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's international arm. Crosswell is the first woman to lead the organisation in its history.
Former directors include:
1858 – Frederick McCoy
1899 – Walter Baldwin Spencer
1928 – James A. Kershaw
1931 – Daniel James Mahony
1957 – Charles. W. Brazenor
1962 – John McNally
1979 – Barry Wilson
1984 – Robert Edwards
1990 – Graham Morris
1998 – George F. MacDonald
2002 – Dr J. Patrick Greene
Library
The Museums Victoria Library collection was first established in the 1850s as a working collection for the Museum's curators, and has developed into one of the best collections of natural history books and journals in Australia. The library was located at Melbourne University until 1906 when it moved, with the museum, to be co-located with the Public Library.
Today, the library collection is located at Melbourne Museum and contains 40,000 titles, which includes around 1,000 titles that are considered to be rare due to one or a combination of factors, including: value; scarcity; aesthetic qualities; historic, scientific or institutional significance; fragility; or age. Collection strengths include natural history in the fields of zoology, geology and palaeontology, scientific expedition reports, society and institutional journal titles, Indigenous cultures of Australia and the Pacific, Australian history, technology, colonial and other exhibition catalogues, museum studies, and Museums Victoria publications.
Many items from the Museums Victoria Library have been digitised for the Biodiversity Heritage Library as Museums Victoria is the home to the Australian node of this project. The digitisation operation is hosted by Museums Victoria and is nationally funded by the Atlas of Living Australia.
See also
Melbourne Museum
Immigration Museum
Scienceworks
Royal Exhibition Building
State Library Victoria
References
External links
Museums Victoria website
Museums established in 1983
Museums in Melbourne
Archaeological museums in Australia
Natural history museums in Australia
Ethnographic museums in Australasia
Technology museums in Australia
1983 establishments in Australia
Museum organizations
Peter Horn (15 October 1915 – 1 November 1983) was a Danish fighter pilot.
Horn was born on 15 October 1915. They joined the Danish Army and trained as a pilot, graduating as a qualified pilot in 1937 (certificate 214/37). On 9 October 1938 they were made Sekondløjtnant (2nd Lieutenant) and at the outbreak of war, was a Lieutenant in the reserve.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20130921053652/http://www.danishww2pilots.dk/pilots.php?id=160
1915 births
Danish military officers
Danish World War II flying aces
Luftwaffe personnel of World War II
Luftwaffe pilots
Danish collaborators with Nazi Germany
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1939), 1st class
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1939), 2nd class
1983 deaths
United Gipuzkoa (, GU) was a Basque Country-based party alliance led by the People's Alliance ahead of the 1977 general election.
Member parties
People's Alliance (AP)
Spanish Falange of the JONS (FE–JONS)
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
Political parties in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Political parties established in 1977
Political parties disestablished in 1977
Figuralchor Frankfurt is a mixed choir in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany. It was founded in 1966 as a youth choir for the broadcaster Hessischer Rundfunk by Alois Ickstadt, who conducted it for 45 years. From 1977 to the 1990s, the choir was known as Figuralchor des Hessischen Rundfunks. It performs in concerts, radio productions and recordings, with a focus on a cappella music, but has also participated in joint symphonic productions such as Mahler's Symphony of a Thousand for the opening of the Alte Oper concert hall in 1981. The choir has been conducted by Paul Leonard Schäffer since 2016.
History
The choral conductor and pedagogue Alois Ickstadt, who had founded the children's choir for the broadcaster Hessischer Rundfunk (hr) in 1961, founded a youth choir, which would become the Figuralchor, for the station in 1966, according to their concept to educate choral singers from childhood to adulthood in both vocal training and background information. The name Figuralchor was derived from , mostly polyphonic music of the 17th and 18th century.
Ickstadt conducted the Figuralchor in concerts, radio productions and recordings. The first Figuralchor performances, beginning in 1966, were broadcasts. The ensemble sang its first concert for a live audience In 1970, performing motets at St. Leonhard. The choir's repertoire is focused on sacred and secular a cappella motets, but it also performs symphonic works and oratorios, such as Mahler's Eighth Symphony in the opening concert of the Alte Oper on 28 August 1981, conducted by Michael Gielen. In the 1990s, the choir no longer received funding from the broadcaster and changed its name to Figuralchor Frankfurt, but it still has appeared in broadcasts.
When Ickstadt retired in 2011, Martin Lücker succeeded him. Paul Leonard Schäffer became conductor in 2016, the year of the choir's 50th anniversary, after having assisted Lücker for three years. Schäffer conducted the choir in a festive concert at the Clara Schumann Saal of Dr. Hoch's Konservatorium on 16 September 2016 in a performance of Schubert's Mass in E-flat major. The choir performed Bach's Christmas Oratorio at the Alte Oper in 2017.
Recordings
Mahler: Eighth Symphony, conducted by Michael Gielen, with soloists Faye Robinson, Margaret Anne Marshall, Hildegard Heichele, Ortrun Wenkel, Hildegard Laurich, Mallory Walker, Richard Stilwell, Simon Estes, choirs Frankfurter Kantorei, , Limburger Domsingknaben, Frankfurter Opern- und Museumsorchester, Sony (CD), live performance on 28 August 1981
Bach: Nun komm, der Heiden Heiland, BWV 62, with Hildegard Heichele, Ria Bollen; Tenor, Heiner Hopfner, Ernst Gerold Schramm, Kammerorchester Alfred Sous, Figuralchor des Hessischen Rundfunks (radio, c. 1981), Melisma 726
Bach: Mass in B minor, Ulrike Sonntag, Alison Browner, Adalbert Kraus, Ernst Gerold Schramm (live recording at St. Gallus, Flörsheim, May 1987), Melisma
Haydn: Die Jahreszeiten. F 669 500/01. Frankfurter Museumsgesellschaft. Frankfurt, 1987.
Bach: St John Passion, Sonntag, Browner, Kraus, Schramm, Collegium Instrumentale Alois Kottmann (live recording at St. Gallus, Flörsheim), Opus 27042. Cappella Wiesbaden 1989
Gallus-Konzerte in der Barockkirche zu Flörsheim am Main, works by Mozart, Mendelssohn, Joseph Rheinberger and others. Opus 27035. Cappella Wiesbaden 1989
Zemlinsky: Der Traumgörge. Capriccio 10 241/42. Delta Music. Frechen 1989
Gallus-Konzerte Flörsheim am Main, works by Mozart, Dieterich Buxtehude, Mendelssohn, Bach, Haydn, Rheinberger and others, Sonntag, Browner, Kraus, Schramm (live recording at St. Gallus, Flörsheim, Opus 27042. Cappella Wiesbaden 1990
Orff: Carmina burana, Frankfurter Museumsgesellschaft. Frankfurt am Main 1992
Brahms: Zigeunerlieder, Schwann Musica Mundi 3-16 16-2. Koch International. Munich 1992
Orff: Trionfi. Wergo WER 6275-2. Schott Wergo Music Media. Mainz 1995
Andrei Volkonsky: Der 148. Psalm and others. Wergo WER 6601-2. Schott Wergo Music Media. Mainz 1996
Gedenk-Konzert, works by Brahms, Mendelssohn, Franz Schubert. Melisma 7139/40-2. Cappella Wiesbaden 1998
Brahms: Ein deutsches Requiem. Melisma 7177-2. Cappella Wiesbaden 2001
Mendelssohn: Elias. Frankfurter Museumsgesellschaft. Frankfurt am Main 2001.
Literature
References
External links
German choirs
1966 establishments in West Germany
Musical groups established in 1966
The girls' rhythmic individual all-around at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held on August 26–27 at the Nanjing Olympic Sports Centre.
There were two rounds of competition in the individual competition. In each round, competing gymnasts performed four routines. One routine was performed with each of the four apparatus: rope, hoop, ball and clubs. The combined scores from the four routines made up the preliminary qualifications round score. The top eight gymnasts after the preliminary round advanced to the finals. There, they performed each routine again. Scores from the preliminary will not be carried over, the gymnasts start back their routines with maximum of D10/E10 in base value.
Medalists
Qualification
Final
References
Nanjing 2014 Qualification
Nanjing 2014 Final
Gymnastics at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Christy Toye (born 10 March 1983) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for St Michael's and also, formerly, for the Donegal county team.
They captained their county in Brian McIver's first season in charge (2005).
Along with their fellow club mate Colm McFadden, they would have been considered one of the mature elder statesman of the Donegal senior football panel, until their retirement from inter-county football in 2017.
Among other accolades, they have one All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (2012), three Ulster Senior Football Championships (2011, 2012 and 2014) and one National Football League (2007). They captained Donegal in the 2006 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park, appeared as a substitute for Leo McLoone against Mayo in the 2012 All-Ireland Final and was named to start against Kerry in the 2014 All-Ireland Final. They made a total of 65 Championship appearances, a record they share with Donegal teammate Karl Lacey.
College
They captained a team to the Sigerson Cup.
Inter-county
Toye's mother's name is Rosemary.
Toye and Colm McFadden were in the same class at primary school; they played in (and won) the Ted Webb under-16 tournament, the same year they were part of the county minor team.
They started the first game of Brian McEniff's last spell as Donegal manager, a league defeat to Galway in Tuam in February 2003.
Toye burst onto the national scene with goals in the Championship against Meath in 2002 and Armagh in 2003, both at Croke Park. The goal against Armagh, in the 2003 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship semi-final, was the first goal conceded by the then reigning All-Ireland SFC champions in eight championship games going back to the previous year's semi-final, and gave Donegal a half-time lead; Toye accompanied it with a point but Donegal lost the game. They played for Donegal against Armagh in the 2004 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park, but went off injured and was replaced by Rory Kavanagh. They captained Donegal in the 2006 Ulster Senior Football Championship Final against the same opponents at the same venue. They were a member of the Donegal team that won the National Football League in 2007, playing from the start to the end in the final against Mayo.
In 2009, while in the form of their life, Toye ruptured their Achilles tendon during an All-Ireland qualifier against Clare at MacCumhaill Park. They were left as a spectator when Armagh knocked Donegal from the 2010 Championship in Crossmaglen. However, Toye returned the following season, rejuvenated by the arrival of Jim McGuinness as manager. They did not feature in the NFL or Ulster campaign but was sprung from the bench in the 2011 All-Ireland quarter-final against Kildare at Croke Park. Within 25 seconds of their first appearance in 25 months they had the ball in the back of the Kildare net, later making a further vital contribution by scoring the final equalising point of a game which Donegal went on to narrowly win through a memorable point from Kevin Cassidy in extra-time. Toye had previously scored a goal for Donegal at Croke Park in a 2003 All-Ireland semi-final. Indeed, with four goals, Toye is Donegal's record goalscorer at Croke Park — one goal each against Meath (2002), Armagh (2003), Cork (2006), and Kildare (2011). They also scored a goal in the 2015 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship qualifier defeat of Galway at Croke Park, finishing into the corner of the net in injury-time.
They came on as a second-half substitute for Leo McLoone in the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, won by Donegal. They missed the entire 2013 season while battling trigeminal neuralgia but was back in 2014 in time for another shot at the All-Ireland. On 20 September 2014, they were named to start against Kerry in the following day's All-Ireland Final.
In January 2017, Toye retired from the inter-county game.
Club
Toye's club have not had much success at senior level. They reached the final of the 2011 Donegal Senior Football Championship—their first ever senior final—but lost, though Toye scored three points.
Previously, in 2004, they reached the final of All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football Championship, in which Toye scored a point.
Other work
Toye has been active in encouraging people to read more books.
Legacy
The "languid" style of Michael Langan has been compared favourably to that of Toye.
Honours
Donegal
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship: 2012
Ulster Senior Football Championship: 2011, 2012, 2014
National Football League Division 1: 2007
St Michael's
All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football Championship runner-up: 2004
Ulster Intermediate Club Football Championship: 2003
Donegal Intermediate Football Championship: 2003
References
External links
Official profile
Christy Toye at gaainfo.com
1983 births
Living people
Donegal inter-county Gaelic footballers
St Michael's (Donegal) Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Lawrence Kip (September 17, 1836 – November 17, 1899) was an American soldier, author, and sportsman who was prominent in New York society during the Gilded Age.
Early life
Kip was born on September 17, 1836 in Morristown, New Jersey. They were the son of The Right Reverend William Ingraham Kip (1811–1893), and Maria Elizabeth (née Lawrence) Kip (1812–1893). Their younger brother was William Ingraham Kip Jr., who married Elizabeth Clementine Kinney, the daughter of the U.S. Ambassador to Italy, William Burnet Kinney. Kip's father was a prominent minister who served at Grace Church before becoming the Episcopal Bishop of California until their death in 1893.
Their paternal grandparents were Leonard Kip and Maria (née Ingraham) Kip and their uncle was author Leonard Kip. They were descended from Hendrick Hendricksen Kip, one of the nine original assemblymen serving in New Amsterdam from 1647 under Pieter Stuyvesant, Governor of New Netherlands. Their ancestors were the namesake of Kips Bay in Manhattan. Their maternal grandparents were merchant banker Isaac Lawrence and Cornelia (née Beach) Lawrence, themselves the daughter of a minister of Trinity Church.
Kip attended the Churchill Military Academy at Sing Sing, and was appointed Cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point in June 1853.
Career
Following their graduation from West Point, they were commissioned a Second lieutenant, Third Artillery in June 1857 and became part of the expedition under General Wright against the northern Indians. During this campaign, they reportedly distinguished themselves in the Battle of Four Lakes and Spokane Plains and acted as Adjutant of the Artillery Battalion. In 1859, Kip published an account of the campaign in a book entitled Army Life on the Pacific.
In 1861, at the beginning of the U.S. Civil War, they were Adjutant of the Third Artillery. Shortly thereafter, they resigned to join the staff of General Edwin Vose Sumner's as senior aide-de-camp, achieving the rank of Major. They were a part of the Army of the Potomac which saw action in the Battles of Yorktown, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, Seven Pines, Savage's Station, Glendale, Malvern Hill, Antietam, Fredericksburg (all of which took place in 1862), and Mine Run which lasted from November 1863 until December 1863.
From June 25 to July 1, 1862 during the Seven Days Battles, they were acting Adjutant General of General Sumner's Corps. Following the battles, Sumner recommended them for brevet Captain and brevet Major to the War Department for gallantry, however, the Senate failed to act on any recommendations from General George B. McClellan's campaign.
After the death of General Sumner in March 1863, Kip went to work on the staff of General John E. Wool and was assigned to the Headquarters of the Department of the East, as Assistant Inspector General of the Artillery. Six months later, they again joined the Army of the Potomac and was assigned to the staff of Brevet Major General Robert O. Tyler, as Inspector of the Artillery Reserve, taking part in the Battle of Rappahanock Station.
They were later appointed aide-de-camp on the staff of Major General Philip Sheridan where they fought in the Battles of Trevilian Station in 1864, where they were wounded, Cedar Creek, where they were slightly wounded again in 1864. On June 11, 1864, they were brevetted Captain "for gallant and meritorious service at the battle of Trevillian Station, Va."
In 1865, they were part of the Battles of Dinwiddie Court House, Five Forks, High Bridge, Sailor's Creek, Appomattox Station, and Appomattox Court House, where Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered. On March 31 1865, they were brevetted Major "for gallant and meritorious service in the Cavalry campaign from Winchester to Petersburg and at the battle of Dinwiddie Court House, Va." and on April 1, 1865, they were brevetted Lieutenant Colonel "for gallant and meritorious service at the battle of Five Forks, Va."
Kip resigned from the Military in 1867.
Society life
In 1892, Kip and their wife Eva were included in Ward McAllister's "Four A Hundred", purported to be an index of New York's best families, published in The New York Times. Conveniently, 400 was the number of people that could fit into Mrs. Astor's ballroom.
Kip, who was deeply interested in horse breeding and racing, served as president of the Coney Island Jockey Club, the first turf racecourse in the United States, president of the Suburban Riding and Driving Club, and vice-president of the National Show Horse Association. They were also a member of the Union Club of the City of New York, the Metropolitan Club, and the Tuxedo Club.
Personal life
On April 23, 1867, Kip was married to Eva Lorillard (1847–1903), the daughter of Lorillard Tobacco Company heir Pierre Lorillard III. Them grandfather, Pierre Lorillard II, was a tobacco manufacturer and real estate tycoon, for whom the term "millionaire" was first used in America for their father's obituary in 1843. Eva was the sister of Pierre Lorillard IV; Catherine Lorillard Kernochan, who married James Powell Kernochan; Jacob Lorillard; Mary Lorillard Barbey; George Lyndes Lorillard; and Louis Lasher Lorillard, who married Katherine Livingston Beeckman, sister of Governor Robert Livingston Beeckman. Together, Eva and Lawrence were the parents of:
Eva Maria Kip (1868–1870), who died young.
Edith Kip (c. 1872–1949), who married Richard Stephen McCreery (1866–1938), son of Andrew McCreery, on April 18, 1894. they divorced in 1904, and they remarried to the Hon. Henry Thomas Coventry (1868-1934), son of George Coventry, 9th Earl of Coventry, on December 3, 1907. Their brother, the Hon. Charles Coventry, was also married to an American, Lily Whitehouse, the sister of diplomat Sheldon Whitehouse.
Lorillard Kip (1872–1896), who died unmarried of typhoid fever, aged 25.
Kip died on November 17, 1899 at their residence, 452 Fifth Avenue, in New York City after having been ill for nearly three weeks from "stomach trouble." Their funeral was held Grace Church in New York and they were buried at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York. In The New York Times write up of their funeral, it stated "There were society men, old and young; horsemen of more or less prominence, and roadhouse keepers. The number of women present was not especially large." After their death, their widow sold their Fifth Avenue home, took a camp in the Adirondaks, and died in poor health in 1903.
Descendants
Through their daughter Edith, they were the grandfather of four, including Lawrence B. McCreery and Lorillard Kip McCreery (d. 1926) from their first marriage, and Victor Henry Coventry (1909–1986), named after Henry's brother-in-law, Prince Victor Duleep Singh, and Cecil George Coventry (1911–1912), who died young, from their second marriage.
Published works
Army Life on the Pacific; A Journal of the Expedition Against the Northern Indians, the Tribes of the Coeur dÁlenes, Spokans, and Pelouzes, in the Summer of 1858, Redfield, Bedford, Massachusetts, (1859).
References
External links
1836 births
1899 deaths
United States Military Academy alumni
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Union Army colonels
American writers
Lawrence Kip
People included in New York Society's Four A Hundred
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Anatolie Golea (born Clocuşna) is a journalist from the Republic of Moldova. They were a founder of INFOTAG newsagency.
Awards
Order of the Republic (Moldova) - the highest state distinctions (2009)
References
External links
Oamenii de vază ai raionului Ocniţa
Living people
Moldovan journalists
Male journalists
People from Ocnița District
Recipients of the Order of the Republic (Moldova)
1965 births
Bengal Provincial Railway was a narrow-gauge railway from Tarakeswar to Magra, in Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The Bengal Provincial Railway opened in 1895 from Tarakeswar on the East Indian Railway to Magra, which was on the East Indian Railway broad gauge. Built by local interests, the line was long, until extended a further to Tribeni in 1904. The railway mostly used small locomotives. There also was a branch line from Dashghora to Jamalpur.
Closure
Increasing losses post World War 2 led to its closure in 1956.
References
2 ft 6 in gauge railways in India
Defunct railway companies of India
The Golf Association of Philadelphia is the oldest regional Golf Association in the United States. Better known as the GAP, the Golf Association of Philadelphia was founded in 1897 by members of Aronimink Golf Club, Merion Cricket Club, Philadelphia Country Club and Philadelphia Cricket Club. Its 150 member clubs are spread across Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware. The purpose of the association is simple: to preserve, protect and promote the game of golf.
History
1894 meeting
On December 22, 1894, delegates from five clubs – St. Andrews Golf Club, Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, Newport Golf Club, The Country Club (Brookline, Massachusetts), and Chicago Golf Club – met at the Calumet Club in Manhattan to form the Amateur Golf Association of the United States (subsequently to change its name, first to The American Golf Association, then to the United States Golf Association). Less than a month afterwards the Essex Country Club and the Philadelphia Country Club were elected to membership, the sixth and seventh on the roll.
GAP founded
A little more than two years later, the Golf Association of Philadelphia was founded. It was America's first regional golf association. Once again the Devon Golf Club served as a spur. For it was on this organization's course that the first interclub team match in the Philadelphia area was played. On Oct. 15, 1896 a team representing Philadelphia Cricket Club squared off against Devon's top players. The Cricket Club won 22 to 12. The occasion was so thoroughly enjoyable (even the losers had a grand time!) that the appeal of interclub matches on a broader scale was discussed and embraced. The obvious outgrowth of such thinking was the formation of an association of local golf clubs to organize and administer these competitions.
On Feb. 5, 1897, seven men gathered at the Market Street National Bank for the express purpose of founding the Golf Association of Philadelphia. Representing the Belmont Golf Association (soon to be reorganized into the Aronimink Golf Club) were Milton C. Work and Dr. Henry Toulmin. From Merion Cricket Club came Rodman E. Griscom and Walter E. Stephenson. Philadelphia Country Club's delegates were George D. Fowle and Isaac T. Starr. Samuel Y. Heebner alone represented Philadelphia Cricket Club, Alan H. Harris being unavoidably absent.
Objectives and membership
The objective of the fledgling association was simplicity itself: to promote interest in the game of golf and to regulate all competitions between member clubs. In order to join the Association, a club had to be formally organized, have at least nine holes of golf for its exclusive use, and belong to the United States Golf Association. At the outset four clubs - the four founding clubs - were named Associate Members of the Golf Association of Philadelphia. Most clubs which would follow were accepted into the association as Allied Members. The difference was significant: Associate Member clubs had the right to be represented at the annual meeting by two delegates, each with one vote. Allied Members, on the other hand, could send only one delegate to the meeting and they have no vote. Moreover, the Association's three officers - president, vice-president, and secretary-treasurer - could be elected from the rosters of Associate Member clubs. The same was true of the other two members of the Executive Committee.
The annual dues were $25 for Associate Member clubs, $10 for Allied Members, the bargain rate doubtless a reflection of the latter category's powerless position in the scheme of things. With the passing of the years, this distinction between the two classes of membership would blur and finally, with a revision of the by-laws, be eliminated.
First elections
At an organizational meeting two months later, on April 5, 1897, George D. Fowle, Philadelphia Country Club, was elected the first president of the Golf Association of Philadelphia. Dr. Henry Toulmin, Belmont, was elected vice president, and Alan Harris, of the Cricket Club, secretary-treasurer. Named to join these three on the then five-man Executive Committee (it would become a seven-member body in 1901) were Samuel Heebner, of the Cricket Club, and Louis A. Biddle, of the Country Club and Merion.
First matches
Once the officers and Executive Committee were in place, little time was lost in launching the first interclub team matches. That year the Association's four founding clubs each fielded two teams, six players per team, for a total of 48 players in the "league." Matches were played in both spring and fall. When the final tally for the year was in, Merion's 1st team and the Cricket Club's 2nd team were the winners. The only other competition in the Golf Association's first season was what was then called the Individual Championship Tournament, today known as the Philadelphia Amateur Championship.
GAP Team Matches
The GAP Team Matches, originally known as the Interclub Matches, served as the basis for the founding of the Association in 1897. Teams compete in a four-team sectional round-robin format (which equates to three matches in three weeks). A total of 12 players per team compete with six players staying home and six traveling to the opponent's club. Clubs are divided and placed in Divisions AA through F based on the previous year's results. Playoff and Challenges determined the top divisions' clubs. It is believed that the GAP Team Matches are the single-largest golfing team competition in the country.
Tournaments
The Golf Association of Philadelphia conducts over 60 tournaments annually from April to October. The schedule features events available for players of all ages (Junior, Amateur and Senior) and skill level (championship and handicap). It also includes the Association's four Majors: the Middle-Amateur Championship, Amateur Championship, Open Championship and Joseph H. Patterson Cup. At the season's conclusion, GAP awards “Player of the Year” honors on four levels: Amateur, Junior, Senior and Super-Senior. It also acknowledges a Junior Sportsman of the Year, Volunteer of the Year and Distinguished Service Award recipient.
References
External links
Golf in Pennsylvania
Sports in Philadelphia
Golf associations
Sports organizations established in 1897
1897 establishments in Pennsylvania
General Inspector of the Armed Forces () was an office created in the Second Polish Republic in 1926, after the May Coup.
The General Inspector reported directly to the President, and was not responsible to the Sejm (parliament) or the government. In the event of war, the General Inspector was to become the Commander-in-chief of the Polish Armed Forces.
Following the German invasion of Poland in 1939 and the post-war establishment of the Polish People's Republic, the position was retained by the Polish government-in-exile until 1980.
List of General Inspectors
† denotes people who died in office.
Second Polish Republic
Rydz-Śmigły went into exile on 18 September 1939, during the German invasion of Poland. Afterwards, all General Inspectors were in exile (and increasingly connected with educational activities such as cooperation with the London-based Polish Institute and Sikorski Museum).
Polish government-in-exile
Duch died on 9 October 1980. Afterwards, in place of the GISZ, a Military Council was created, led by gen. bryg. Klemens Rudnicki.
See also
Polish General Staff
Ministry of National Defence (Poland)
Captain general
Inspector general
Notes
1926 establishments in Poland
1980 disestablishments
Military history of Poland
Grotella pyronaea is a moth in the genus Grotella, of the family Noctuidae. It was first described by Herbert Druce in 1895. This species is found in North America, including Guerrero, Mexico, its type location.
References
Grotella
Moths described in 1895
Karl Joseph Leyser (24 October 1920 – 27 May 1992) was a German-born British historian who was Fellow and Tutor in History, Magdalen College, Oxford, from 1948 to 1984, and Chichele Professor of Medieval History at Oxford University, from 1984 to 1988.
Because they were Jewish, they escaped the Nazis before World War II. They were commissioned into the Black Watch in June 1944 and saw active service with the 7th Battalion in North-West Europe. They were married to Henrietta Leyser. Their daughter is the plant biologist Ottoline Leyser and their son the medievalist Conrad Leyser.
References
1920 births
1992 deaths
British medievalists
Fellows of the British Academy
20th-century British historians
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
Chichele Professors of Medieval History
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
Corresponding Fellows of the Medieval Academy of America
Black Watch officers
British Army personnel of World War II
A pandy is a Welsh name for a fulling mill, and may refer to:
Places in Wales
Pandy, Bryn-crug, a location in Gwynedd
Pandy, Dolgellau, a location in Gwynedd
Pandy, Llanuwchllyn, a location in Gwynedd
Pandy, Conwy, an electoral ward near Llanfairfechan, Conwy
Pandy Tudur, a village in Conwy
Pandy, Monmouthshire, a village near Abergavenny
Pandy, Powys, a village in Powys
Pandy, Ceiriog Valley, a village between Glyn Ceiriog and Llanarmon Dyffryn Ceiriog
Pandy, Gwersyllt, a village near Gresford and Wrexham
Pandy, Hanmer, a hamlet near Halghton, English Maelor, Wrexham
Other uses
András Pándy (1927-2013), Belgian-Hungarian serial killer
See also
Andy Pandy, a British children's television series
Pandya dynasty, ancient Indian dynasty of southern India
Pandya (surname), Indian surname
Varsity Theater or Varsity Theatre may refer to:
Varsity Theater in Dinkytown, Minneapolis, Minnesota
Varsity Theatre (Martin, Tennessee)
The Blue Note (Columbia, Missouri), formerly called Varsity Theatre
Varsity Theatre (Palo Alto)
See also
Varsity (disambiguation)
Sir Robert Kitchen (alt. Kytchen) was Alderman of Bristol. They died on 19 June 1594. They gifted one of the four bronze 'nails' (merchants' counting tables) to The Exchange in Bristol.
References
1594 deaths
Businesspeople from Bristol
16th-century English nobility
Nasser Garten or Nassengarten was a quarter of Königsberg, Germany, located southwest of the city center. Its territory is now part of the Moskovsky District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
The name Nasser Garten name means "wet garden" in German, referring to the watered area it was located in south of the river Pregel. The Königsberg district Ponarth had a similar etymology.
Nasser Garten originally belonged to the village of Haberberg and was documented by Caspar Hennenberger in 1595. In 1626 it was divided by the construction of Königsberg's Baroque city walls. The eastern section within the walls (Alter Nasser Garten) became known as Alter Garten (old garden), while the western unwalled section (Neuer Nasser Garten) was referred to as simply Nasser Garten. In 1648 Caspar Stein referred to the village as In den Sandgraben.
The Brandenburg Gate was the portal between the walled city and Nasser Garten. At the village's western edge was the Nassengärter Gate, where Akzise taxes (octroi) were collected until the 19th century. Nasser Garten was inhabited by peasants operating small vegetable farms and living in mostly single level neoclassical houses. The main roads in the village were Berliner Straße, which contained the cemetery of Haberberg Church, and the eponymous road Nasser Garten. The village came under the administration of Kneiphof in 1743.
The Prussian general Ernst von Rüchel was criticized for ordering Königsberg's garrison to burn parts of Nasser Garten as French troops approached the city during the War of the Fourth Coalition. A skirmish between French and Prussian troops was fought near the Freudenkrug inn and the Nassengärter Gate on 14 June 1807; the inn was subsequently honored. By the end of the 19th century, the Nassengärter Gate was decorated with two brick columns; its hip roofed guardhouse was one of the oldest in Königsberg. The majority of the Fuß-Artillerie-Regiment Nr 1 (von Linger) was barracked along Karlstraße, with the remainder based near the Friedland Gate.
Nasser Garten was separated from the Pregel meadows by a levee known alternately as the Poetensteig, Nassengärter Damm, and Poeten-Damm. It is disputed whether the levee was named after the poet Simon Dach. The area north of the levee would often flood in springtime and have to be drained by post mills propelled by horses; Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz described the process in their Königsberg Skizzen. The levee had to be rebuilt after a flood on 12 February 1894.
By the 20th century Nasser Garten was bordered by Contienen to the west, the industrial harbors on the Pregel to the north, Haberberg to the east, the central train station to the southeast, and the Vorstädtische Wiesen meadowland to the south. Beyond the meadows was Ponarth. Nasser Garten lost much of its farmland during the construction of Königsberg's modern harbors in the 1920s.
Notes
References
Karl, G. (1924). Geschichtliches Straßenverzeichnis der Stadt Königsberg in Preußen. Einleitung und Ergänzungen bis 1941 von Peter Wörster. Königsberg Pr.: Verlag der Königsberger Allgemeinen Zeitung und Verlagsdruckerei. pp. 176. Reprinted by Verein für Familienforschung in Ost- und Westpreußen e.V. Nr. 4. Hamburg, 1992.
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Populated places established in 1595
Corey J. Hodges (born December 14, 1970 in St. Petersburg, Florida) is an American preacher and the chaplain for the NBA Utah Jazz professional basketball team. They were a columnist for The Salt Lake Tribune faith section for five years. They were also a regular host of the television program This week in the Word which aired weekly on Utah's KTMW.
Biography
Hodges is currently the pastor of The Point Church, a Multicultural Christian Community in Salt Lake City, Utah. that has membership from over 40 different nations and holds weekly services in both English and Spanish. Their church is affiliated with both the National Baptist Convention, USA, Inc. and the Southern Baptist Convention. Hodges is the first Vice-President of the Utah Idaho Southern Baptist Convention, and they served six years as the president of the Intermountain General Baptist Convention Inc., which covers three states: Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming.
Hodges is a member of the Utah State Ethics Commission, appointed by Utah Governor Gary Herbert (the Commission investigates ethics allegations against officials in any political subdivision in the state). Hodges chairs the Salt Lake County's Council on Diversity Affairs (CODA). In 2006, Hodges was appointed to serve on the Initiative on Utah Children in Foster Care (IOU) board by Utah Supreme Court Chief Justice Christine M. Durham. They previously served on the Governor's Olene Walker Board of Economic Development.
Hodges is a 2006 recipient of the Community of Peace Award given to outstanding citizens who model peace and make a personal commitment towards making Salt Lake County a community of peace. In 2009, they received the City of Taylorsville, Utah citizen's award and in 2010, Utah Governor Gary Herbert presented them with an award for their outstanding service to the Utah community. Pastor Hodges is also the 2010 recipient of the NAACP Salt Lake Branch Albert B. Fritz Civil Rights/Humanitarian Worker of the Year Award.  They are the founder of the New Pilgrim School of Fine Arts.
On July 14, 2007 Hodges wrote a column for The Salt Lake Tribune titled, "Women face many difficulties leaving abusive spouses," in which they stated that Fox News Channel commentator Bill O'Reilly blamed Nancy Benoit and Jessie Davis for their deaths. O'Reilly retorted by calling Hodges' claim an "outrageous lie" on the July 16 O'Reilly Factor "Most Ridiculous Item of the Day." Hodges responded with another column in the Salt Lake Tribune on July 21 titled, "Perhaps I misunderstood O'Reilly's comments about murders," in which they argued that their statements were "probably more accurately characterized as a misinterpretation rather than a lie." On their July 23 show, O'Reilly again said that Hodges statements were a "flat out lie."
Hodges holds an associates and bachelor's degree in Business Administration and Marketing and a Masters of Arts in Divinity from Regent University in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
External links
The Point Church
1970 births
African-American Baptist ministers
Baptist ministers from the United States
Living people
Southern Baptist ministers
Writers from St. Petersburg, Florida
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Michael Bauer may refer to:
Michael Bauer (artist) (born 1973), German artist
Michael Gerard Bauer (born 1955), Australian author
Michael Bauer (basketball) (born 1980), American basketball player
Mike Bauer (born 1959), American tennis player
Michael Bauer (officer) (1895–1943), German officer
Michael Bauer, a character in Fashion House
Michael W. Bauer (born 1969), German political scientist
The Eastside Union School District is a school district that serves the eastern part of the city of Lancaster, California (USA).
The Eastside Union School District has approximately 3,500 students enrolled in four elementary schools and one junior high school.
The Eastside Union School District is only serving Transitional Kindergarten through the 8th grade. All public high school level education (9th12th grades) in the metropolitan area is provided by the Antelope Valley Union High School District.
List of schools
Elementary schools
Columbia Elementary School
Eastside Elementary School
Tierra Bonita Elementary School
Enterprise Elementary School
Junior high schools
Gifford C. Cole Middle School
See also
List of school districts in California
Lancaster School District
Westside Union School District
References
External links
Education in Lancaster, California
School districts in Los Angeles County, California
Leo Carter (born 10 December 1994) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for Canterbury.  They are the son of former Canterbury and Northamptonshire batsman, and current White Ferns coach, Bob Carter.
Career
They were part of New Zealand's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In June 2018, they were awarded a contract with Canterbury for the 2018–19 season. On 5 January 2020, in the 2019–20 Super Smash match between Canterbury and Northern Districts, Carter hit six sixes in one over off the bowling of Anton Devcich. They were the fourth batsman to do this in a Twenty20 match, and the first New Zealand cricketer.
In February 2020, in the match against Wellington in the 2019–20 Plunket Shield season, Carter scored their maiden double century in first-class cricket, finishing with an unbeaten 226. In June 2020, they were offered a contract by Canterbury ahead of the 2020–21 domestic cricket season, and in November 2020, they were named as the captain of Canterbury ahead of their 2020–21 Ford Trophy campaign.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
New Zealand people of English descent
New Zealand cricketers
Canterbury cricketers
Cricketers from Wellington City
Redouane Aouachria (born 10 November 1969) is an Algerian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Algerian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Algeria
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
21st-century Algerian people
Clement John ("Jack") De Garis (22 November 188417 August 1926) was an Australian entrepreneur and aviator. They worked in the dried fruits industry in the Sunraysia area around Mildura in the early 20th century, and was noted for their vibrant personality and colourful marketing style.
Early years
Clement John De Garis was the son of Elisha or Elizee De Garis, a noted irrigationist, and the younger brother of Mary De Garis, a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery who served as a Chief Medical Officer of a field hospital in Serbia during World War I. They went to Mildura State School where they were described as an above-average student. However, they left at the age of nine to work in their father's businesses in Mildura. They returned to school for their secondary education at their father's urging, boarding at Wesley College, Melbourne from 1899 to 1901, where they rose to become dux of their class.
Described as being short in stature, they capitalised on an affectionate smile and a magnetic personality. They excelled in school cricket and football, in which, despite their size, being only tall and weighing only , they confounded opposition players and coaches.
Career
De Garis' father had established a successful market garden business in Mildura from about 1885. In 1908 the day-to-day business was left to C. J., and Elisha moved to Melbourne establish a selling agency for the business. C. J. was just 17, but had a strong self-belief and effervescent charm. Theatrical entrepreneur Claude Kingston described them as the 'prince of ballyhoo'.
De Garis expanded the business rapidly, and in 1910 borrowed heavily to establish a packing shed, Sarnia Packing Pty Ltd, which later became part of the Sunbeam Foods Group. In 1913 they borrowed again to purchase the Pyap Village Estate at Pyap, near Loxton in South Australia. The estate was moderately successful as a farm produce settlement, but in 1921 it was broken up and sold to fund De Garis's Kendenup venture. £23,000 was raised from the sale.
In 1919, a shortage of shipping space hit the dried fruits industry which was, at that time, highly dependent on British markets. Realising their ability to market, the Australian Dried Fruits Association funded De Garis to undertake an Australia-wide publicity campaign to increase domestic consumption. They also expanded into book publishing, as well as producing the Sunraysia Daily newspaper in Mildura, which employed nearly 100 staff.
Also in 1919, De Garis exposed a con-man, with a 'rank but not-too-well-sustained American accent', named George Henry Cochrane. Cochrane wrote for The Bulletin as "Grant Hervey", and had recently been released from prison for forgery and uttering. Cochrane emerged in Mildura and presented themselves to two thousand Mildura citizens, selling the idea that western Victoria, including Mildura, should secede from Victoria. They started receiving £5 subscriptions before De Garis revealed their true identity and criminal record.
As part of their dried-fruits marketing De Garis travelled to Western Australia where, in 1920, they purchased the property of the Hassell family at Kendenup, for the purpose of building a new settlement to grow apples, potatoes and farm produce. They subdivided the land into blocks ranging from to , and set up the De Garis Kendenup (W.A.) Development Company, and the Kendenup Fruit Packing Company, which ran a dehydrating factory to process vegetables and fruit grown by the 350 settlers who they had encouraged into the area. In December 1921, De Garis and their family were living there, and the enterprise was under way, with a townsite being established. However the settlement eventually foundered. It had insufficient capital and the lot sizes were uneconomically small. De Garis travelled to the United States to raise urgently needed capital, which was promised but was never forthcoming. After two years, only 30 settlers remained.
The collapse of the settlement was the subject of a 1923 Western Australian Royal Commission into Kendenup land schemes, in which fraud had been alleged. De Garis was eventually cleared of any charges.
Artistic endeavours
De Garis wrote a four-act military drama Ambition Run Mad, which was published both as a booklet and in serial form, in the Murray Pioneer newspaper in 1915.
As part of their publicity campaign for the Australian Dried Fruits Association, De Garis engaged the services of popular composer Reginald Stoneham to put tunes to promotional lyrics they had written. The resulting Sun-Raysed Waltz was published as sheet music. They and Stoneham then worked on an ambitious "mystery" musical comedy F.F.F., which had a short but successful season for Hugh D. McIntosh's Tivoli theatres in Adelaide, Perth and Melbourne in late 1920.
Aviation
De Garis described themselves as an aviator, and they owned several aeroplanes, but the reality was that they employed pilots to ferry them between Australian cities to carry on their business interests. Nevertheless, in an era of pioneer aviation, their intense involvement was considered relatively dangerous, and at one stage they were asked by investors to refrain from use of aeroplanes for transport.
With their pilots, De Garis set several interstate flying records. Their first plane, which they acquired in June 1920, was a Boulton Paul P.9, and was flown by pilot Lieutenant A.L. Lang (AFC). Later in 1920, after the P.9 had crashed, De Garis purchased a Sopwith Gnu for £1,800. In July 1920 they employed Lieutenant Francis Stewart Briggs as their permanent pilot. They also purchased an Airco DH.4.
De Garis's first major interstate flight was in the DH.4 from Melbourne to Perth, the first time Australia had been crossed by air from east to west, a distance of . The plane landed at Belmont Park Racecourse on 2 December 1920, after 19 hours 10 minutes. One stretch of was done in 8¾ hours. De Garis, Briggs and their mechanic, Sergeant Stoward, were given a mayoral reception on their arrival in Perth. On 14 December they flew from Perth to Sydney, a distance of in a time of 21½ hours.
Another notable flight was from Mildura to Sydney (5½ hours) and on to Brisbane (4 hours 50 minutes), in January 1921. Then, on 16 January, they set off on a one-day flight from Brisbane to Melbourne, leaving at 6:15 am and reaching their destination at 7:20 pm, a flying time of 10½ hours. Stopovers were made in Grafton, Sydney and Cootamundra.
Decline
The Kendenup collapse coincided with a number of other financial failures within their empire. With mounting debts, they disappeared, leaving their car at Mentone and having apparently drowned in Port Phillip on 5 January 1925. They had written almost seventy farewell letters. Their letter to Stoneham read:
"You will have the papers by now, and will have seen what has become of me. The strain has been too long and too strong, and I have cracked up under it. I hope, however, for the sake of dear Vy that my new song "Moonoloo", turns out a winner, for they will need to get every penny they can. Think as pleasantly as you can of me, who came nearer to being a big success than people think; and who consequently became the greatest failure. Regards and regrets.–De Garis."
Suspicions that De Garis was still alive soon surfaced and they became the subject of an eight-day nationwide search. They were apprehended the following week after arriving in Auckland, New Zealand, on the .
On 17 August 1926, with debts of £420,000, De Garis committed suicide by gassing themselves at their Mornington home. Shortly before they died, an autobiographical novel victory of Failure: A Business Romance (1925) was published in which they described their life and business career in great detail in the guise of "K.J. Rogers".
De Garis married Rene (née Corbould) in September 1907; they had three daughters, and divorced in May 1923. The following month they married their former private secretary Violet (née Austin), with whom they had one daughter. De Garis is buried at Brighton Cemetery in Melbourne.
References
Further reading
Dunstan, K., Ratbags (1980).
Melbourne Punch 15 January 1925.
The Age 18 & 19 August 1926.
The Argus 18 August 1926.
The Herald 13 & 14 January 1925, 17 & 19 August 1926.
People from Mildura
1884 births
1926 suicides
Australian aviators
Suicides by gas
Suicides in Victoria (Australia)
People who faked their own death
20th-century Australian businesspeople
"How Could You Babe" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Tobias Jesso Jr., from their debut studio album, Goon. The song was released as a single on January 20, 2015. Rolling Stone named it one of 10 best songs of 2015.
Track listing
Reception
"How Could You Babe" received very positive reviews from contemporary music critics. The song was chosen upon release as Pitchfork Media's "Best New Track". Jeremy Gordon stated that, "The first time I listened to Tobias Jesso Jr.'s "How Could You Babe", I heard police sirens and thought they were coming from the song. Then, I hit pause and realized that was real life. But I was ready to be fooled, because it's not only Hollywood that Jesso sings about in the few songs we've heard ahead of their debut album, Goon. It's the city, vast and stupid, the bright lights and big dreams inside every window holding a story that might sound maudlin if you tried to explain. Well, Jesso isn't afraid to be maudlin." Gordon continues by saying, "There are lyrics to "How Could You Babe", but it's really pretext for Jesso to howl the title over and over again, their strangled lament perorating to something beyond words—another broken heart in the city trying to figure out where it all went wrong."
References
External links
2015 singles
2015 songs
William S. Busby is a retired United States Air Force major general. Prior to retirement they served as the mobilization assistant to the deputy commander, United States Strategic Command.
Military career
Busby was commissioned in 1974 after graduating from the North Carolina State University with a Bachelor of Science. They commanded the 149th Fighter Squadron, Virginia Air National Guard; the 455th Expeditionary Operations Group, Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan; and the Virginia Air National Guard, Joint Force Headquarters, Richmond. Busby served on two major command staffs as well as the Joint Staff of the Virginia National Guard.
Busby is a graduate of the College of William and Mary (Master of Business Administration, 1984), Air Command and Staff College (1996), Air War College (1999), and the Joint Forces Staff College (2008).  They are a recipient of the Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Medal, Aerial Achievement Medal, Air Force Commendation Medal, and Air Force Achievement Medal.
Assignments
October 1974 – October 1975, student, undergraduate pilot training, Craig Air Force Base, Alabama
October 1975 – August 1976, student, F-4 Operational Training Course, 56th Tactical Fighter Wing, MacDill Air Force Base, Florida
August 1976 – January 1978, aircraft commander, F-4E, 59th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida
January 1978 – April 1978, student, Patrick Air Force Base, Florida
May 1978 – February 1981, forward air controller, OV-10,704th Tactical Air Support Squadron, United States Air Forces in Europe, Sembach Air Base, Germany
February 1983 – September 1983, student, 162nd Tactical fighter Group
September 1983 – September 1991, pilot, A-7D, 149th Tactical Fighter Squadron
September 1991 – June 1995, pilot, F-16C, 149th Fighter Squadron
July 1995 – June 1996, flight commander of 149th Fighter Squadron
July 1996 – November 1998, operations officer, 149th Fighter Squadron, Virginia Air National Guard
December 1998 – November 2000, commander of 149th Fighter Squadron, Virginia Air National Guard
December 2000 – August 2002, vice commander of 192nd Fighter Wing, Virginia Air National Guard
August 2002 – August 2004, director of operations, Joint Force Headquarters, Virginia Air National Guard. Also served – May 2003 – Sep 2003, commander of 455th Expeditionary Operations Group, Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan.
August 2004 – November 2005, chief of staff, Virginia Air National Guard
November 2005 – July 2006, assistant adjutant general for air, Virginia Air National Guard
July 2006 – January 2007, chief of staff, Virginia Air National Guard
January 2007 – May 2008, assistant adjutant general for air, Virginia Air National Guard. Also served – April 2007 – May 2008 assistant to the assistant secretary of the Air Force, Manpower and Reserve Affairs, the Pentagon, Washington, District of Columbia
May 2008 – May 2012, mobilization assistant to the deputy commander of United States Strategic Command, Offutt Air Force Base
References
Major General William S. Busby, III at U.S. Air Force
Living people
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Air Force generals
United States Air Force personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Aneta Grosu (born 24 September 1957, Drochia, Moldova) is a journalist from the Republic of Moldova.  They are the editor-in-chief of the investigative newspaper Ziarul de Gardă since its appearance.  They are a leader of the Democratic Forum of Romanians in Moldova.
Biography
In 1979, they graduated from the State University of Moldova, the Faculty of Philology, the journalistic section, being a disciple of the professors T. Colac, S. Nucă, E. Ciornîi and others.
After graduating from the faculty, they started their journalistic activity at the "Actualities" section of the Moldovan State Television (TVM, now Teleradio Moldova), where they worked for over 15 years. From 1994 to 1996, they were at the “Catalan” television studio. In 1996, the FLUX press group employed them as a reporter. From both televisions, they were dismissed for political reasons: in 1994, from TVM in 1994 shortly after the parliamentary victory of the Democratic Agrarian Party and in 1996, from Catalan TV, again within the elections.
In 1993, Aneta had a professional course at the Television of Orlando, Florida, USA. Two years later, they participated in the International Conflict Meeting in Nitra, Slovakia, and in 1997, attended the symposium "Media in the Presidential Election" in Bucharest.
 They are the winner of the first International Festival of Independent Television Studios (Košice, Slovakia) and the first International Journalism Festival in Yalta. In 1996, they participated in the "Media Fest" Festival in Costinesti, România. In 2009, along with a number of other journalists, they were awarded the Order of the Republic "in a sign of high appreciation of the special merits in asserting the freedom of expression, for substantial contribution to the process of national rebirth and promotion of democracy and general human values". In 2014, decorated by Romanian President Traian Basescu with the National Order "For Merit" as Officer Degree.
Since 1983, they are a member of the Moldova Union of Journalists. They were chairperson of the Independent Journalists Association "V.I.P.". In 2004, along with Alina Radu, set up "Ziarul de Gardă" investigative weekly publication. Currently, they are the editor and editor-in-chief of this publication.
Awards and honors
Order of the Republic (Moldova) - the highest state distinctions (2009)
References
External links
Ziarul de Gardă
Ziarul de Gardă
1957 births
Living people
Moldovan journalists
Moldovan women journalists
Writers from Chișinău
Recipients of the Order of the Republic (Moldova)
William William Van Wyck (August 9, 1777 – August 27, 1840) was an American politician from New York.
Life
Born near Fishkill, New York, Van Wyck attended the public schools and Fishkill Academy.
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Van Wyck was elected as a Democratic-Republican to the 17th and 18th United States Congresses, holding office from December 3, 1821, to March 3, 1825. They were Chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department (18th Congress).
They removed to Sudley, Virginia, and engaged in planting. They returned to Dutchess County, New York, and died in Fishkill. They were buried at the Dutch Reformed Churchyard.
References
1777 births
1840 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
People from Fishkill, New York
People from Prince William County, Virginia
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Van Wyck family
Alexander Canterell Johnson (born February 8, 1983) is a former American professional basketball player who played two seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They played the power forward position.
High school/College
Johnson attended Dougherty Comprehensive High School in Albany, Georgia and played collegiately at Florida State for three seasons. A tough, athletic inside player with a vertical leap, they averaged 13.2 points, 7.4 rebounds and 1.0 block per game for the Seminoles during the 2005–06 season, theirs last.
NBA career
Johnson was selected by the Indiana Pacers 45th overall in the 2006 NBA Draft, after declaring for the draft in their junior season. Their draft rights were traded to the Portland Trail Blazers and subsequently the Memphis Grizzlies on draft day. They played in 59 games during the 2006–07 season for the Grizzlies, averaging 4.4 points and 3.1 rebounds per game.
On August 24, 2007, Johnson signed with the Miami Heat and appeared in 43 games (six starts) for Miami during the campaign, averaging 4.2 points and 2.2 rebounds, in 12.8 minutes per game.
On June 23, 2008, the Miami Heat announced that they had requested waivers on Johnson. Two months later, they signed with Brose Baskets of Bamberg, Germany.
Johnson later played for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA D-League.
CBA career
In 2012, they signed with the Liaoning Hengye Jaguars of China. In the team's second game of the 2012–13 CBA season, Johnson tallied a double-double by scoring 23 points and grabbing 11 rebounds. They continued their form by tallying another double-double (21 points, 10 rebounds) in a road loss to the Shandong Lions.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Memphis
| 59 || 19 || 12.8 || .538 || .000 || .661 || 3.1 || .3 || .4 || .6 || 4.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Miami
| 43 || 6 || 12.8 || .488 || .000 || .687 || 2.2 || .3 || .3 || .2 || 4.2
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 102 || 25 || 12.8 || .517 || .000 || .672 || 2.7 || .3 || .4 || .4 || 4.3
Notes
External links
2006 NBA Draft profile
Florida State profile
1983 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Brose Bamberg players
Florida State Seminoles men's basketball players
Indiana Pacers draft picks
Liaoning Flying Leopards players
Memphis Grizzlies players
Miami Heat players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
Seoul SK Knights players
Shanxi Loongs players
Shenzhen Leopards players
Sioux Falls Skyforce players
Sportspeople from Albany, Georgia
Dentistry developed during the early parts of Roman history, possibly due to the arrival of a Greek doctor named Archagathus. Ancient Roman oral surgical tools included the dental drill, chisels, bone levers, tooth and stump forceps. The ancient Romans invented the usage of narcotics during dental surgery. These tools were used to treat conditions such as toothache and to extract teeth. It was believed in ancient Rome that the cause of the conditions that necessitated such treatment was a "toothworm."
History
According to Pliny the Elder for much of Roman history they lived without a medical community. During this time medicine was confined to popular homemade remedies rather than professional trained doctors. The profession of medicine was introduced to the Romans by the Greek doctor Archagathus, who traveled to Rome and established themselves as a physician. Eventually they garnered a reputation for violent use of steel and fire costing them their reputation and granting them the title of "butcher." Archaeological and historical evidence disputes this narrative. The Twelve Tables, which was the set of legislation forming the basis of Roman law, make mention of teeth laden with gold, implying that dentistry had been practiced at this point in history. Other evidence includes the finding of prosthetic materials designed to treat dental and oral health conditions in Roman cities such as Teano. Despite this, historians and archaeologists are inconclusive on this matter.
Cosmetic dentistry
The ancient Romans whitened their teeth using toothpaste made from human urine and goat milk. Dental bridges and crowns were developed in ancient Rome in 500 BCE. This form of dentistry was a craft the Etruscans were skilled at. This civilization developed the first "true" dental bridges. Roman dental bridges were commonly made of bone or ivory, and were in high demand during the Roman Republic. Ancient Roman dentists also used dental implants made of gold.
Tooth
Toothaches
Treatments for toothaches were popular and widely desired due to the intense pain and dental decay this condition caused. In their work Natural History, Pliny the Elder discussed therapies for tooth pain. They wrote that a patient could pour the remedy into their ear. Some medication was supposed to be poured into the ear on the same side of the head as the toothache, others were supposed to be poured in on the opposite side. Some treatments included the inhalation of wild mint, the use of hare bones to incise the gums, wearing bones covered with feces, and gargling the ash of deer horns. Another treatment included catching a frog in moonlight and spitting into its mouth, then commanding the frog to leave and carry the toothache with it. Roman doctors believed that toothaches were caused by a "toothworm."
Tooth extraction
It is unclear which Roman profession or professions would have performed dentistry. There may have been medical specialists trained to perform dental procedures, it is also possible that dentistry was practiced as a subset of other professions, such as barbery. Tooth extraction is an oral surgical procedure conducted for the purpose of removing teeth. In ancient Rome, it may have been practiced by specialists who were not associated with any other medical professionals in ancient Rome. This practice required teeth to be extracted softly, in order to avert the danger involved. This danger also resulted in the practice becoming rare. Ancient literature describes another process dedicated to extracting teeth. In this process, the tooth would be grabbed and rocked until it could be removed with hands. Another practice involved cutting the gum and bone surround a tooth, and then extracting. Celsus, a Roman doctor recommended that physicians should also extract the bone near the teeth, and that they should refuse to extract children's teeth unless they were preventing adult teeth from growing.
Others
Ancient Roman medical writers believed that teeth could become loose due to root weakness or a gum disease. They would treat this by cauterizing the gums, then covering it in honey swilled with mead. Afterwards medication was placed on the teeth. If the tooth became painful it would be extracted. This procedure would be conducted by "scraping" the tooth in "round order" then shaking the tooth until it could be safely removed.
Cleft lip and palate
Celsus described treatments for the medical condition known as cleft lip and palate. They wrote that applying a suture and abrasions to the lips was Celsus' suggested method of treating small defects. Larger and more problematic defects were treated using surgical procedure known as flaps. Galen, another Roman doctor likely described either coloboma or facial cleft. To treat this condition they recommended scarifying the skin and unifying the disparate parts of the skin, removing callouses, and then finishing the procedure through sewing and glue. It was believed that a healthy palate was necessary for proper speech. The ancient Romans also killed children with cleft lips, due to the belief that they were possessed by evil spirits.
References
Ancient Roman medicine
History of dentistry
Farm To Market Road 1905 (FM 1905) is a farm-to-market road in the U.S. state of Texas, maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation. The entire route is in the town of Anthony, which is located across the state line from New Mexico. It is the first road with which Interstate 10 has an interchange after entering Texas from New Mexico. FM 1905 begins at the state border as a continuation of NM 225, and ends at Interstate 10 in Anthony. A short segment is concurrent with SH 20. The FM 1905 designation was first assigned in 1951, and was extended to its current route in 1969.
History
FM 1905 was assigned on November 20, 1951 from the state line to U.S. Highway 80 (now State Highway 20). As the route was extended, stretching for to its current route in October 31, 1958.
Route description
FM 1905 begins at the New Mexico state line, as a continuation of NM 225 in Anthony, New Mexico. The road, known as West Washington Street, parallels the state line as it heads eastward towards downtown Anthony. There are intersections with local roads before FM 1905 intersects SH 20 after . The two routes run concurrently along South Main Street for about before FM 1905 continues eastward again, now heading towards IH 10 on Franklin Street. FM 1905 passes by a city-maintainted park complex before leaving downtown Anthony. It becomes known as Antonio Street as it enters the outskirts of Anthony, where it intersects with Spur 6 before coming to an end at exit 0 of IH 10.
Major intersections
See also
List of Farm to Market Roads in Trans-Pecos Texas
References
External links
1905
Transportation in El Paso County, Texas
Radway is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Thorhild County. It is located southeast of Highway 28, approximately northeast of Fort Saskatchewan and northeast of Edmonton.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Radway had a population of 231 living in 90 of its 100 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 171. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Radway had a population of 171 living in 69 of its 82 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 162. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
Krause Milling Co.
List of communities in Alberta
List of former urban municipalities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Designated places in Alberta
Former villages in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Populated places disestablished in 1996
Thorhild County
Aleksandr Ivanovich Maksimenkov (; 17 August 1952 – 7 September 2012) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach.
International career
Maksimenkov made their debut for USSR on 20 March 1977, scoring in a friendly match against Tunisia. They played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifiers and in one UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier (the USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either).
Honours
Soviet Top League winner, spring 1976
Soviet Cup winner, 1977
References
External links
Profile
1952 births
2012 deaths
People from Pochinok
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
Russian football managers
Association football midfielders
FC Iskra Smolensk players
Russian expatriate football managers
Sportspeople from Smolensk Oblast
Tina Mulally is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from the 35th district. Elected in 2018, Mullaly assumed office in 2019.
Background
Mullaly is a resident of Rapid City, South Dakota, where they operate a small business. In 2020, Mullaly was selected to serve on the Mental Health of First Responders Task Force. Mulally is a member of the Republican Party.
References
Living people
South Dakota Republicans
Members of the South Dakota House of Representatives
Politicians from Rapid City, South Dakota
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in South Dakota
The fire-tailed myzornis (Myzornis pyrrhoura) is a bird species. Its genus Myzornis is monotypic, and has recently been placed in the family Paradoxornithidae.
Description
The fire-tailed myzornis is a small species of warbler, long and weighing . It has bright green plumage with a black mask around the eyes and black scalloping on the . The wing is black and white with a streak of bright red and the sides of the tail are red too. The bill is long, slightly curved and black.
Distribution and habitat
The species is found in Bhutan, China, India, Myanmar, and Nepal. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is a common species in the upper ridges of the Sikkim and Arunachal Himalayas; mostly between 9,000 ft and 13,000 ft according to climatic conditions and seasonal variation. It prefers bamboo thickets, Rhododendron shrubs, birches, and junipers. There is some seasonal movement, the bird descending to lower altitudes in autumn.
Ecology
The fire-tailed myzornis feeds on insects, spiders and small arthropods, as well as consuming fruit, nectar and sap from trees. In India and Nepal the breeding season is April to June, but the season may be longer in Bhutan, as juveniles have been observed in mid-September.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Image and Classification at Animal Diversity Web
fire-tailed myzornis
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Tibet
Birds of Yunnan
fire-tailed myzornis
fire-tailed myzornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The purple-breasted sunbird (Nectarinia purpureiventris) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
References
purple-breasted sunbird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
purple-breasted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Quick count is a method for verification of election results by projecting them from a sample of the polling stations.
The similar Parallel Vote Tabulation (PVT) is an election observation methodology that is typically based on a representative random sample of polling stations and is employed for independent verification (or challenge) of election results. A PVT involves observation of the administration of the election, the process of voting and of counting of ballots at the polling stations, collection of official polling station results and independent tabulation of these results, parallel to election authorities.
Origin
Organizers from the Philippine National Citizen Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL) are widely recognized as the pioneers of the quick count, or parallel vote tabulation (PVT) for emerging democracies. During a 1986 Presidential election, NAMFREL attempted to mirror the official count of all 90,000 polling stations. They performed a remarkable task in collecting data from the majority of polling stations, providing evidence to help uncover the massive vote counting fraud attempted by Marcos supporters.
Methodology
Sample-based election observation such as the PVT is grounded in statistics, namely the central limit theorem and the law of large numbers. When a group of observers has access to an official list of polling units (provided by the government or independent election commission), they can deploy a representative random sample of observers from their organization (or election-monitoring coalition of organizations) to polling stations who observe the process of the election and the posted vote count at each polling unit. Following the voting period, observers then transmit the information that they collect back to a central data center for analysis. This data can then be used to make independent and statistically-backed estimates of the vote-share per party or candidate, election turnout and conduct and administration of the election by the election management body.
The approach is described in detail in the National Democratic Institute (NDI)'s The Quick Count and Election Observation. It is also briefly described in section 10B of the Handbook for Domestic Election Observers, published by the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), which is part of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
Use
Elections in Indonesia prominently feature quick count procedures, and they are considered more credible than projections by exit polls, or surveys. Elections in Mexico also feature quick count procedures. Elections in Bolivia have both quick counts and traditional counting procedures.
Examples
Nigeria 2019 Elections
The nonprofit YIAGA Africa used PVT to verify the Presidential vote on 23 February 2019. It sent observers but did not use PVT for the state elections on 9 March 2019.
Zimbabwe 2008 Election
The disputed Zimbabwean election held in March 2008, is another example where parallel vote tabulation played a significant (if not conclusive) role in the outcome. Following a concession gained by then President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa in the much-maligned process of "quiet diplomacy", the results at individual polling stations were displayed on the outside. MDC supporters took pictures, often with camera phones, and sent these to a central location (in Johannesburg), where the results were tabulated.
The MDC claimed as a consequence of this process that their candidate, Morgan Tsvangirai, had polled 50.3% of the vote, and that they were thus the outright winner of the election. A six-week hiatus followed, in which no new results were officially released by the Zimbabwean election authority. At the end of the process, it was announced that Mr. Tsvangirai had secured 48.6% of the votes, and that a run-off election would follow.
Although no clear outcome was gained in that election, the parallel vote tabulation played a significant role in preventing outright electoral fraud.
References
External links
The Quick Count and Election Observation, An NDI Guide for Civic Organizations and Political Parties
}
Elections
Mohamed Al-Qassar is a Kuwaiti handball player. They competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
Living people
Handball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Kuwaiti male handball players
Olympic handball players of Kuwait
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mihai Bravu is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Mihai Bravu (formerly Camber), Satu Nou and Turda (formerly Armutlia).
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
The 2011 Sporting Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the tenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour and the Tretorn SERIE+ series. It took place in Turin, Italy between June 26 and July 3, 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of June 20, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Andrea Arnaboldi
Alessandro Giannessi
Stefano Travaglia
Matteo Trevisan
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Alberto Brizzi
Marco Crugnola
Stefano Galvani
Dušan Lajović
Champions
Singles
Carlos Berlocq def. Albert Ramos, 6–4, 6–3
Doubles
Martin Fischer / Philipp Oswald def. Uladzimir Ignatik / Martin Kližan, 6–3, 6–4
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
References
Sporting Challenger
Sporting Challenger
Clay court tennis tournaments
Sporting Challenger
Sporting Challenger
Sporting Challenger
Made in L.A. is a 2007 documentary film that tells the story of three Latina immigrants as they wage a battle against their employer, a Los Angeles garment factory. After years of domestic abuse and meager salaries, Lupe Hernandez, Maura Colorado, and María Pineda join together in their struggle for self-empowerment and negotiated working conditions.
Made in L.A. was written, directed, and produced by Almudena Carracedo and was aired as part of PBS's Point of View documentary series.
References
External links
P.O.V. Made in L.A. - PBS's site dedicated to the film
Made in L.A. - Official Website
2007 films
2007 documentary films
POV (TV series) films
Documentary films about immigration to the United States
Documentary films about labor relations in the United States
American documentary films
Documentary films about Los Angeles
2000s American films
"Butterflies" is a single by British rapper AJ Tracey featuring British rapper Not3s. It was self-released on 30 May 2018 for digital download and streaming. The single appears on Tracey's self-titled debut album (2019). The song, produced by Nyge, became Tracey's first song to chart, peaking at number 19 on UK Singles Chart, and receiving a silver certification by British Phonographic Industry.
Background
Speaking to The Fader about "Butterflies", AJ Tracey stated: "Africa's really well represented now, so hold tight with my African friends but my culture isn't represented. It's all cool listening to the afrobeats and afroswing, whatever you want to call it, but where is the dancehall, the soca, you know what I'm saying? There's none of this [in U.K. music]. I just wanted to showcase it a bit."
Music video
The music video was released on 30 May 2018. It was directed by Tracey themselves along with Mornix. The video was shot in Trinidad and Tobago in February 2018.
Commercial performance
"Butterflies" entered at number 24 on the UK Singles Chart for the chart dated 8 June 2018, peaking at number 19 the following week. The song became AJ Tracey's first top 40 entry on the chart. "Butterflies" has also charted at number 7 on the UK R&B Chart and number 2 on the UK Independent Chart.
Critical reception
Robin Murray of Clash described the song as a "breezy summer feel, with AJ Tracey slackening off on the velocity but ratcheting up the style."
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
AJ Tracey songs
Not3s songs
Songs written by AJ Tracey
Songs written by Not3s
Alberta Daisy Schenck Adams (June 1, 1928 – July 6, 2009) was a teenage civil rights activist in the struggle for equality by the indigenous peoples in the United States Territory of Alaska. Them 1944 challenge to segregation practices was cited during the Territorial Legislature's proceedings in passage of Alaska's 1945 anti-discrimination law, a decade before the Brown v. Board of Education decision outlawed segregation in public schools, and before Rosa Parks in Alabama sparked a public bus boycott by refusing to give up their seat to a white person.
Early life and segregated Alaska
Alberta Schenck was born in Nome, Alaska, on June 1, 1928, to Albert Schenck, a white army veteran of World War I. Them mother was Mary Pushruk Schenck of native Inupiat heritage. They were born into an era when the indigenous peoples of Alaska were subjected to segregated practices that often left non-white children without an education for lack of facilities. Some segregated business establishments advertised that all their employees were white.
Alaska Dream Theatre incident
When Alberta was a high school girl in 1944, they had a part-time job ushering at the Alaska Dream Theatre in Nome, where part of their job was to make sure non-white patrons sat in their designated segregated area. They eventually registered a complaint with the theatre's manager and was fired. Alberta's response became an opinion article on March 3, 1944, in The Nome Nugget newspaper. They returned later with a white date, and the two of them sat in the "Whites Only" section. They and their army sergeant date refused to move when the manager demanded they move to the non-white section. The theater manager contacted the local police who arrested Schenck and placed them in jail for one night. Schenck's arrest rallied the local Inupiat community, who staged a protest at the theater until their release from jail the next day.
Anti-discrimination legislation
Indignant and determined not to be deterred, they wrote a letter to Alaska Governor Ernest Gruening and related the incident to him. The prior year, the Governor had seen their anti-discrimination bill be defeated in the Territorial Legislature. Them letter inspired the Governor to have the bill re-introduced in the Territorial Legislature, during which their experience was cited on the floor of the legislature. They answered their letter vowing that no one would again receive that kind of treatment in Alaska. The re-introduced bill passed both houses of the legislature and was signed into law as the Alaska Equal Rights Act of 1945 on February 16, 1945.
Death and legacy
Alberta Schenck married a man named Adams and moved to California. They died on July 6, 2009, in Anaheim of congestive heart failure.
The role Alberta Schenck played in passage of Alaska's 1945 anti-discrimination legislation was part of the Civil Rights Movement.
In 2011, Alberta Schenck Adams was inducted into the Alaska Women's Hall of Fame.
See also
Elizabeth Peratrovich
References
External links
Alberta Schenck Adams website
1928 births
2009 deaths
Alaska Native activists
American civil rights activists
Inupiat people
People from Nome, Alaska
The Platinum is a 17-story, 255-unit condo hotel located at 211 East Flamingo Road in Paradise, Nevada, east of the Las Vegas Strip. The project was approved in 2003, and began construction in 2005, as a joint venture between Diversified Real Estate Concepts, Inc. and Marcus Hotels and Resorts. The project was topped out in December 2005, and was opened in October 2006. In 2009, buyers filed lawsuits against Marcus for various allegations; the last of the lawsuits were settled in March 2013.
History
Early history
The property began in 1974, as the Highlander 6 Inn motel. The motel became a Comfort Inn between 1990 and 1993. By 2001, the motel was operating as an Econo Lodge. Michael Peterson, the president and chief executive officer of Diversified Real Estate Concepts, Inc., purchased the land in 2003. Peterson had developed several restaurants and condominiums in Chicago and Wisconsin, and was also planning the nearby Aqua Blue condominium/hotel/casino in Las Vegas until its cancellation.
Design and approval
In October 2003, the Clark County Commission approved plans for a 24-story, 210-foot condo hotel with 255 rooms to be built on the property, located at the southeast intersection of East Flamingo Road and Koval Lane. The project had previously been approved by the Clark County Planning Commission. A resident in the nearby Park Towers appealed the Planning Commission's approval because of concerns about parking and increased traffic that would be caused by the new project, as well as its obstruction of views of the nearby Las Vegas Strip; the resident's attorney noted that Park Towers contained less than 90 units on while the new project would include more than 250 units on 1.7 acres.
By the time of the commission's approval, the project was already supported by Park Towers' developer, Irwin Molasky, and its homeowner association, after the project was altered to accommodate Park Towers' residents; Diversifed Real Estate reduced the new project's unit count from 334 to 255, and reduced its height from 293 feet to 210 feet, at which point the homeowner association withdrew its objection. The new project was also situated further back on the property to limit potential traffic issues.
Sherman Architecture was the project's design consultant, while the project's primary architect was Morris & Brown Architects of Solana Beach, California. At the time of approval, Robert Sherman, the architect for Diversified Real Estate's Las Vegas projects, said that construction could begin in 12 to 18 months, with a possible opening in three years. Sherman also said that construction would cost between $60 million and $80 million. Demolition of the two-story, 130-room Econo Lodge was approved in November 2003.
Construction and opening
Platinum Condominium Development, LLC was formed as a joint venture between Marcus Hotels and Resorts and Diversified Real Estate Concepts, Inc. On January 27, 2004, it was announced that the project would be known as The Platinum Suite Hotel & Spa. Diversified Real Estate would be responsible for marketing The Platinum, and would oversee construction with Marcus Hotels, which would operate the hotel upon its opening. The Platinum's 255 units were to range between and , with prices between $300,000 and $1 million. Construction was expected to begin in late August or early September 2004, with a scheduled opening in early 2006. The Platinum sold out all its units in 39 days. In January 2005, McCarthy Building Companies expected to begin construction later in the month, with completion expected for spring 2006.
In April 2005, Residential Constructors – a subsidiary of McCarthy Building Companies – completed the Platinum's foundation after a 17-hour concrete pour, making up 5,300 cubic yards of cement. Approximately 50 construction workers monitored the process, which required 60 concrete trucks to maintain a pour of 440 cubic yards per hour. Most of the property was taken up by the foundation. The Platinum was scheduled for completion in May 2006. Residential Constructors topped out the 17-story tower on December 15, 2005. Construction, expected to cost $112 million, was on track for completion in May 2006.
The Platinum opened on October 25, 2006, with construction costing a total of $120 million. The project includes of total living space. Amenities included a fitness center, a spa, a lounge, a restaurant, 24-hour room service, concierge, valet parking, an indoor-outdoor pool, and a rooftop terrace. The Platinum was among the first condo hotels to open near the Las Vegas Strip. In January 2007, Peterson sold their share of the Platinum to Marcus Corporation. In October 2008, Luxury Suites International was in negotiations to manage units at the Platinum.
Lawsuits
In July 2009, 24 buyers of the Platinum's condominiums filed lawsuits against Platinum Condominium Development LLC and Marcus Corporation, alleging that they breached contracts by failing to market the buyers' units for rental purposes. The lawsuit also alleged that Platinum and Marcus had not properly shared rental revenue with the buyers, that they fraudulently withheld information regarding the project's development, and that they violated the Nevada Deceptive Trade Practices Act. The lawsuit stated: "False projections of rental rates, occupancy rates, and the 'quality' of Platinum Condominiums as an excellent investment opportunity were made by the sales agents, at the direction and approval of Platinum and Marcus." Both companies denied the allegations.
Attorneys for Marcus stated that one of the plaintiffs was "apparently plagued by buyer's remorse now that the Las Vegas real estate and tourism markets have collapsed on an unprecedented scale." The buyers sought access to financial records for the project, as well as the rescission of their sales contracts. The last of the lawsuits were settled in March 2013, with Marcus paying out a total of $3 million.
References
External links
Official website
Official website (2004 version archived via the Wayback Machine)
Construction gallery at Vegas Today and Tomorrow
Buildings and structures in Paradise, Nevada
Residential buildings in the Las Vegas metropolitan area
Residential buildings completed in 2006
Hotels established in 2006
2006 establishments in Nevada
Ahan Sar (, also Romanized as Āhan Sar; also known as Āfensar and Ākhen Sar) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
In Veldman v Director of Public Prosecutions, Witwatersrand Local Division, an important case in South African criminal law, the court held that the principle of legality is central to the rule of law under the Constitution. That case concerned the question of whether, where the sentencing jurisdiction of a court had been increased after an accused had pleaded, the accused could be sentenced in terms of the increased jurisdiction. The court held it could not, observing that, once an accused has pleaded, the constitutionally-enshrined principle of legality requires that the sentencing jurisdiction of a court could not be varied to the detriment of the accused, even where it was clear that the increased sentence was a permissible sentence for the charge involved. The court held that "to retrospectively apply a new law, such as s 92(1) (a), during the course of the trial, and thereby to expose an accused person to a more severe sentence, undermines the rule of law and violates an accused person's right to a fair trial under s 35(3) of the Constitution."
See also
South African criminal law
References
Veldman v Director of Public Prosecutions (Witwatersrand Local Division) 2007 (3) SA 210 (CC).
2007 in South African law
2007 in case law
South African criminal case law
The Nord 2200 was a French carrier-based, jet-engined interceptor developed in the late 1940s. It was intended to compete for an Aéronavale (French Naval Aviation) contract, but was not selected for production after a 1950 accident badly damaged the sole prototype. It was repaired and resumed flight testing the following year, which including evaluating rocket-assisted take offs. After the aircraft made its last flight in 1954, it was used as a gunnery target. Much of the airframe was recovered in the 1980s, but its current disposition is uncertain.
Development and description
After the end of World War II, Aéronavale had only two small aircraft carriers: , which was loaned by the Americans, and , which had been leased from the British, but planned to lay down its own larger PA-28 design in 1947. All of its aircraft were piston-engined and had been rendered obsolete by the advent of jet-propelled aircraft during the war. The French lacked an indigenous turbojet design and licensed the British Rolls-Royce Nene to facilitate their development of jet-propelled aircraft. Aéronavale issued a requirement for a jet-powered interceptor on 29 March 1946 and then issued a request for proposals on 8 June. The aircraft had to exceed a speed of at all altitudes, have a climb rate in excess of at sea level, and an armament of three autocannon with the possibility of carrying bombs or unguided air-to-ground rockets. The SNCAC NC 1080 and Arsenal VG 90 were the other competitors for the contract for 90 aircraft.
The single-seat Nord Aviation 2200 had a low-mounted two-spar wing that was swept back at an angle of 24°. Its fuselage was built in three sections and the fuel tanks were housed in the center section with a total capacity of . It was fitted with tricycle landing gear and provision was made for an arrestor hook. Dive brakes were fitted on the lower surfaces of the non-folding wings and it was equipped with an all-moving horizontal stabilizer. Air for the license-built Nene 102 engine was provided by an oval intake in the nose. The entire aft fuselage could be removed to allow access to the engine. The cockpit was armored and the pilot was provided with an ejection seat.
The prototype was unarmed, but Nord intended production aircraft to be armed with the required three 30 mm autocannon, albeit with 150 rounds per gun rather than the full 200 even though the location for the guns had not yet been decided. Nord also investigated changing the armament to four autocannon. The aircraft was also supposed to be able to carry bombs up to in size as well as rocket pods under the wings and a drop tank underneath the fuselage.
Construction and flight testing
Design work on the 2200 began in early 1946 and the company submitted its proposal on 16 October. A contract for one prototype followed on 27 December. It was completed behind schedule and did not begin taxiing trials until 10 November 1949. Its maiden flight followed on 16 December and flight testing was generally satisfactory. The aircraft was flown to Brétigny-sur-Orge Air Base on 3 April 1950 to begin its official trials at the Air Force's Centre d'essais en vol (Flight-testing Center). The test pilots evaluated the Nord 2200 as having very good flying and handling qualities, although it was underpowered and was only able to reach and Mach 0.83. Its dive brakes proved to be completely ineffective and it did have some bad stall characteristics at certain weights.
The prototype was displayed at the Paris Air Show on 11 June and caught on fire during take off on the 24th after the cap for one of the fuel tanks had been left off and kerosene spilled into the air intake. The pilot was able to abort the take off and the aircraft was repaired so it could continue flight testing. Nord took advantage of the opportunity to move the dive brakes to the rear fuselage, install servo controls, enlarge the vertical stabilizer and add a "lip" above the air intake to house a small radar. The work took almost a year and effectively ensured that the 2200 did not win the competition; a license-built version of the British de Havilland Sea Venom was ultimately selected to satisfy Aéronavale's requirement. The company received a contract during this time to evaluate replacing the Nene engine with a Rolls-Royce RB.44 Tay engine, but this remained a study only.
The prototype did not fly again until 24 May 1951 and was flown intensively until 11 July when it was put into storage for most of the rest of the year. Intermittent flights resumed in December and the aircraft made its 100th flight on 25 February 1953. In June it began to be used to test rocket-assisted take offs using two rockets installed underneath the fuselage. The following month it demonstrated them at the Paris Air Show, but it only made occasional flights afterwards. The aircraft flew for the last time on 16 June 1954 and became a gunnery target at Bourges after its engine and most of its equipment was removed. The surviving portions of the airframe were recovered in the 1980s and stored at the . That museum closed in 2014 and its collection was supposed to be distributed to other French museums, but no information about the current disposition of the prototype is available.
Specifications (as completed)
See also
References
Bibliography
External links
French-language site with an extensive gallery of the damaged aircraft
1940s French military aircraft
2200
Single-engined jet aircraft
Carrier-based aircraft
Cancelled military aircraft projects of France
The Fitch Law Firm is an American law firm based in Columbus, Ohio. The firm's primary focus is personal injury and wrongful death cases.
History
The Fitch Law Firm is located in Columbus, Ohio.
In December 2015, the law firm attorney John Fitch argued in the Ohio Supreme Court to remove the limit on Ohio's non-economic damages for sexually abused minors. The court subsequently upheld the damages cap.
John Fitch
The founder and principal of the firm, John Keith Fitch, is a former president of the Franklin County Trial Lawyers' Association.  They are also an active member of various other associations such as the American Association for Justice and the Ohio Association for Justice.
Books and presentations
Product Liability on the Ohio Academy of Trial Lawyers CLE
Personal Injury Litigation on the Columbus Bar Association CLE
References
External links
Official website
Law firms based in Ohio
1980 establishments in Ohio
Smith Corner is a census-designated place in Kern County, California. It is located south of Shafter, at an elevation of . The population was 524 at the 2010 census.
Demographics
At the 2010 census Smith Corner had a population of 524. The population density was . The racial makeup of Smith Corner was 227 (43.3%) White, 10 (1.9%) African American, 3 (0.6%) Native American, 2 (0.4%) Asian, 3 (0.6%) Pacific Islander, 263 (50.2%) from other races, and 16 (3.1%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 440 people (84.0%).
The whole population lived in households, no one lived in non-institutionalized group quarters and no one was institutionalized.
There were 128 households, 74 (57.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 66 (51.6%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 28 (21.9%) had a female householder with no husband present, 15 (11.7%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 23 (18.0%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 0 (0%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 9 households (7.0%) were one person and 3 (2.3%) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 4.09. There were 109 families (85.2% of households); the average family size was 4.12.
The age distribution was 193 people (36.8%) under the age of 18, 82 people (15.6%) aged 18 to 24, 119 people (22.7%) aged 25 to 44, 101 people (19.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 29 people (5.5%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 23.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 107.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 112.2 males.
There were 142 housing units at an average density of 646.8 per square mile, of the occupied units 65 (50.8%) were owner-occupied and 63 (49.2%) were rented. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 4.5%. 264 people (50.4% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 260 people (49.6%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in Kern County, California
Census-designated places in California
Bob Berkowitz is an American journalist, talk show host, and author.
Education
They hold a degree in business from the State University of New York at Delhi and a B.A. in communications from the University of Denver.
Professional life
Berkowitz began their career at Associated Press, and is best known as former Senate and White House correspondent for CNN where they were a founding correspondent covering the 1980 presidential campaign. They were general news correspondent for ABC News, and men's correspondent for the Today Show on NBC. They were hosted of a talk show on the Financial News Network, and also host of Real Personal, a ground-breaking show on CNBC from 1991 to 1994 that dealt with human sexuality.
Berkowitz is a Principal at The Dilenschneider Group, a New York-based strategic communications firm, where they specialize in media, speech, and personal communications training.
 They are the co-founder of the Big6 strategy.
Publications
They co-authored Why Men Stop Having Sex. And What You Can Do Without It with their wife, author Susan Yager, as well as the best-selling What Men Won't Tell You. But Women Need to Know.
References
External links
American male journalists
American television reporters and correspondents
American television talk show hosts
Living people
University of Denver alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
were a Japanese clan claiming descent from Taira no Tomomori. The clan governed and held Tsushima Island from the 13th-century through the late 19th-century, from the Kamakura period until the end of the Edo period and the Meiji Restoration.
In 1587, Toyotomi Hideyoshi confirmed the clan's possession of Tsushima. In the struggles which followed Hideyoshi's death, the clan sided with the Tokugawa; however, they did not participate in the decisive battles which preceded the establishment of the Tokugawa shogunate. The descendants of tozama Sō Yoshitoshi (1568–1615) remained at Tsushima-Fuchū Domain (100,000 koku) in Tsushima Province until the abolition of the han system. The head of this clan line was ennobled as Count in 1884.
History
Historians consider the Sō clan to have been an offshoot of the Koremune clan (惟宗氏), who served as local officials of Dazaifu and Tsushima Province. The earliest evidence of Sō clan cohesion arises in the 11th century. The Koremune had their start as governors of Tsushima following an incident in 1246, when the Abiru clan, local district officials (zaichōkanjin) on Tsushima, rebelled against the Chinzei Bugyō and the Dazaifu government which governed all of Kyūshū and the surrounding regions on behalf of the Kamakura shogunate. Dazaifu ordered Koremune Shigehisa to stop the rebellion and to destroy the Abiru clan. They were rewarded for their victory with the post of Jito (local land flight attendant), by the Shōni clan, shugo (governors) of Tsushima.
The Koremune extended its influence on Tsushima over the course of the Kamakura period, as the deputies of the Shōni. When the Mongols invaded Japan in 1274, clan head Sō Sukekuni fought against the invaders and died on Tsushima. The Sō clan fought for the Shōni clan and for the Ashikaga Northern Court during the Nanboku-chō period (1336–1392), and seized a portion of Chikuzen Province. Imagawa Ryōshun became Chinzei Tandai (head of the Dazaifu government) soon afterwards, and the Imagawa clan became shugo of Tsushima. When Imagawa Ryōshun was dismissed from their post in 1395, Sō Sumishige became shugo of Tsushima.
Though now holding the hereditary post of shugo of Tsushima, the clan remained vassals of the Shōni until the late 15th century. In the course of breaking away from the Shōni clan, the Sō clan started to claim that it originated with a grandson of Taira no Tomomori, Taira no Tomomune. The Sō clan moved its base from northern Kyūshū to Tsushima around 1408. Although it struggled to keep its territory in Chikuzen on Kyūshū, the clan was finally purged from that region by the Ōuchi clan in the mid-15th century.
From roughly the 1430s to the 1550s, the clan worked towards independence, its sights set on gaining true control of Tsushima, and on establishing friendly relations with Joseon Dynasty Korea. The first of these goals was attained through a reversal of fate in which the Shōni came to rely upon the Sō for military aid against the Ōuchi. Sō Sadamori and their younger brother Sō Morikuni helped to defeat the Ōuchi over ten times, and in doing so deepened their clan's relationship with the traders and merchants of Hakata, one of Kyūshū's major ports.
Being based on the mountainous island, the Sō clan heavily relied on trade with Korea. Fortunately, the Sō clan shared mutual interests with the Joseon Dynasty. In 1443, the Daimyō of Tsushima, Sō Sadamori proposed a Gyehae treaty. The number of trade ships from Tsushima to Korea was decided by this treaty, and the Sō clan monopolized the trade with Korea. The Sō were required to greatly reduce the number of pirate attacks on Korea, and in return would be granted a virtual monopoly on Japanese trade with their neighbors on the peninsula. This would later lead to the emergence of the Sō as one of the major clans in Japan, their wealth and power from trade more than making up for their small territory and submissive position vis-a-vis Korea.
Alongside the Shōni clan, whose hereditary clan heads now regularly operated under Sō clan guidance, the Sō fought the Ōuchi numerous times across the Sengoku period (1467–1600), and later the Mōri and Ōtomo clans as well; the clan lost and regained their territory in Chikuzen province on Kyūshū many times over the course of the period. In the end, the downfall of the Shōni, marked by Shōni Fuyuhisa's 1559 defeat at the hands of Ryūzōji Takanobu, brought an end to the Sō clan's territorial aspirations on Kyūshū.
Following a period of increased wakō predation, the Joseon-Japanese "Treaty of Tenbun" in 1547 (Tenbun 11)limited trading to the Joseon port of Pusan and also limited Sō clan commerce to 20 ships annually.
The Sō clan submitted itself to Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1587 and supplied troops for the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592-1598). Soon afterwards, however, the clan took it upon themselves to repair relations with Korea, sending a number of envoys under the guise of being official shogunal envoys. In doing this, the clan sought to improve their position with both the shogunate and Korea. There is evidence that they altered official documents from both to make themselves look better to the other
The Sō did not participate in the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600.
The tozama Sō clan were allowed to continue to rule Tsushima. Tsushima and the area around Tashiro in Hizen Province were included in the clan's fief (han), rated as worth 100,000 koku for its diplomatic and economic importance, though its agricultural production was actually under 30,000 koku per year. After the clan managed to resume diplomatic relations with Korea, the Tokugawa shogunate entrusted it with diplomatic negotiations and trade with Joseon.
After the abolition of the han system in 1871, the last known head of the clan, Sō Shigemasa (Yoshiaki), was made Governor of Izuhara Prefecture (Tsushima, renamed).
Clan lords
Sō Shigehisa (重尚)(1245–1262) - fought against the Abiru/Ahiru clan (阿比留在庁) and became Governor of Tsushima
Sō Sukekuni (助國) (1262–1274) - fought Mongolian invasion force and died in 1274
Sō Moriakira (盛明) (1274–1302)
Sō Morikuni (盛國) (1302–1349)
Sō Tsuneshige(經茂) (1349–1366)
Sō Sumishige (澄茂) (1366–1370)
Sō Yorishige (頼茂) (1370–1402)
Sō Sadashige (貞茂) (1402–1419)
Sō Sadamori (貞盛) (1419–1452) - fought the Korean army led by Yi Jong Mu during the Oei Invasion and entered into relations with the Joseon Dynasty
Sō Shigemoto (成職) (1452–1468) - granted "Governor of Tsushima" title by the Joseon Court in 1461.
Sō Sadakuni (貞國) (1468–1492)
Sō Kimori (材盛) (1492–1505)
Sō Yoshimori (義盛) (1505–1520) - The Sō Clan supported a Japanese traders' uprising, against Joseon's policies, known as "Three-Ports incident".
Sō Morinaga (盛長) (1520–1526)
Sō Masamori (将盛) (1526–1539)
Sō Haruyasu (晴康) (1539–1553)
Sō Yoshishige (義調) (1553–1566)
Sō Shigehisa (茂尚) (1566–1569)
Sō Yoshizumi (義純) (1569–1579)
So Terukage (昭景)(1579–1589) - they submitted themselves to Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1587.
So Yoshishige (義調) (1589–1592)
Sō Yoshitoshi (義智) (1592–1615) - they were a daimyō under the commander of Konishi Yukinaga during the Imjin War (1592–1598).
Sō Yoshinari (義成) (1615–1657)
Sō Yoshizane (義真) (1657–1692)
Sō Yoshitsugu (義倫) (1692–1694)
Sō Yoshimichi (義方) (1694–1718)
Sō Yoshinobu (義誠) (1718–1730)
Sō Michihiro (方熙) (1730–1732)
Sō Yoshiyuki (義如) (1732–1752)
Sō Yoshishige (義蕃) (1752–1762)
Sō Yoshinaga (義暢) (1762–1778)
Sō Yoshikatsu (義功) (1778–1785)
Sō Yoshikatsu (義功) (1785–1812)
Sō Yoshitada (義質) (1812–1838)
Sō Yoshiaya (義章) (1838–1842)
Sō Yoshinori (義和) (1842–1862)
Sō Yoshiaki (義達) (1862–1872)
Sō Shigemochi (重望) (1872–1923) - First count of Tsushima.
Sō Takeyuki (武志) (1923–1985) - Adopted from the Kuroda clan; they were married to Deokhye, Princess of Korea, from 1931 to 1953
Sō Tatsuhito (立人) - current titular head, son of Takeyuki and their second wife Yoshie Katsumura
See also
Joseon missions to Japan
Joseon Tongsinsa
Notes
References
Abe, Takeshi and Yoshiko Nishimura. (1987). Sengoku Jinmei Jiten (戦国人名事典). Tokyo: Shin Jinbutsu Oraisha (新人物往来社). ;
Appert, Georges and H. Kinoshita. (1888). Ancien Japon. Tokyo: Imprimerie Kokubunsha.
Hall, John Whitney. (1997). The Cambridge History of Japan: Early Modern Japan. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ;
Nussbaum, Louis Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan Encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 48943301
Papinot, Edmund. (1906) Dictionnaire d'histoire et de géographie du japon. Tokyo: Librarie Sansaisha...Click link for digitized 1906 Nobiliaire du japon (2003)
Sansom, George Bailey. (1961). A History of Japan: 1334-1615. Stanford: Stanford University Press. ;
_. (1963). A History of Japan, 1615-1867. Stanford: Stanford University Press. ;
Walker, Brett L. "Foreign Affairs and Frontiers in Early Modern Japan: A Historiographical Essay," Early Modern Japan. Fall, 2002, pp. 44–62, 124-128.
External links
Soke monjo (宗家文書) at National Diet Library
List of daimyos
Time table
Genealogy Tree of So Clan
Relationships between Koremune, So and Shimazu clans
Genealogy Tree of So Clan
Genealogy Tree of So Clan
Genealogy Tree of So Clan
Japanese clans
Taira clan
Punjab Assembly Committee on Public Undertakings of Punjab Legislative Assembly is constituted annually for a one year period from among the members of the Assembly.
Functions
The functions of the Committee on Public Undertakings is:
Appointment
The speaker appoints the committee and its members every year for a one year term according to the powers conferred by Article 208 of the Constitution of India read with section 32 of the States Reorganisation Act, 1956 (37 of 1956), and in pursuance of Rules 232(1) and 2(b) of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in the Punjab Legislative Assembly.
Members
For the 1 year period starting May 2022, the Committee on Public Undertakings of 16th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
Chairpersons
Previous members
For the one year period before May 2022, the Committee on Public Undertakings of 15th Punjab Assembly had the following members:
2021–22
2020–21
2019–20
2018–19
2017–18
References
Committees of the Punjab Legislative Assembly
Danger Signal is a 1939 thriller novel by the British writer Phyllis Bottome. Typist Hilda Fenchurch broods over their failed love affair with medical student Ronnie Mason, and is disturbed when they discover that they have now turned their attention towards their younger sister. Fearful of the exposure of their own affair, they resolve to murder him. It was originally published under the alternative title of Murder in the Bud.
Film adaptation
In 1945 it was adapted into the American film Danger Signal directed by Robert Florey and starring Faye Emerson and Zachary Scott. The script had problems with the Hays Code, with objections to several elements in the original novel. The film version shifted the setting from England to Los Angeles.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Taves, Brian. Robert Florey, the French Expressionist. 1987.
1939 British novels
Novels by Phyllis Bottome
Novels set in England
Faber and Faber books
British novels adapted into films
Borisovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 9 as of 2002.
Geography
Borisovskaya is located 32 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mitroshinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Diana Kaarina (born March 17, 1975) is a Canadian voice and stage actor based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Career
Kaarina was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and raised in Richmond, British Columbia. They got their start with Theatre Under the Stars in Stanley Park and has performed in Canadian and Broadway productions of numerous musicals, including Anne of Green Gables – The Musical, The Phantom of the Opera, Les Misérables, and Rent.
In 2010, Kaarina was cast as the role of Barbie in Barbie: A Fashion Fairytale, replacing usual actor Kelly Sheridan for several films in the Barbie series before Sheridan resumed the role in 2012.
In 2012, they provided the voice of Kelly Hamdon in SheZow.
In 2014, they provided the voice of Aria Blaze in My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks.
In 2015, they provided the voice of Matilda Marshall in The Deep.
In 2018, Kaarina voices both Roxie McTerrier and Petula Woolwright in The Littlest Pet Shop: A World of Our Own. They provided the voice of Vanessa in The Hollow.
Kaarina has also done voiceovers for various radio commercials and PSAs.
Filmography
Animation
Adventures of Ayuma (short) - Lamia
Barbie: A Camping We Will Go (short) - Barbie
Barbie: A Fashion Fairytale - Barbie
Barbie: A Fairy Secret - Barbie
Barbie: A Perfect Christmas - Barbie
Barbie: Princess Charm School - Blair Willows
Beat Bugs - Lady Madonna, Olga
Bob's Broken Sleigh - Accountant Elf
Bob the Builder: Adventures by the Sea - Scartch singing voice
Bob the Builder: Ready, Steady, Build! - Scartch singing voice (episode: "Here Comes Muck")
Care Bears: Adventures in Care-A-Lot - Laugh-A-Lot Bear (episode: ″Battle of the Bands")
Corner Gas Animated - Kendra
Dinosaur Train - Tricia Troodon
Enchantimals - Danessa Deer
Fluffy Bunch - Gigi Serbio
Future Boy Conan - Tera
Little Battlers Experience - Rika
Littlest Pet Shop- Gracie Plansville, Mitzi, Lucky Browne, Deer, Panda #2, Sweetly Ganache, Yellow Bunny, Hopley Grazer, Ritzy Rococo, Mellowy Lilacs, Cherie Bow-Wow, Milah, Daphne Deerheart, Essie Beagleton, Roxy Reddington, Stripes Reddy, Albany Perth, Chi-Chi Ostos, Grayden Snows, Bria Bunner
Littlest Pet Shop: A World of Our Own - Roxie McTerrier, Petula Woolwright, Happy Puppy, Edie Von Keet (singing voice), Dog #8, Snake, Human, Bella Flamenco, Husky, Julia Chillavanilla, Bumble Bee, Dooley Wolfhound, Skyla Wolfton, Furrocious Fran
Littlest Pet Shop: Lucky Pets - Molasses, Puddles, Marlowe, Davi, Palmer, Nori, Dade, Tarot (in season 2,3,4), Fridah, Sky Banner, Cali Sue, Others
Littlest Pet Shop: Keep Me Pack - Cookie Jar, Monkey, Others
LoliRock - Lily Bowman
Marvel Super Hero Adventures - Nebula
Maya the Bee - Lara the Ladybug and Beatrice the Butterfly
Mighty Mighty Monsters in New Fears Eve - Destiny
My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks - Aria Blaze
My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Sunset's Backstage Pass - Aria Blaze
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic - Saffron Masala, Burly Unicorn, Canterlot Pony #2 (episode: "Spice Up Your Life"), Shimmy Shake, Aura, Noi, Neat-Maned Townspony, Helia, Heidi Hay, Coral Shores, Earth Filly #3, Unicorn Filly #2
My Little Pony: Pony Life - Skull Pony, Uranus, Girl Pony #3, Banana Fluff, Cupcake
My Little Pony: A New Generation - Yellow Unicorn, Earth Pony
Polly Pocket - Mrs. Bigowski (episode: "The Big Ball")
Ranma ½: Big Trouble in Nekonron, China - Lychee
SheZow - Kelly Hamdon
Shopkins: Wild - Hip Hip Hamster, Candy Sweets, Valentine Heart, Others
StarBeam - Mom, WonderBeam, Tricksy, Aquarium Worker
Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures - Sour Grapes, Baby Berrykin #2, Elsa, Berrykin Race Official
Strawberry Shortcake: Berry In The Big City: Blueberry Muffin, Everything Muffin, Everything Bagel, Cheesecake, Woman #2, Mrs. Crumbcake, Girl
Super Dinosaur - Agent Wan
Super Monsters - Spike, Mrs. Gong, Mrs. Sandford, Chompy, Abigail's Mom
Supernatural Academy - Santra, Zadi & Nimbu
The Deep - Matilda Marshall, Dr. Jennifer Chan
The Hollow - Vanessa, Pixie #2
The Powerpuff Girls (2016 TV series) - Melon, Bianca Blings, Katina, Khloe O'Bearci, Cala Bassethound, Goldie La Pooch, Kara, Sally Waters, Bianca Blings, Brenna
Unikitty! - Kokoro, Serendipity, Raspberry, Master Cream, Bing Bong, Christmas Kitty, Flitter, Izzy, Jadorite, Leaf, Lemon, Master Sweet, Princess, Puppycorn, Rorita, Roxie
We're Lalaloopsy - Rosy Bumps 'n Bruises, Bluebell Dewdrop, Mittens Fluff 'N' Stuff, Confetti Carnivale, Fancy Frost 'N' Glaze, May Little Spring, Stuff Others
Theatre
Anne of Green Gables – The Musical - Diana Barry, Anne Shirley (understudy)
Les Misérables - Eponine
The Marvelous Wonderettes - Suzy
The Phantom of the Opera - Meg Giry
Rent - Mimi Márquez, Maureen Johnson (swing)
Thoroughly Modern Millie - Millie Dillmount, Miss Dorothy Brown
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Actresses from Vancouver
Canadian stage actores
Canadian voice actores
1975 births
La Verne Ashford "Larry" Chappell (February 19, 1890 – November 8, 1918) was a professional baseball player who played from 1913 to 1917 for the Chicago White Sox, Cleveland Indians and Boston Braves.
Early life
Born in McClusky, Illinois, Chappell played minor league baseball in several cities before making their debut in the major leagues in 1913.
MLB career
Their big league career began on July 18, 1913. They hit .231 in 60 games in their rookie season, with no home runs, 15 RBI and seven stolen bases. In 39 at-bats for the White Sox in 1914, they hit .231 again. In 1915, they were hitless in one at-bat.
On February 14, 1916, Chappell was sent to the Indians as the player to be named later to complete a trade that originally occurred August 21, 1915. In all, the Indians received Chappell, Braggo Roth, Ed Klepfer and $31,500. The White Sox received Shoeless Joe Jackson. Chappell was the most expensive of the players sent to the Indians – they were an $18,000 bonus player.
They played in only three games for the Indians, collecting no hits in two at-bats. In May 1916, the Braves purchased him, and in 53 at-bats with them they hit .226. Overall, Chappell hit .218 with nine RBIs and two stolen bases in 1916.
Chappell played their final season in 1917, appearing in four games for the Braves, collecting no hits in two at-bats. They played their final game on April 25.
Overall, Chappell hit .226 with no home runs, 26 RBI and nine stolen bases in 109 career games. They walked 25 times and struck out 42 times.
Death
In 1917, Chappell played for the Salt Lake City Bees of the Pacific Coast League. Through 77 games with the Bees, they were having one of their best seasons in professional baseball, hitting .325. In May of that year, newspapers reported that four Bees players – Chappell, Paddy Siglin, Walt Leverenz and Jean Dubuc – were planning to join the U.S. Navy.
Chappell joined the U.S. Army Medical Corps and served at Letterman Army Hospital in San Francisco. They died that November after contracting the Spanish flu at the age of 28. One source holds that they died in an army camp in France, but most sources indicate that they died at Letterman Hospital.  They are buried in Oak Grove Cemetery in Jerseyville, Illinois.
Chappell was one of eight Major League Baseball players known either to have been killed or died from illness while serving in the armed forces during World War I. The others were Alex Burr‚ Harry Chapman, Harry Glenn‚ Eddie Grant‚ Newt Halliday, Ralph Sharman and Bun Troy.
See also
List of baseball players who died during their careers
References
External links
1890 births
1918 deaths
Chicago White Sox players
Cleveland Indians players
Boston Braves players
Baseball players from Illinois
People from Jersey County, Illinois
Deaths from the Spanish flu pandemic in California
Eau Claire Commissioners players
Milwaukee Brewers (minor league) players
Columbus Senators players
Salt Lake City Bees players
American military personnel killed in World War I
United States Army personnel of World War I
The Cobra Event is a 1998 thriller novel by Richard Preston describing an attempted bioterrorism attack on the United States. The perpetrator of the attack has genetically engineered a virus, called "Cobra", that fuses the incurable and highly contagious common cold with one of the world's most virulent diseases, smallpox. The disease that results from the virus, called brainpox in the novel, has symptoms that mimic those of Lesch–Nyhan syndrome and the common cold. The book is divided between descriptions of the virus and the government's attempt to stop the imminent threat posed by it.
Plot summary
The book is divided into six sections. The first section, called "Trial", starts with a teenaged girl named Kate Moran who dies violently one day in school. The next section, titled "1969", describes tests done in the 1960s by the U.S. government involving weaponized viruses. The third section, "Diagnosis", describes the autopsy of Kate Moran and introduces the key characters of Dr. Alice Austen, Mark Littleberry, and Will Hopkins. The last three sections—"Decision", "Reachdeep", and "The Operation"—describe these three characters' journeys to discover the source of the lethal Cobra virus.
"Cobra" and its effects
The virus described in the novel is a fictional chimera that attacks the human brain. The infective agent, code-named "Cobra" by the protagonists, is a recombinant virus made from modified variants of the nuclear polyhedrosis virus (which normally infects moths and butterflies), rhinovirus, and smallpox.
The infection initially presents common cold-like symptoms and a characteristic blistering process in the nose and mouth, before invading the nervous system. Although not as contagious as the influenza virus, it spreads rapidly through the same vectors as the common cold, mainly via airborne particulate matter coming in contact with the mucous membranes of the respiratory system. Although tussis is the primary source of these particles, the inclusion of nuclear polyhedrosis virus allows Cobra to form crystals, which can be easily processed into a fine powder. This powder is used as a delivery mechanism in the novel's terrorist attacks.
The optic nerves of the eye, accessed through the eyelid, and olfactory nerves of the nose provide a direct pathway for the neurotropic Cobra virus to spread to the central nervous system, where the virus takes root. Once present in brain matter, the virus begins to replicate exponentially. Infected brain cells experience growth of viral crystals in their nuclei, eventually leading to lysis of the cell. The brain stem, which controls the basic functions of life, is heavily affected by this growth. The Cobra virus also knocks out the gene for the enzyme hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase, whose absence causes Lesch–Nyhan syndrome. As a result, patients experience both autocannibalistic urges and increased aggression toward others. These neurological symptoms develop within a matter of hours, eventually resulting in death due to the severe damage to the brain stem. Cobra is so aggressive in its growth that autopsies reveal a brain almost liquefied by cell lysis. Cobra is shown to have a case fatality rate of almost 98%, with only one survivor out of 43 people infected.
Impact of the book
President Bill Clinton was reportedly sufficiently impressed by the scenarios described in the book that they asked aides and officials for closer study and suggested more funding for research into bioterrorism threats. However, some variation exists in the assorted accounts of this episode in their administration, about their degree of concern, who was asked to help, the depth of inquiry, the formal status of their orders, and the magnitude of expense involved.
References
Biological warfare
1998 American novels
American thriller novels
Novels by Richard Preston
Fictional viruses
Fictional microorganisms
Bioterrorism in fiction
Novels about mass murder
El Carrascalejo is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 68 inhabitants.
References
External links
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
7th Signal Regiment may refer to:
7 Signal Regiment (United Kingdom), former regiment of the Royal Corps of Signals, British Army
7th Signal Regiment (Australia), current Australian Army signals intelligence unit
7th Signal Regiment (Italy), current regiment of the Italian Army
Rădoiești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cetatea, Rădoiești-Deal and Rădoiești-Vale (the commune center).
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Bagnold's fluid refers to a suspension of neutrally buoyant particles in a Newtonian fluid such as water or air. The term is named after Ralph Alger Bagnold, who placed such a suspension in an annular coaxial cylindrical rheometer in order to investigate the effects of grain interaction in the suspension.
Constitutive relations
By experiments described in their 1954 paper, Bagnold showed that when a shear flow is applied to the suspension, then the shear and normal stresses in the suspension may vary linearly or quadratically with the shear rate, depending on the strength of viscous effects compared to the particles' inertia.
If the shear and normal stresses in the mixture (suspension: mixture of solid and fluid) vary quadratically with the shear rate, the flow is said to satisfy Bagnold's grain-inertia flow. If this relation is linear, then the motion is said to satisfy Bagnold's macro-viscous flow.
These relationships, particularly the quadratic relationship, are referred to as the Bagnold rheology.
Although Bagnold used wax spheres suspended in a glycerin-water-alcohol mixture, many subsequent shear-cell experiments for both wet and dry mixtures, as well as computer simulations, have confirmed these relations.
Bagnold's rheology can be used to describe debris and granular flows down inclined slopes.
Explanation
For low shear rates, dilute suspensions or suspensions involving small particles, the viscosity of the fluid is a much stronger effect than the inertia of the particles. The particles do not interact strongly with each other. By considering the forces on a particle in a fluid in the Stokes regime, it can be shown that the presence of the particle simply increases the 'effective viscosity' of the fluid.
At high shear rates, the inertia of the particles is the dominant effect, and the suspension's behaviour is governed by collisions between particles. In their 1954 paper, Bagnold justified the quadratic relationship by collisional arguments. They considered an idealised situation in which layers of particles are regular, and slide and collide regularly with each other. Then the impulse of each collision between particles is proportional to the shear rate, and so is the number of collisions per unit time; and hence the total impulse on a particle per unit time is proportional to the square of the shear rate.
Sedimentation
If the particles in the suspension are not neutrally buoyant, then the additional effect of settling also takes place. Pudasaini (2011) used the above constitutive relations to establish a scaling law for the sedimentation time. It is found analytically that the macro-viscous fluid settles much faster than the grain-inertia fluid, as manifested by dispersive pressure.
Given the same time, the macroviscous fluid is settled 6/5 unit length compared to the unit length settlement of the grain-inertia fluid as measured from the nose-tip of the flowfront that has already settled to the back side of the debris. Therefore, the macroviscous fluid settles (completely stops to flow) 20% faster than the grain-inertia fluid. Due to the dispersive pressure in grain-inertia fluid, the settlement process is delayed by 20% for the grain-inertia fluid than for the macroviscous fluid. This is meaningful because particles are more agitated due to higher dispersive pressure in grain-inertia fluids than in macroviscous fluids. Once the material comes close to rest, these dispersive forces (induced by the quadratic shear rate), are still active for grain-inertia fluid but macroviscous fluid settles relatively faster because it is less dispersive. This provides a tool to approximate and estimate the final settlement time (the time at which the entire fluid body is at rest). These are mechanically important relationships concerning the settlement time and the settlement lengths between the grain-inertia and the macroviscous fluids.
References
Fluid dynamics
Owen Ronald Wilkes (1940 – 12 May 2005) was a peace campaigner and the founder of the Campaign Against Foreign Control of Aotearoa and the Anti-Bases Campaign, who was given a suspended prison sentence for espionage in Norway (the Wilkes/Gleditsch trial).
Early life
The son of a grocer, Wilkes grew up in Christchurch, attending Christchurch West High School and Canterbury University. They worked as a field assistant for the Bishop Museum of Hawaii, on expeditions to Antarctica and the Kermadec Islands. They worked on archaeological digs led by ethnologist Roger Duff.
Peace campaigning
They became politicised in the anti-war movement, which led to invitations to work for the International Peace Research Institute in Oslo and the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. These activities led to the 1982 Wilkes/Gleditsch trial in Norway for compiling materials from open sources into materials judged to reveal national secrets. Wilkes received a suspended prison sentence, as well as a fine. On their return to New Zealand from Norway after the trial, they found their Punakaiki house had been pulled down for being erected without a permit. After Wilkes took up beekeeping near Karamea in 1983, it was discovered that Customs was cooperating with the SIS to monitor their international mail. Nothing threatening national security was ever found.
Wilkes was highly visible in New Zealand in the 1970s and '80s as the public face of the peace movement. They campaigned against installations at Black Birch, Mt John and Tangimoana in New Zealand; and links between the New Zealand military and foreign powers.
Later life
In 1990 their only child Koa committed suicide while living in Christchurch, contributing to their retirement to Kawhia. After their retirement from the peace movement, they were active in the New Zealand Archaeological Association.
Having suffered bouts of depression all their life, they died by gassing themselves in their car on 12 May 2005.  They are commemorated by a park bench in Beckenham facing the Heathcote River, near where they grew up.
See also
List of peace activists
Publications
Loran-C and Omega. A Study of the Military Importance of Radio Navigation Aids. (1987) Co-authored by N.P.Gleditsch
The first New Zealand whole earth catalogue (1972) Edited by Owen Wilkes et al.
A checklist of U.S. military research projects and installations in New Zealand (1971) Owen Wilkes.
Norwegian
Onkel Sams kaniner – teknisk etterretning i Norge (1981) Co-authored by N.P.Gleditsch
Archaeology
1959 Wairau Bar. New Zealand Archaeological Association Newsletter 3(l):3-4.
1960 Site survey of west Nelson. New Zealand Archaeological Association Newsletter 4(1):22-31.
1962 Notes from Canterbury. New Zealand Archaeological Association Newsletter 5(2):110-111.
1964 Further work at South Bay. New Zealand Archaeological Association Newsletter 1(3):129-132,128.
1995 Site recording, site types and site distribution on the King Country coastline. Archaeology in New Zealand 38(4): 236-256.
1996 Review of F.L. Philips, Nga Tohu a Tainui: Landmarks of Tainui, Vol.2. Tohu Publishers, Otorohonga, 1995. Archaeology in New Zealand 39(2): 149-152.
1997a The Waikato site file: A stocktaking. Archaeology in New Zealand 40(1):33-39.
1997b. Archaeology in the Waikato: Some history. Archaeology in New Zealand, 40(2):143-158.
1998 Another look at stone structures near Mount Karioi. Archaeology in New Zealand 41(1): 65-74.
2000a. Excavation of a pa, R14/52 near Raglan: A Belated Report. Archaeology in New Zealand 43(1): 49-72.
2002b. Were moas really hunted to extinction in less than 100 years? Archaeology in New Zealand 43 (2): 112-120.
References
External links
Obituaries
1940 births
2005 deaths
Suicides in New Zealand
New Zealand archaeologists
New Zealand anti-war activists
New Zealand beekeepers
University of Canterbury alumni
People from Christchurch
People convicted of spying
Prisoners and detainees of Norway
Suicides by carbon monoxide poisoning
New Zealand people imprisoned abroad
People educated at Christchurch West High School
2005 suicides
20th-century archaeologists
Sheykh Mostafa or Shaikh Mustafa () may refer to:
Sheykh Mostafa, Kermanshah
Sheykh Mostafa, Razavi Khorasan
Fever is a 2016 Indian suspense thriller written and directed by Rajeev Jhaveri and produced by Ravi Agrawal, Mahesh Balekundri, Ajay Chabbria and Rajath Manjunath. The film features Gauahar Khan and Rajeev Khandelwal in the lead roles along with Gemma Atkinson, Caterina Murino and Ankita Makwana. The film was shot in Switzerland. Trailer of the film was released on 14 June 2016. The movie was released on 5 August 2016.
Plot
The movie starts with the protagonist, a man named Armin Salem (Rajeev Khandelwal), recovering in the hospital after a car accident and is diagnosed as suffering from retrograde amnesia. There are only a few things that they remember – their name, that they are originally from Paris and furthermore that they might have committed the murder of a woman named Rhea Wagner (Gemma Atkinson). They want to know who they really are and they keep repeating the same question to different characters. The answers are finally revealed.
They start getting flashbacks and remembers the identity of a woman identifying themselves as Kavya (Gauahar Khan) who keeps reappearing in their hallucinations along with Rhea. They then starts stalking him. Kavya's role in Armin's life is quite hazy but eventually the truth is revealed as to why they are too close to Armin. Things become interesting when Armin meets Rhea, and remembers that they are Karan who is a writer and all the clips that they see are the hidden shades of the writer himself. After losing the memory of Karan, the writer, they adopted the memory of Armin who used to work as a contract killer in their book.  They are shown to be very smooth with the ladies and is also very quick with a gun.
They also find out that the woman named Kavya is none other than their wife Pooja. When Pooja finds out that Karan has lost their memory, they introduce themselves with a fake identity to regain their husband as they were going through a rough patch in their marriage. They end up killing a woman named Grace Soni (Ankita Makwana), who is revealed to be Karan's girlfriend. They then manipulates them into thinking that someone is trying to trap them and that they will help them in every way possible. Finally, Pooja's motive is revealed when they help Armin dump the dead body of Grace and flee from the scene. Pooja admits that it was the fever of their inner rage that gave them the courage to love someone despite not being loved back.
Cast
Rajeev Khandelwal as Armin Salem / Karan Warrier
Gauahar Khan as Kavya Chaudhary / Pooja Warrier
Gemma Atkinson as Rhea Wagner
Victor Banerjee as Dr. David Roy
Caterina Murino as Irina Caro
Ankita Makwana as Grace Soni
Soundtrack
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Hindi-language films
2010s erotic thriller films
Indian erotic thriller films
Films shot in Switzerland
Films scored by Shamir Tandon
Films scored by Tony Kakkar
Films scored by Tanishk Bagchi
Pressed Steel may refer to:
Pressed Steel Car Company, a former American rolling stock manufacturer
Pressed Steel Company, a British company manufacturing most British automobile bodies and body panels
Maryland Pressed Steel Company, an American aircraft manufacturer
Detroit Pressed Steel Company
Pressed Steel Car Strike of 1909
See also
Stamping (metalworking)
Stamping press
Mount White-Fraser is a glaciated mountain located in the Boundary Ranges of British Columbia, Canada. It is situated north-northwest of Stewart, and northwest of Mount Bayard. Precipitation runoff from the peak and meltwater from the surrounding Salmon Glacier drains into the Salmon River. The mountain was named by the International Boundary Survey for one of its own members, George White-Fraser (1872-1920), who also served with the Canadian Infantry in France during World War I. The mountain's name was officially adopted March 31, 1924. Weather permitting, the mountain can be seen from the gravel Granduc Mine Road near Hyder, Alaska, which is seasonally open in summer.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount White-Fraser is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Coast Mountains where they are forced upward by the range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall. As a result, the Coast Mountains experience high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
See also
Geography of British Columbia
References
External links
Weather: Salmon Glacier
George White-Fraser
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
Cassiar Land District
The 2018–19 Valparaiso Crusaders men's basketball team represented Valparaiso University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Crusaders, led by third-year head coach Matt Lottich, played their home games at the Athletics–Recreation Center as second-year members of the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 15–18, 7–11 in MVC play to finish in a tie for eighth place. As the No. 9 seed in the MVC Tournament, they defeated Indiana State in the first round before losing to Loyola in the quarterfinals.
Previous season
The Crusaders finished the 2017–18 season 15–17, 6–12 in MVC play to finish in last place in their first season as members of the MVC. They lost in the first round of the Missouri Valley Tournament to Missouri State.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2018 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MVC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MVC Tournament
Source
References
Valparaiso
Valparaiso Beacons men's basketball seasons
Valparaiso Crusaders men's basketball
Valparaiso Crusaders men's basketball
Everybody Can Suck It is the fifth stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin on Bravo and their seventh overall. It was televised live from the Wells Fargo Center for the Arts in Santa Rosa, California on on Bravo.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Cori Abraham - executive producer
Frances Berwick - executive producer
Tom Bull - supervising producer
Scott Butler - producer
Sandy Chanley - executive producer
Kathy Griffin - executive producer
Mark Hansson - line producer
Amy Introcaso - executive producer (as Amy Introcaso-Davis)
Keith Truesdell - producer
Brent Carpenter - film editor
Grady Cooper - film editor
Joshua Harman - film editor
Mark Hoffman - production design
Larry Reed - sound mixer
Rick Granville - assistant: Sandy Chanley
Mark Hansson - associate director
Visuals and imagery
Adam Christopher - hair stylist / makeup artist
Zachary Boggs - camera operator: aerial cinematography
Simon Miles - lighting designer
Joe Victoria - jib operator
Judith Brewer Curtis - wardrobe stylist (as Judith Curtis)
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2007 live albums
Soleymani (, also Romanized as Soleymānī; also known as Soleymānīyeh) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 251, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Maria Williams may refer to:
Maria P. Williams, credited as the first Black woman film producer
Maria Jane Williams, Welsh musician and folklorist
See also
Marie Williams (disambiguation)
Morocco competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia. Three competitors represented Morocco at the event, all in karate.
Medalists
Karate
El-Mehdi Benrouida won the bronze medal in the men's kumite 60 kg event.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Moroccan sport
2013
Liu Jiao (Chinese:劉交, died 178 BC) was a younger brother of Emperor Gaozu of Han and a famous scholar.
Biography
In early life, they studied at the Qin capital as a scholar, and left after the Burning of books and burying of scholars event. After Han Xin lost their title in 201 BC, Emperor Gaozu divided the existing Chu territory into Chu and Jing. Among the four brothers of Emperor Gaozu, Jiao was most trusted, they were made Prince Yuan of Chu, while a clan member Liu Jia was made Prince of Jing. In 178 BC, Jiao died and their second son, Liu Yingke succeeded the Prince of Chu title. Jiao's grandson, Liu Wu was one of the rebel prince in the Rebellion of the Seven States.
Family
Parents
Liu Taigong
Lady Li, Retired Empress
Siblings
Liu Bang, Emperor Gaozu of Han
Empress Zhao'ai
Descendant
Liu Yu, Emperor Wu of Liu Song
References
178 BC deaths
Han dynasty imperial princes
Year of birth unknown
Politicians from Xuzhou
Han dynasty politicians from Jiangsu
Han dynasty generals from Jiangsu
Emperor Gaozu of Han
Han dynasty essayists
Writers from Xuzhou
Jevrem Jezdić (March 13, 1916 – December 9, 1997) was a Serbian historian, publicist and writer.
Biography
Jezdić was born in Polača, at the time in Austria-Hungary.
At the end of the 1950s Jezdić illegally fled to the USSR together with their wife and daughter, as a part of the so-called "informbiro" emigration. As a sympathizer of Joseph Stalin they were forced to escape to avoid persecution. When they arrived in Moscow, they were arrested under the allegation that they were a spy of the Communistic Party of Yugoslavia. They spent three months in the notorious prison Lubyanka in Moscow. They were released thanks to the initiative of some influential members of the NKVD secret police. Ana Jezdić, their wife, spent more than five months in the prison. Them health was greatly damaged in the prison, so they died by the end of 1951 from pneumonia. Jezdić remained a true communist, but they never forgave the USSR authorities for the death of their wife.
They died in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Philosophical work of Jevrem Jezdić
During their long carrier, Jezdić wrote several dozens of philosophical discussions, of which only a few were published. Criticism of the authorities was one of their dominant motives. One of their crucial works is a discussion entitled, "Instead of the Law", which has an idealistic view on anarchism. It was published only in French.
One of Jezdić's early role-models was the Russian revolutionist and philosopher Mikhail Bakunin, because of their tempestuous life.
The most colorful character from Jezdić's novel "Contempt" is a mysterious old man Aleksei Krinkop, who shouts: "Where authorities exist, freedom is gone", which is a motto of several anarchistic groups. This character was based upon the Russian philosopher, historian, and writer Peter Kropotkin. Jezdić also wrote the analysis of the Russo-Japanese War, and the Russian revolution of 1905.
Bibliography
Proudhon and mutualism
The defeat of the Paris commune
The materialism of Lenin
Ils se comportent comme s'ils étaient la loi (Substitute for the law)
The defeat of the individual will
The lost revolution (1949)
In chains (1962)
Molestation (1965)
Foibe (1967)
The small town child (1972)
Eyes in the fog (1977)
The massacre in the church of Glina (1982)
The contempt (1983)
The feast (1983)
The years that disappeared (1989)
Cristal nights (1990)
Argentinian nights (2000)
References
BOGOMOLOV, Nikolaj A. Russkaja literatura načala XX veka : issledovanija i materially / N. A. Bogomolov. – Moskva : Novoe literaturnoe obozrenie, 1999. – 549 str.; 22 cm.UDK 882.09"19"(S-19648)
Moskva : Novoe literaturnoe obozrenie, [2001]. – 389 str.; 22 cm. UDK 882.09-1 (S-19718)
LITERATURA russkogo zarubež'ja Literatura russkogo zarubež'ja : 1940-1970. Vyp. 2 / [otvetstvennyj redaktor O. N. Mihajlov]. – Moskva : IMLI : Nasledie, 2001. – 327 str.; 21 cm. UDK 882(100).09 “1940/1970” (S-19746)
1916 births
1997 deaths
People from Polača
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian writers
Serbian communists
Yugoslav expatriates in the Soviet Union
Yugoslav communists
Yugoslav philosophers
20th-century Serbian philosophers
"Token Angels" is a song by Australian recording artist Wendy Matthews. It was released in September 1990 as the lead single from their debut solo studio album, Émigré.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 1991, the song won the ARIA Award for Breakthrough Artist - Single.
Matthews subsequently included the song on their 1999 greatest hits album, Stepping Stones, and their 2007 compilation album, The Essential Wendy Matthews.
Track listing
CD Maxi / 12" single
"Token Angels" - 4:53
"Iroquois Lullaby"
"Fruit Bearing Tree"
Charts
References
1990 singles
1990 songs
Wendy Matthews songs
ARIA Award-winning songs
The Galathea expeditions comprise a series of three Danish ship-based scientific research expeditions in the 19th, 20th and 21st centuries, carried out with material assistance from the Royal Danish Navy and, with regard to the second and third expeditions, under the auspices of the Danish Expedition Foundation. All three expeditions circumnavigated the world from west to east and followed similar routes.
First expedition
Preparations
The first Galathea Expedition took place from 1845 to 1847 and had political and scientific objectives. It was initiated by the King of Denmark, Christian VIII, with its main purposes the handover of the Danish colonies in India, following their sale to the British East India Company, as well as a final Danish attempt to explore and recolonise the Nicobar Islands in the Indian Ocean. Additional aims were the expansion of trade with China and the discovery of new trading opportunities, as well as making extensive scientific collections.
The Galathea was a three-masted sailing ship, a naval corvette which had been built in 1831 at the Gammelholm naval shipyard in Copenhagen. It was in length and had a draught of . When it departed on its voyage under the leadership of Captain Steen Andersen Bille it carried 231 seamen and scientists, 36 guns, and supplies for one year.
The scientists included physician and assistant botanist Didrik Ferdinand Didrichsen, botanist Bernhard Casper Kamphøvener, entomologist Carl Emil Kiellerup, geologist Hinrich Johannes Rink and zoologists Wilhelm Friedrich Georg Behn and Johannes Theodor Reinhardt, not all of whom remained for the duration of the voyage, as well as sketch artist Johan Christian Thornam and genre painter Poul August Plum.
It was an expensive undertaking, with a budget of nearly half a million Rixdollars, equivalent to 3% of Denmark's annual state revenues at the time.
The voyage
The Galathea left Copenhagen on 24 June 1845 and, after a provisioning stop at Madeira, sailed southwards around Africa to India, where they visited Tranquebar, Pondicherry, Madras and Calcutta. In Calcutta an additional ship, the steamboat Ganges, was purchased and the carrier Christine hired, to assist with work in the Nicobar Islands. Considerable time and effort was expended at the Nicobars; most of January 1846 was spent in the northern Nicobar islands, and February in the southern. As well as scientific surveys and collecting, preparations were made for a new colony based at Pulo Milu. Several people, including the geologist Rink, remained there when the expedition departed, though the nascent colony was abandoned only two years later.
The Galathea proceeded to Southeast Asia, calling at Penang, Singapore, Batavia, and Manila before heading for the Chinese coast and visiting Hong Kong, Macau, Canton, Amoy, and Shanghai. An attempt to stop at Japan was rebuffed by the authorities there. The ship then crossed the Pacific Ocean, visiting the Hawaiian archipelago and Tahiti on the way, to Valparaiso, Callao, and Lima in South America, before rounding Cape Horn. Further visits were made to Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Rio de Janeiro, and Bahia, following which the Galathea headed back to Denmark, anchoring in Copenhagen harbour on 24 August 1847 after a voyage of more than two years. During the course of the voyage 20 Danish sailors had died and several others were discharged.
Results
The expedition returned with 93 containers of "zoological, entomological, botanical and geological Objects". There were also 21 boxes of ethnographic material, a large collection from Java, as well as gifts from scientists in many of the cities and ports visited by the expedition. The intention of Christian VIII was to sponsor the publication of the scientific results of the expedition. However, the King died in January 1848 and the country was thrown into the Three Years' War. Most of the boxes of collected items lay unopened for many years and, with some exceptions, were never properly processed, nor the full results formally published. The collections subsequently served mainly as reference material.
Second expedition
The second expedition was conceived in 1941 in discussions between journalist and author Hakon Mielche and oceanographer and ichthyologist Anton Frederik Bruun. It was originally hoped to send out a second expedition on the centenary of the first; however, World War II intervened and preparations had to be postponed. In June 1945 the two protagonists, along with explorers Eigil Knuth, Ebbe Munch and Henning Haslund-Christensen, decided to establish the Danish Expedition Foundation, which was to raise funds for the second Galathea, as well as other, expeditions.
The expedition eventually started in 1950, with its main purpose deep sea oceanography. For the use of the expedition a British sloop, HMS Leith, was acquired and renamed HDMS Galathea. It was long and wide, with a draught of and was powered by two steam turbines that gave it a cruising speed of . Galathea 2 left Copenhagen in October 1950 carrying a crew of about 100 seamen and scientists, visiting many of the same places the original Galathea had visited over a century earlier. The main difference in the route taken from the earlier expedition was in using the Panama Canal, rather than the Drake Passage at the southern end of South America, to transit between the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic. From 1950 to 1952 the expedition carried out a program of scientific exploration; the highlight occurred in July 1951 when, while investigating the Philippine Trench, scientists secured biological material from a record depth of . The expedition returned to Copenhagen in June 1952 where the ship was welcomed by a crowd of 20,000 people.
Results
The second Galathea expedition led to the discovery of, among other things, the fish species Antipodocottus galatheae and Abyssobrotula galatheae, the snail species Guttula galatheae and, above all, living Monoplacophora, a class of "ancestral mollusc" which until then was known only from the fossil record. The biggest sensation at the time, however, was the discovery of barnacles on a rock from the bottom of the Philippine Trench since it had been assumed that life could not exist at this sea depth. Dr Claude E. ZoBell, the 'Father of Marine Microbiology', was aboard this expedition.
Third expedition
The third expedition took place during 2006–2007, using the offshore patrol frigate HDMS Vædderen, which was refitted to serve as an expedition ship. It is a Thetis class frigate which was built at the Svendborg Shipyards in 1990 and is m long and m wide. Although the voyage was publicised as the third Galathea expedition, the ship itself was not renamed.
The expedition's main purpose was to carry out research on climate and weather changes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and marine biology. It left Copenhagen in August 2006 and visited the Faroe Islands and Greenland, then travelled southwards through the Atlantic Ocean along the west coast of Africa to Cape Town. It then crossed the Indian Ocean to Australia, the Solomon Islands, New Zealand, and Antarctica, before sailing northwards along the west coast of South America to the Panama Canal, then sailing through the Caribbean and visiting New York, before returning to Denmark in April 2007.
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
External links
Scientific Results of The Danish Deep-Sea Expedition GALATHEA 2
Global expeditions
Oceanographic expeditions
Science and technology in Denmark
Royal Danish Navy
Exploration ships
Research vessels
Expeditions from Denmark
Instant Pleasure is Rockell's second album, released on October 10, 2000, on Robbins Entertainment. It is more pop oriented than their debut and was mostly produced by Tony Moran and Hex Hector. The album features the hit singles "What U Did 2 Me", "Tears" and "The Dance".
Track listing
Chart positions
Singles - Billboard (North America)
2000 albums
Rockell albums
Regő Szánthó (born 22 November 2000) is a Hungarian football midfielder who plays for Fortuna Liga club DAC Dunajská Streda on loan from Ferencváros.
Club career
Ferencváros
On 16 June 2020, they became champion with Ferencváros by beating Honvéd Budapest at the Hidegkuti Nándor Stadion on the 30th match day of the 2019–20 Nemzeti Bajnokság I season.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
profile
2000 births
Sportspeople from Győr
Living people
Hungarian footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Hungary under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Győri ETO FC players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Soroksár SC players
Zalaegerszegi TE players
FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Slovak Super Liga players
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Ericolol is a beta blocker.
References
Beta blockers
Chloroarenes
Tert-butyl compounds
Tidyup may refer to:
"Tidyup", a fictional character in the British television series Stoppit and Tidyup
"Tidy Up Song", a song by The Wiggles from their 1992 album Here Comes a Song
Brian Thomas (18 May 1940 – 9 July 2012) was a Welsh rugby union lock, most notable for their time playing for and later managing Neath RFC. They were capped for Wales 21 times between 1964 and 1969 and was part of three Five Nations winning teams.
Rugby career
Thomas played rugby as a school boy, and was selected to represent their country for the Welsh Secondary Schools side. On leaving Neath Grammar School, they matriculated to Cambridge University, where they were selected for the University team, and won three sporting 'Blues' playing in the Varsity Match in 1960, 1961 and 1962. During their time back in Wales, away from College, they represented their local team Neath, and faced the touring South African team of 1961 as part of a joint Aberavon / Neath side. On leaving Cambridge they returned to Neath where they became an integral member of the Neath team. At the age of 22, they were selected for their first full international cap when they were chosen to represent Wales against England as part of the 1963 Five Nations Championship.
Thomas went on to represent Wales 21 times between 1963 and 1969, each of their caps won as a Neath player, their only senior club. They toured twice with Wales, in 1964 to South Africa, playing in all four games, and in 1969 to Australasia and Fiji. While at Neath they captained them for two seasons between 1966 and 1968.
In 1981 Thomas became the team manager of Neath, and during that time they led them to five club titles, as Welsh Club Champions in 1986/87, 1988/89 and 1989/90, then as the winners of Welsh Premier Division in 1990/91 and 1995/96. In their 1989 book The Rugby Clubs of Wales, David Parry-Jones describes' Thomas as bringing a "fresh dimension to the tradition of tough, closely concentrated forward play" who was able to "attract and mould distant talent which might otherwise have found its way into other clubs".
Thomas was father-in-law to Wales international Rowland Phillips and Neath flanker Robin Jones. They were the grandfather of Swansea second-row Jack Jones.
References
1940 births
2012 deaths
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
Neath RFC players
People educated at Neath Grammar School for Boys
Rugby union locks
Rugby union players from Neath
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union coaches
Welsh rugby union players
Afedena is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows southwestward to empty finally in Giba and Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 35 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment. At Afedena, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Lower basalt
Amba Aradam Formation
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
B. orientalis may refer to:
Bagrus orientalis, a fish species found in Malawi and Tanzania
Bangasternus orientalis, the yellow starthistle bud weevil, a beetle species native to southern Europe and the Mediterranean
Batis orientalis, the grey-headed batis, a bird species found in Africa
Berlinia orientalis, a legume species found in Mozambique and Tanzania
Blatta orientalis, the oriental cockroach or waterbug, a large cockroach species
Bolbena orientalis, a praying mantis species
Bombina orientalis, the Oriental fire-bellied toad, a small semi-aquatic toad species found in Korea, north-eastern China and adjacent parts of Russia
Braula orientalis, a bee lice fly species in the genus Braula
Brunnera orientalis, a plant species in the genus Brunnera
Bunias orientalis, a plant species
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Peak gold is the date at which the maximum rate of global gold extraction is reached. According to Hubbert peak theory, after the peak, the rate of production declines until it approaches zero. Unlike petroleum, which is destroyed in use, gold can be reused and recycled.
Supply and demand
World gold demand (defined in terms of total consumption excluding central banks) in 2007 was 3,519 tonnes. Gold demand is subdivided into central bank reserve increases, jewellery production, industrial consumption (including dental), and investment (bars, coins, exchange-traded funds, etc.)
The supply of gold is provided by mining, official sales (typically gold by central banks), de-hedging (physical delivery of metal sold months before by mining companies on terminal markets) and old gold scraps. The total world supply of gold in 2007 was 3,497 tonnes. Gold production (mining) does not need to make up for gold demand because gold is a reusable resource. Currently, yearly gold mining produces 2% of the existing above-ground gold which is 158,000 tonnes (as of 2006). In 2008, gold mining produced 2,400 tonnes of gold, official gold sales close to 300 tonnes, and dehedging (physical delivery of metal sold months before by mining companies on terminal markets) close to 500 tonnes.
Timing of peak production
World mined gold production has peaked four times since 1900: in 1912, 1940, 1971, and 2001, each peak being higher than previous peaks. The latest peak was in 2001, when production reached 2,600 metric tons, then declined for several years. Production started to increase again in 2009, spurred by high gold prices, and achieved record new highs each year from 2011 through 2015, when production reached 3,100 tonnes. Early estimates of 2016 gold production indicate that it was flat to 2015 production, at 3,100 tonnes.
In 2009, Barrick CEO Aaron Regent claimed that global production had peaked in 2000. Barrick's production costs have been "trending down" despite this peak, reaching . In 2006, with gold at , Roland Watson claimed that gold production had peaked in 2001 due to falling exploration in the 1990s, when gold prices were low. They predicted that higher prices and new technologies would boost gold production to higher levels in the future.
In July 2012, Natural Resource Holdings CEO Roy Sebag wrote a report entitled "2012 World Gold Deposit Ranking" claiming that gold production would peak between 2022 and 2025 due to the markedly lower grades and remote locations of the remaining known undeveloped deposits. "Consequently, the guaranteed depletion in the existing production mix coupled with a more realistic introduction of new mines into the mix (as opposed to our theoretical
tomorrow scenario) makes it clear that barring multiple high-grade, multi-million ounce
discoveries each year, a significant increase in gold production is unlikely. Moreover our
calculations point towards gold production peaking at some point
between 2022 and 2025 assuming the per year figure is maintained."
Charles Jeannes, the CEO of Goldcorp, the world's largest gold miner by market capitalization, stated in September 2014 that Peak Gold would be reached in either 2014 or 2015. "Whether it is this year or next year, I don't think we will ever see the gold production reach these levels again," they claimed. "There are just not that many new mines being found and developed."
References
Gold
Gold
SM UB-118 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 22 January 1918 as SM UB-118.
UB-118 was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 21 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. They were allocated to British explosive trials at Falmouth (see , , , , and ), but began to take water while in tow from Devonport to Falmouth, and was therefore sunk by their escort on 21 November 1920.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 13 December 1917. UB-118 was commissioned early the next year under the command of Kptlt. Hermann Arthur Krauß. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-118 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-118 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-118 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1917 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats sunk in 1919
The Great Panjandrum Himself is one of sixteen picture books created by the illustrator Randolph Caldecott. The book was published in 1885 by Frederick Warne & Co. It was the last book illustrated by Caldecott, who died the following year.
The text for the book, well known during Caldecott's time, was written and published in 1775 by Samuel Foote. It is based on a line of gibberish written by Foote ("And there were present the Picninnies, and the Joblillies, and the Garyulies and the Grand Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at the top."), written to test the memory of the actor Charles Macklin, who had claimed they could repeat any text verbatim after hearing it once.
The term "panjandrum" has since become used to describe a powerful person, or a self-important official. The word is used in the 1909 song "I've Got Rings On My Fingers", "...they named them Chief Pan Jan Drum, Nabob of them all..."
During World War II, the British military named an experimental rocket-propelled weapon the Panjandrum. Such a character also appears as a deus ex machina in the Thursday Next series, set in a fictional 'BookWorld' created by the Panjandrum.
References
External links
British children's books
British picture books
1885 books
1880s children's books
Frederick Warne & Co books
The Serra do Mar tyrant-manakin (Neopelma chrysolophum), or Serra do Mar neopelma or the Serra tyrant-manakin, is a species of bird in the Pipridae, or manakin family. It is endemic to humid mountain forest and woodland in south-eastern Brazil. It was formerly considered a subspecies of Wied's tyrant-manakin.
References
External links
"Serra tyrant-manakin" videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Graphic and Article
Serra do Mar tyrant-manakin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Serra do Mar tyrant-manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Lockwood Drifter is a family of high wing, single engine, pusher configuration, open cockpit, one and two-seat kit aircraft that was first introduced in the 1980s by Maxair and remains in production today by Lockwood Aircraft of Sebring, Florida.
Development
The Drifter was first marketed by Maxair in the 1980s as both a single seat and two seats-in-tandem kitplane. The original single seater was light enough when fitted with the Rotax 277 engine to qualify for the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles category, with an empty weight of .
After Maxair went out of business, the design was picked up in 1997 by Lockwood Aircraft who produced kits for a number of single and two-seat versions, mostly differing by installed engine. The Lockwood versions are all wire-braced using a kingpost to support the ground wires. Over 1000 wire-braced Drifters have been completed and flown.
Lockwood estimates that a builder will take 300 hours to complete a Super Drifter from the currently supplied kit.
Australian developments
From the 1983, Austflight ULA originally based at Ballina, New South Wales began licence production of the Drifter. In 1986, the company moved to purpose built facilities at Boonah, Queensland where they built fully assembled Drifter variants certified by Civil Aviation Safety Authority for the Australian market with powerplants including Rotax 503 to Rotax 582 and Rotax 912 engines. Further improvements led to the Strut Braced (SB) version built to CAO 101.55 class certification in December 1993. The Drifter SB was sold in the US in the 1990s by Tiger Aviation of Trenton, South Carolina. Over 500 strut braced Drifters were completed and flown.
In late 1995 a joint venture called the Shanghai Fenton Light Aircraft Company (SFLAC) was established with the Shanghai Aircraft Manufacturing Factory for the manufacture of Australian versions in China. Austflight suffered financial losses due to the costs associated with certification and the joint venture agreement. In May 2002 Austflight sold the last of its assets and transferred the Drifter Type Certificate to Noosa Air Pty Ltd. Drifter Aircraft Pty Ltd of Dalby, Queensland was incorporated in 2006 to manufacture and market the Drifter and on the 1st of June 2006 was issued with a production certificate by CASA.
Design
All models of the Drifter are built around an aluminum tube keel, with aluminum tubing making up the keel-to-wing structure. There is no enclosed fuselage; the seats are open to the air. The conventional landing gear includes a steerable tailwheel. Most Drifter kits were delivered with a small fibreglass nose fairing.
The wing is built from aluminum tubing and covered with pre-sewn Dacron sailcloth envelopes. Controls are conventional three-axis, with dual controls and center-mounted control sticks. Lockwood offers optional flaps as part of its STOL kit. The single seat Drifter and XP503 are both stressed for +6/-3g.
With its large wing area the Drifter adapted well to floats and was fitted with several types, including Full Lotus floats. The glide ratio is 9:1.
Operational history
Drifters have been widely used in a number of roles, including recreational flying, agricultural spraying, aerial photography, flight training and banner towing, during which many Drifters have accumulated high numbers of flying hours, leading one reviewer to note: "its long track record has revealed no weakness in the Drifter". A number of Lockwood XP503s have been reported to have exceeded 3000 hours and one Drifter used for banner towing exceeded 10,000 flight hours.
In reviewing the Drifter, Andre Cliche said:
Bayerl et al. describe the aircraft as "light in weight, but aerodynamically handicapped", due to its high-drag cable bracing.
Variants
Maxair Drifter
Single seat, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 277 engine, gross weight.
Maxair Drifter DR447
Single seat, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 447 engine, gross weight. Intended for float use.
Maxair Drifter XP503
Two seats in tandem, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 503 engine, gross weight.
Lockwood Drifter DR447
Single seat, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 447 engine, gross weight.
Lockwood Drifter XP503
Two seats in tandem, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 503 engine, gross weight.
Lockwood Drifter MU582
Two seats in tandem, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 582 engine, gross weight. Intended for float and agricultural use.
Lockwood Super Drifter
Two seats in tandem, wire braced, equipped with Rotax 912 engine, gross weight. Intended for amphibious float use.
Tiger Aviation Drifter SB
Two seats in tandem, strut braced, equipped with the Rotax 582 engine or optionally the Jabiru 2200 engine, gross weight. 500 reported as flying.
Specifications (Super Drifter)
See also
References
External links
Official website archive on Archive.org
Photo of a wire braced Maxair Drifter
1980s United States ultralight aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Parasol-wing aircraft
Einsjäger und Siebenjäger is the fifth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1974 on Kosmische Musik. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with two bonus tracks. "Wo bist Du?" was originally released on Popol Vuh's album Die Nacht der Seele as "Wo bist Du, der Du überwunden hast?".
The album's title is a German translation of the names of two characters in the Popol Vuh, Hun-Hunahpu and Vucub-Hunahpu ("One-Hunter" and "Seven-Hunter").
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except 1, 3 composed by Daniel Fichelscher. Lyrics by Salomo, revised by Florian Fricke.
"Kleiner Krieger" – 1:04
"King Minos" – 4:24
"Morgengruß" – 2:59
"Würfelspiel" – 3:08
"Gutes Land" – 5:13
"Einsjäger und Siebenjäger" – 19:23
2004 bonus tracks
"King Minos II" – 1:55
"Wo bist Du?" – 5:42
Personnel
Florian Fricke – piano, spinett
Daniel Fichelscher – electric guitar, 12-string guitar, percussion
Djong Yun – vocals
Guest musicians
Olaf Kübler – flute (on 4)
Credits
Recorded at Bavaria Studios, Munich, May 1974
Engineered by H. Meier
Mixed & produced by Popol Vuh for Cosmic Couriers
Cover design by Peter Geitner
Photography by Bettina Fricke
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20081029050641/http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119184752/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia70.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/einsjag.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1974 albums
Space rock albums
The 1947 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 16th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Kerry entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the All-Ireland semi-final
On 14 September 1947, Tyrone won the championship following a 4-4 to 4-3 defeat of Mayo in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Offaly wins the Leinster title for the first time in their history.
References
1947
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The Schweich Lectures on Biblical Archaeology are a series of lectures delivered and published under the auspices of the British Academy. The Leopold Schweich Trust Fund, set up in 1907, was a gift from Miss Constance Schweich in memory of their father. It provided for three public lectures to be delivered annually (now triennially) on subjects related to ‘the archaeology, art, history, languages and literature of Ancient Civilization with reference to Biblical Study'. The three papers given by each lecturer are published together in book form, by Oxford University Press. There have been many reprintings.
Catalogue of titles
Book details are preceded by the year of delivery of the lectures. The date of publication is usually a year or two later.
1908. Modern Research as illustrating the Bible. by S.R. Driver
1909. The Composition of the Book of Isaiah in the Light of History and Archaeology. by Robert H Kennett
1910. The Early Poetry of Israel in its Physical and Social Origins. by George Adam Smith
1911. The Philistines: Their History and Civilization. by R. A. Stewart Macalister
1912. The Relations between the Laws of Babylonia and the Laws of the Hebrew Peoples. by C H W Johns
1913. Jewish and Christian Apocalypses. by F. Crawford Burkitt
1914. Une Communauté Judéo-Araméenne à Éléphantine, en Égypte, aux VIe et Ve Siècles av. J.-C. by A van Hoonacker
1915. The Text of the Old Testament. by Édouard Naville
1916. Legends of Babylon and Egypt in relation to Hebrew Tradition. by Leonard W. King
1917. Israel's Settlement in Canaan: The Biblical Tradition and its Historical Background. by C F Burney
1918. The Hittites. by A. E. Cowley
1919. Lectures on the Apocalypse. by R. H. Charles
1920. The Septuagint and Jewish Worship: A Study in Origins. by H St John Thackeray
1921. The Relations between Arabs and Israelites prior to the Rise of Islam. by D S Margoliouth
1922. Campaigns in Palestine from Alexander the Great. by Israel Abrahams
1923. The Samaritans: Their History, Doctrines and Literature. by Moses Gaster
1924. Kings of the Hittites. by David George Hogarth
1925. The Religion of Ancient Palestine in the Light of Archaeology. by Stanley A Cook
1926. Palestine in General History. by Theodore H. Robinson, J. W. Hunkin & F.C. Burkitt
1927. The Apocalypse in Art. by Montague Rhodes James
1928. The Old and New Testaments in Muslim Religious Art. by Thomas W Arnold
1929. A Comparative Study of the Literatures of Egypt, Palestine, and Mesopotamia: Egypt's Contribution to the Literature of the Ancient World. by T. Eric Peet
1930. Ancient Synagogues in Palestine and Greece. by E L Sukenik
1931. Ancient Hebrew Social Life and Custom as Indicated in Law, Narrative and Metaphor. by R. H. Kennett
1932. Recent Developments in the Textual Criticism of the Greek Bible. by Frederic G. Kenyon
1933. Babylonian Menologies and the Semitic Calendars. by S. Langdon
1934. Archaeological History of Iran. by Ernst E. Herzfeld
1935. The Origins of Early Semitic Ritual. by S. H. Hooke
1936. The Cuneiform Texts of Ras Shamra-Ugarit. by Claude F. A. Schaeffer
1937. Early Churches in Palestine. by John Winter Crowfoot
1938. The Work of the Chronicler: Its Purpose and its Date. by Adam C. Welch
1939. The Hebrew Bible in Art. by Jacob Leveen
1940. Isaiah Chapters XL–LV: Literary Criticism and History. by Sidney Smith
1941. The Cairo Geniza. by Paul E. Kahle
1942. Some Hellenistic Elements in Primitive Christianity. by Wilfred Knox
1943. The Poem of Job: A Literary Study with a New Translation. by William Barron Stevenson
1944. Semitic Writing, from Pictograph to Alphabet. by G. R. Driver
1945. Ideas of Divine Rule in the Ancient East. by C. J. Gadd
1946. The Text of the Epistles: A Disquisition upon the Corpus Paulinum. by G. Zuntz
1947. The Contribution of Demotic to the Study of Egyptian History. by Stephen Glanville
1948. From Joseph to Joshua: Biblical Traditions in the Light of Archaeology. by H. H. Rowley
1949. Les Archives de Mari dans ses Rapports avec l'Ancien Testament. by Georges Dossin
1950. The Phoenicians. by A. M. Honeyman
1951. The Original Form of the Old New Testament. by G. D. Kilpatrick
1953. Les Araméens. by André Dupont-Sommer
1955. Assyria and the Old Testament. by Max Mallowan
1957. Une collection de Paroles de Jésus récemment découverte: L'Évangile selon Thomas. by Henri-Charles Puech
1959. L'Archéologie et les Manuscrits de la Mer Morte. by Roland de Vaux
1961. Social Organisation of Pre-Islamic South Arabia. by Alfred Felix Landon Beeston
1963. Amorites and Canaanites. by Kathleen M. Kenyon
1965. Mari, Ugarit, Hamath: Archaeological Contributions from Ancient Syria to the Old Testament, by Harald Ingholt
1967. Ethiopia and the Bible. by Edward Ullendorff
1970. Hazor. by Yigael Yadin
1972. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem. by Charles Coüasnon
1974. Mari et l'Ancien Testament. by André Parrot
1976. Some Aspects of Hittite Religion. by O.R. Gurney
1977. Manuscript, Society and Belief in Early Christian Egypt. by Colin H. Roberts
1983. Nebuchadrezzar and Babylon. by D. J. Wiseman
1984. Mari and the Early Israelite Experience. by Abraham Malamat
1986. The Variable Spellings of the Hebrew Bible. by James Barr
1989. The Bible in the Syriac Churches. by Sebastian Brock
1992. Ancient Interpretation of Sacred Books. by Henry Chadwick
1995. Translating the Bible: The Ethiopic Version of the Old Testament. by Michael A Knibb
1998. Symbol Systems of Ancient Palestine, in the light of Scarabs and Similar Seal-amulets. by Othmar Keel
2001. Idols of the People: Miniature Images of Clay in the Ancient Near East. by P.R.S. Moorey
2004. Ashkelon, Seaport of the Canaanites and the Philistines. by Lawrence Stager
2007. Ugaritic and the Beginnings of the West-Semitic Literary Tradition by Dennis G Pardee
2008. Archaeology and the Bible: A Broken Link? by Graham Davies
2010. Religion and Community in the Roman Near East: Constantine to Mahomet. by Fergus Millar
2013. Levantine Epigraphy and History in the Achaemenid Period. by André Lemaire
2016. Re-excavating Jerusalem: Archival Archaeology. by Kay Prag
2019. The Dead Sea Scrolls as archaeological artefacts, by George J. Brooke
Further reading
Graham Davies: The Schweich Lectures and Biblical Archaeology. Oxford University Press, Oxford 2011,
External links
Schweich Lectures page on British Academy website
Series of books
Lecture series
Biblical archaeology
Hemhofen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
"The Gift" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 47th overall. The episode was written by the series' creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Miguel Sapochnik, their directorial debut for the series.
This episode marks the final appearance for Peter Vaughan (Maester Aemon).
Plot
At the Wall
Jon and Tormund leave for Hardhome. Before they leave, Sam gives Jon a bag of dragonglass weapons, reminding them of their use against the White Walkers.
Sam and Gilly visit Maester Aemon, who dies in the night. Gilly is attacked by two brothers. Sam attempts to intervene and is badly beaten before Ghost scares them off. Gilly tends to Sam and the two have sex.
In the North
Sansa, whom Ramsay has imprisoned in their bedchamber, asks Reek to signal for help, but instead they tell Ramsay. Ramsay flays the maid from whom Sansa learned the signal, but while forcing Sansa to look on their body they discreetly steal a corkscrew; they also learn that Jon has become Lord Commander.
Stannis' troops are trapped at their camp by a snowstorm. Davos suggests returning to Castle Black to wait out the winter, but Stannis replies that doing so could delay them for years. Melisandre assures Stannis that they saw a vision of their victory, but asks for permission to sacrifice Shireen to R'hllor. Stannis is disgusted and refuses.
In Meereen
Daenerys and Daario discuss their pending marriage to Hizdahr zo Loraq.
Jorah and Tyrion are sold to a slaver, Yezzan, who is looking for fighters for the reopening of the fighting pits. They fight in front of Daenerys. Jorah reveals themselves to Daenerys and tells them they brought them a gift: Tyrion.
In Dorne
Myrcella is brought to speak with Jaime, and asks why they came to take them back to King's Landing, when what they want is to stay and marry Trystane.
In the cells, Tyene taunts Bronn by exposing their breasts to him, before explaining that their daggers, with which he'd been cut during their fight, had been coated with a slow-acting poison that would activate when their heart rate increased. Tyene gives them the antidote after they give in to their request that they call them the most beautiful woman in the world.
In King's Landing
Olenna demands the High Sparrow release Loras and Margaery, but the High Sparrow insists that the laws of the Faith be applied to everyone equally. Olenna meets Littlefinger and confronts them for giving Cersei information implicating Loras, but Littlefinger declares that they can implicate Cersei, too.
In the Red Keep, Tommen anguishes over their inability to help Margaery. Cersei speaks with the High Sparrow to advocate for Margaery and Loras's release. The High Sparrow has Cersei imprisoned, too.
Production
Writing
This episode was written by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, the series' creators. It contains content from George R. R. Martin's novels A Feast for Crows, chapters Samwell II, Samwell IV, and Cersei X and A Dance with Dragons, chapters The King's Prize, Tyrion X, and Daenerys IV.
Like other episodes in season 5, this episode differed considerably from Martin's novels in places. Aemon's death takes place at Castle Black rather than at sea, which Myles McNutt of A.V. Club notes, "establish[es] a shifting of the guard at Castle Black and marking Sam's reemergence as a more significant character." In what Sara Stewart of the New York Post calls "the biggest departure yet from the books," Tyrion actually meets Daenerys at the end of the episode, which has yet to happen as of A Dance with Dragons. The decision was largely approved by critics from The Atlantic and other publications. David Benioff cited the television adaptation's faster pace as part of the rationale behind this decision.
Filming
"The Gift" was directed by Miguel Sapochnik. It was their first time being a director for Game of Thrones; they also directed the subsequent episode, "Hardhome".
Reception
Ratings
"The Gift" was watched by 5.5 million and a 2.5 in the key 18–49 demographic during its first airing. This is significantly fewer viewers than the previous episode, "Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken", which had an audience of 6.2 million. According to Business Insider, likely causes for the lower ratings include backlash from the rape scene in "Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken", in response to which many fans announced they would stop watching the show, and increased use of streaming through HBO Now. Rebecca Martin of Wetpaint, however, maintains that the Memorial Day weekend air date was probably the only reason for the decrease in ratings. The season two episode "Blackwater", which also aired on Memorial Day weekend, also suffered a notable drop in ratings. Whatever the reason, the ratings for the episode immediately after "The Gift", "Hardhome", were higher than those of either "The Gift" or "Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken". With Live+7 DVR viewing factored in, the episode had an overall rating of 8.87 million viewers, and a 4.5 in the 18–49 demographic.
In the United Kingdom, the episode was viewed by 2.293 million viewers, making it the highest-rated broadcast that week. It also received 0.176 million timeshift viewers.
Critical reception
The episode received positive reviews. It scored 84% on Rotten Tomatoes from 50 reviews with an average rating of 7.59 out of 10 and the consensus reading: "'The Gift' is a jam-packed installment that delivers long-awaited plot turns in a satisfying manner, even though it continues a disturbing theme from the previous episode." Erik Kain of Forbes called this a "terrific, exciting, tense episode," though, like Myles McNutt of The A.V. Club, they questioned both the "anemic" Dorne storyline and the gratuitousness of Tyene exposing their breasts in the prison scene.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
at HBO.com
2015 American television episodes
Game of Thrones (season 5) episodes
Television episodes written by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss
Television episodes directed by Miguel Sapochnik
Khaneh Miran (, also Romanized as Khāneh Mīrān; also known as Khāneh-ye Amīrān and Mīrān) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 33 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
A Gorgeous Girl Like Me (), also known as A Gorgeous Bird Like Me, is a 1972 French film directed by François Truffaut, starring Bernadette Lafont. It is based on Henry Farrell's 1967 novel of the same name.
Truffaut called it "a sarcastic comedy thriller."
Plot
Stanislas Previne is a young sociologist, preparing a thesis on criminal women. They meet Camille Bliss in prison to interview them Camille is accused of having murdered their lover Arthur and their father. They tell Stanislas about their life and their love affairs.
Stanislas, much to the frustration of their secretary, who also has a crush on him, soon falls in love with Camille and works to find the evidence to prove their innocence. Their secretary tries to convince the sociologist that Camille is a "manipulative slut" but they cannot be convinced. Through investigation, the sociologist and their secretary find a young boy, an amateur filmmaker, who has captured the evidence they need on film to secure Camille's release from prison.
Once free, Camille, who always has loved music and has seduced the cabaret singer Sam Golden earlier in the film, becomes a cause célèbre and a singing star. Stanislas meets them after a performance, and they seduce them at their home; however, their husband (who is cuckolded many times during the film) discovers them and beats them up. Camille kills their husband and then plants the gun on their passed-out paramour.
When Stanislas is imprisoned for murder, Camille will do nothing to help the man who once freed them As they clean up the prison in the film's final segment, the camera pans to show Stanislas' secretary typing a manuscript on a nearby balcony, presumably the thesis that Stanislas began, but this time preparing one that will expose Camille as the manipulative seductress that Stanislas discovered them to truly be.
Cast
Bernadette Lafont as Camille Bliss
André Dussollier as Stanislas Prévine
Claude Brasseur as Maître Murene
Charles Denner as Arthur
Guy Marchand as Roger aka Sam Golden
Anne Kreis as Hélène
Philippe Léotard as Clovis Bliss
Gilberte Géniat as Isobel Bliss
Michel Delahaye as Marchal
Danièle Girard as Florence Golden
Martine Ferrière as prison secretary
Jacob Weizbluth as Alphonse, the mute
Jean-François Stévenin as the newspapers seller (uncredited)
François Truffaut as a journalist (voice, uncredited)
References
External links
1972 films
French comedy films
1970s French-language films
Films scored by Georges Delerue
Films directed by François Truffaut
Films with screenplays by Jean-Loup Dabadie
Films with screenplays by François Truffaut
Films based on American novels
1970s French films
Gendarme Mountain is a summit in Alberta, Canada.
The mountain keeps watch over the area like a gendarme, hence the name.
References
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Alberta's Rockies
Shelf ice is ice that forms when a portion of a lake surface freezes. It is often then washed upon the shore. The phenomenon is common within the Great Lakes.
Formation
Shelf ice forms from float ice. Float ice is like drift ice, but seldom becomes large enough to support humans or large animals. The cold temperatures freeze small areas of the open lake, forming float ice. Similar ice will form along the shoreline when the lake is calm. Over time, the ice will build up from continued freezing on the open lake and from snow accumulation on the surface. The surface of the Great Lake seldom remains calm enough for the entire surface to freeze. However, the smaller lakes, Lake St. Clair, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario will freeze over more often than the larger upper lakes. The wind pushes the float ice and creates waves which also move the ice. Over time, the ice will accumulate on the leeward shores of the lake. Like sand, which is moved by the wind and the waves, the ice begins to accumulate along the east and southern shore of Lake Michigan. When pushed onto the beach, it remains and over time, the ice accumulates on top of the beach and the ice already pushed ashore.
On days with a strong off-shore wind, an ice sheet may reach out into the lakes as far as the eye can see. But across the lake, there is likely to be open water several miles wide.
Structure
Shelf ice is a floating mat of ice, but unlike a pond or a small lake that freezes over, the shelf is not a uniform sheet of ice. Created by the wind and waves, the shelf ice is a jumble of ice chunks, pushed onto each other. It is as if you took a pile of rubble and pushed up against a wall. The more you push, the narrow the pile becomes, and it rises in a ridge. But there is nothing stable in the pile. The individual pieces (ice in the case of shelf ice) are not initially connected; they only float upon the water surface and rest upon each other. Many become jammed together but throughout the structure, there are pockets of air. Since each piece of ice developed independently, each is of a different thickness, creating variations in strength, density, and depth.
Over time, the 'shelf' extends out from the shore in a long-lasting floating ledge. The ledge can become very thick depending on the size of the ice pieces and the size of the air pockets. The ice sheet can be stabilized by grounding on shore or lake bottom, through additional freezing from seaspray, precipitation and undersurface ice formation and through melt/refreezing cycles from solar heating and weather variations. Therefore, an ice shelf can vary from a large flat surface to a jumbled pile of blocks with parallel ridges.
When a 'shelf' extends out to a sand bar, a ridge will form that is higher than the rest of the shelf. If there is more than one sand bar along a beach front, the ice shelf will form a ridge along each sand bar.
Dangers
Because of the uneven surface and possible air holes throughout shelf ice, the ice may give way unexpectedly. One can plummet several feet through an air pocket into open water. Self rescue is difficult due to the friability of the ice and the rate at which the cold water will sap energy.
Gallery
See also
Lake ice
References
Glaciology
Limnology
George Crampton (30 March 1875 – 27 December 1946) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a forward.
They made 1 appearance for South Africa in 1903.
References
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
1875 births
1946 deaths
Rugby union forwards
Griquas (rugby union) players
Ziezi Peak (, ) ia s rocky peak rising to 320 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica overlooking Targovishte Glacier to the west.
The feature is named after Ziezi, the mythical grandson of Noah, from whom the Bulgars descended, according to the 354 AD Roman Chronograph of Ravenna.
Location
The peak is located at which is 1.35 km east of Viskyar Ridge, 500 m south of Drangov Peak and 430 m west of Kormesiy Peak. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05 and mapping in 2009.
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
Ziezi Peak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Ziezi Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Oregon v. Kennedy, 456 U.S. 667 (1982), was a United States Supreme Court decision dealing with the appropriate test for determining whether a criminal defendant has been "goaded" by the prosecution's bad actions into motioning for a mistrial. This matters because the answer determines whether a defendant can be retried. Ordinarily, a defendant who requests a mistrial can be forced to stand trial a second time, see United States v. Dinitz. However, if the prosecution's conduct was "intended to provoke the defendant into moving for a mistrial," double jeopardy protects the defendant from retrial. The Court emphasized that only prosecutorial actions where the intent is to provoke a mistrial — and not mere "harassment" or "overreaching" — trigger the double jeopardy protection.
Background
Kennedy was charged with stealing an oriental rug. During the first trial, the State of Oregon called as a witness an expert on Middle Eastern rugs who could testify as to the value and the identity of the rug in question. The prosecutor had the following exchange with the witness:
Based on this exchange, Kennedy moved for a mistrial, and the trial judge granted the motion. When the state then attempted to retry Kennedy, they moved to dismiss the charges because of double jeopardy.
The Oregon Court of Appeals found in Kennedy's favor. The Court of Appeals ruled that the prosecution had not meant to force a mistrial, but still sided with Kennedy because it viewed the prosecution as "overreaching."
Opinion of the Court
The Supreme Court then rejected the standard used by the Court of Appeals, stressing that only "conduct intended to provoke the defendant into moving for a mistrial" would protect a defendant from a second trial following a mistrial.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 456
References
External links
1982 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
Tom Dunlap (born April 4, 1955) is an Ohio politician, law enforcement officer and educator. Dunlap served as Sheriff of Huron County, Ohio in the 1980s and has served as Huron County Commissioner since January 3, 2013.
Early life
Tom Dunlap was born in Norwalk, Ohio, on April 4, 1955, to Dale and Barbra Dunlap of Clarksfield, Ohio. Their mother was an office manager for Landmark Elevator and their father was a farmer and UAW worker. Dunlap graduated from New London High School and EHOVE Career Center in 1974, where they studied agriculture. The following year, they completed their studies at the Ohio Peace Officers Training Academy.
Criminal justice career
Dunlap worked as an officer for the Huron County Sheriff's Department from 1974 until 1984 and was elected Sheriff of Huron County, Ohio, in 1984. They served in that capacity until 1989. Following their term as sheriff, they served as commander of the Criminal Justice Academy at EHOVE Career Center from 1992 through 2012.
Political career
In 2011, Dunlap announced that they would seek to succeed Terry Boose as Huron County Commissioner. They defeated Republican Larry Silcox in the general election of 2012 and was seated on the Huron County Board of Commissioners in January 2013.
In December 2015, Dunlap filed to run as the Democratic candidate for the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 57th District. They ran unopposed in the district's 2016 Democratic primary, and was defeated by incumbent Republican Dick Stein in the general election.
References
1955 births
Living people
People from Norwalk, Ohio
Ohio Democrats
Raven Klaasen and Izak van der Merwe were the defending champions but decided not to participate together.
Klaasen plays alongside John Paul Fruttero, while van der Merwe partners up with Rik de Voest.
They went on to win the title 2–6, 6–3, [10–4] against Martin Emmrich and Andreas Siljeström in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
JSM Challenger of Champaign-Urbana - Doubles
JSM Challenger of Champaign–Urbana
The is a prefectural museum in Shizuoka City, Japan.
Overviews
Founded in 1986, the 9,238.51m2 museum is located on a hill on the northern side of the Nihondaira plateau in the southern part of the city. The 3,024.36m2 domed Rodin wing houses a collection of thirty-two sculptures by French artist Auguste Rodin, including The Thinker, The Gates of Hell, and The Burghers of Calais.
External links
1986 establishments in Japan
Art museums and galleries in Japan
Art museums established in 1986
Museums in Shizuoka Prefecture
Buildings and structures in Shizuoka (city)
Atlantic Array was a proposed offshore wind farm in the Bristol Channel, off the coast of North Devon and South Wales, United Kingdom. It was a development by RWE Npower Renewables. With a planned 1.2 gigawatt capacity, it would have been one of the world's largest offshore wind farms. The project was cancelled in November 2013.
Proposals
A site within the UK's third round of offshore wind developments, it was to be located off the coast of north Devon, and around off the coast of South Wales, quite close to the island of Lundy. Originally proposed by Farm Energy, now part of RWE npower renewables, the company won the lease development rights from the Crown Estate (which owns the UK seabed).
The proposals included up to 240 wind turbines, which RWE npower said was enough to power up to 900,000 homes with renewable energy. The capacity was expected to be 1.2 gigawatts, so it would have been one of the world's largest offshore wind farms.
Planning and cancellation
Originally proposed in 2007, the developers made a formal application on 14 June 2013 for a Development Consent Order under the 2008 Planning Act, which would have required a decision (by the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change) in autumn 2014. The developers announced the cancellation of the wind farm on 25 November 2013, citing technical and financial reasons.
The wealth of data and information that was gathered as part of the process of planning and assessing the impact of the wind farm is now available online for free using The Crown Estate's Marine Data Exchange.
References
External links
Offshore wind farms
Proposed wind farms in England
Proposed wind farms in Wales
Buildings and structures in Devon
Power stations in South West England
RWE
Round 3 offshore wind farms
was a town located in Tagata District, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, in central Izu Peninsula.
As of March 1, 2004, final population data before the amalgamation, the town had an estimated population of 8,457 and a density of 77.03 persons per km². The total area was 110.02 km².
On April 1, 2004, Nakaizu, along with the towns of Amagiyugashima, Shuzenji and Toi (all from Tagata District), was merged to create the city of Izu.
Nakaizu, located in the Izu-Kogen highlands of central Izu Peninsula was noted for its production of wasabi and shiitake.
External links
Izu City official website (Japanese)
Dissolved municipalities of Shizuoka Prefecture
Izu, Shizuoka
Russian Monument may refer to:
Russian Monument, Sofia, Bulgaria
Russian Monument (Liechtenstein)
Francis Emanuel Shober (October 24, 1860 – October 7, 1919) was a U.S. Representative from New York, son of Francis Edwin Shober.
Born in Salisbury, North Carolina, Shober studied under private tutors.
They were graduated from St. Stephen's College, Annandale, New York, in 1880.
They engaged in ministerial and educational work in Dutchess County, New York.
Reporter on the News-Press of Poughkeepsie.
Pastor of St. John's Episcopal Church at Barrytown, New York from 1880 to 1891.
They were editor of the Rockaway Journal at Far Rockaway, New York.
They served as member of the editorial staff of the New York World.
Shober was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1905).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1904.
Deputy tax appraiser of the State of New York in 1907 and 1908.
They resumed newspaper work.
They were editor of the New York American until their death in New York City October 7, 1919.
They were interred in Worcester Cemetery, Danbury, Connecticut.
Sources
External links
1860 births
1919 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
People from Salisbury, North Carolina
People from Barrytown, New York
19th-century American politicians
The Piccadilly Murder is a 1929 mystery detective novel by the British writer Anthony Berkeley. Berkley was a prominent writer during the Golden Age of Detective Fiction, known for their private detective Roger Sheringham series and their development of the inverted detective story. Although not part of the Sheringham series it featured the character of Chief Inspector Moresby of Scotland Yard who also appeared several times with Sheringham. Moresby reappeared with the chief protagonist Chitterwick in a sequel Trial and Error in 1937.
Synopsis
Ambrose Chitterwick is a witness to the death of a lady in the lounge at the Piccadilly Palace Hotel, shortly after their companion dropped something into their coffee. Chief Inspector Moresby is convinced they were murdered by them their nephew and sole heir, Major Sinclair, using prussic acid. They arrest Sinclair and plans to use Chitterwick as starwitness for the prosecution. However, nagging doubts in Chitterwick's mind lead them to turn amateur detective and find the real truth.
References
Bibliography
Miskimmin, Esme. 100 British Crime Writers. Springer Nature, 2020.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Turnbull, Malcolm J. Elusion Aforethought: The Life and Writing of Anthony Berkeley Cox. Popular Press, 1996.
1929 British novels
Novels by Anthony Berkeley
British crime novels
British mystery novels
British detective novels
William Collins, Sons books
Novels set in London
An election to the County Council of London took place on 5 March 1931. The council was elected by First Past the Post with each elector having two votes in the two-member seats. The Municipal Reform Party slightly increased its majority on the council, with overall results matching those from 1925.
Campaign
The Municipal Reform party had run the council since 1907. The party campaigned on its record in government, contending that it had run the council economically, keeping rates low. Since the previous election, the council had gained the power to administer welfare benefits, and the Municipal Reformers argued that the Labour Party would practice "Poplarism" and be overly generous. The party stood 106 candidates, and won the seats in City of London, Kensington South, Paddington South, Westminster Abbey and Westminster St George's without facing a contest.
The Labour Party argued that welfare was administered in a harsh and cruel manner. It also contended that the Municipal Reform Party had not constructed houses for workers, and supported a government scheme for a board with oversight of traffic control in the city. The Manchester Guardian noted that Labour did not expect to take control of the council, as it was losing ground nationally. Other than the uncontested seats, the party stood everywhere except Chelsea and Hampstead, while it had only a single candidate in Stoke Newington.
The Liberal Party released a pamphlet putting forward ideas on housing, education, traffic, and the rating of land values. The Municipal Reform Party and the Liberal Party had a limited pact, with the two jointly backing anti-socialist candidates in Hackney South and the three divisions of Southwark. In the two divisions of Bethnal Green, and in Lambeth North, the Municipal Reformers backed the Liberal candidates. The Times noted that the Liberals were planning a much smaller campaign than in 1928, due to their losses that year, and a shortage of funds. The party stood only 27 candidates, down from 82 in 1928.
The Communist Party of Great Britain stood 14 candidates, and also backed six "Organised Unemployed" candidates in the three Southwark constituencies.
Results
The Times noted that "rarely has an election of such importance caused so few changes". The Municipal Reformers made limited gains, taking the Liberal seat in Hackney Central, and Labour seats in Hammersmith North, Islington South, Kennington, Peckham and St Pancras South East. Labour's vote fell, but the party gained seats in Islington East and Mile End, while the Liberal Party gained seats from Labour in Lambeth North. The Communist Party of Great Britain performed poorly. Former Member of Parliament Shapurji Saklatvala took only 728 votes for the party in Battersea North.
The numbers of seats won by each party matched exactly the results of the 1925 London County Council election.
References
1931 elections in the United Kingdom
County Council election
1931 English local elections
London County Council elections
March 1931 events
Pherendates (; ) was an Achaemenid satrap of ancient Egypt in the early 5th century BCE, at the time of the Achaemenid 27th Dynasty of Egypt.
Career
A son of Megabazus, and an army commander under king Darius I, Pherendates is mainly attested from three letters written in Egyptian Demotic. They replaced the satrap Aryandes who was deposed by Darius around 496 BCE; although the exact accession date of Pherendates is unknown. Pherendates was definitely the satrap in 492 BCE.
In the asupervisorstioned letters, certain priests of the local temple of Khnum at Elephantine asked Pherendates to take care of some of their business in their place, a rather standard request to the pharaoh (or their representative, such as in this case) in any period of ancient Egyptian history.
In 486–485 BCE a revolt occurred in Egypt, which was quelled in 484 BCE by a new satrap, Achaemenes. It is possible that Pherendates lost their lives during the turmoil.
References
Further reading
Achaemenid satraps of Egypt
Year of birth unknown
5th-century BC Iranian people
5th century BC in Egypt
Twenty-seventh Dynasty of Egypt
Officials of Darius the Great
The Golden Girls is a television sitcom that ran on NBC from September 14, 1985, to May 9, 1992. A total of 180 episodes were produced, including 7 one-hour episodes.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (1985–86)
Season 2 (1986–87)
Season 3 (1987–88)
Season 4 (1988–89)
Season 5 (1989–90)
Season 6 (1990–91)
Season 7 (1991–92)
Television special
Ratings
References
External links
The Golden Girls
Lists of American sitcom episodes
What It Looks Like may refer to:
"What It Looks Like", a song by Curren$y from the 2012 album The Stoned Immaculate
"What It Looks Like", a song by French Montana from the 2019 album Montana
"What It Looks Like", a song by Lil Debbie from the 2014 EP California Sweetheart
Lepidodactylus euaensis, also known as the Eua scaly-toed gecko or Eua forest gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to ʻEua Island in Tonga.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1988
The women's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 1 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
60 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
60
1998 in women's athletics
Usability testing is a technique used in user-centered interaction design to evaluate a product by testing it on users. This can be seen as an irreplaceable usability practice, since it gives direct input on how real users use the system. It is more concerned with the design intuitiveness of the product and tested with users who have no prior exposure to it. Such testing is paramount to the success of an end product as a fully functioning application that creates confusion amongst its users will not last for long. This is in contrast with usability inspection methods where experts use different methods to evaluate a user interface without involving users.
Usability testing focuses on measuring a human-made product's capacity to meet its intended purposes. Examples of products that commonly benefit from usability testing are food, consumer products, websites or web applications, computer interfaces, documents, and devices. Usability testing measures the usability, or ease of use, of a specific object or set of objects, whereas general human–computer interaction studies attempt to formulate universal principles.
What it is not
Simply gathering opinions on an object or a document is market research or qualitative research rather than usability testing. Usability testing usually involves systematic observation under controlled conditions to determine how well people can use the product. However, often both qualitative research and usability testing are used in combination, to better understand users' motivations/perceptions, in addition to their actions.
Rather than showing users a rough draft and asking, "Do you understand this?", usability testing involves watching people trying to use something for its intended purpose. For example, when testing instructions for assembling a toy, the test subjects should be given the instructions and a box of parts and, rather than being asked to comment on the parts and materials, they should be asked to put the toy together. Instruction phrasing, illustration quality, and the toy's design all affect the assembly process.
Methods
Setting up a usability test involves carefully creating a scenario, or a realistic situation, wherein the person performs a list of tasks using the product being tested while observers watch and take notes (dynamic verification). Several other test instruments such as scripted instructions, paper prototypes, and pre- and post-test questionnaires are also used to gather feedback on the product being tested (static verification). For example, to test the attachment function of an e-mail program, a scenario would describe a situation where a person needs to send an e-mail attachment, and asking them or them to undertake this task. The aim is to observe how people function in a realistic manner, so that developers can identify the problem areas and fix them. Techniques popularly used to gather data during a usability test include think aloud protocol, co-discovery learning and eye tracking.
Hallway testing
Hallway testing, also known as guerrilla usability, is a quick and cheap method of usability testing in which people — such as those passing by in the hallway — are asked to try using the product or service. This can help designers identify "brick walls," problems so serious that users simply cannot advance, in the early stages of a new design. Anyone but project designers and engineers can be used (they tend to act as "expert reviewers" because they are too close to the project).
This type of testing is an example of convenience sampling and thus the results are potentially biased.
Remote usability testing
In a scenario where usability evaluators, developers and prospective users are located in different countries and time zones, conducting a traditional lab usability evaluation creates challenges both from the cost and logistical perspectives. These concerns led to research on remote usability evaluation, with the user and the evaluators separated over space and time. Remote testing, which facilitates evaluations being done in the context of the user's other tasks and technology, can be either synchronous or asynchronous. The former involves real time one-on-one communication between the evaluator and the user, while the latter involves the evaluator and user working separately. Numerous tools are available to address the needs of both these approaches.
Synchronous usability testing methodologies involve video conferencing or employ remote application sharing tools such as WebEx. WebEx and GoToMeeting are the most commonly used technologies to conduct a synchronous remote usability test. However, synchronous remote testing may lack the immediacy and sense of "presence" desired to support a collaborative testing process. Moreover, managing inter-personal dynamics across cultural and linguistic barriers may require approaches sensitive to the cultures involved. Other disadvantages include having reduced control over the testing environment and the distractions and interruptions experienced by the participants' in their native environment. One of the newer methods developed for conducting a synchronous remote usability test is by using virtual worlds.
Asynchronous methodologies include automatic collection of user's click streams, user logs of critical incidents that occur while interacting with the application and subjective feedback on the interface by users. Similar to an in-lab study, an asynchronous remote usability test is task-based and the platform allows researchers to capture clicks and task times. Hence, for many large companies, this allows researchers to better understand visitors' intents when visiting a website or mobile site. Additionally, this style of user testing also provides an opportunity to segment feedback by demographic, attitudinal and behavioral type. The tests are carried out in the user's own environment (rather than labs) helping further simulate real-life scenario testing. This approach also provides a vehicle to easily solicit feedback from users in remote areas quickly and with lower organizational overheads. In recent years, conducting usability testing asynchronously has also become prevalent and allows testers to provide feedback in their free time and from the comfort of their own home.
Expert review
Expert review is another general method of usability testing. As the name suggests, this method relies on bringing in experts with experience in the field (possibly from companies that specialize in usability testing) to evaluate the usability of a product.
A heuristic evaluation or usability audit is an evaluation of an interface by one or more human factors experts. Evaluators measure the usability, efficiency, and effectiveness of the interface based on usability principles, such as the 10 usability heuristics originally defined by Jakob Nielsen in 1994.
Nielsen's usability heuristics, which have continued to evolve in response to user research and new devices, include:
Visibility of system status
Match between system and the real world
User control and freedom
Consistency and standards
Error prevention
Recognition rather than recall
Flexibility and efficiency of use
Aesthetic and minimalist design
Help users recognize, diagnose, and recover from errors
Help and documentation
Automated expert review
Similar to expert reviews, automated expert reviews provide usability testing but through the use of programs given rules for good design and heuristics. Though an automated review might not provide as much detail and insight as reviews from people, they can be finished more quickly and consistently. The idea of creating surrogate users for usability testing is an ambitious direction for the artificial intelligence community.
A/B testing
In web development and marketing, A/B testing or split testing is an experimental approach to web design (especially user experience design), which aims to identify changes to web pages that increase or maximize an outcome of interest (e.g., click-through rate for a banner advertisement). As the name implies, two versions (A and B) are compared, which are identical except for one variation that might impact a user's behavior. Version A might be the one currently used, while version B is modified in some respect. For instance, on an e-commerce website the purchase funnel is typically a good candidate for A/B testing, as even marginal improvements in drop-off rates can represent a significant gain in sales. Significant improvements can be seen through testing elements like copy text, layouts, images and colors.
Multivariate testing or bucket testing is similar to A/B testing but tests more than two versions at the same time.
Number of participants
In the early 1990s, Jakob Nielsen, at that time a researcher at Sun Microsystems, popularized the concept of using numerous small usability tests—typically with only five participants each—at various stages of the development process. Their argument is that, once it is found that two or three people are totally confused by the home page, little is gained by watching more people suffer through the same flawed design. "Elaborate usability tests are a waste of resources. The best results come from testing no more than five users and running as many small tests as you can afford."
The claim of "Five users is enough" was later described by a mathematical model which states for the proportion of uncovered problems U
where p is the probability of one subject identifying a specific problem and n the number of subjects (or test sessions). This model shows up as an asymptotic graph towards the number of real existing problems (see figure below).
In later research Nielsen's claim has been questioned using both empirical evidence and more advanced mathematical models. Two key challenges to this assertion are:
Since usability is related to the specific set of users, such a small sample size is unlikely to be representative of the total population so the data from such a small sample is more likely to reflect the sample group than the population they may represent
Not every usability problem is equally easy-to-detect. Intractable problems happen to decelerate the overall process. Under these circumstances the progress of the process is much shallower than predicted by the Nielsen/Landauer formula.
It is worth noting that Nielsen does not advocate stopping after a single test with five users; their point is that testing with five users, fixing the problems they uncover, and then testing the revised site with five different users is a better use of limited resources than running a single usability test with 10 users. In practice, the tests are run once or twice per week during the entire development cycle, using three to five test subjects per round, and with the results delivered within 24 hours to the designers. The number of users actually tested over the course of the project can thus easily reach 50 to 100 people. Research shows that user testing conducted by organisations most commonly involves the recruitment of 5-10 participants.
In the early stage, when users are most likely to immediately encounter problems that stop them in their tracks, almost anyone of normal intelligence can be used as a test subject. In stage two, testers will recruit test subjects across a broad spectrum of abilities. For example, in one study, experienced users showed no problem using any design, from the first to the last, while naive user and self-identified power users both failed repeatedly. Later on, as the design smooths out, users should be recruited from the target population.
When the method is applied to a sufficient number of people over the course of a project, the objections raised above become addressed: The sample size ceases to be small and usability problems that arise with only occasional users are found. The value of the method lies in the fact that specific design problems, once encountered, are never seen again because they are immediately eliminated, while the parts that appear successful are tested over and over. While it's true that the initial problems in the design may be tested by only five users, when the method is properly applied, the parts of the design that worked in that initial test will go on to be tested by 50 to 100 people.
Example
A 1982 Apple Computer manual for developers advised on usability testing:
"Select the target audience. Begin your human interface design by identifying your target audience. Are you writing for businesspeople or children?"
Determine how much target users know about Apple computers, and the subject matter of the software.
Steps 1 and 2 permits designing the user interface to suit the target audience's needs. Tax-preparation software written for accountants might assume that its users know nothing about computers but are expert on the tax code, while such software written for consumers might assume that its users know nothing about taxes but are familiar with the basics of Apple computers.
Apple advised developers, "You should begin testing as soon as possible, using drafted friends, relatives, and new employees":
Designers must watch people use the program in person, because
Education
Usability testing has been a formal subject of academic instruction in different disciplines. Usability testing is important to composition studies and online writing instruction (OWI). Scholar Collin Bjork argues that usability testing is "necessary but insufficient for developing effective OWI, unless it is also coupled with the theories of digital rhetoric."
See also
ISO 9241
Software testing
Educational technology
Universal usability
Commercial eye tracking
Don't Make Me Think
Software performance testing
System usability scale (SUS)
Test method
Tree testing
RITE Method
Component-based usability testing
Crowdsourced testing
Usability goals
Heuristic evaluation
Diary studies
Usability of web authentication systems
References
External links
Usability.gov
Usability
Software testing
Educational technology
Product testing
Kattiannan Arjunan is an Indian politician of the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK).
Politics
They were elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of Indian Parliament from Dharmapuri in 1980 as a member of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK). They then joined the AIADMK.
Arjunan was elected as a Member of the legislative assembly(MLA) from Tharamangalam, Salem district on 1989 as a member of the AIADMK and again elected as a MLA from Veerapandi on 1991 as a member of the AIADMK.
Early life
Arjunan was born on 22 September 1944 at M. N. Patti Village, Mettur Taluk of Salem District. They have a B.sc degree from Loyola college, Madras. They got married on 24 November 1969.
Arjunan served as a Sub-Inspector of Police from 1967 to 1978 and as a Deputy Inspector of Police from 1978 to 1979.
References
External links
Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website
1944 births
Living people
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politicians
India MPs 1980–1984
Lok Sabha members from Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu MLAs 1991–1996
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politicians
Typhoon Soudelor, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Egay, was a powerful typhoon that underwent rapid deepening east of Taiwan in the 2003 Pacific typhoon season. It was the sixth named storm by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) of the season, as well as the third typhoon. It formed on June 12 from a disturbance in the monsoon trough, located east of the Philippines. The system moved generally to the northwest after its genesis, gradually intensifying into a tropical storm. While offshore the Philippines, Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless. The storm caused $2.46 million in damage, and 12 deaths.
After affecting the Philippines, Soudelor moved into an area of low wind shear and with favorable outflow. It became a typhoon on June 17, and quickly developed an eye while rapidly intensifying. The storm struck the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima, where wind gusts reached 204 km/h (127 mph). It also affected Taiwan, where floods covered highways and caused mudslides. Early on June 18, Soudelor reached peak 10-minute sustained winds of 150 km/h (90 mph). Subsequently, an increase in shear and the passage of a trough weakened the typhoon and caused it to turn to the northeast. Soudelor weakened to a tropical storm on June 19, and subsequently it passed between Japan and South Korea. It became an extratropical cyclone that day, dissipating on June 24. In Japan, the storm caused widespread power outages, although damage was minimal, and there were 21 injuries. In South Korea, there was $12.1 million in damage and two deaths.
Meteorological history
The origins of Soudelor were from a tropical disturbance that persisted a short distance northwest of Pohnpei on June 7. By two days later, it had a large area of convection, and it moved generally westward. Late on June 9, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a tropical cyclone formation alert (TCFA), although the system initially failed to develop due to wind shear in the region. The thunderstorms decreased over the increasingly exposed circulation. On June 11, the shear decreased, and convection became better organized. The JTWC initiated warnings on Tropical Depression 07W late that day, and at 0000 UTC on June 12, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) also remarked that a tropical depression had formed to the northeast of Palau.
After forming, the depression tracked generally westward due to a subtropical ridge to the north. Around that time, it was still located within the monsoon trough, and it interacted with another circulation to its east-southeast, causing a motion to the west-northwest. As it moved away from the other circulation, the depression was able to intensify, and the wind shear decreased. On June 13 the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Soudelor to the east of Samar Island in the Philippines. That day, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration PAGASA initiated advisories and gave it the local name "Egay". Upon becoming a tropical storm, Soudelor developed rainbands to the north and south, although it could not intensify significantly due to a tropical upper tropospheric trough to the east. A mid-latitude trough to the north weakened the ridge, which allowed Soudelor to turn more to the northwest off the northeast coast of the Philippines. The circulation became exposed from the deepest convection, and around that time the storm was located about 160 km (100 mi) east of Samar Island. Thunderstorms gradually increased, and the outflow improved. Late on June 16, the JTWC upgraded Soudelor to a typhoon, and the next day the JMA followed suit when the storm was located southeast of Taiwan.
Around the time that Soudelor became a typhoon, it began moving toward the north, influenced by an approaching trough, and it passed about 95 km (60 mi) northeast of Luzon. A ragged eye developed early on June 17, which quickly became better organized. With its outflow enhanced by the approaching trough, Soudelor rapidly intensified to the east of Taiwan. The typhoon struck the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima at around 2030 UTC on June 17. At 0600 UTC on June 18, the JTWC estimated peak 1‑minute winds of 215 km/h (135 mph). At the same time, JMA estimated peak 10‑minute winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) when it was located west of Okinawa. While at its maximum strength, Soudelor had a circular eye 33 km (21 mi) in diameter. It turned to the north-northeast, maintaining its peak winds for about 12 hours before increased shear from the westerlies caused weakening. The eye quickly dissipated, and the system began transitioning into an extratropical cyclone. Early on June 19, the JMA downgraded Soudelor below typhoon status, and the storm later crossed Tsushima Island into the Sea of Japan. At 1500 UTC that day, the JMA declared the storm as extratropical while it was near the Oki Islands; the JTWC followed suit three hours later. The extratropical remnants of Soudelor continued to the northeast, crossing northern Japan on June 20. The storm slowed and turned to the east, dissipating on June 24.
Preparations
By June 16, PAGASA raised storm signal number 3 for Batanes and the provinces of Cagayan and Isabela; storm signal number 2 for all or portions of nine provinces and for Polillo Island; and storm signal number 1 was raised for portions of four provinces. The signals refer to the potential for winds, from lowest to highest representing weakest to the strongest winds; number 3 refers to the potential for winds of within 18 hours.
On June 16, the Central Weather Bureau issued sea and land warnings in Taiwan as Soudelor was anticipated to produce torrential rains, gale-force winds, and rough seas. All fishermen in the area were urged to return to port before the onset of the typhoon. As the typhoon tracked near Taiwan, the Japan Meteorological Agency began advising residents in Okinawa to closely monitor the storm. One of the major airlines in Japan, All Nippon Airways, cancelled 66 domestic flights the same day, stranding an estimated 6,000 people. During the storm, 257 domestic flights were canceled, and train and ferry service was canceled. In Nagasaki Prefecture, 732 schools were closed during the storm. Hundreds of people voluntarily evacuated in Japan.
On June 17, the Korean Meteorological Agency issued rain warnings for Jeju Island and coastal areas of South Korea. They also urged residents to take all precautions for the storm. The Korea Airports Corporation reported that 111 flights to southern areas of the country were cancelled due to the typhoon.
Impact and aftermath
While Soudelor was moving to the northwest off the east coast of the Philippines, it dropped heavy rainfall, including in 24 hours in Catarman, Northern Samar. Rainfall in six hours reached at Virac Airport. The rains caused flooding throughout the Philippines, which left thousands of people homeless. Throughout the country, the storm damaged 157 houses and destroyed 94. Soudelor also left crop damage. An estimated 45,400 people were affected by Soudelor. Overall damage was estimated at ₱131 million (2003 Philippine pesos, $2.46 million 2003 USD). There were 12 deaths, with two missing, as well as two people injured.
In Taiwan, Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that resulted in flooding and landslides. One of the mudslides covered a section of the Yenhsi Highway between Hsitou and Luku. Road crews were quickly dispatched to the area but had to suspend cleanup efforts due to continuing impacts from Soudelor. Dozens of tour buses carrying tourists who were being evacuated from the mountains were blocked several times by mudslides covering roads. The Sungshan Airport in Taipei was shut down during the morning of June 19 due to unsettled weather produced by the typhoon. The Feitsui Dam increased by due to the storm's rainfall, raising it to near peak capacity.
For eight hours, the Japanese island of Iriomote-jima reported gale-force winds, except for during the eye passage of Soudelor. The island reported sustained winds of 108 km/h (67 mph), with gusts to 204 km/h (127 mph). On Ishigaki Island, the storm caused ¥77.9 million (2003 JPY, $655,000 2003 USD) in agriculture damage, mostly from high waves. Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall throughout Japan, peaking at in Kagoshima Prefecture; most of the precipitation fell in about 24 hours. A North Korean cargo ship was stranded off the northwest coast of Japan after being refused entry into the Japanese port of Toyama. During the storm, about 10,000 houses lost power, including 3,400 houses in Okinawa Prefecture. Damage was minor, with only 26 damaged houses, varying from blown off roof tiles to shattered windows. Soudelor injured 21 people in the country, mostly due to falling objects. There were at least 22 landslides nationwide. Four bridges along the Yoshino River were flooded during the storm.
In South Korea, Soudelor dropped about of rainfall at Hallasan in Jeju Province in South Korea. The storm also caused seas. Typhoon Soudelor killed two people in South Korea and caused $12.1 million in damages.
See also
Other storms of the same name
Notes
References
External links
JMA General Information of Typhoon Soudelor (0306) from Digital Typhoon
JMA Best Track Data of Typhoon Soudelor (0306)
JMA Best Track Data (Graphics) of Typhoon Soudelor (0306)
JMA Best Track Data (Text)
JTWC Best Track Data of Typhoon 07W (Soudelor)
07W.SOUDELOR from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
2003 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Taiwan
Typhoons in Japan
Typhoons in South Korea
2003 in Taiwan
Typhoons
2003 disasters in the Philippines
Typhoons in the Philippines
Soudelor
The 1998 Paris–Tours was the 92nd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 4 October 1998. The race started in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jacky Durand of the Casino team.
General classification
References
1998 in French sport
1998
Paris-Tours
1998 in road cycling
October 1998 sports events in Europe
Etes is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Bear Pond may refer to:
Bodies of water
Bear Pond (Arkansas), a lake in Arkansas County, Arkansas
Bear Pond (Hancock County, Maine)
Bear Pond (Beaver River, New York), in Herkimer County
Bear Pond (Stillwater, New York), in Herkimer County
A lake in Bayfield County, Wisconsin)
Bear Pond (Kenora District), a lake in Ontario
Bear Pond (Lennox and Addington County), a lake in Ontario
Other uses
Bear Pond (book), a 1990 book by Bruce Weber
Bear Pond Mountains, a subrange of the Appalachian Mountains
Hidden character may refer to:
A non-printing character in computer-based text processing and digital typesetting
A secret character (video games) in video games
An unseen character in fiction
Hidden character stone
Roméo-Adrien LeBlanc (December 18, 1927June 24, 2009) was a Canadian journalist, politician and statesman who served as Governor General of Canada, the 25th since Canadian Confederation.
LeBlanc was born and educated in New Brunswick, and also studied in France prior to becoming a teacher and then a reporter for Radio-Canada. They were subsequently elected to the House of Commons in 1972, whereafter they served as a minister of the Crown until 1984, when they were moved to the Senate and became that chamber's Speaker.
In 1995, they were appointed as governor general by Queen Elizabeth II, on the recommendation of Prime Minister of Canada Jean Chrétien, to replace Ramon John Hnatyshyn as viceroy, and they occupied the post until succeeded by Adrienne Clarkson in 1999, citing their health as the reason for theirs stepping down. Their appointment as the Queen's representative caused some controversy, due to perceptions of political favouritism, though they were praised for raising the stature of Acadians and francophones, and for returning Rideau Hall to the centre of life in Ottawa.
On August 8, 1974, LeBlanc was sworn into the Queen's Privy Council for Canada. They died of Alzheimer's disease on June 24, 2009, aged 81.
Youth and political career
Born on December 18, 1927 and raised in Memramcook, New Brunswick, LeBlanc obtained bachelor degrees in arts and education from the Collège St-Joseph before studying French civilization at the Université de Paris. They then moved on to teaching for nine years at Drummond's high school from 1951 to 1953 and the New Brunswick Teachers' College in Fredericton from 1955 to 1959 after which they obtained work between 1960 and 1967 as a journalist with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's French language broadcaster, Radio-Canada, serving in the bureaus in Ottawa, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Their first marriage, to Joslyn "Lyn" Carter, with whom LeBlanc had two children (Genevieve and Dominic), lasted from 1966 to 1981; in 1994, they married Diana Fowler, who also had two children from a previous marriage.
LeBlanc stepped into the realm of politics when they became the press secretary for successive prime ministers Lester B. Pearson and Pierre Trudeau. They then went further, winning in the 1972 federal election a seat in the House of Commons as the Liberal Party representative for Westmorland-Kent, paving the way for their appointment as the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans in the Cabinet chaired by Trudeau.
LeBlanc was a key figure in Canada's imposition of a 200-mile fishing zone; the establishment of a new fishery licensing system; the widespread use of quotas and zones that protected Canadian fishermen from overexpansion and competition from trawlers owned by large companies; the owner-operator rule, requiring licence holders to operate vessels themselves; the separate-fleet rule, preventing corporations from obtaining licences for an under-65-foot fleet; and for creating an additional system of advisory committees that permitted fishermen a larger voice in fisheries management.
On one occasion, LeBlanc also persuaded Trudeau to advise the Governor General to close Canadian ports to Soviet fishing vessels, a headline-grabbing diplomatic thrust that resulted in better co-operation, and forbade all foreign corporations from holding commercial fishing licences in Canada.
On the Pacific coast, LeBlanc oversaw the creation of the Salmonid Enhancement Program, which aimed at doubling salmon production, and quelled plans by Alcan that were deemed to threaten salmon rivers at the time.
Late in 1982, LeBlanc became Minister of Public Works for two years before being nominated by Trudeau to then Governor General Jeanne Sauvé for appointment to the Senate on June 29, 1984. They were then selected in 1993 by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien as Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn's appointee as that chamber's speaker.
Governor General of Canada
LeBlanc's time as the Queen's viceregal representative was considered to have been low key and largely uneventful, especially in comparison to that of their successor, Adrienne Clarkson. They are, however, the first governor general of Acadian heritage, which earned praise from the Acadian community, and they were also the first from the Canadian maritimes to be appointed as viceroy.
As governor general-designate
It was announced from the Office of the Prime Minister of Canada on November 22, 1994 that Queen Elizabeth II had approved Prime Minister Jean Chrétien's choice of LeBlanc to succeed Ray Hnatyshyn as the Queen's representative.
Thereafter, LeBlanc was invited to an audience with the Queen at Sandringham House, and they were said to have been impressed and inspired by the devotion to duty on the part of both Elizabeth and their mother.
The commission appointing LeBlanc under the royal sign-manual and Great Seal of Canada was issued on January 16, 1995.
The greatest publicity LeBlanc attracted in their career came immediately after the announcement of their appointment as Governor General: although previous honorees had worked as politicians prior to and after serving as viceroy, the recommendation of a prominent Liberal Party politician and organiser was criticised as being little more than a patronage gift from the Prime Minister to a loyal party member.
In the 1993 federal election, LeBlanc had been one of the chief architects of the Liberal Party's election strategy, and was a strong party loyalist. In protest, both Reform Party of Canada leader Preston Manning and Bloc Québécois leader Lucien Bouchard refused to attend LeBlanc's installation ceremony.
In office
As with each governor general, LeBlanc took on unofficial and personal mandates, choosing for himself: voluntarism, the teaching of Canadian history, Canada's Aboriginal peoples, and the military. They spoke often about the generosity, tolerance, and compassion of Canadians, and admired the dignity and abilities of the common citizen.
To recognize the "unsung heroes" who volunteer their time and effort to help others, LeBlanc initiated in 1996 the Governor General's Caring Canadian Award, and, on June 21, of the same year, was proud to issue a royal proclamation inaugurating National Aboriginal Day as an annual observance.
As well, in 1996 LeBlanc formed the Governor General's Award for Excellence in Teaching Canadian History, in 1999 partnered with the Canada Council for the Arts to create the Governor General's Awards in Visual and Media Arts, oversaw the issuance of the Governor General's Canadian History Medal for the Millennium, and established the Governor General's Millennium Edition of the Map of Canada, which was taken into space in 1999 by Julie Payette.
LeBlanc travelled to all parts of Canada and had a special affinity for small towns and cities, making themselves particularly visible in those parts of Quebec after the province's referendum on secession in 1995. They participated in more than 2,000 events, including the annual New Year's Levée, which they moved to various locations around the country, seeing the party organised at Ottawa, Ontario, in 1996; Quebec City, Quebec, in 1997; Winnipeg, Manitoba, in 1998; and St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, in 1999.
Over the same years, LeBlanc also had public access to Rideau Hall and its grounds expanded and improved including opening a dedicated visitors' centre in 1997 so that the number of visitors increased threefold to approximately 125,000 people per year. In keeping with their respect for the First Peoples of Canada, LeBlanc placed a totem pole and inukshuk prominently on the royal property.
Amongst numerous other official and ceremonial duties, the Governor General granted Royal Assent to amendments to the constitution on three occasions: April 21, 1997, December 19, 1997, and January 8, 1998, and also issued the royal proclamation announcing the creation of the territory of Nunavut on April 1, 1999. LeBlanc welcomed to Rideau Hall the Queen, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, along with a host of foreign dignitaries such as United States president Bill Clinton and their wife, Hillary; King Hussein and Queen Noor of Jordan, and later Hussein's son, King Abdullah II, and their wife Queen Rania; as well as President of South Africa Nelson Mandela; and President of China Jiang Zemin. Further, they undertook eight state visits, becoming the first governor general of Canada to make such trips to the Czech Republic, India, Pakistan, the Ivory Coast, Tanzania, Mali, and Morocco.
Legacy
As governor general, LeBlanc was viewed as having been a role model for Acadians, and was complimented for having drawn the attention of the country to Acadian history and culture. As such, they were seen as a symbol for reconciliation, given the past relations between the Acadians and the Canadian Crown's predecessor. At the same time, LeBlanc was also credited for returning Rideau Hall to a status closer to that which it held a century previous, when it was the centre of life in the national capital.
Although LeBlanc enjoyed all the provinces and territories, their visits touching small towns as well as big cities, they travelled to events in their home province to a degree that some saw as disproportionate. Moreover, LeBlanc never sought media coverage, with the result that many Canadians were unaware of who they are, and their down-to-earth demeanour was thought by some to have been too "folksy" for the post. The accusations of political patronage also failed to evaporate during LeBlanc's governorship; while LeBlanc was viceroy, their son, Dominic, continued to work for the prime minister's office until 1997, when they ran for election to the House of Commons in LeBlanc's old riding, where the Governor General had a series of events planned the very week they dropped the election writs. Further, LeBlanc's daughter maintained employment as a political assistant to Liberal Cabinet ministers, and some of the Governor General's staff had close Liberal Party connections.
Personal touches were also left on the symbol of the Canadian viceregal office, from which LeBlanc removed the claws and tongue of the crowned lion, saying that they were impolite and un-Canadian. Though the change did not gather much attention until near the end of LeBlanc's tenure, the reaction, when it came, was generally unfavourable, and the modifications were undone by their successor.
Post-viceregal life and death
After being released from the Queen's service, LeBlanc returned to New Brunswick. There, after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer's disease, they died on June 24, 2009, in Grande-Digue.
They are, as is protocol for all incumbent and former governors general, accorded a state funeral, which took place on July 3 of the same year, in Memramcook. The casket's path through the community was lined with officers from the Department of Fisheries and Oceans, paying homage to LeBlanc's time as minister of the Crown with that portfolio, and the sitting governor general, Michaëlle Jean, their prime minister, Stephen Harper, and LeBlanc's former prime minister, Jean Chrétien, all attended.
Canada Post featured LeBlanc on a postage stamp released on February 8, 2010.
Honours and arms
Honours
Ribbon bars of Roméo LeBlanc
Appointments
January 4, 1973July 9, 1984: Member of Parliament (MP)
August 8, 1974June 24, 2009: Member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada (PC)
February 8, 1995October 8, 2000: Chancellor and Principal Companion of the Order of Canada (CC)
October 8, 1999June 24, 2009: Companion of the Order of Canada (CC)
February 8, 1995October 8, 2000: Chancellor and Commander of the Order of Military Merit (CMM)
October 8, 1999June 24, 2009: Commander of the Order of Military Merit (CMM)
February 8, 1995October 8, 2000: Knight of Justice, Prior, and Chief Officer in Canada of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem (KStJ)
October 8, 1999June 24, 2009: Knight of Justice of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem (KStJ)
February 8, 1995October 8, 2000: Chief Scout of Canada
1995June 24, 2009: Honorary Member of the Royal Military College of Canada Club
August 1, 2005June 24, 2009: Member of the Order of New Brunswick (ONB)
Medals
1992: Commemorative Medal for the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada
February 8, 1995: Canadian Forces Decoration (CD)
2002: Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal
Foreign honours
2002June 24, 2009: Grand-officier du l'Ordre national du Mérite
Honorary military appointments
February 8, 1990October 8, 2000: Colonel of the Governor General's Horse Guards
February 8, 1990October 8, 2000: Colonel of the Governor General's Foot Guards
February 8, 1990October 8, 2000: Colonel of the Canadian Grenadier Guards
Honorary degrees
1977: Mount Allison University, Doctor of Civil Law (DCL)
1979: University of Moncton, Doctor of Public Administration (DPA)
1995: Université Sainte-Anne, Doctor of Laws (LLD)
1996: Ryerson University, Doctor of Letters (DLitt)
1996: University of Ottawa, Doctor of the University (DUniv)
1997: St. Thomas University, Doctor of Laws (LLD)
1997: Memorial University of Newfoundland, Doctor of Laws (LLD)
1997: McGill University, Doctor of Laws (LLD)
1999: University of New Brunswick, Doctor of Laws (LLD)
Honorific eponyms
Geographic locations
: LeBlanc Park, Memramcook
: Greater Moncton Roméo LeBlanc International Airport, Dieppe
Arms
See also
List of people from Westmorland County, New Brunswick
Journalism
References
External links
Website of the Governor General of Canada entry for Roméo LeBlanc
Roméo LeBlanc fonds at Library and Archives Canada
1928 births
2009 deaths
People from Moncton
Acadian people
Canadian male journalists
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in New Brunswick
Governors General of Canada
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Liberal Party of Canada senators
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from New Brunswick
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Speakers of the Senate of Canada
St. Joseph's College alumni
Companions of the Order of Canada
Commanders of the Order of Military Merit (Canada)
Knights of Justice of the Order of St John
Grand Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
Members of the Order of New Brunswick
Chief Scouts of Canada
Poeni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Banov, Brătești, Cătunu, Poeni, Preajba, Țăvârlău and Vătași.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Woman with Flowered Hat is a 1963 pop art painting with Magna on canvas by Roy Lichtenstein. The work is based on a Pablo Picasso portrait of Dora Maar. In May 2013, it sold for a record price for a Lichtenstein work.
Background
Picasso painted several portraits of their lover Dora Maar in which their face is distorted in a manner similar to Lichtenstein's painting. Such portraits were an expressionist development of the fragmented forms of their earlier Cubist works. A 1941 Picasso of Maar entitled Dora Maar au Chat sold at auction for $95,216,000 in 2006.
Lichtenstein specifically used the 1939-40 portrait of Maar in the Morton G. Neumann Family Collection as the template for Woman with Flowered Hat. Neumann themselves had sent a reproduction of the portrait to Lichtenstein after seeing one of Lichtenstein's earlier reworkings of a Picasso painting.
Lichtenstein painted Woman with Flowered Hat when they were pastiching various types of sources, including commercial illustrations, comic imagery and modernist masterpieces. The masterpieces represented what could have been dubbed the "canon" of art and was thought of as "high art," while the "low-art" subject matter included comic strip images. Their masterworks sources included the likes of Cézanne, Mondrian and Picasso. During this time in their career, Lichtenstein noted that "the things that I have apparently parodied I actually admire." The painting is one of four variations on Picassos that Lichtenstein created during 1962 and 1963.
Creation
Lichtenstein worked by creating a small-scale line-drawing based on the Picasso reproduction. They then projected the drawing onto the canvas, using the projected outline-drawing as a template. The artist deliberately avoided the easier option of projecting the reproduction itself. According to art scholar Michael Fitzgerald, this was because they wanted to be "true to their discipline of drawing". Lichtenstein attached the reproduction to the wall of their studio next to the painting as they worked on it. A photograph of the artist with the work in progress can be seen in an article on Lichtenstein that appeared in Life magazine at the time. Such evidence makes Woman with Flowered Hat "the most thoroughly documented of their variations after Picasso". Discussing the painting with Richard Brown Baker, Lichtenstein commented,
There are some changes in this from the Picasso, obviously complete changes all over, but the more obvious ones: I've changed the face-color to the pink dots and the hair-color to the yellow, since all my girls have yellow hair, almost all of them do. And I was curious to see what it would look like with a more pseudo-realistic color, sort of correcting Picasso, as though they had made an error in painting the face blue. And one of the purposes of it is to make what looks like an insensitive reproduction of the Picasso, and changing the color of the face and hair to ones that would be more conventional would be part of that insensitivity, and there is a general change in the shape of the whole position of the head.Richard Brown Baker, "Interview with Roy Lichtenstein", November 15 and December 6 1963, transcript quoted in Fitzgerald.
Auction record
On May 15, 2013, the painting sold for $56.1 million, including fees, at Christie's. It was bought by jeweller Laurence Graff who said: "It's a masterpiece and when you see a major one like this come up for sale, you only get one chance to get it...Plus, I've got a big birthday coming up." Graff, whose 75th birthday is on June 13, outbid three telephone bidders with a winning bid of $50 million and auction fees that brought the total to $56.1 million. The auction, which was expected to exceed $30 million, coincided with the Lichtenstein retrospective being held at the Tate Modern. The retrospective had visited The Art Institute of Chicago from May 16 to September 3, 2012 and the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. from October 14, 2012 to January 13, 2013 before its February 21 to May 27 run at the Tate Modern and finale at The Centre Pompidou from July 3 to November 4, 2013. On May 9, 2012, the painting Sleeping Girl (1964) from the collection of Beatrice and Phillip Gersh had established the previous Lichtenstein record $44.8 million at Sotheby's.
See also
1963 in art
References
External links
Auction press release from Christie's
Lichtenstein Foundation website
1963 paintings
20th-century portraits
Paintings by Roy Lichtenstein
Portraits by American artists
Blessed Father Clement Vismara (September 6, 1897, Agrate Brianza, Lombardy Italy – June 15, 1988, Mong Ping, Burma) was an Italian priest and missionary.
 They are venerated by the Roman Catholic Church.
They spent 65 of their 91 years in forests of Burma assisting Akhà and Ikò tribal peoples, particularly children and widows.
Biography
Early life
Clement Vismara was born in Agrate Brianza; their parents were Attilio Egidio Vismara (1865–1905), a saddler, and Stella Annunziata Porta (1872–1902), a seamstress. They were the fifth child after their brothers Egidio, Carlo, and Francesco, and their sister Maria. They prematurely lost their mother first, who died in childbirth when the sixth brother, Luigi, was born in 1902, and then lost their father in 1905. They were entrusted to the care of relatives, attended school, and then, in 1913, entered the Seminary of St. Peter Martyr (Seveso, Milan).
On September 21, 1916, during World War I, they were called up and sent to the front as a private of the 80th Infantry Regiment Brigade Rome. They fought on Mount Maio and Adamello. They were honorably discharged on November 6, 1919, with three medals for bravery and the rank of sergeant major.
Mong Lin mission
After resuming their studies in Milan at the Lombard Seminary for Foreign Missions (which in 1926 became the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions) Clement was ordained on May 26, 1923. Immediately after their ordination they set out from Venice (August 2) and arrived at Toungoo, Burma, in late September to study English and local dialects. They moved to Kengtung State to the Kengtung mission in March 1924 and then left to found the new Mong Lin mission on October 27, 1924.
At Mong Lin the misery was great, the food poor and totally inadequate, and tropical diseases killed many of the missionaries (6 during the decade 1926-1936, all young people) so that in 1928 the General Superior of the Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions (PIME) Father Paolo Manna, visiting Mong Lin, threatened the bishop of Kengtung that they would abandon the mission if other young missionaries died for lack of nutritious food or because they lived in huts of mud and straw.
In 1931, Fr. Antonio Farronato (32 years), died of malaria and Vismara remained alone.
Despite the difficulties of a primitive, dangerous and often hostile environment, Vismara continued their activities, and expanded during the 1930s when they founded other missions (Keng Lap, Mong Yong e Mong Pyak) with resident missionaries and nuns.
Vismara identified the pagan and fatalistic conception of life as the blocking element of tribal society: men often do not work and are addicted to opium, women and children are commonly abused, abandoned, sold or killed.
They concentrated their efforts on giving more rewarding jobs to indigenous people becoming first a farmer, then a breeder, a tailor, a barber, a mason, a lumberjack and so on. Their objective was mainly to help orphans and widows, women who were abandoned by everyone and considered bearers of bad luck. Unlike other missionaries they tried, whenever possible, to maintain a healthy lifestyle: schedule of day, cleaning, suitable clothing, ordered eating, use of dishes. This behaviour, along with their strength, improved their stamina.
In June 1941, while the Japanese planned to occupy Burma, Vismara was interned by the British army in Kalaw with twelve other Italian missionaries because they belonged to an enemy nation. In January 1942, the Japanese army invaded Burma and in late April they freed the Italian missionaries held in Kalaw. The Mong Lin mission (where Vismara arrived at the end of August) was intact but almost occupied by the Japanese army. Vismara reopened the orphanage and undertook work as a woodcutter for the soldiers, together with their boys.
In 1945, the war ended and in 1948 Burma got its independence, followed by the beginning of separatist guerrillas which involved ethnic groups of the area (in the years 1950-1955 five brethren of PIME were murdered: Pietro Galastri, Mario Vergara, Alfredo Cremonesi, Pietro Manghisi, Eliodoro Farronato). In the first 31 years of their mission father Clement was able to turn Mong Lin into a town with about 4,000 baptized people.
Mong Ping mission
Although nearly sixty, Father Vismara was in good health and they raised a good deal of foreign aid by writing many letters and articles where they told, brilliantly and wittily, of the life they led.
In January 1955 Clement was sent by surprise by the bishop, Msgr. Guercilena, to Mong Ping, 225 km away, a higher and more healthy place, but where they had to start almost from scratch. They wrote to their friend Pietro Migone: «My dear, my heart wavers! after thirty-two years, when I least expect it I was transferred from Mong Lin to Mong Ping. ...I obey because I'm convinced that if I did on my own I should have got it all wrong».
Throughout 1957 they were in Italy for the only holiday of their life, shared among medical care, conferences, a pilgrimage to Lourdes, visits to construction sites and, above all, a full month's retreat. But their thoughts always turned to their people and their orphans. When back in Burma, they wrote: «In Italy more than rest I worked hard». But they were happy because they carried a lot of aid, and they added: «Not to offend you but I'm much better here than in Agrate. Certainly there you eat well, drink better, sleep on soft. ...But here I can do something good every day: what could I do there, if not chatting?»In 1961 they wrote a biography of Fr. Stephen Aikao Wong, the first local priest from Kengtung killed by some buddhists hostile to the many conversions obtained among Akha people. During the 1960s, they provided Mong Ping an orphanage (1960), school (1961), the church with the Lourdes Cave next to it (1962), houses for missionaries and sisters (1963). The school, started from scratch in 1958, counted 123 pupils in autumn 1960, 232 in October 1962, 400 in 1965 («two thirds of which pagans», they wrote).After a military coup in 1962, the new socialist government, inspired by the Soviet model, nationalized all private activities and severely limited freedom of expression and movement. All missionaries who arrived after 1948 were expelled. Only those arriving in Burma before the World War II could remain.
«He never got old»
Despite the difficulties with the new regime, which prevented the arrival of new missionaries, and despite various ailments (prostate problems, an accident to a foot, and dentures) their work continued with an enviable stamina. In 1979, aged 82, they went to Taunggyi by jeep to meet the superior of the PIME and, after returning to Mong Ping, after 14 hours of travel, they could write: I arrived home at 7:20 pm blanched, dusted, floured like a fish before putting in a pan. A unison chorus of over 200 orphans, boys and girls, greeted me. Here is my kingdom, here I am the sovereign and live happy. In 1980 they blessed the new district Tongtà they founded among the ethnic Iko.
In subsequent years they had to adapt, with embarrassment, to being carried on a stretcher, but continued to visit the villages. The last missionary district (parish) opened by Fr. Clement, in 1986, is in Pannulong, with three nuns resident and 42 Christian villages in the Akha tribe.
On June 15, 1988, at 8:15 p.m. Clement died, serene and happy, in Mong Ping, aged 90.
This is the testimony given on them by Fr. Angelo Campagnoli at the Diocesan Process:
Father Clement was buried, as they requested, at Mong Ping in the square of the church they built in 1962, in front of Lourdes Cave.
Many Buddhists and Muslims attended the funeral. Their tomb is a pilgrimage site for people of all religions.
Process of canonization
In Agrate, their hometown, immediately the parish missionary group began to work for their beatification. In 1989 a statue was unveiled.
On February 10, 1994, Abraham Than, Bishop of the Kengtung, appointed Father Piero Gheddo postulator for their cause. Father Gheddo appointed Francesca Consolini as an external consultant.
The management of the Diocesan stage of the beatification process, from 1996 to 1998, was held by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milan, Italy, because of difficulties in Myanmar.
Monsignor Ennio Apeciti, President of the process, traveled to Burma, Thailand and Brasil, as well as in Italy, to interview those who knew Father Clement.
In 1999 began the “Roman process” of the Congregation for Sainthood Causes which receives testimonies about miracles obtained through the Clement's intercession. On March 15, 2008, Pope Benedict XVI signed the ”Decree of Venerability” for Vismara, deeming them a Christian who had practiced virtues of the Gospel in a heroic grade.
On Saturday, April 2, 2011, Pope Benedict XVI received in audience Angelo Cardinal Amato, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, and approved, among many other advancements of beatification causes, the official recognition of a miracle attributed to Father Clement's intercession. This is the necessary element required for them to be approved for beatification.
Father Vismara's beatification took place on June 26, 2011, in the Piazza Duomo of Milan.
Writings of father Vismara translated into English
Apostle of the Little Ones (original title : Il Bosco delle Perle, translation by: Catherine Bolton) - PIME World Press - Detroit, Michigan, 1998 - 171 pages,
Bibliography
Good News at 7:18 - Piero Gheddo - Pime World Press - Detroit, Michigan, 1996 - 108 pages (facts about Vismara in chapter 4) - .
Positio super vita, virtutibus et fama sanctitatis Clementis Vismara, by Francesca Consolini, Congregation for Sainthood Causes, Rome, Italy July 2001, 620 pages. The title, translated from Latin, reads: Facts about Clement Vismara's life, virtues and fame of holiness. The ”Positio” is the summary of the proceedings of “Diocesan Process”, commonly referred to as ”Public Copy”. The ”Positio” consists of a chronology, a summary of interviews with 123 witnesses and a documented biography. The ”Public Copy” is composed of nine volumes of 450 pages each containing all the known and relevant material: all Vismara's articles, their 1884 letters, all the testimonies and all that was written about him.
Prima del sole – L'avventura missionaria di padre Clemente Vismara (tr.: Before sunrise - The missionary adventure of fr. Clement Vismara) – Piero Gheddo, EMI – Bologna, Italy, 1998 3 ed., 222 pages
Notes
External links
pime.org PIME - Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions
pimeusa.org/saints PIME - Saints from Pontifical Institute for Foreign Missions (North American Region site)
Italian beatified people
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
Roman Catholic missionaries in Myanmar
Italian Roman Catholic missionaries
1897 births
1988 deaths
Beatifications by Pope Benedict XVI
Venerated Catholics by Pope Benedict XVI
Italian expatriates in Myanmar
Beijing Spring is a 2021 American documentary film directed by Andy Cohen and co-directed by Gaylen Ross. The film chronicles the struggle for free speech and free artistic expression in the People's Republic of China (PRC) during a brief period of political reform during the late 1970s known as the Beijing Spring. Production started in 2010 and finished in 2020. Due to legal and jurisdictional issues surrounding the rights of Chi Xiaoning's never-before-seen archival footage, production was halted for four years until Hong Kong's M+ Museum untangled complicated ownership rights.
Background
The Beijing Spring began with Mao Zedong's death in September 1976 and peaked with Deng Xiaoping's liberalization efforts in 1978-1979. Along with economic reforms, Deng loosened censorship, allowing western books and ideas into China, and experimented with free speech, allowing citizens to express their thoughts freely in one easily monitored locale: the Democracy Wall, a long brick wall running along Xidan Street near Tiananmen Square. Farmers and workers posted big character posters (dazibao) on the Democracy Wall, expressing grievances suffered during the Cultural Revolution (1966 – 1976) and demanding reparations for deaths, torture and arbitrary imprisonment of family members. Artists and essayists also began to post unofficial art works and writings on the wall from underground magazines that bucked official propaganda, criticized the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and called for democracy.
The film focuses on a group of artists called the Stars, which grew out of the underground magazine Today. At Democracy Wall, the artists pushed the limits of free speech by posting prohibited art forms such as abstraction and nudity, photos and poetry depicting everyday life, as well as sculpture critical of the CCP. Meanwhile, overt calls for democracy were penned and posted by activists Wei Jingsheng of Explorations magazine and Xu Wenli of the April Fifth Forum.
After being refused the right to officially exhibit their avant-garde work in a gallery, the Stars held an illegal exhibition on the fence outside the National Museum of China. It was immediately taken down by the police and the works confiscated. Continuing the struggle for free artistic expression, the Stars and democracy activists held a protest rally at Democracy Wall on National Day, the annual October 1st celebration of the founding of the PRC. After the speeches, the gathered crowd marched to the Municipal Building with thousands of ordinary people joining along the way. The artists and activists feared long prison sentences or death.
Provoked and incensed, Deng cracked down on the Democracy Wall movement and Stars art group in 1980, closing the wall and issuing arrests, putting an end to the Beijing Spring. The government-sponsored Anti-Spiritual Pollution campaign that followed sought to curtail Western-inspired liberal ideas from "polluting" China's youth and culture. The Democracy Wall activists and artists were targeted by the authorities and were subsequently forced into exile abroad.
Use of archival footage hidden from authorities
For the first time ever, Beijing Spring shows 16-mm footage of the illegal 1979 Stars art exhibit hung on the iron fence of the National Museum, as well as modern China's first protest rally and march through the city streets. After being detained by the authorities for illegally filming the illegal protest, Chi Xiaoning tricked the authorities into believing they destroyed the footage by exposing a blank reel of film. Chi hid the actual footage with friends, which was passed around and hidden underground in Beijing for four decades until Cohen tracked it down with the help of their Mandarin-speaking cousin.
Key themes
Free speech
Beijing Spring is the story of the struggle for freedom of expression. Dozens of art pieces created by the unofficial Stars artists are presented in the film, paying tribute to the courage of the artists/activists of the time who dared break with the restrictive aesthetic mandates laid down by Maoist policy.
Censorship
The film focuses on the Democracy Wall activists' and Stars artists' fight against censorship after Mao's death in 1976. Censorship on the Chinese mainland, and now in Hong Kong, was and continues to be a formidable foe of free speech in the realm of art, writing and democracy movements. The trial of Wei Jingsheng was closed, yet the artists managed to secretly record the hearing and post the transcript on Democracy Wall. The Stars also pushed for the right to peacefully gather and protest.
Women's rights
Themes of women's rights are explored through the art and eyes of activists and artists. Stars artist Li Shuang spent two years in jail for dating a foreigner, French diplomat Emmanuel Bellefroid, to whom they were eventually married in Paris after their release with the help of the French government.
Cast
The story is told through archival images and audio recordings, art works and recent testimonies from participants of the Stars including Ai Weiwei, Ma Desheng, Huang Rui, Wang Keping, Qu Leilei, Li Shuang and Shao Fei among others. Democracy activists Wei Jingsheng and Xu Wenli also appear in the film, who between the two of them spent more than 35 years in jail, often in solitary confinement.
Reception
The reviews were positive, valuing the film's dramatic storyline and intricate weave of archival footage, photos, art, poetry, music, dance, underground magazines as well as testimony from the Democracy Wall artists and activists who battled totalitarianism. Beijing Spring brings to light a story that had been censored from China's official history books.
Le Culte's Marius Gellner writes, “This feature film by Andy Cohen and Gaylen Ross holds us spellbound, educates us and amazes us by mixing archival footage and testimonies of the artists who raised their voices against censorship in the late 1970s.”
And according to Guylaine Massoutre of Spirale Magazine,
“Watching Beijing Spring, the documentary that opens the 39th edition of FIFA in Montreal, one knows the bar has been set high.”
In the Jerusalem Post, Hannah Brown wrote that the Democracy Wall movement “is the subject of a “fascinating documentary, Beijing Spring.”
“Beijing Spring is an essential document,” Art Asia Pacific states, “that chronicles several key events in the transformative history of 20th-century China.”
Awards
Jury Prize FIFA/Amnesty International, Montreal—2021
Dart Best International Documentary Award, Barcelona—2021
Lonely Wolf Best Feature Documentary Award, London—2021
Lonely Wolf Outstanding Achievement in Documentary Editing, Archival Usage & Assembly Award, London—2021
Austin International Art Festival Best Feature Documentary, Austin—2021
Press
References
External links
2021 documentary films
Documentary films about the arts
Documentary films about China
Films shot in Beijing
Freedom of speech in China
2021 films
The Peter Smyth House is a historic house at 1629 Crossover Street in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Built in 1886, it is a regionally rare example of a small stone cottage built in a traditional central hall plan. The house is built out of coursed sandstone, and has finely-chiseled lintels and sills for the openings. The front facade is five bays wide, with a center entry flanked by four sash windows. There two chimneys just inside the outer side walls at the peak of the side gable roof. A stone ell of antiquity similar to that of the house is attached to the rear; it is uncertain whether it was built as an integral part of the house, or added later.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Greek Revival houses in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1886
Houses in Fayetteville, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Fayetteville, Arkansas
The Ironton Tribune is a daily newspaper based in Ironton, Ohio. The newspaper is owned by Boone Newspapers.
The Tribune originated in 1928 as a merger of existing publications The Irontonian and The Ironton Register. The Register had been in circulation since 1850, while The Irontonian entered circulation in 1874. Originally based at Railroad Street in downtown Ironton, the Tribune relocated to its current location on Fifth Street in 1974.
Podcaster, comedian, and video game journalist Justin McElroy worked as a reporter for the Ironton Tribune from 2005, later being promoted to news editor before entering the video game journalism industry with Joystiq in 2007.
References
Newspapers published in Ohio
Ironton, Ohio
1928 establishments in Ohio
Bouchra Ahrich (also spelled "Hraich"; born 27 July 1972 in Salé) is a Moroccan actor and comedian.
Biography
Ahrich was born in Salé. After graduating from high school, they enrolled at the Institut supérieur d'art dramatique et d'animation culturelle (ISADAC) in Rabat, where they spent four years studying stage acting.
Partial filmography
Feature films
2004: Tarfaya
2008: Ex-Chemkar
2011: Larbi ou le destin d'un grand footballeur
2015: La Isla de Perejil
2018: Corsa
Short films
2003: Balcon Atlantico
External links
Bouchra Ahrich - IMDb
References
Moroccan actores
Moroccan comedians
1972 births
Living people
Norwood is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969.
Montezuma was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 882, in 226 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
In mathematics, particularly matrix theory and combinatorics, a Pascal matrix is a (possibly infinite) matrix containing the binomial coefficients as its elements. It is thus an encoding of Pascal's triangle in matrix form. There are three natural ways to achieve this: as a lower-triangular matrix, an upper-triangular matrix, or a symmetric matrix. For example, the 5 × 5 matrices are:
There are other ways in which Pascal's triangle can be put into matrix form, but these are not easily extended to infinity.
Definition
The non-zero elements of a Pascal matrix are given by the binomial coefficients:
where the indices i, j start at 0, and ! denotes the factorial.
Properties
The matrices have the pleasing relationship Sn = LnUn. From this it is easily seen that all three matrices have determinant 1, as the determinant of a triangular matrix is simply the product of its diagonal elements, which are all 1 for both Ln and Un. In other words, matrices Sn, Ln, and Un are unimodular, with Ln and Un having trace n.
The trace of Sn is given by
with the first few terms given by the sequence 1, 3, 9, 29, 99, 351, 1275, … .
Construction
The Pascal matrix can actually be constructed by taking the matrix exponential of a special subdiagonal or superdiagonal matrix. The example below constructs a 7 × 7 Pascal matrix, but the method works for any desired n × n Pascal matrices. The dots in the following matrices represent zero elements.
It is important to note that one cannot simply assume exp(A) exp(B) = exp(A + B), for n × n matrices A and B; this equality only holds when AB = BA (i.e. when the matrices A and B commute). In the construction of symmetric Pascal matrices like that above, the sub- and superdiagonal matrices do not commute, so the (perhaps) tempting simplification involving the addition of the matrices cannot be made.
A useful property of the sub- and superdiagonal matrices used in the construction is that both are nilpotent; that is, when raised to a sufficiently high integer power, they degenerate into the zero matrix. (See shift matrix for further details.) As the n × n generalised shift matrices we are using become zero when raised to power n, when calculating the matrix exponential we need only consider the first n + 1 terms of the infinite series to obtain an exact result.
Variants
Interesting variants can be obtained by obvious modification of the matrix-logarithm PL7 and then application of the matrix exponential.
The first example below uses the squares of the values of the log-matrix and constructs a 7 × 7 "Laguerre"- matrix (or matrix of coefficients of Laguerre polynomials
The Laguerre-matrix is actually used with some other scaling and/or the scheme of alternating signs.
(Literature about generalizations to higher powers is not found yet)
The second example below uses the products v(v + 1) of the values of the log-matrix and constructs a 7 × 7 "Lah"- matrix (or matrix of coefficients of Lah numbers)
Using v(v − 1) instead provides a diagonal shifting to bottom-right.
The third example below uses the square of the original PL7-matrix, divided by 2, in other words: the first-order binomials (binomial(k, 2)) in the second subdiagonal and constructs a matrix, which occurs in context of the derivatives and integrals of the Gaussian error function:
If this matrix is inverted (using, for instance, the negative matrix-logarithm), then this matrix has alternating signs and gives the coefficients of the derivatives (and by extension the integrals) of Gauss' error-function. (Literature about generalizations to higher powers is not found yet.)
Another variant can be obtained by extending the original matrix to negative values:
See also
Pascal's triangle
LU decomposition
References
G. S. Call and D. J. Velleman, "Pascal's matrices", American Mathematical Monthly, volume 100, (April 1993) pages 372–376
External links
G. Helms Pascalmatrix in a project of compilation of facts about Numbertheoretical matrices
G. Helms Gauss-matrix
Weisstein, Eric W. Gaussian-function
Weisstein, Eric W. Erf-function
Weisstein, Eric W. "Hermite Polynomial". Hermite-polynomials
Endl, Kurt "Über eine ausgezeichnete Eigenschaft der Koeffizientenmatrizen des Laguerreschen und des Hermiteschen Polynomsystems". In: PERIODICAL VOLUME 65 Mathematische Zeitschrift Kurt Endl
(Related to Gauss-matrix).
Matrices
Triangles of numbers
Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act ("McCain-Kennedy Bill," ) was an immigration reform bill introduced in the United States Senate on May 12, 2005 by Senators John McCain and Ted Kennedy. It was the first of its kind since the early 2000s in incorporating legalization, guest worker programs, and border enforcement components.
Legislation history
As United States immigration debate unfolded in Congress and in the field during 2005 and 2006, the bill became a landmark legislation that was often referenced by most parties of the debate to indicate support or opposition to a certain kind of immigration reform that incorporated the three components. The bill was never voted on in the Senate. The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2006 and the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007 are two additional compromises based on the original McCain-Kennedy bill.
See also
Immigration
Immigration to the United States
References
External links
Thomas Summary
S. 1033 at GovTrack.us
Proposed legislation of the 109th United States Congress
United States proposed federal immigration and nationality legislation
Aurantiacibacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
Francis Edwin Shober (March 12, 1831 – May 29, 1896) was an American politician who served as U.S. Representative from North Carolina, secretary of the United States Senate, county judge, and a member of the North Carolina State House and North Carolina House of Commons. They were the father of Francis Emanuel Shober.
Born in Salem (now Winston-Salem), North Carolina, Shober attended the common schools and the Moravian School, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
They were graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1851.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1853 and commenced practice in Salisbury, North Carolina, in 1854. They served as member of the North Carolina General Assembly of 1862-1864 House of Commons (18621864). They served in the North Carolina General Assembly of 1865-1866 state senate in 1865.
Shober was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-first and Forty-second Congresses (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1873).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1872.
They served as delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1875.
County judge of Rowan County in 1877 and 1878.
They were appointed Chief Clerk of the United States Senate in the Forty-fifth Congress.
Upon the death of Secretary John C. Burch in the Forty-seventh Congress was appointed Acting Secretary of the Senate and served from October 24, 1881, to December 18, 1883.
They served as delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1880 and 1884.
They were again a member of the State senate in 1887.
They resumed the practice of their profession.
They died in Salisbury, North Carolina, May 29, 1896.
They were interred in Oakdale Cemetery.
On January 6, 1889, James Francis Shober, the first black physician with a medical degree to set up practice in North Carolina, died.
Evidence indicates that they had a son, James Francis Shober from an 18-year-old slave. Their son was born in the Moravian community of Salem in 1853 and was the first documented African-American physician in NC.
References
External links
1831 births
1896 deaths
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina state senators
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina
19th-century American politicians
Secretaries of the United States Senate
The Australian Whale Sanctuary was established in 1999 to protect dolphins and whales from hunting in waters within the Australian government's jurisdiction.
The sanctuary includes the whole of the Australian Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ), which is the area surrounding the continent of Australia and its external dependencies such as Christmas Island (in the Indian Ocean), Cocos (Keeling) Island, Norfolk Island, Macquarie Island and Heard Island and McDonald Islands, and including the EEZ adjoining the coastline of the Australian Antarctic Territory which is only recognised by the United Kingdom, New Zealand, France and Norway.
The sanctuary is the scene of an ongoing controversy between Australia and Japan over whaling. In 2008 the Federal Court of Australia ruled it was illegal under Australian law for the Japanese whaling fleet to kill whales in the Sanctuary. In 2015 Kyodo Senpaku Kaisha Ltd was found guilty of wilful contempt of court and fined A$1,000,000.
See also
Whale watching in Australia
Whaling controversy
References
External links
Official webpage
PDF map of the sanctuary
Marine protected areas of Australia
Whale sanctuaries
Cetacean research and conservation
1999 establishments in Australia
Exclusive economic zone of Australia
Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Paralympics, in Lillehammer (Norway), consisted of 66 events, 46 for men and 20 for women.
Medal table
Medal summary
The competition events were:
Downhill: men - women
Super-G: men - women
Giant slalom: men - women
Slalom: men - women
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:
LW2 - standing: single leg amputation above the knee
LW 3 - standing: double leg amputation below the knee, mild cerebral palsy, or equivalent impairment
LW4 - standing: single leg amputation below the knee
LW5/7 - standing: double arm amputation
LW6/8 - standing: single arm amputation
LW9 - standing: amputation or equivalent impairment of one arm and one leg
LWX - sitting: paraplegia with no or some upper abdominal function and no functional sitting balance
LWXI - sitting: paraplegia with fair functional sitting balance
LWXII - sitting: double leg amputation above the knees, or paraplegia with some leg function and good sitting balance
B1 - visually impaired: no functional vision
B2 - visually impaired: up to ca 3-5% functional vision
B3 - visually impaired: under 10% functional vision
Men's events
Women's events
See also
Alpine skiing at the 1994 Winter Olympics
References
Historical Medallists : Vancouver 2010 Winter Paralympics, Official website of the 2010 Winter Paralympics
Winter Sport Classification, Canadian Paralympic Committee
1994 Winter Paralympics events
1994
Paralympics
it:Sci alpino ai V Giochi paralimpici invernali
Events from the year 1671 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Christian V
Events
March – Charles Bertie (senior) is named British envoy-extraordinary to Denmark.
September 20 – Princess Wilhelmine Ernestine is married to Charles, the heir of the Electorate of the Palatinate at Sophie Amalienborg in Copenhagen.
Undated
Paul Kurtz completes the Crown of Christian V.
Anointing of Christian V at Frederiksborg Castle.
The Order of the Dannebrog is instituted, comprising only a single class of 50 noble knights, plus the Master of the Order, i.e. the Danish monarch, and their sons.
Lambert van Haven is appointed General Building Master, as the first to hold this post, with overall responsibility for executing the king's architectural wishes.
Abraham Wuchters is appointed Painter to the Danish Court.
The titles Landgrave and Land Baron are introduced as the highest noble ranks in Denmark with the creation of counties and baronies.
The "King's New Square", Kongens Nytorv, is established in Copenhagen with inspiration from the Paris.
The military Garnisons Cemetery is inaugurated outside Copenhagen's Eastern City Gate.
Danish West India Company is founded and will settle on St. Thomas the following year, founding the Danish West Indies.
Births
February 5 – Bartholomæus Deichman bishop (d. 1731).
June 21 – Christian Detlev Reventlow, diplomat and military leader (1738)
July 21 – Hendrick Krock, painter to the Danish Court (d. 1738)
October 8 – Frederick IV, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, Duke of Schleswig (d. 1702)
October 11 – Frederick IV, king of Denmark (d. 1730)
Full date unknown
Benoît Le Coffre, painter to the Danish Court (d. 1722)
Morgan Bryan, grandfather of Rebecca Boone /d. 1763
Deaths
March 15 – Axel Urup, military engineer and commander (b. 1601)
References
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Sir Cecil Charles Boyd-Rochfort KCVO (188718 March 1983) was an Irish thoroughbred racehorse trainer who was British flat racing Champion Trainer five times.
Background
Cecil was the son of Rochfort Hamilton Boyd-Rochfort and the grandson of George Augustus Boyd-Rochfort. They were educated at Eton College and served with the Scots Guards during World War I, winning the Croix de Guerre and reached the rank of captain. Their brother, George Boyd-Rochfort (1880–1940), also served with the Scots Guards during World War I and won the Victoria Cross.
Career
They trained for King George VI and then Queen Elizabeth II from 1943 until they retired in 1968, the same year in which they were knighted. Their biggest royal wins were Pall Mall in the 1958 2,000 Guineas, Hypericum in the 1956 1,000 Guineas, Aureole in the 1954 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and Canisbay in the 1965 Eclipse Stakes. They trained at Newmarket's Freemason Lodge stables from 1923 to 1968. Brown Betty's 1933 Epsom Oaks win was their first classic, but their particular flair was for training stayers: Boswell's 1936 St. Leger triumph was the first of six final classic wins (from 13 entries). Boyd-Rochfort's only success in The Derby came in 1959 with Parthia. They were champion trainer in 1937, 1938, 1954, 1955 and 1958, and other top successes for their stable were the Ascot Gold Cup wins of Precipitation and Zarathustra, and in the later stages of their career they won the Goodwood Cup four times between 1962 and 1966. They were the stepfather of racehorse trainer Henry Cecil.
References
External links
Sir Cecil Boyd-Rochfort at the National Horseracing Museum
1887 births
1983 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Scots Guards officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
British horse trainers
People in sports awarded knighthoods
USS Gazelle (IX-116), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the gazelle, any of numerous small, graceful, and swift antelopes, with lustrous eyes, found especially in South Africa, northern Africa, Iran, and India. They were built as an auxiliary oiler, launched on 9 November 1943 by the California Shipbuilding Corporation, at Wilmington, Los Angeles, as SS Cyrus K. Holliday sponsored by Mrs. J. E. Stewart, and acquired by the Navy and simultaneously commissioned on 29 November 1943.
Gazelle sailed from Wilmington on 9 January 1944 for Pearl Harbor, where they were assigned to Rear Admiral Turner's Southern Attack Force for the imminent assault on Kwajalein. Underway with the task force 28 January, they entered Kwajalein Lagoon on 2 February 1944 and began fueling operations in the midst of the furious fighting. For two weeks they fueled combatant ships, including battleships
New Mexico (BB-40),
Mississippi (BB-23),
Idaho (BB-42),
many cruisers, escort carriers, and smaller warships.
Them mission accomplished, Gazelle stood out 15 February for further combat duties. They steamed into Eniwetok Lagoon on 18 February to support the amphibious invasion of that strategic island. Here in the front line of fighting they fueled several destroyer divisions before sailing 26 February for Kwajalein, where they issued fuel to American warships until getting underway 1 April for Pearl Harbor, arriving 12 April.
One week later they sailed for Majuro, arriving 27 April, and subsequently continued fueling operations and shuttle runs through submarine-infested waters to Majuro, Roi, Kwajalein, and Eniwetok through the summer of 1944, until reaching Ulithi on 15 October. Gazelle escaped damage when Japanese midget submarines penetrated the harbor net and patrol defenses at Ulithi on 20 November and sank oiler Mississinewa, moored away. Underway once more on 10 January 1945, the ship reached Palau two days later and served there until arriving Leyte on 28 February. While at Leyte they fueled some 100 Allied ships during the next six months.
Gazelle sailed 13 September for Korea, arriving Jinsen on 28 September, and joined the Korean Service Group, Seventh Fleet. They remained in Korea through October 1945.
Sometime during this period, the Gazelle encountered a typhoon, keeling so far over they almost sank, according to Jere Hamill, one of the ship's officers (in an oral interview with Bruce Edlen, April, 2010).
Gazelle reached Norfolk, Virginia, on 28 February 1946 and decommissioned there on 9 May 1946. Returned to the War Shipping Administration the next day, they were stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 21 May 1946. In 1948 they were sold to Intercontinental S.S. Corporation and renamed Evistar.
Gazelle earned one battle star for World War II service.
References
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
The is a railway line operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in Tottori Prefecture, Japan. The line connects and .
Stations
All stations are in Tottori Prefecture. The stations have nicknames corresponding to monsters that appear in GeGeGe no Kitaro.
History
The entire line opened in 1902. The section to Goto was electrified in 1982, and freight services ceased in 1986.
In 2008, Oshinozu Station was closed and the line relocated 800 m east to serve Yonago Airport, with the new station named accordingly.
JR West announced an 800 million yen renovation of the line's rolling stock (22 cars) in October 2017, to be completed by spring 2019. The renovation will introduce on-board fare payment using ICOCA proximity cards (as well as Suica and other major Japanese transit cards). Most stations on the line are unmanned, requiring fares to be paid to the train conductor; the upgrade is intended to increase efficiency, and to better serve travelers from Tokyo, Osaka and other metropolitan areas where proximity cards are commonly used.
See also
List of railway lines in Japan
References
Rail transport in Tottori Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Airport rail links in Japan
William M. Charter, nicknamed "Babe", is an American former Negro league first baseman who played in the 1940s.
Charter made their Negro leagues debut in 1943 with the Birmingham Black Barons, Kansas City Monarchs, and Chicago American Giants. They went on to play two more seasons with Chicago through 1946.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Year of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Birmingham Black Barons players
Chicago American Giants players
Kansas City Monarchs players
Baseball first basemen
NBA Entertainment is the production arm of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and produces many NBA-related films including team championship videos and blooper and entertainment reels. Founded in 1982, it used to be associated with CBS/Fox Video, which was signing an agreement in 1987, before changing its distribution partner to Warner Bros. whose Turner Sports division runs its website and is one of its major broadcast partners.
Films produced by NBA Entertainment
The Dynasty Renewed: 1981 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1981
Something to Prove: 1982 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1982
That Championship Feeling: 1983 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1983
Pride And Passion: 1984 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1984
Return To Glory: 1985 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1985
Sweet Sixteen: 1986 NBA Playoffs and Finals 1986
Home of the Brave: The 1986-87 Boston Celtics
The Drive for Five: The 1986-87 Los Angeles Lakers
Basketball's Air Force: The 1986-87 Atlanta Hawks
Hanging Tough: The 1986-87 Houston Rockets
Higher Ground: The 1987-88 Chicago Bulls 1988
Bad Boys: The 1987-88 Detroit Pistons 1988
Michael Jordan: Come Fly With Me 1988
Dazzling Dunks and Basketball Bloopers 1988
NBA Awesome Endings 1989
NBA Superstars 1989
Kareem: Reflections From Inside 1989
New York's Game: The History of The New York Knicks 1989
History of the NBA 1989
The New Dazzling Dunks and Basketball Bloopers 1989 (Note: this show featured a parody of the History of the NBA called the Unofficial History of the NBA).
Return to Rip City: The 1989-90 Portland Trail Blazers
Pure Pistons: The 1989-90 Detroit Pistons
Sports Illustrated Presents Milestones: Record Breakers of the NBA 1990
Sports Illustrated Presents Champions: The NBA Greatest Teams 1990
Sports Illustrated Presents Classic Confrontations in the NBA 1990
Michael Jordan's Playground 1990
Learning to Fly: The 1990-91 Chicago Bulls 1991
Super Slams of the NBA 1991
Larry Bird: A Basketball Legend 1991
Magic Johnson: Always Showtime 1991 (Note: this film would be updated in 1996 to include their first retirement, their 1992 Olympic experience and their return to the NBA in 1996).
NBA Superstars 2 1992
Untouchabulls: The 1991-92 Chicago Bulls 1992
NBA Dream Team 1992
Silver Streak: The First 25 Years of the Phoenix Suns 1992
Michael Jordan: Air Time 1993
NBA Jam Session 1993
Three-Peat: The 1992-93 Chicago Bulls 1993
NBA Guts and Glory 1993
Patrick Ewing Standing Tall 1993
Sir Charles 1994
Clutch City: The 1993-94 Houston Rockets 1994
NBA Below the Rim 1995
NBA Jams: The Music Videos 1995
Double Clutch: The 1994-95 Houston Rockets
NBA Legacy: Living Legends to Rising Stars 1995
NBA Furious Finishes 1996
Michael Jordan: Above and Beyond 1996
UnStop-a-Bulls: The 1995-96 Chicago Bulls 1996
Space Jam (animated by Warner Bros. Feature Animation) 1996
NBA In the Paint 1997
Like Mike 2002
References
Entertainment
Mass media in Hudson County, New Jersey
Companies based in Hudson County, New Jersey
Pascal Bieler (born 26 February 1986) is a German football coach and former professional player. Bieler is currently the assistant of Borussia Dortmund II.
They were a left defensive back and they are a product of the Hertha BSC youth academy.
Coaching career
Four months after Bieler's arrival to Wuppertaler SV in the summer 2016, they retired and instead accepted a new role as assistant manager of the club's U19 squad. On 8 February 2018 the club announced, that U19 manager Christian Britscho had been promoted to the first team manager and Bieler would take charge of the U19 team as caretaker manager and would also be assistant manager for the first team. On 27 April 2018 it was confirmed, that Bieler would remain as manager of the U19 squad alongside their role as assistant manager for the first team.
After first team manager Adrian Alipour was fired on 25 March 2019, Bieler was appointed as caretaker manager for the rest of the season. In October 2019 they were replaced by Alexander Voigt. In January 2020 they became permanent manager of Wuppertaler SV on a short-term contract following Voigt's departure from the club.
In June 2020 they left Wuppertal to become an assistant at Borussia Dortmund II.
References
External links
Living people
1986 births
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Hertha BSC players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
1. FC Nürnberg players
1. FC Nürnberg II players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Würzburger Kickers players
Wuppertaler SV players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Berlin
Wuppertaler SV non-playing staff
Wuppertaler SV managers
Borussia Dortmund non-playing staff
German football managers
Louise Anneli Schillgard (; born 23 October 1989) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. They last played for Boston Breakers of the American National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) in 2016. They did not play in 2015 but spent part of 2014 with Älta IF of the Elitettan, on loan from Liverpool of the English FA WSL. At club level they also played for Linköping FC in Sweden's Damallsvenskan, Hammarby IF, AIK, Western Sydney Wanderers FC in Australia's W-League, and RCD Espanyol in Spain's Superliga Femenina. Schillgard won 23 caps for the Sweden women's national football team and represented their country at UEFA Women's Euro 2009 in Finland.
Club career
Nicknamed "Lollo", they signed a two-year extension to their Linköpings contract in October 2011.
On 12 December 2012 it was announced that Schillgard had signed a contract with Liverpool. On 29 September 2013, in the end-of-season decider 2–0 win against Bristol, Schillgard scored Liverpool's first goal from the penalty spot and helped Liverpool clinch their first FA WSL title. Schillgard departed Liverpool on loan in January 2014, to play for Älta IF of the Elitettan. The decision was related to the planning of their wedding. They intended to return to the Reds for their UEFA Women's Champions League campaign in 2014–15.
On 30 June 2014, twenty-four-year-old Schillgard announced their sudden retirement from all football. Having played at the top level since the age of 14, they wanted to prioritise their family life, but did not rule out a return to professional soccer in future.
In January 2016 they were tempted out of retirement by their former Liverpool coach Matt Beard, who signed them for their new club, Boston Breakers of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).
On 10 November 2016, after one season at Boston Breakers, the club announced Schillgard was not returning for the 2017 season due to personal reasons.
International career
Schillgard was a member of the Swedish national team from their debut against Romania in September 2008, and played at the 2009 European Championship. They subsequently took part in the 2011 World Cup qualifying campaign, but was not selected for the final tournament.
They were also overlooked for the 2012 Olympic football tournament in London and UEFA Women's Euro 2013, which Sweden hosted. Disappointed Schillgard suspected that they were excluded on grounds of their character rather than their ability.
Honours
Club
Liverpool
FA WSL (1): 2013
See also
Foreign players in the FA WSL
List of foreign W-League (Australia) players
List of foreign NWSL players
List of Western Sydney Wanderers Women players
References
External links
Swedish National Team profile
1989 births
Living people
Swedish women's footballers
Sweden women's international footballers
Hammarby Fotboll (women) players
AIK Fotboll (women) players
RCD Espanyol Femenino players
Linköpings FC players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC (A-League Women) players
Liverpool F.C. Women players
Boston Breakers (NWSL) players
Damallsvenskan players
Primera División (women) players
A-League Women players
Women's Super League players
National Women's Soccer League players
Expatriate women's footballers in Spain
Expatriate women's soccer players in Australia
Expatriate women's footballers in England
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Women's association football midfielders
Footballers from Stockholm
is a railway station in Mihara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Hongō Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
The station has two side platforms and a station office on ground level. The two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
The Udi Hills, or Ugwueme and Udi hills, is located in the North Local Government Area of Enugu State, Nigeria. These hills rise hundreds of meters above sea level.
History
In 1908, the Udi hills attracted a British expedition team on its way from Akwa to the Middle Belt, and in 1909, the British colonial government to Nigeria sent a team of mining engineers to Enugu to prospect for silver. Upon arrival they found coal instead and settled in Ngwo at the top of Milliken Hill. On its slope to the south they set up another settlement for African laborers known as Alfred Camp or Ugwu Alfred. In 1915, Udi hills was the site for the first coal mine to be opened in Nigeria but was closed two years later and replaced with the Iva Valley mine.
References
Enugu State
Hills of Nigeria
Granville Penn (9 December 1761 – 28 September 1844) was a great-grandson of Admiral Sir William Penn, a British author, and scriptural geologist.
Biography
They were born 9 December 1761 in Spring Gardens, London, the second surviving son of Thomas Penn and their wife, Lady Juliana Fermor Penn, fourth daughter of Thomas, first Earl of Pomfret. They studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, but did not complete their degree. They then became an assistant clerk in the war department.
In the period from 1788 Penn played a part in the development of veterinary education. A supporter of the Odiham Society, they met Charles Benoît Vial de Sainbel who was in England for the second time to try to set up a veterinary school, such as existed at Lyon; and whose profile was raised when they were asked to dissect the famous racehorse Eclipse. Penn ran a successful campaign over a few years to implement their own version of Sainbel's original scheme. The Veterinary College, London opened its doors to pupils at the beginning of 1792.
In 1834 Penn succeeded their brother, John Penn, in the estates of Stoke Park, Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire, and Pennsylvania Castle, Portland. In 1836, they were elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society.
They died at Stoke Park, Buckinghamshire, on 28 September 1844. In 1791 they had married Isabella, the eldest daughter of General Gordon Forbes at All Saints Church, Kingston upon Thames; they had four sons and five daughters.
Writings
Penn, fluent in French, Greek, Latin and Hebrew, was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries and wrote several books dealing with Biblical criticism and published a number of competent translations of ancient Greek works, including a critical revision of the English version of the New Testament. They also wrote some theological works particularly related to Biblical chronology (past and future) and the early history of post-Flood humankind. In 1833 they wrote the Life of Admiral Sir William Penn, on their great-grandfather.
A Comparative Estimate
Their major work as a scriptural geologist was A Comparative Estimate of the Mineral and Mosaical Geologies, published in 1822. Penn added a supplement in 1823 in response to Buckland's theory on Kirkdale Cave, and then revised and enlarged it to two volumes in 1825 in response to criticisms. Like most Scriptural geologists, Penn, whose name became indelibly associated with Scriptural geology, participated only transiently with it during their career. For example, between the production of their book when they were 62 and their death in 1844 they focused on philological scholarship.
Attitude toward geology
Penn wrote that "The science of Geology … has this remarkable character above all the preceding physical sciences; that, it not only conducts the intelligence, like them, to the discernment of the God of Nature, but advances it further, to a distinct recognition of that God of Nature in the God of Scripture."
Works
Critical Remarks on Isaiah vii. 18, 1799.
Remarks on the Eastern Origination of Mankind and of the Arts of Cultivated Life, 1799.
A Greek Version of the Inscription on the Rosetta Stone, containing a decree of the priests in honor of Ptolemy the Fifth, 1802.
The Bioscope. Or Dial of Life, explained. To which is added, a Translation of St.Paulinu's Epistle to Celantia, on the Rule of Christian Life; and an Elementary View of General Chronology, 1814.
A Comparative Estimate of the Mineral and Mosaical Geologies, 1822
Life of Admiral Sir William Penn, 1833
"The Book of the New Covenant". A review and new translation, 1836
Notes
References
English geologists
English people of Welsh descent
1761 births
1844 deaths
Granville
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Thomas de Leu or Leeuw or Le Leup or Deleu (1560–1612) was a French engraver, publisher, and print dealer of Flemish origin.
Life
They were the son of a print dealer in Oudenaarde and began their career in Antwerp, where they worked for Jean Ditmar (c. 1538–1603) and was influenced by the Wierix.
Sometime after 1576 and before 1580 they went to Paris to work for the painter and engraver Jean Rabel (1540/50–1603).
On 22 August 1583 they married Marie Caron, daughter of Antoine Caron, one of the principal painters of the Second School of Fontainebleau. Although it has been stated that they were thereby the brother-in-law of the engraver Léonard Gaultier, this is probably not the case.
In the Wars of Religion they managed to switch from the side of the Catholic League to that of Henry IV. As a result, they became enormously wealthy, running a highly productive workshop and publishing numerous prints by other artists. Their apprentices included Jacques Honnervogt (fl 1608–1635) and Melchior Tavernier.
On 22 May 1605 they married Charlotte Bothereau. Their daughter Charlotte married Claude Vignon. They died in Paris.
Work
Their first dated engraving is Justice (1579; Linzeler no. 57). They produced more than 300 plates of portraiture, including ones of Catherine de' Medici (Linzeler no. 255) and Sir Francis Drake, and many engravings on religious subjects, such as Christ in Blessing (1598; Linzeler no. 7) and a set of 25 plates depicting The Life of Saint Francis. They also provided illustrations for books.
Notes
Bibliography
Bassani, Paola Pacht (1996). "Vignon, Claude" in Turner 1996, vol. 32, pp. 509–510.
Benezit (2006). "Leu, Thomas de", vol. 8, p. 915, in Benezit Dictionary of Artists. Paris: Gründ. .
Grivel, Marianne (1986). Le Commerce de l'estampe à Paris au XVIIe siècle. Geneva: Droze. Listings at WorldCat.
Grivel, Marianne (1996a). "Gaultier, Léonard" in Turner 1996, vol. 12, pp. 203–204.
Grivel, Marianne (1996b). "Leu, Thomas de" in Turner 1996, vol. 19, p. 257.
Linzeler, André; Aldhémar, Jean (1932–1938). Inventaire du fonds français: graveurs du seizième siècle. Paris: Maurice Le Garrec. Paris: Bibliothèque nationale. Listings at WorldCat.
Préaud, Maxime; Pierre Casselle; Marianne Grivel; Corinne Le Bitouze (1987). Dictionnaire des éditeurs d'estampes à Paris sous l'Ancien Régime. Promodis. .
Turner, Jane, editor (1996). The Dictionary of Art, reprinted with minor corrections in 1998. New York: Grove. .
External links
16th-century French engravers
Flemish engravers
1560 births
1612 deaths
17th-century French engravers
Vidyagauri Adkar (Marathi: विद्यागौरी आडकर) is a Kathak dance exponent in India representing the Jaipur gharana . They have performed in many music festivals including Khajuraho Festival of Dances, Chilanka Dance Festival in Thiruvananthapuram, Festival of Dance and Music, Delhi etc.
Career
Adkar started their dance training initially in Borivali, Mumbai and in Pune during their school and college education. They moved to Delhi for higher studies . They have performed in many parts of India and also in South Africa.
Music festivals
Khajuraho Festival of Dances, Khajuraho
Kathak Prabha – Festival of India in South Africa
2012 Kathak Mahotsava, Delhi
World Dance Day celebration, New Delhi
See also
List of Kathak exponents
List of Kathak dancers
External links
Kathak Dance Vidyagauri Adkar, Dhrupad Ashish Sankrityayan, Dalchand Sharma
Kathak Dance With Dhrupad Vidyagauri Adkar Ashish Sankrityayan Khajuraho Festival 2014
Nilakshi kathak duet with Vidyagauri Adkar
Vidyagauri Adkar, Mahati Kanna, and Bithika Mistry's dance at Khajuraho Festival of Dances
Kathak | Vidya Gowri and Muzafer | Thirunagai Natyanjali Festival 2016
References
Kathak exponents
Artists from Pune
Indian dance teachers
20th-century Indian dancers
Indian female classical dancers
Performers of Indian classical dance
Dancers from Maharashtra
Living people
Women artists from Maharashtra
20th-century Indian women artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carenum fulgidum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1917.
References
fulgidum
Beetles described in 1917
mod_wsgi is an Apache HTTP Server module by Graham Dumpleton that provides a WSGI compliant interface for hosting Python based web applications under Apache. As of version 4.5.3, mod_wsgi supports Python 2 and 3 (starting from 2.6 and 3.2).
It is an alternative to mod_python, CGI, and FastCGI solutions for Python-web integration. It was first available in 2007.
Installation
Later versions of mod_wsgi may be installed in one of two ways: The original way was as an Apache module, as is commonly used for many languages. From V4, the 'mod_wsgi express' method is also supported. This is installed as a Python module using setup.py or pip and without needing manual intervention with the Apache configuration. This method simplifies installation for Python developers who are more familiar with Python than with Apache. It also has advantages of virtualization as it creates a local environment without affecting system settings, or requiring root access to install.
References
External links
Code repository
Documentation
Apache httpd modules
Articles with underscores in the title
Web server software
A Strange Arrangement is the debut studio album by American musician Mayer Hawthorne. The album was released on September 8, 2009, by Stones Throw Records. The album debuted at number 147 on the Billboard 200 chart, in the first week of its release.
Track listing
Charts
References
Mayer Hawthorne albums
2009 debut albums
Stones Throw Records albums
Hideyoshi Kagawa (born 14 August 1987) is a Japanese karateka. They won the silver medal in the men's kumite +84 kg event at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea. In the final, they lost against Rashed Al-Mutairi of Kuwait.
In 2017, they won the gold medal in the men's kumite +84 kg event at the World Games held in Wrocław, Poland. In the final, they defeated Sajjad Ganjzadeh of Iran.
At the 2019 Asian Karate Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, they won the silver medal in the men's kumite +84 kg event. In the final, they lost against Tareg Hamedi of Saudi Arabia.
Achievements
References
Living people
1987 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Japanese male karateka
World Games medalists in karate
World Games gold medalists
Competitors at the 2017 World Games
Karateka at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in karate
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Bunker Palace Hôtel is a 1989 French post-apocalyptic film by comics artist Enki Bilal.
Plot
In the imaginary dictatorship of a futuristic world, rebellion has broken out. The men in power scramble to the 'Bunker Palace Hotel', a safehouse built long ago for this contingency. A rebel spy sneaks in and observes the raving of the powerful and decadent inhabitants. They wonder what has happened to their leader, who has not arrived.
Cast
Jean-Louis Trintignant : Holm
Carole Bouquet : Clara
Maria Schneider : Muriel
Jean-Pierre Léaud : Solal
Roger Dumas : Zarka
Yann Collette : Orsini
Philippe Morier-Genoud : Destoop
Hans Meyer : Le président
Benoît Régent : Nikolaï
Jezabelle Amato : La matrone
Svetozar Cvetković : Marco
Snežana Nikšić
Rada Đuričin
Mira Furlan : Luise
Production
The film was filmed in Belgrade, Serbia.
References
External links
Bunker Palace Hôtel'' at the Internet Movie Database
1980s science fiction films
1989 films
1980s dystopian films
1980s French-language films
French science fiction films
French post-apocalyptic films
Films about rebellions
Films set in the future
Films shot in Serbia
1980s French films
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Tennessee, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1796, Tennessee has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, during the American Civil War. At that time, Tennessee was controlled by the Union and held elections, but electors were not ultimately counted.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections of from 1796 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all eight of Tennessee's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Tennessee
Notes
References
Rec 3: Genesis (stylised as [•REC]³: Génesis) is a 2012 Spanish action horror film directed by Paco Plaza. This film is the third installment of the Rec film series. It is a parallel sequel to the first two films, taking place before, during and after the films, following a newlywed husband and wife who struggle to reunite with each other after the zombie plague interrupts their wedding party and infects their families. It was released in cinemas in Spain on 30 March 2012. with more international premiere dates that followed. The world premiere took place in Paris at the Grand Rex on 7 March, followed by midnight screenings at the South By Southwest Film Festival on 9 March. In the U.S., it was released via video on demand on 3 August and was released theatrically on 7 September 2012 in select cities. Sony Entertainment released the DVD on 6 November 2012.
The film begins in the series' trademark found footage format but switches to traditional cinematography early on. It was followed by a fourth installment, Rec 4: Apocalypse, in October 2014.
Plot
Koldo and Clara are about to celebrate their wedding day and have gathered their friends and family in a sumptuous country house for the occasion. That evening, a veterinarian recently bitten by a dog develops abnormal behavior and becomes aggressive. In a few moments, an uncontrollable wave of violence sweeps over the party as an increasing number of guests are infected as a result of bites. Clara and Koldo are separated amidst the chaos. Koldo finds refuge in the kitchen with their cousin Adrián, Clara's sister Tita, the wedding photographer Atun and a copyright inspector nicknamed "Royalties". They escape through the air-conditioning ducts, apart from Atun due to their size. Outside, the group finds a police vehicle and a guest eating the police officer's flesh. After killing her, they try to contact the police, but Royalties is devoured by the now-infected police officer. The vehicle's sirens are triggered and alert the infected. The group escapes and joins other survivors within a chapel, which the infected cannot enter. Through the P.A. system, Koldo hears Clara say that they are safe as well as pregnant, and they decide to find them
Clara and the wedding priest have found refuge in the video surveillance room and are helplessly watching the carnage unfold. Spotted by the infected, they escape and find Rafa, a friend of the couple, and Natalie, Clara's French friend who had retired to a room for sexual intercourse without realizing the situation. Clara, Rafa and Natalie flee while the priest immobilizes the infected by reciting a prayer. Meanwhile, Koldo arrives at the surveillance room and witnesses the massacre of Adrian, Tita, their grandmother, and others as they get cornered and eaten by the infected. Clara, Natalie and Rafa meet another survivor, children's entertainer "Sponge John". Natalie is bitten and Clara faces their infected mother. John shoots the mother before they themselves is bitten. Clara and Rafa flee through a tunnel, but Clara turns around when they hear a song played by Koldo in the ballroom.
Clara, followed by Rafa, takes a chainsaw and fights their way through the infected, but Rafa is bitten and Clara is forced to kill him. Koldo enters the kitchen to find a dead Atun, having slit their wrists to prevent infection, and killing the Vet with a kitchen tool. Clara finds Koldo in the kitchen and both are surrounded by a horde of infected, which are suddenly paralyzed by the voice of the priest reciting scripture over the P.A. system. Clara and Koldo go out into the garden, but Clara is bitten by their infected grandfather, whose deafness renders them immune to the prayer. Koldo cuts Clara's arm just below the elbow to stop the infection, and they arrive at the estate's exit, where they discover that the authorities have quarantined the area. The attempt to stop Clara's infection fails, and they begin to show the first signs of infection; Koldo takes them outside where the police and a GEO team tell them to let them go. Clara and Koldo share a final kiss before Clara, now fully turned, bites their tongue off and then turns to attack the armed men, who shoot both of them down. In their final moments, Clara and Koldo hold each other's hands as they die of their wounds.
Cast
Production
The film began with the shooting on 4 April 2011 and ended on 20 May 2011. Post-production began on 23 May 2011. The shooting lasted for seven weeks in Barcelona. A teaser trailer premiered in September, while a theatrical trailer was released in December.
Release
REC 3: Génesis was released on 30 March 2012 in Spain. It was released on DVD in August 2012. The US release date was 3 August 2012 via On Demand services with a 7 September 2012 theatrical release date that followed. It was released on DVD in the US on 6 November 2012.
Reception
The film has received a broad range of reviews, mostly mixed to negative, due to the straying from the original two films' serious overtones. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 40% with an average rating of 5.24/10, based on 47 reviews. The site's critics consensus reads, "[REC] 3 Genesis discards the handheld POV of its predecessors and loses the franchise's fresh perspective in the bargain, upping the gags and gore to the detriment of the chills that audiences crave." Metacritic.com gave the film 45 out of 100 with mixed reviews based on 11 critics.
At the New York Post, writer V. A. Musetto said the film was enjoyable to watch, giving it 4 out of 5 stars. It received a negative review from Slant Magazines Ed Gonzalez, who said that "if a fourth entry wasn't already in the works, [Rec] 3: Genesis could have easily represented the nail in the franchise's coffin."
Comic
A comic book compilation was released in 2012 to accompany the release of REC 3, titled REC: Historias Ineditas. The book presents five different story arcs set in the REC series, illustrated by five different artists.
The first, ENCERRADOS (Trapped) follows the Teenagers trapped in the Apartment, following Tito's possession. They're released and taunted by Tito. Before they can escape however, they are shot down by a new group of GEO's who have come to rescue Angela.
The second TRISTANA, provides the backstory for Tristana Medeiros, who becomes the possessed after being raped.
The Third, ZOOMBII, deals with an infected man making their way to a Zoo, where they infect the animals.
The fourth titled EL EXPERIMENTO (The Experiment), follows the priest, Padre Albelda, (the dead priest from the second film and the man heard on the voice recording at the end of the first installment) attempting to end the Medeiros Girl's life in the apartment.
The Final Arc follows the Infected Uncle from the third film and reveals what happened to Max (the infected dog from the first film).
Sequel
A fourth film was released, titled REC 4: Apocalypse, with Manuela Velasco reprising their role as Ángela Vidal, the reporter from the first two films. In an interview to Fangoria, Jaume Balagueró stated that the film doesn't have an apocalyptic style presumed by its title, saying that "all of the movies in the [REC] series have the same budget, so you're not really going to see big scenes of Barcelona full of zombies; they're just not intended that way. There has to be a story that's controlled and strong". The film follows the events of the second film, and loses the "found-footage" style. Production began in 2013. At the 2012 Sitges Film Festival, it was announced the film would have its world premiere there in October 2013. An Announcement Trailer was released late November of the same year, confirming the return of Ángela Vidal.
However, on early May 2013, Balagueró, in an interview, revealed that the film's production had been delayed and the film would premiere sometime in mid-2014. A Teaser Poster and updated premise were released early May. Filming began early July 2013. In April 2014 a theatrical trailer was released and in late August 2014 the final trailer was released. The sequel was released on 31 October 2014.
References
External links
2012 films
2012 horror films
2010s supernatural horror films
Catalan-language films
2010s French-language films
2010s Spanish-language films
Demons in film
Films about infectious diseases
Films about weddings
Films directed by Paco Plaza
Films set in Barcelona
Rec (film series)
Religious horror films
Spanish horror films
Spanish sequel films
Filmax films
Castelao Producciones films
2010s Spanish films
Qalyan Kola (, also Romanized as Qalyān Kolā; also known as Qalyān Kolā-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 300, in 67 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Olympia București was a football club based in Bucharest, in southern Romania. It was founded in 1904 and it soon became one of the best teams in the country, winning two Romanian Championships. The club was dissolved in 1946.
History
The first football club from Bucharest, founded in October 1904 by young foreigners and a few Romanians from which we can mention: M. Gebauer, L. Breyer, Th. Davilla, the Grunberg brothers, prof. Ioanide, Szalay, Mendel. The club's first president was Mario Gebauer, Lazăr Breyer was the secretary, and capitan of the team Gh. Viereck. The football pitch was the one from Bolta rece (near the Triumphal arch today).
The team participated at the Herzog Cup along with Colentina București and United Ploieşti, a competition equivalent with the Romanian Championship, the predecessor of the Liga I. It succeeds to win the first two editions, in 1909–10 and 1910–11. Part of the team that participated at this performance: Gebauer – Hartman, Winter, L. Breyer, Davilla, Kemeny, Grunberg, Hart, Niculescu, Apostolescu, Bărbulescu (First 11). Beside them: Roman, Cominovici, Mincu, G. Vraca, C. Rădulescu, the Brebeţeanu brothers, the Volvoreanu brothers, Miti Niculescu, Şuţu, Drăghici, G. Dragomirescu, Ţane Săvulescu.
In 1915, the club fell apart, a part of the players go to rugby, and a part, in front with L. Breyer go to Colentina București.
After World War I, the club bounces back and starting with 1921 participates at the Bucharest Regional Championship. During the pre-divisionary period, the team succeeds only once to pass the regional phase, in 1927–28, and qualifies for the national championship, but reaches only the quarter-finals, being eliminated by Colţea Braşov (1–3). After the Romanian football passes to the divisionary system, the club plays for one season in Liga III in 1937–38 and for one season in Liga II in 1940–41.
After World War II, the club reappears in the Bucharest District Championship under the name of Olympia-Rheim, after which is dissolved, leaving behind the fame of the neighbourhood, of the ACSA (Belu) football pitch, inaugurated in 1927 and of three generation of players: First one, 1925–1937 with M. Cruţescu, E. Kroner, Robe, Subăşeanu, Taciuc; Second one, 1938–1944, with Sucitulescu, V. Stănescu, Catană, Panait, Ion Vasile, Aştilean, Gică Nicolae, Gain, Fabian, C. Rădulescu-Jumate, C. Siomionescu; And the third one (the last) we see: Voinescu I, Voinescu II, Al. Ene, Călinoiu, Titi Popescu, Ciocea, the Medrea brothers, Gheorghiu, Andreescu, Jipa.
Honours
Liga I:
Winners (2): 1909–10, 1910–11
References
Association football clubs established in 1904
Association football clubs disestablished in 1946
Defunct football clubs in Romania
Liga II clubs
Football clubs in Bucharest
History of Bucharest
1904 establishments in Romania
1946 disestablishments in Romania
Wartenberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Juliusz Paetz (2 February 1935 – 15 November 2019) was a Polish bishop of the Catholic Church. They served as the Bishop of Łomża from 1982 to 1996 and as the Archbishop of Poznań from 1996 to 2002, when their resignation was accepted following accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior. After 2002, they were archbishop emeritus of Poznań.
Biography
Paetz was born on 2 February 1935 in Poznań and ordained a priest 28 June 1959 in Poznan Cathedral by Archbishop Antoni Baraniak. They worked as a curate in the parishes of Ostrow Wielkopolski and Poznan. They lived in Italy from 1967 to 1982. They worked in the Secretariat of the Synod of Bishops. In 1976 they were appointed prelate of the Pope's anteroom. They collaborated with the Popes Paul VI, John Paul I and John Paul II. In 1981 they were awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of Portugal.
Bishop
On 20 December 1982, Paetz was appointed Bishop of Łomża. They were consecrated bishop 6 January 1983 in St. Peter's Basilica by Pope John Paul II and took possession of their diocese on 13 March 1983.
On 11 April 1996 they were appointed Archbishop of Poznań.
Abuse accusations
In 2002, Paetz was accused of sexually molesting seminarians. A Polish newspaper reported that their "'homosexual inclinations' ... had been known for at least two years and they had been refused access to a seminary by its rector". It said that a Vatican inquiry had confirmed the substance of the allegations against Paetz, which they continued to deny. They said: "I deny all the information published by the media and I assure you that it is a misinterpretation of my words and behavior.... The biggest criminals have a right to anonymity unless a court decides otherwise. I was deprived of that. Mass media have already judged me and sentenced me." Pope John Paul II called it a "grave scandal". They accepted their resignation and placed sanctions on him, prohibiting Paetz from exercising their ministry as bishop. Paetz said: "Not everyone understood my open attitude to people and their problems."
It was reported in 2010 that Pope Benedict XVI lifted these restrictions, which Vatican spokesperson Federico Lombardi denied saying their "rehabilitation was without foundation". Paetz remained Archbishop emeritus, having been replaced in Poznań by Stanisław Gądecki on the day they retired in 2002. They continued to participate in episcopal ordinations and was seen on Polish TV greeting Pope Benedict XVI on their visit to Poland in 2006.
In 2016, when Paetz planned to participate in a celebration in Poznań of the 1050th anniversary of Christianity in Poland, the Papal Nuncio to Poland, Archbishop Celestino Migliore, reminded them that they were not supposed to. They wrote: "Media news about your participation in official celebrations of the anniversary of Poland's baptism has created a new situation of unnecessary and harmful commotion for the church in Poland and the Holy See. It blatantly contradicts the instructions given you." Paetz commented: "Why not? I am on home ground here."
References
1935 births
2019 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Poland
Bishops of Łomża
Bishops of Poznań
Catholic Church sexual abuse scandals in Poland
20th-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Poland
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Ugain Point, Rugged Island
Ugarchin Point, Robert Island
Ugorelets Point, Low Island
Urania Cove, Two Hummock Island
Urda Ridge, Clarence Island
Urdoviza Glacier, Livingston Island
Urguri Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Urovene Cove, Graham Coast
Urvich Wall, Livingston Island
Ushi Cliffs, Oscar II Coast
Ushlinova Peak, Graham Coast
Ustina Point, Tower Island
Ustra Peak, Livingston Island
Utus Peak, Trinity Peninsula
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Frank Jacob Le Fevre (November 30, 1874 – April 29, 1941) was a U.S. Representative from New York, son of Jacob Le Fever.
Born in New Paltz, New York, Le Fevre attended the public schools and the New Paltz Normal School.
They became engaged in banking.
They served as member of the State Senate in 1902.
They were appointed superintendent of the New York State building at St. Louis, Missouri, during the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
Le Fevre was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1905 – March 3, 1907).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1906.
They became president of the Huguenot National Bank at New Paltz, New York, in 1905.
They engaged in banking and fruit growing.
They died in Atlantic City, New Jersey, April 29, 1941.
They were interred in Moravian Cemetery, Richmond, Staten Island, New York.
Frank LeFevre was a descendant of the LeFevres who founded New Paltz in 1678. The LeFevres were Huguenots, Protestant followers of John Calvin who fled persecution by the ruling Catholics from what is today Northern France and South Belgium. The original settlement of their ancestors survives today as Historic Huguenot Street, a National Historic Landmark District.
Sources
External links
Historic Huguenot Street
LeFevre Family Association
1874 births
1941 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Burials at Moravian Cemetery
Agal Vilakku () is a 1979 Indian Tamil-language film directed by R. Selvaraj. The film stars Vijayakanth and Shoba. It was released on 7 December 1979.
Plot
Navaneetham is an orphan living with their cruel aunt and hapless uncle. They sell idlis at the local hospital to support themselves and their family. The doctor, Jayalakshmi, puts the wellbeing of their patients above all else. Jayalakshmi's fiancé proves themselves to be a suspicious coward and they call off the wedding to focus on their patients. Dhanushkodi is admitted to the hospital after he's beaten up for standing up for workers' rights. They and Navaneetham quickly fall in love and marry though their aunt and their entire family disapprove. Dhanushkodi doesn't have a regular job as he's more interested in righting societal wrongs than their household. Navaneetham returns to selling idlis to make ends meet and gets hurt. This spurs Dhanushkodi to run for office and they become the mayor. Their financial situation improves and they can now make meaningful positive changes to society. Dhanushkodi's family see this as an opportunity to get rich by accepting bribes using their name. They do this but connive to make Navaneetham look like the culprit. When Dhanushkodi learns of the corruption, they resign their post and separates from their wife. Navaneetham and Jayalakshmi work together to uncover the truth.
Cast
Vijayakanth as Dhanushkodi
Shoba as Navaneetham
Srilekha Rajendran as Dr. Jayalakshmi
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The song "Edho Ninaivugal" was adapted from "Bhanu Bhoomiya", which Ilaiyaraaja had composed for the Kannada film Maathu Tappada Maga (1978). The song is based on Sumanesa Ranjani raga.
Reception
Kalki negatively reviewed the film, particularly for the story.
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Tamil-language films
1979 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
The Magdalo Group was a group of dissident soldiers who staged the unsuccessful Oakwood mutiny. Made up of junior officers of all branches of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), the group took over the Oakwood Premier Ayala Center in Makati and demanded the resignation of senior officers in the AFP and members of the Arroyo government, including the President herself. The group called themselves "Bagong Katipuneros" (Filipino, "New Katipuneros"), but the local press continued referring to them as the Magdalo Group.
On August 30, 2007, the Philippine National Police went on alert against an alleged Magdalo recruitment try in Bicol, targeting the Army's 9th Infantry Division. The effort was supposedly related to alleged destabilization efforts planned for the forthcoming promulgation by the Sandiganbayan on the plunder case against former President Joseph Estrada.
Offshoot groups
After the administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, members of the Magdalo group shifted towards civic work.
Samahang Magdalo
The Samahang Magdalo is a civilian volunteer group launched by the Magdalo Group in 2008. The group uses social networking websites such as Friendster and Facebook to recruit supporters across the Philippines.
Magdalo Party-list
The Samahang Magdalo established the Magdalo Party-List and sought party-list representation in the House of Representatives.
References
Military history of the Philippines
Kakrina () is a village in central northern Bulgaria, part of Lovech Municipality, Lovech Province. It lies in the central Fore-Balkan Mountains, at an altitude of . As of 2008, it has a population of 298.
Kakrina is mainly famous as the site of the Kakrina Inn (Къкринско ханче, Kakrinsko hanche) where national hero Vasil Levski was captured by the Ottoman government in 1872. The inn is today a museum and one of the official 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.
Gallery
Honours
Kakrina Point on Clarence Island, Antarctica is named after the village.
External links
Villages in Lovech Province
Lovech
The Web Services Invocation Framework (WSIF) supports a simple and flexible Java API for invoking any Web Services Description Language (WSDL)-described service.
Using WSIF, WSDL can become the centerpiece of an integration framework for accessing software running on diverse platforms which uses different protocols. The software needs to be described using WSDL and have a binding included in its description that the client's WSIF framework has a provider for. WSIF defines and comes packaged with providers for local Java, Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB), Java Message Service (JMS), and Java EE Connector Architecture (JCA) protocols, which means that a client can define an EJB or a Java Message Service-accessible service directly as a WSDL binding and access it transparently using WSIF, using the same API one would use for a SOAP service or a local Java class.
Structure
In WSDL, a binding defines how to map between the abstract PortType and a real service format and protocol. For example, the SOAP binding defines the encoding style, the SOAPAction header, the namespace of the body (the targetURI), and so forth.
WSDL allows multiple implementations for a Web service and multiple ports that share the same PortType. In other words, WSDL allows the same interface to have bindings to services like SOAP and IIOP.
WSIF provides an API to allow the same client code to access any available binding. As the client code can be written to the PortType, it can be a deployment or configuration setting (or a code choice) which port and binding it uses.
WSIF uses providers to support these multiple WSDL bindings. A provider is a piece of code that supports a WSDL extension and allows invocation of the service through that particular implementation. WSIF providers use the J2SE JAR service provider specification, making them discoverable at runtime.
Clients can utilize new implementations and delegate the choice of port to the infrastructure and runtime, which allows the implementation to be chosen on the basis of quality of service characteristics or business policy.
Bindings for EJBs, JMS, and JCA
WSIF defines additional binding extensions so that Enterprise JavaBean (EJBs), local Java classes, software accessible over message queues using the Java Message Service (JMS) API, and software that can be invoked using the Java Connector architecture can also be described in WSDL. WSIF is packaged with providers that allow transparent invocation given the corresponding WSDL description.
Description
WSIF enables developers to interact with abstract representations of Web services through their WSDL descriptions instead of working directly with the Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) APIs, which is the usual programming model. With WSIF, developers can work with the same programming model regardless of how the Web service is implemented and accessed.
WSIF allows stubless or completely dynamic invocation of a Web service, based upon examination of the metadata about the service at runtime. It also allows updated implementations of a binding to be plugged into WSIF at runtime and the calling service to defer choosing a binding until runtime.
It is closely based on WSDL so it can invoke any service that can be described in the language.
If a complicated enterprise software system consists of various pieces of software, developed over a period of decades—EJBs, legacy apps accessed using Java's connector architecture, SOAP services hosted on external servers, old code accessed through messaging middleware—it is necessary to write software applications that use all these pieces to do useful things, where the differences in protocols, mobility of software, etc. conflict with one another.
If the software is moved to a different server, the code breaks. The SOAP libraries used change—for example, when one moves from using Apache SOAP to Apache Axis—as it uses a now-deprecated SOAP API. Something that was previously accessible as an EJB is now available through messaging middleware via JMS—again, the code that uses the software must be fixed, or if one has an EJB which is offered as a SOAP service to external clients. Using SOAP results in a performance penalty compared to accessing the EJB directly.
WSIF fixes these problems by allowing WSDL to be used as a normalized description of disparate software, and allows users to access this software without depending on a protocol or location. The separation of the API from the actual protocol also means there is flexibility—protocols, location, etc. can be switched without having to recompile client code. If an externally available SOAP service becomes available as an EJB, users can use RMI/IIOP by changing the service description (the WSDL), without making any modification in applications that use the service. WSDL's extensibility, its capability to offer multiple bindings for the same service, deciding on a binding at runtime, etc. can be exploited.
Differences between WSIF and Axis
Axis is an implementation of SOAP. It includes on the server-side infrastructure for deploying web service implementations and then routing SOAP messages between clients and those implementations. It also implements the JAX-RPC specification for invoking SOAP services.
WSIF is similar to the client piece of Axis, in that it is used for invoking services. However, WSIF's API is WSDL-driven and protocol independent; it allows protocol-specific code ("providers") to be plugged in. For invoking SOAP services, WSIF is packaged with an Axis provider, that uses Axis APIs (i.e. JAX-RPC) to do the invocation. So WSIF operates at a more abstract level than Axis.
Differences between WSIF and JAX-RPC
JAX-RPC is an API for invoking XML-based RPC services – essentially its current scope is limited to invocation of SOAP services. WSIF is an API for invoking WSDL-described services, whether they happen to be SOAP services or not (for example, WSIF defines WSDL bindings so that EJBs, enterprise software accessible using JMS or the Java Connector architecture as well as local Java classes can all be described as first-class WSDL services and then invoked using the same, protocol-independent WSIF API).
See also
Apache XML
External links
Web Services Invocation Framework documentation
WSIF and WSDL
Service Binding
Web service specifications
Web services
The Philanthropist is a play by Christopher Hampton, written as a response to Molière's The Misanthrope. After opening at the Royal Court Theatre, London in August 1970, the piece, directed by Robert Kidd, transferred to the May Fair Theatre in the West End and ran there for over three years, subsequently going on a regional tour in 1974. In the meantime, the play, directed once again by Kidd, premiered on Broadway in March 1971, running till May of the same year. Kidd had previously collaborated with Hampton on When Did You Last See Your Mother? (1964), which had also been staged at the Royal Court Theatre.
Described by Hampton as a "bourgeois comedy", the piece is set in an "English University Town". The Philanthropist demonstrated Hampton's ability "to write witty, subtle and revealing dialogue."
Plot
A CurtainUp! review gave the following summary:
Productions
The original Royal Court Theatre production opened in August 1970. After five weeks it transferred direct to the May Fair Theatre and remained there until late 1973.
The Philanthropist premiered on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on March 15, 1971, following previews from March 11. As in London, the cast featured Alec McCowen in the lead role. David Merrick and Michael Codron produced.
The Broadway production ran for 64 performances, closing on May 15, 1971. The New York Times described it as "a good evening of high-class theatrical highjinks that says more than might be seen on the surface". The show was nominated for three Tony Awards, including the 1971 Tony Award for Best Play, and McCowen won a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Performance. Robert Kidd directed the production, which featured set design by John Gunter, costumes by Sara Brook, and lighting by Lloyd Burlingame.
The first US revival opened at the Manhattan Theatre Club on September 27, 1983, playing a limited engagement run until November 20, 1983. The play has been produced regionally many times, including the Bench Theatre Group's 1978 production at the Havant Arts Centre in Havant, Hampshire, and in Duluth, Minnesota in March 2003.
A major London revival was staged by Kenneth Ives at Wyndham's Theatre in 1991; with Edward Fox in the lead, it ran from May to October. A further revival was directed by David Grindley at the Donmar Warehouse, running from September to October 15, 2005 and starring Simon Russell Beale as Philip with Anna Madeley as Celia.
In 2009, the Roundabout Theatre Company produced a revival starring Matthew Broderick, which opened on April 26 at the American Airlines Theatre in New York City. The revival, met with mixed reviews, and closed on June 28, 2009, after 73 performances. This production was directed by David Grindley; sets were by Tim Shortall, lighting was by Rick Fisher, and costumes were by Tobin Ost, with sound design by Gregory Clarke.
In 2017 it was revived at London's Trafalgar Studios, directed by Simon Callow, with a cast including Simon Bird, Matt Berry, Charlotte Ritchie, Lily Cole and Tom Rosenthal.
A BBC television adaptation, starring Ronald Pickup as Philip, Helen Mirren as Celia and James Bolam as Don, was screened in October 1975, and is contained in a 6 DVD set of Mirren's work for the BBC.
Characters and casts
Casts of major productions
Note: In later versions of the piece, "Elizabeth" replaced the character "Liz".
Awards and nominations
1970 Theatre Critics Awards
Best New Play (winner)
1971 Tony Awards
Best Play (nominee)
Best Actor in Play (McCowen, nominee)
Best Featured Actor in a Play (Zimmermann, nominee)
1971 Drama Desk Awards
Outstanding Performance (McCowen, winner)
2005 Evening Standard Awards
Best Actor (Beale, winner)
2006 Critics' Circle Awards
Best Actor (Beale, winner)
References
External links
American plays
Broadway plays
1970 plays
The Venerable Charles Estcourt Boucher (1856–1940) was an eminent Anglican priest in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Boucher was born on 8 June 1856 at Cheddleton and educated at Uppingham and Trinity Hall, Cambridge.
They were ordained in 1879 and began their career as Curate at Northam, Devon after which they were Rector of Frolesworth, Lutterworth and Master of Chief Baron Smith's Almshouses from 1886 to 1923. An Honorary Canon of Peterborough from 1912 until 1937, they became the first Archdeacon of Loughborough in 1921.
Notes
1856 births
People from Cheddleton
People educated at Uppingham School
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Archdeacons of Loughborough
1940 deaths
Clergy from Staffordshire
Alan David may refer to:
Alan David (actor), British actor appeared from 1974 to 1977 in The Squirrels
Alan David (singer), British pop singer, appeared on Gadzooks! from 1965
See also
The Royal Australian Air Force operates a number of specialised aircraft to transport the King of Australia and other members of the Royal Family, the Governor General of Australia, the Prime Minister of Australia, senior members of the Australian government and other dignitaries.
The RAAF's current Special Purpose Aircraft are two leased Boeing Business Jets and three Dassault Falcons 7x which are operated by No. 34 Squadron RAAF and are based at Canberra Airport. The Boeing Business Jets are custom configured Boeing 737-700s fitted with facilities such as conference tables, offices suites, secure satellite and communication capabilities. The two planes have a longer range than is standard for Boeing Business Jets. The Prime Minister regularly makes use of the aircraft for domestic and international travel.
Prior to the acquisition of the 737s, passenger-configured RAAF Boeing 707s tanker-transports were used. These aircraft were larger than the 737s currently in use.
In August 2014, the then Defence Minister David Johnston announced the intention to convert a KC-30A multi-role tanker to VIP configuration whilst maintaining its ability to serve as a military tanker and transport aircraft. The new plane has tail number A39-007. The new plane is painted in "air force grey" rather than the current colour scheme. The aircraft can now carry more than 100 passengers, including lower ministers and press on lie flat seats. The Prime Minister also has their own private section.
Current Fleet
Dassault Falcon 7X (3 aircraft, 2019–present) - replacement for Challenger 604s
737 Boeing Business Jet (2 aircraft, 2002–present)
Airbus KC-30A (1 aircraft, 2019–present) - New long range VIP Capacity
History
Prior to 1940, there were no dedicated aircraft available for use by federal government ministers. Canberra had become Australia's national capital in 1927, following the relocation of federal parliament from the temporary capital Melbourne, but many government agencies had not yet relocated. This necessitated frequent travel between the two cities for government ministers and their staff. In 1936, Australian National Airways began operating regular commercial air services using D.H.86s. Many members of parliament continued to prefer railway travel, but Prime Minister Joseph Lyons was a regular aircraft passenger and regarded the introduction of dedicated aircraft for cabinet ministers as inevitable. In August 1939, by which time Lyons had died in office and been succeeded by Robert Menzies, a cabinet submission by defence minister Geoffrey Street identified that "special flying arrangements might be necessary for urgent movements which do not fit in with the timetable of the air services". World War II broke out the following month and a War Cabinet was formed, meeting several times a week. As a result, in early 1940 air minister James Fairbairn approved the conversion of four newly ordered Lockheed Hudson bombers into passenger aircraft suitable for ministerial use, to be operated by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
The "VIP affair" of 1967 arose from the decision by the government and public service to maintain a veil of secrecy over the VIP flights program, attempting to conceal costs, destinations and passengers in order to prevent negative media coverage. This culminated in Prime Minister Harold Holt and Air Minister Peter Howson being found to have misled parliament over the existence of passenger manifests.
Airbus KC-30A (A39-007) VIP Transport
For long haul flights, the KC-30A Multi-Role Tanker Transport aircraft registered A39-007 will fly with up to:
Three Pilots
Two Air Refuelling Operators
Eight Crew Attendants
One Network Technician (Formerly Communications and Information Systems Controller)
One Catering Representative
Five Maintenance consisting of Avionics Technicians and Aircraft Technicians, which can be reduced to four if technicians are cross-trained across both trades.
The KC-30A Multi-Role Tanker aircraft incorporates modifications to enable long-range Government transport, including enhanced in-air communications capability to support secure telecommunications. The modifications will enable the business of Government to continue while in the air, with access to unclassified and classified information technology environments and telecommunications.
The VIP cabin interior is configured as follows:
VIP accommodation area including two first class seats and seat enclosures
A large meeting room which includes ten taxi, take-off and landing rated seats and a large conference room table
A working area with club style tables, video-telecommunications equipment and twelve taxi, take-off and landing rated seats
Bathroom facilities
The cabin configuration includes a total of 102 seats, comprising:
Seating area with 54 standard economy class seats
Seating area with 24 business class seats (lie-down seats)
A First Class lie-flat seating area for two people
Secure conference room with ten reclining seats at a table (and five periphery seats which are not certified for take-off or landing)
Working area with 12 lie-flat seats and tables
List of Former RAAF VIP transport aircraft
Lockheed Hudson (4 aircraft, 1940–?)
Douglas DC-3 Dakota (? VIP aircraft, 1943?-?)
Consolidated Liberator (? VIP aircraft, 1944?–1948?)
Avro York (1 aircraft, 1945–1947)
Convair Metropolitan (2 aircraft, 1957–1968)
Vickers Viscount (2 aircraft, 1964–1969)
Dassault Mystere 20C (3 aircraft, 1967–1989)
Hawker Siddeley HS748 (2 VIP aircraft, 1967–?)
BAC One-Eleven (2 aircraft, 1968–1989)
Boeing 707 (4 aircraft, 1979–2008) – reconverted to tanker transport
Dassault Falcon 900 (5 aircraft, 1989–2002)
Challenger 604 (3 aircraft, 2002–2019)
See also
Air transports of heads of state and government
1940 Canberra air disaster
Garuda Indonesia Flight 200
VIP aircraft affair
Transportation of the Prime Minister of Australia
Royal visits to Australia
References
Further reading
External links
RAAF Air Lift Group
34 SQN Its Special Purpose – RAAF News
RAAF Serial Numbers 1961–present – ADF Serials
PM's delay highlights RAAF needs – AM, Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Special Purpose Aircraft Business Unit (SPA BU) – QANTAS Defence Services
- Regarding the RAAF airbus registration A39-007
Aircraft in Royal Australian Air Force service
Australia
Prime Minister of Australia
Governors-General of Australia
Monarchy in Australia
Royal vehicles
Government of Australia
Transport in Australia
or its shortened form was an inter-university rave event club, mainly comprising students of Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan. The leader of the club along with various students from Waseda and other universities in Tokyo were arrested and convicted for rape and, subsequently, the club was dubbed by several English media outlets as a "rape club". Its leader was . Members of the group were convicted of raping three women, but the real number of victims is unknown. Since their arrests, and the club's dissolution, twelve other women have been identified as victims. The club was also incorporated as .
Super Free was established as a university social club in 1982. Wada was a student at Waseda University before being arrested. They entered Waseda University in 1994 and became the organizer of "Super Free" in 1995. It had 14 members as of 2003. Super Free was a highly successful inter-university rave event club, to the point that it was incorporated, having 5 branches nationwide, 30-odd employees and an office in Roppongi. According to the indictment, the club organized parties and social gatherings at a public night-club in Roppongi. The members of Super Free would scout for potential victims among the public, and befriend them offering drinks. Once their victims were intoxicated and incapable of resisting, they would lure them to an empty room. Wada was arrested on June 9, 2003. Their circle's 13 other members were also arrested for gang rape. Super Free was dissolved on June 22, 2003.
Wada was indicted for three counts of rape. On November 2, 2004, the Tokyo District Court sentenced them to 14 years in prison, a comparatively heavy sentence under Japan's postwar sentencing guidelines. They appealed the verdict. On June 2, 2005, the Tokyo High Court rejected the appeal and upheld the original sentence. On November 1, 2005, the Supreme Court of Japan followed suit.
After their arrest, a statute for the prosecution of gang rape was established under the Criminal Code of Japan. In January 2006, three students in Kyoto University were arrested for gang rape under this penal code.
Seiichi Ota, a Japanese cabinet minister, was heavily criticized after they issued a statement regarding the case, saying "At least gang rapists are still vigorous. Isn't that at least a little closer to normal?" on June 26, 2003. They later reported that their statement was taken out of context, and that they didn't have the chance to further comment on the topic.
Then Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuo Fukuda was reported to have made highly controversial comments during an off-the-record discussion with reporters in June 2003 regarding the victims of rape by the members of Super Free, according to an article in the weekly magazine Shukan Bunshun. The magazine quoted Fukuda as saying: "There are women who look like they are saying 'Do it to me'. Those who have that kind of appearance are at fault, because men are black panthers." In response, Fukuda claimed that the Shūkan Bunshun had distorted their comments, stating that they had never intended to defend rape, and told a parliamentary panel afterwards that rape was "a criminal act and an atrocious crime".
References
External links
Video produced by ABC Australia about Super Free on Youtube (7m18)
2003 in Tokyo
Gangs in Japan
Organizations established in 1982
2003 disestablishments in Japan
Rape in Japan
Waseda University
1982 establishments in Japan
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C5H12O4}}
The molecular formula C5H12O4 (molar mass: 136.15 g/mol, exact mass: 136.0736 u) may refer to:
Pentaerythritol
Tetramethoxymethane
This is a list of magazines and academic journals that focus on numismatics.
Argentina
Boletin bimestral - Asociacion Numismatica Argentina
Cuadernos de numismática y ciencias históricas - Centro Numismático Buenos Aires
El Telegráfo del Centro : gacetilla del Centro Numismático, Buenos Aires
Armenia
Hay dramagitakan handes
Australia
Australian numismatic journal
The Australian numismatist
Journal of the Australian Numismatic Society
Bulletin - Australian Numismatic Society, Brisbane Branch
Queensland Numismatic Society magazine
The South Australian numismatic journal
Austria
Mitteilungen der Oesterreichischen Gesellschaft für Münz- und Medaillenkunde
Mitteilungen der Österreichischen Numismatischen Gesellschaft (MÖNG)
Mitteilungsblatt - Institut für Numismatik und Geldgeschichte, Universität Wien
Monatsblatt der numismatischen Gesellschaft in Vienna
Nachrichtenblatt der Österreichischen Numismatischen Gesellschaft
Wiener numismatische Monatshefte
Numismatische Zeitschrift (NZ)
Belgium
La médaille en Belgique
Revue belge de numismatique
Revue belge de numismatique et de sigillographie
Revue de la numismatique belge
Brazil
Boletim - Sociedade Numismática do Rio de Janeiro.
Boletim de numismatica - Sociedade Numismatica Brasileira
Revista do Clube da Medalha do Brasil
Canada
Behind the MASC - Medallic Art Society of Canada
Canadian Numismatic Journal
Transactions of the Canadian Numismatic Research Society
China
Anhui qianbi 《安徽钱币》 [Anhui Numismatics] - Anhui Numismatic Society
Chao piao 《钞票》 [Paper Money]
Gansu jinrong 《甘肃金融》 [Gansu Finance] - Gansu Numismatic Society
Neimeng jinrong 《内蒙金融》 [Inner Mongolia Finance] - Inner Mongolia Numismatic Society
Qianbi bolan 《钱币博览》 - Shanghai Numismatic Society
Suzhou qianbi 《苏州钱币》 [Suzhou Numismatics]
Xibu jinrong 《西部金融》 [West China Finance]
Xinjiang qianbi 《新疆钱币》 [Xinjiang Numismatics]
Yunnan jinrong 《云南金融] [Yunnan Finance]
Zhongguo qianbi 《中国钱币》 [China Numismatics] - China Numismatic Society
Zhongguo sichao 《中国私钞》 [China Private Banknotes]
Zhoushan qianbi 《舟山钱币》 [Zhoushan Numismatics] - Zhoushan Numismatic Society
Cuba
Boletin numismatica - Museo Numismatico, Banco Nacional de Cuba
Czechia
Folia numismatica : supplementum ad Acta Musei Moraviae
Moravské numismatické zprávy
Numismatické listy
Numismatické zprávy
Numismatický časopis
Numismatický sborník
Slezský numismatik
Finland
Mitali medaljen
Mitalitaiteen vuosikirja = Årsboken för medaljikonst
Numismaattinen aikakauslehti : Finsk numismatisk tidskrift
France
Annales du Groupe numismatique du Comtat et de Provence
Bulletin de la Société Française de Numismatique
Bulletin - Le Club français de la médaille
Bulletin du Cercle d'Études Numismatiques
Cahiers numismatiques : bulletin de la Société d'études numismatiques et archéologiques
Dossiers de la monnaie
La gazette numismatique
Gazette numismatique française
Le livre des mereils : bulletin du Centre National de Recherche sur les Jetons et les Méreaux du Moyen Age
Numismatique asiatique - Société de numismatique asiatique
Germany
Beiträge zur Münzkunde in Hessen-Kassel
Berliner Blätter für Münz, Siegel- und Wappenkunde
Berliner Münzblatter
Berliner numismatische Forschungen
Berliner numismatische Zeitschrift
Blätter für Münzfreunde
Blätter für Münzfreunde und Münzforschung
Deutsche Münzblätter
Deutsches Jahrbuch für Numismatik
Dresdner numismatische Hefte
Frankfurter Münzzeitung
Geldgeschichtliche Nachrichten
Der Geldscheinsammler : Zeitschrift für Papiergeld
Glanzstücke aus der Numismatischen Sammlung der Deutschen Bundesbank
Hamburger Beiträge zur Numismatik
Medaillenkabinett : Mitteilungen der Deutschen Medaillengesellschaft
Medaillen Plaketten
Mitteilungen der Bayerischen Numismatischen Gesellschaft
Norddeutsches Jarhbuch für Münzkunde und verwandte Gebierte
Greece
Nomismatika chronika - Hellenikes Nomismatikes Hetaireias
Hong Kong
Hong Kong Numismatic Society newsletter
Hungary
Evkönyve / a Magyar Numizmatikai Társulat
India
ICCG News : http://iccg.in/newspaper.php "Indian Coins & Currency Group" ICCG News Numismatic Monthly Newspaper of India
Coin : journal of the Numismatic Society of Calcutta.
Journal of the Numismatic Society of India - Numismatic Society of India
Indian Coin Society newsletter
The Indian numismatic chronicle
Mudra - Numismatic Society of Calcutta
Numismatic Digest - http://www.iirnspublications.com/maincat.php?cat=numismaticdigest
Israel
Alon - Israel Numismatic Society
Israel numismatic bulletin
Israel numismatic journal
Israel numismatic research
Italy
Annotazioni numismatiche
Atti e memorie dell'Istituto italiano di numismatica
Bollettino del Circolo Numismatico Napoletano
Bollettino di numismatica
Bollettino di numismatica italiana
Bollettino italiana di numismatica e di arte della medaglia
Bullettino di numismatica e sfragistica per la storia d'Italia
Historia mundi : le medaglie raccontano la storia, l'arte, la cultura dell'uomo
Ieri e oggi : periodico d'informazione sulla medaglia
Italia numismatica
Medaglia
Memorie dell'Accademia italiana di studi filatelici e numismatici
Rassegna monetaria
Rassegna numismatica
Quaderni del Civico museo archeologico e del Civico gabinetto numismatico di Milano
Japan
Hōsenka : kosen ga kataru rekishi to bunka - Hadoson Tōyō Chūzō Kahei Kenkyūjo
Sutsudo senka [Excavated coins] - Shutsudo Senka Kenkyūkai
Macedonia
Macedonski numizmatichki glasnik
Malaysia
Newsletter - Malaysia Numismatic Society
Nepal
Mudrā / Mudraa : journal of Nepal Numismatic Society
The Netherlands
De Geuzenpenning : munt- en penningkundig nieuws (1951-1976): https://debeeldenaar.nl/archief.html
De Florijn (1972-1977): https://debeeldenaar.nl/archief.html
Jaarboek voor Munt- en Penningkunde (1893-): https://jaarboekvoormuntenpenningkunde.nl/
De Beeldenaar (1977-): https://debeeldenaar.nl/archief.html
De Muntkoerier: https://www.muntkoerier.com/
Poland
Biuletyn / Muzeum Sztuki Medalierskiej we Wroclawiu
Biuletyn numizmatyczny
Lodzki numizmatyk
Wiadomosci numizmatyczne
Portugal
Moeda : rivista portuguesa de numismática e medalhistica
Numismática : orgão informativo do Clube Numismático de Portugal
Romania
Buletinul Societătii Numismatice Române http://www.snr-1903.ro/bsnr/bsnr.html
Cercetări numismatice http://www.cercetarinumismatice.ro/
Studii si cercetări de numismatică http://www.scnjournal.ro/
Revista de Cercetări Arheologice şi Numismatice http://rcan.muzeulbucurestiului.ro/
Monedă si comert în Sud-Estul Europei https://www.brukenthalmuseum.ro/publicatii/04.htm
Cronica Numismatică şi Arheologică http://www.snr-1903.ro/cna/cna.html
Russia
Memoires de la Société d'archéologie et de numismatique de St. Pétersbourg
Slovenia
Slovenská numizmatika
Spain
Caesaraugusta : publicaciones del Seminario de Arqueología y Numismática Aragonesas
Sweden
Göteborgs numismatiska förenings småskrifter
Mynt kontakt : Svensk numismatisk tidskrift
Switzerland
Schweizer Munzblatter - Swiss Numismatic Society
Schweizerische Numismatische Rundschau (Swiss Numismatic Review) - Swiss Numismatic Society
Bulletin de la Société Suisse de Numismatique
Helvetische Münzenzeitung
Turkey
Bülten - Türk Nümismatik Dernegi
United Kingdom and Ireland
British Association of Numismatic Societies Yearbook / Cunobelin (1954-1960) - journal of the British Association of Numismatic Societies (BANS)
The British Numismatic Journal (1903/4-) - journal of the British Numismatic Society
Bulletin - Numismatic Society of Ireland
Cartwheel : journal of the Birmingham Numismatic Society
CCNB Newsletter - predecessor of Money and Medals Newsletter
Classical Numismatic Review (incorporating Seaby Coin & Medal Bulletin) (1991-)
Coin News (1989-)
Coin Hoards - Royal Numismatic Society
Counterfoil - British Banking History Society (formerly British Cheque Collectors Society)
The Escallop - Reading Coin Club
Format (1978-)
The Groat : bulletin of the St.Albans & Herts Numismatic Society
Hamilton's Coin & Medal Despatch (1978-1988)
Irish Numismatics (1968-1983)
Journal of the Liverpool Numismatic Society (1873/4-1876)
Journal of the Oriental Numismatic Society
KOINON: The International Journal of Classical Numismatic Studies (2018-) KOINON
Manchester Numismatic Society Proceedings (1864-1873)
Manx coin recorder
The Medal
Money and Medals Newsletter
The Numismatic Journal (1836/7-1837/8) - predecessor of the Numismatic Chronicle
The Numismatic Chronicle (1838/9-) - journal of the Royal Numismatic Society
Numismatic Circular (1892-) - Spink & Son Ltd
The Numismatic Gazette (1962-1967) - predecessor of The Numismatic Gazette Quarterly
The Numismatic Gazette Quarterly (1968)
Numismatic Quarterly (1881) - predecessor of The Numismatic Magazine
Numismatic Magazine (1886-1903)
Numismatic Society of Ireland - Occasional Papers (1965-1988)
The Numismatist (1889-1890)
Numismatology (1892-1894)
Oriental Numismatic Society Newsletter - predecessor of Journal of the Oriental Numismatic Society
Sacra Moneta - Galata (1981-)
S&B's Coin and Medal Bulletin (1991-)
Seaby's Coin & Medal Bulletin (1945-1991)
Seaby's Coin & Medal List (1926-1945)
Token Corresponding Society Bulletin (1971/3-) - journal of the Token Corresponding Society
Transactions of the Yorkshire Numismatic Society
United States
The American Journal of Numismatics - American Numismatic Society
The American Journal of Numismatics, and Bulletin of American Numismatic and Archeological Societies
The Asylum - Numismatic Bibliomania Society
The E-sylum - Numismatic Bibliomania Society
Fun money : the American Play Money Society newsletter
KOINON: The International Journal of Classical Numismatic Studies (2018-) KOINON
The MCA Advisory : the newsletter of the Medal Collectors of America
Medallic sculpture - American Medallic Sculpture Association
Members exchange - American Medallic Sculpture Association
Proceedings of the Numismatic and Antiquarian Society of Philadelphia
Journal of Early American Numismatics
Colonial Newsletter
Colonial Coin Collectors Club Newsletter
Also
Acta numismatica
Archéonumis : revue de numismatique et d'archeologie
Archiv für Medaillen- und Plaketten-Kunde : Internationale illustrierte Zeitschrift
Badge Collectors' Circle newsletter
The Badger - Badge Collectors' Circle
Bahia numismatica
De Beeldenaar : tweemaandelijks tijdschrift voor Numismatiek en Penningkunst
Boletín del Instituto de Numismática e Historia de San Nicolás de los Arroyos
Bulletin - Association des Amis du Cabinet des Médailles
Bulletin -/ Association des Amis du Musée Monétaire Cantonal
Bulletin de la Société d'étude pour l'histoire du papier-monnaie
Bulletin international de numismatique
Bulletin of the Pub Check Study Group
Cercle : informació numismàtica
Chopmark News - Chopmark Collectors Club
The "Conder" token collector's journal
Counterfeit : journal of the Counterfeit Coin Club
Courrier numismatique
Crónica numismática
Cronica numismatica si arheologica
The Dud : bulletin of the Counterfeit Collector's Society
Emblematica : an interdisciplinary journal for emblem studies
Equilibrium : quarterly magazine of the International Society of Antique Scale Collectors
Flash medailles
Gaceta numismática
Gazetta numismatica
Hekte : a journal of classical numismatics
The hobby world : a magazine for numismatics and other hobbies
IBNS journal - International banknote Society
Journal international d'archéologie numismatique
The Journal of East Asian numismatics (JEAN)
Journal of the Civil War Token Society
The Journal of the Classical & Medieval Numismatic Society
Journal of the Russian Numismatic Society
Journal of the Token and Medal Society
Kunst medaljen : tidsskrift for kunstmedaljesamlere
Litterae numismaticae Vindobonenses
The Medal Collector
The Medallist
Mélanges de numismatique
Métal pensant : revue de la médaille d'art
Mitteilungen für Münzsammler
Moneta : Meddelanden fran Skånes numismatiska förening
Monete Antiche : bimestrale di cultura numismatica
Money trend : internationales Magazine für Münzen und Papiergeld
Le Moniteur de la Numismatique, de la Sigillographie et autres branches auxiliaires de l'histoire
Monnaie magazine : lein phare le magazine de l'information numismatique
Mudra : a quarterly research journal of Coin Study Circle
De muntkoerier : onafhankelijk maandblad voor de muntverzamelaar in de Benelux = Revue mensuelle de la numismatique = Zeitschrift für Numischmatik
De muntmeester : tijdschrift van de Diestse studiekring voor numismatiek
Münzen Revue
Münzen & Sammeln : Zeitschrift für Münzen, Papiergeld, Orden und Medaillen
Der Münzen- und Medaillensammler : Berichte aus allen Gebieten der Geld-, Münsen- und Medaillenkunde
Münzstudien
News bulletin - Chandrapur Coin Society
Nomisma
Skandinavisk numismatik : mynt & medaljer
Sprawozdania numizmatyczne
Studien zu Fundmünzen der Antike
Treasure hunting
Trident : a journal for collectors of ancient coins and antiquities
Trierer Petermännchen : Beiträge zur Numismatik und Trierer Heimatkunde
T'ung pao - Society for Oriental Numismatics
Whitman numismatic journal
Sources
Numismatic Guide to British and Irish Periodicals 1836-1995, by Harrington E. Manville, Encyclopaedia of British Numismatics, Part 2 (Numismatic) (London: AH Baldwin & Sons Ltd, and Spink & Son Ltd, 1997)
Worldcat Numismatics Periodicals
Library of the Dept of Coins and Medals, British Museum
Numismatic
Lists of magazines
Numismatics
May Mill, Pemberton is a cotton spinning mill in Pemberton, Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. Historically in Lancashire, it was built in 1889. It was taken over by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in the 1930s and passed to Courtaulds in 1962–63 to produce carpet fibre, which it continued to do until its closure on 17 October 1980.
History
Pemberton's history was built on coal and cotton. The first May Mill was built in 1889 on the site of Wilde's Mill, a woollen mill built in 1850 and destroyed by fire on 13 June 1859. A second mill, known as Roper's Mill was built and also burnt down after a fire started in the engine house. In January 1889 the May Mill Spinning Company limited was formed to build a new fireproof mill to replace the one destroyed. The cornerstone was laid on 25 March 1889 and the engines, named Louisa and Helen, were dedicated in May 1890.
The industry peaked in 1912 when it produced 8 billion yards of cloth. The Great War of 1914–18 halted the supply of raw cotton, and the British government encouraged its colonies to build mills to spin and weave cotton. The war over, Lancashire never regained its markets. The independent mills were struggling. The Bank of England set up the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in 1929 to attempt to rationalise and save the industry. May Mill, Pemberton was one of 104 mills bought by the LCC, and one of the 53 mills that survived through to 1950. The mill was closed by Courtaulds in 1980.
Architecture
Power
May No 1 was driven by 800 hp cross compound engines by B Goodfellow, 1892. It had a 20-foot flywheel, 24 ropes operating at 62 rpm. The boilers were 30-foot by 8-foot high-pressure Lancashire boilers. The mill was lit by electricity generated by a Parson's dynamo.
May No 2 was driven by a 1500 hp cross compound engine by Ashton Frost, 1901. This had a 28-foot flywheel, 34 ropes operating at 62 rpm.
Equipment
In 1946 May Mill had 77,964 ring spindles, but by 1948 this had fallen to 72,984. It was re-equipped around 1950. Between 1960 and 1962 the mill was converted to electric ring spinning frames. The mill was eventually taken over by Courtaulds in 1962–63 to produce carpet fibre, which it continued to do until its closure on 17 October 1980.
At the invitation of the assistant manager, Bill Crank, the Winstanleys, authors of the book cited below, visited May Mill in September 1980. They said:
Owners
Lancashire Cotton Corporation (1930s–1964)
Courtaulds (1964–1980)
See also
Textile manufacturing
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
www.cottontown.org
www.spinningtheweb.org.uk
Textile mills owned by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation
Textile mills in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan
Buildings and structures in Wigan
Anthony Longdon is a Grenadian boxer. They competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Light-heavyweight boxers
Grenadian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Grenada
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Democrat Building is a historic building located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 2020 it was included as a contributing property in the Davenport Downtown Commercial Historic District. The historic newspaper building is now an apartment building known as The Democrat Lofts.
History
The Democrat Building was designed by a prominent Davenport architecture firm of Clausen & Kruse, and it was built in 1923. The firm also designed other historic buildings in Davenport including the Forrest Block, which is next door to the south, the Hibernia Hall, which is next door to the north, the Scott County Savings Bank, Davenport Municipal Stadium (now Modern Woodmen Park), The Linograph Company Building, and the W.D. Petersen Memorial Music Pavilion in LeClaire Park.
The building was built for a local newspaper the Davenport Democrat, which was started in 1848 as the Democratic Banner. Its editorial philosophy was in keeping with that of the political party of the same name. Over the years the paper purchased the Gazette (1887) and the Evening Leader (1902). The paper was eventually bought by Lee Enterprises, which published the Daily Times. The merged newspapers became the Times-Democrat and is now known as the Quad-City Times.
The newspaper sold the building to The Catholic Messenger, the newspaper for the Diocese of Davenport, in 1956. The building served as their headquarters for a couple of decades. The building also housed a dog training school, a vacuum cleaner salesroom, a dance hall and a specialty store. In 2014, a $6 million renovation turned the building into 21 apartments.
The building is considered significant because of its association with newspapers in Davenport, and as an example of the local influence of Louis Sullivan, whose work figures prominently in the history of American architecture.
Architecture
The two-storied, freestanding, brick structure with concrete block facing was designed by Davenport architect Rudolph J. Clausen. A historical survey in 1983 indicated that the building utilizes steel in its construction. It was completed for about $300,000. The words “The Democrat” are etched across the top of the building. It bears the stylistic influence of Louis Sullivan's “jewel box” structures that are associated with the work they did late in their career in the Midwest. These influences are seen in the blocking of windows at the center of the highly geometric façade. The ornamentation of the horizontal band between stories, over the entrances, and along the parapet wall all feature the stylized motifs that are commonly found in their work.
References
Commercial buildings completed in 1923
Apartment buildings in Davenport, Iowa
Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Iowa
Newspaper headquarters in the United States
The Daewoo Tico is a city car produced by the South Korean automaker Daewoo from 1991 to 2001.
Overview
The Daewoo Tico was based largely on the 1988 Kei car Suzuki Alto. The car was equipped with a three-cylinder 796 cc S-TEC engine -upgraded version for export markets of the "Kei" engine 547 cc (33.4 cu in) F5B engine-, and came with either a five-speed manual transmission or three-speed automatic transmission (only in Korea). The Tico was exported to European markets. It was highly popular in such countries as: Romania, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, Croatia, Slovenia, Hungary, Austria and Poland. It was also exported to Latin America where it also was named Daewoo Fino for some markets. It was especially popular in Peru, where it was one of the most popular car models used for taxi services.
Daewoo expanded at the beginning of 1995, but the Tico was never sold in any of these markets, although its successor, the Matiz, was launched there in 1998, and went on to be a sales success.
Over its years of production, the Tico underwent major modifications to its specifications, mostly to the engine. Originally equipped with a carburetor and producing , it was later upgraded to fuel injection, thus passing the Euro 2 pollution standard, whilst also giving an increase in power output. Some versions of the Tico in the Korean domestic market were powered by liquefied petroleum gas.
Daewoo produced the Tico at the old Oltcit factory in Romania.
In 1998, the Tico was replaced with a new car, the Daewoo Matiz. The Tico was sold alongside the Matiz until 2001.
References
Tico
City cars
Cars introduced in 1991
2000s cars
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1969:.
1969
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1969 at HKcinemamagic.com
1969
Lists of 1969 films by country or language
1969 in Hong Kong
Midnight is a 1934 American drama film, the first directed by Chester Erskine, and starring Sidney Fox, O.P. Heggie, Henry Hull and Margaret Wycherly. It was based on a Theatre Guild play with the same name by Paul and Claire Sifton. The film was produced for Universal and was shot on a modest budget of $50,000 at Thomas Edison Studios, which producer/director Chester Erskine had re-opened specifically for the shoot.
Humphrey Bogart had a supporting though key role. The film was re-released as Call It Murder by Screen Guild Productions (Guaranteed Pictures) in 1949 after Bogart became a star; they were given top billing, although they are present in few scenes and was credited eighth in the original release.
Plot
The movie begins at the murder trial of Ethel Saxon, a woman who shot their lover in a crime of passion. During the trial, Edward Weldon, the jury supervisor, asks the defendant a question, which ultimately leads to a guilty verdict and a death sentence for them
The rest of film takes place on the evening of the execution, mostly in the Weldon home. Edward is dealing with the consequences of their role as supervisor. Friends have come to the house to support the family. An unscrupulous journalist who has bribed Weldon's son in law is also in attendance. Weldon's daughter Stella is upset by the departure of their gangster boyfriend, Gar Boni, whom they met during the trial. The evening culminates at midnight in a sequence in which three scenes are cross cut together: the switch is pulled at the death house, a gun is fired apparently in Boni's parked car, and a press photograph is taken of Edward Weldon's reaction. Moments later, Stella returns home, under the impression that they have shot Gar Boni. Weldon, torn between love for their daughter and their past pronouncements about the rule of law, contacts the district attorney to come to the house.
Cast
Sidney Fox ... Stella Weldon
O.P. Heggie ... Edward Weldon
Henry Hull ... Nolan
Margaret Wycherly ... Mrs. Weldon
Lynne Overman ... Joe Biggers (as Lynn Overman)
Katherine Wilson ... Ada Biggers
Richard Whorf ... Arthur Weldon
Humphrey Bogart ... Gar Boni
Granville Bates ... Henry McGrath
Cora Witherspoon ... Elizabeth McGrath
Moffat Johnston ... Dist. Atty. Plunkett
Henry O'Neill ... Ingersoll (as Henry O'Neil)
References
External links
1934 films
American black-and-white films
1934 crime drama films
Film noir
1934 romantic drama films
Films directed by Chester Erskine
American crime drama films
American romantic drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Teshima is a Japanese surname that may refer to
Alice Sae Teshima Noda (1894–1964), American business person, dental hygienist and beauty industry entrepreneur
Aoi Teshima (born 1987), Japanese singer and voice actor
Ikurō Teshima (1910–1973), Japanese religious leader
Kazuki Teshima (born 1979), Japanese football player
Keiko Teshima (born 1980), Japanese judoka
Nami Teshima (born 1974), female Japanese judoka
Shiro Teshima (1907–1982), Japanese football player
Takeshi Teshima (born 1941), Japanese fencer
Taichi Teshima (born 1968), Japanese golfer
Toshimitsu Teshima (born 1942), Japanese cyclist
Yusuke Teshima, Japanese motorcycle racer
Japanese-language surnames
Val Telberg (born Vladimir Telberg-von-Teleheim on February 14, 1910 in Moscow, Russian Empire; died 1995, Southampton, New York) was a Russian Empire-born American artist best known for their photomontages.
Biography
Their family moved to China in 1918 and they spent most of their youth there. They received a bachelor of science degree in chemistry from Wittenberg College in 1932. They returned to China, but would emigrate to the United States in 1938.
They studied painting at the Art Student's League, New York, in 1942, where they were exposed to the surrealism movement and experimental film-making. It was here they met their future first wife, Kathleen Lambing (more famous as Kathleen Haven, the name they took after their second marriage), who taught them photography.
For their first professional job in photography, Telberg was a portrait photographer, taking portraits of nightclub patrons in Florida and later Massachusetts. In 1945, they returned to New York and began to create photomontages through double exposure; many of these images had a surreal, dreamlike quality. In 1948, the Brooklyn Museum of Art held an exhibition of the photomontage works they produced with their wife.
In 1987, they had a retrospective exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Photography. Their work is held by the Museum of Modern Art, the J. Paul Getty Museum, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
References
External links
Caption:Portrait Montage
NY Times Obituary
20th-century Russian painters
Russian male painters
1910 births
20th-century American photographers
1995 deaths
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Soviet expatriates in China
20th-century Russian male artists
Pietro Bottaccioli (February 15, 1928 – January 22, 2017) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1950, Bottaccioli served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gubbio, Italy, from 1989 to 2004.
Notes
1928 births
2017 deaths
People from Umbertide
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
21st-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Mariya Dimitrova (born 7 August 1976) is a Bulgarian triple jumper.
They finished seventh at the 2007 European Indoor Championships. They also competed at the World Championships in 2003 and 2007 and the Olympic Games in 2000 and 2004 without reaching the finals.
Them personal best jump is 14.52 metres, achieved in June 2004 in Plovdiv. The Bulgarian record is currently held by Tereza Marinova with 15.20 metres.
References
1976 births
Living people
Bulgarian female triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Bulgaria
The 6th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 27, 1930. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 14-year-old Helen Jensen of Council Bluffs, Iowa, correctly spelling the word albumen.(28 May 1930). Tall Corn Girl Wins National Spelling Bee, Pittsburgh Press (nothing that 2nd place winner missed "asceticism"; Jensen had to correctly spell that word and "albumen" to win). Ruth Des Jardins of Michigan came in second, who stumbled on "asceticism", followed by Mildred Froning of Indiana, who went out on "conflagration".
The final hour of the contest was broadcast on radio, starting at 3pm Eastern standard time, by the National Broadcasting Company.
There were 24 contestants this year.
First place received $1000, followed by $500 for second place, and $250 for third.
References
06
1930 in education
1930 in Washington, D.C.
May 1930 events
The 1899 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1897 college football season.
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
Singu Min (, ; 10 May 1756 – 14 February 1782) was the fourth king of the Konbaung dynasty of Myanmar.
The King, who came to power amid controversy, largely put an end to their father Hsinbyushin's policy of territorial expansion, which had severely depleted the kingdom's manpower and resources. They stopped their father's latest war against Siam at their accession, effectively ceding Lan Na to the Siamese. Likewise, they took no action when the Laotian states stopped paying tribute in 1778. The only campaigns were in Manipur, where the Burmese army was forced to put down four rebellions during their reign.
The king is best remembered for the Maha Ganda Bell, which they donated in 1779. Singu was overthrown on 6 February 1782 by their cousin Phaungka and was executed by their uncle Bodawpaya eight days later.
Early life
Singu was born Min Ye Hla (), the eldest son to the Prince of Myedu (later King Hsinbyushin) and their first wife at the Royal Palace in Ava on 10 May 1756. When their father became king, Min Ye Hla was granted the town of Singu in fief. They became known as Singusa, or Lord of Singu, by which they would be known. They were later installed as Heir Apparent, against the wish of the founder of the dynasty, Alaungpaya.
Accession controversy
Singu ascended the throne amid controversy, as their accession ignored the wish of the dynasty founder King Alaungpaya that all their sons become king. Singu's accession was made possible by the support of their father-in-law Gen. Maha Thiha Thura, the commander-in-chief of the Burmese military. (Singu's second queen, Maha Mingala Dewi, was the general's daughter.) At their succession, they assumed the regnal name "Mahadhammayazadiyaza" (; ).
At Hsinbyushin's death, Maha Thiha Thura-led Burmese forces were bogged down in their latest campaign in Siam. Concerned about their own rule at home, Singu ordered a complete withdrawal of Burmese forces from Lan Na and Upper Menam valley. The withdrawal's long-term impact was that the Burmese would lose most of the old Lan Na Kingdom, which had been under Burmese suzerainty since 1558.
Reign
Singu killed off potential rivals to the throne as soon as they came to power. They had three of their half-brothers executed in 1776 upon their ascension. They next executed their uncle Prince of Amyin, the rightful heir to the throne per Alaungpaya's wish, on 1 October 1777. They exiled other possible claimants—the remaining three uncles, and two cousins. Prince of Badon (later King Bodawpaya) was next in line for the throne—hence Singu's next target—but the astute prince conducted themselves so as to be seen as harmless and thereby escaped death. Prince of Badon was instead sent to Sagaing, where they were kept under close supervision.
Demobilization
Unlike their predecessors, who were all military men, Singu was anti-war in sentiment. The country had been fighting constant wars since 1740 and manpower and resources had been severely depleted. Moreover, they did not trust army commanders who were "drunk with victory" and had become warlords in the regions. Singu witnessed how the commanders openly disobeyed their father's orders when the once-fiery king was on their deathbed (1774–1776). Reflecting the people's general weariness of war, Singu largely demobilized the armies. They even had a fallout with Maha Thiha Thura and dismissed the man who had made them king, relieving the old general of all their offices, divorcing Maha Thiha Thura's daughter in May 1777, and having them drowned in 1778.
By demobilizing, they essentially decided to give up Lan Na, which had been under Burmese rule since Bayinnaung's time. Similarly, they took no action when the Laotian states of Vientiane and Luang Prabang, which had been Burmese vassals since 1765, stopped paying tribute in 1778. Nonetheless, their demobilization was well received by the war-torn country, as the people had grown tired of constant conscriptions to fight in "ever-lasting wars" in remote regions they had never heard of.
The only region in which Singu maintained military action was Manipur, where they inherited another war from their father. The former Manipuri king, whom the Burmese last drove out in 1770, made four attempts from their base in Cachar to oust the Burmese nominee between 1775 and 1782. The Burmese drove them back each time but were unable to capture him. The army gained "barren victories" and lost 20,000 men partly by fever over the years. After Singu's dethronement in 1782, the Burmese withdrew from Manipur "perhaps because the country was now so thoroughly devastated that nothing more could be wrung out of it".
Administration
They spent much of their time at the capital and in the palace, surrounding themselves with young people, as they were anti-war in temperament. There, they listened to music and poetry and spent their nights in drunken bouts in a hideout across the river. They executed or dismissed those courtiers who criticized their conduct.
Dethronement and death
On 6 February 1782, one of the exiled cousins, Prince of Phaungka, came back to Ava, deposed Singu and declared themselves to be king. Phaungka's reign was, however, very short, as their uncle Prince of Badon organized a coup one week later, killed both Singu and Phaungka, and became King—later known as King Bodawpaya.
Notes
References
Konbaung dynasty
1756 births
1782 deaths
18th-century Burmese monarchs
A. bidentata may refer to:
Acacia bidentata, a whistling thorn
Achyranthes bidentata, a medicinal plant
Acontia bidentata, an owlet moth
Acteocina bidentata, a deepsea snail
Alucita bidentata, a many-plumed moth
Antheua bidentata, a prominent moth
Antichthonidris bidentata, a South American ant
Aphrophila bidentata, a crane fly
Austromontia bidentata, a South African harvestman
The Câlnic is a left tributary of the river Gilort in Romania. It discharges into the Gilort in Albeni. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Gorj County
Cedric Bradford Glover (born August 9, 1965) is a Democratic Party politician who is a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives, representing District 4. They were earlier the two-term mayor of Shreveport, Louisiana, the first African-American to hold that position.
Outgoing Mayor Keith Hightower was term-limited in 2006, after having won election in both 1998 and 2002. Glover defeated the Republican mayoral candidate, former city attorney Jerry Jones, in the general election held on November 7, 2006, by a 54-46 percent margin. The third-place contender, former broadcast journalist Liz Swaine, had been eliminated in the nonpartisan blanket primary held on September 30. Glover was formerly a member in both the Louisiana House of Representatives (1996–2006) and the Shreveport City Council (1990–1996).
In the primary held on October 2, 2010, Glover sought a second term against seven opponents. They led with 16,376 votes (45 percent), and city council member Bryan Wooley, a Republican, trailed with 11,218 votes (31 percent). In the November 2 general election, Glover handily defeated Wooley, 37,699 votes (64 percent) to 21,021 (36 percent).
Early life and career
Mr. Glover was educated at Caddo Magnet High School and then attended both Grambling State University and Louisiana State University. They became a regional president for Professional Temporaries USA. Mr. Glover was one of Norwela Council's first In-School Scouting Coordinators while at the same time being Scoutmaster at Boy Scout Troop 333.
2008 veto controversy
On October 24, 2008, Glover vetoed a pay raise proposal that would have included all law enforcement personnel. This was the first veto the mayor used during their term. The pay raise, backed by a Shreveport City Councilman would use funds re-allocated from the current budget. The proposal had intended to remedy the city's number of law enforcement personnel that were leaving because of low pay and safety issues. Shreveport has a considerably higher crime rate and pays its police officers less than the regional average. The Councilman argued that the proposal was one way to retain more officers, saying: "Officers are leaving at an alarming rate to find better pay somewhere else. Let's keep it in the police department. Let's give the police officers a well deserved-well needed raise and lets make ourselves competitive in the marketplace." Glover responded by saying that the city only loses officers at a rate of 6 percent, which is below the national average of 10 percent.
Four days after the veto, supporters of the proposal failed to override it when the City Council voted in favor of the Mayor's decision. The supporters would have needed at least five votes to override.
Return to the legislature
On January 11, 2016, Glover returned to the state House for a second stint of service, having won outright the position in the primary election held on October 24, 2015. They received 4,136 votes (52.7 percent), having topped two Democratic challengers, Fred Moss IV, and Reginald Johnson.
In May 2016, Representative Glover failed to push through the House Criminal Justice Committee on a six to nine vote their bill to assist those wrongfully convicted and imprisoned to obtain compensation from the state. The legislation was particularly aimed at providing compensation to the surviving family of the late Glenn Ford of Shreveport, an African-American who spent three decades on death row until it was determined that they did not murder Isadore Rozeman, a Shreveport jeweler. Ford had been denied compensation because the court claimed they were still guilty through the planning of the armed robbery that led to Rozeman's murder in 1983. The Louisiana 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in Shreveport upheld that decision. Roseman's nephew, Dr. Phillip Rozeman of Shreveport, said the only innocent person in the case was their murdered uncle, claiming that Glenn Ford not only planned the crime but also sold stolen items from the jewelry store after the murder. This allegation is refuted by former prosecutor Marty Stroud, who said, "My mistake cost a man 30 years on death row for a crime they didn't commit. The court said they led the effort to invade the house; there's no evidence of that." Ford died of lung cancer in 2015. Glover said that they will re-introduce their legislation in 2017.
References
1965 births
Living people
African-American mayors in Louisiana
African-American state legislators in Louisiana
Activists for African-American civil rights
African-American Methodists
Mayors of Shreveport, Louisiana
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Louisiana Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Louisiana city council members
20th-century American politicians
20th-century African-American politicians
21st-century African-American politicians
USS Noble may refer to the following vessels operated by the United States Navy:
, part of the Stone Fleet in 1862
, acquired by the US Navy in 1944 and transferred to Spain in 1964
United States Navy ship names
Come On Up is the seventh studio album by American keyboardist Brian Culbertson. It was released by June 13, 2003 on Warner Records. Artists such as Rick Braun, Rashaan Patterson, Marcus Miller and Norman Brown appeared on the album. Come On Up reached number three on both the US Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Tracklisting
Charts
References
2003 albums
Warner Records albums
Magali Di Marco Messmer (born 9 September 1971 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland), is one of the most seasoned professional elite triathletes and part of the Swiss National Team since 1995. They took part in two Olympic Games, placing 3rd in Sydney (2000) and 13th in Beijing (2008). They live in Troistorrents in Valais.
Magali Di Marco Messmer started their triathlon career in 1995 when they had already retired from swimming, and they won the Swiss Championships in the very first year of their new triathlon career. In 2000, they crowned their efforts by winning the bronze medal at the Olympics in Sydney, whereupon they retired temporarily from triathlon.
Living in Monthey together with their husband and working as a manager in an insurance company, they dedicated themselves to family life and gave birth to their son Eliah on 2 November 2001.
At the end of the year 2004, however, Magali Di Marco hd their comeback to triathlon and in 2005 they achieved several World Cup top ten positions.
At the Olympics in Beijing in 2008 they placed 13th and in the World Championship Rankings of the year 2009 they were the number 8 among 106 female elite triathletes, so for more than 15 years Magali Di Marco Messmer has now been a match for the best elite triathletes of the world.
In the 15 years from 1995 to 2009 Magali Di Marco Messmer took part in 73 ITU competitions and achieved 43 top ten positions.
In France, Magali Di Marco represents the Triathlon Club Châteauroux in the prestigious Club Championship Series Lyonnaise des Eaux. At the first triathlon of this French circuit in Dunkirk (23 May 2010) they placed 5th and was the best triathlete of their club, at the second triathlon in Beauvais (13 June 2010) they placed 6th and was again among the three , and in Paris (18 July 2010) they also achieved an overall top ten position placing ninth and being again the best of the female Châteuroux triathletes.
ITU and ETU Competitions from 1995 to 2010
All the following competitions are triathlons and belong to the Elite category.
The list is based upon the official ITU Profile Page.
BG = the sponsor British Gas · DNF = did not finish · DNS = did not start
References
External links
Magali Di Marco Messmer's Webpage in French
Magali Di Marco Messmer's Blog in French
1971 births
Living people
People from La Chaux-de-Fonds
Swiss female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Switzerland
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the canton of Neuchâtel
Kessleria albomaculata is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in France.
The length of the forewings is 7.3-7.5 mm. The forewings are light to medium brown with some white scales. The hindwings are light greyish brown. Adults have been recorded in July.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
Christian Hertweck is a German chemist, deputy director and head of the Department of Biomolecular Chemistry at the Leibniz Institute for Natural Products Research and Infection Biology.
Career
Hertweck studied chemistry at the University of Bonn and did their doctorate under Wilhelm Boland at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in 1996-1999. After a research stay (1999-2000) with Heinz G. Floss and Bradley S. Moore at the University of Washington, Seattle, USA, funded by a Feodor Lynen Research Fellowship for Postdoctoral Researchers (Alexander von Humboldt Foundation), they started their independent research as head of a junior research group at the Hans Knöll Institute (2001-2005), which led to a habilitation (venia legendi) in organic chemistry at the FSU Jena. Since 2006, they have been full professor at the Friedrich Schiller University Jena (Chair of Natural Product Chemistry) and head of the Department of Biomolecular Chemistry at the Leibniz Institute for Natural Product Research and Infection Biology; in 2008 they became deputy director of the institute.
Area of research
Hertweck's research focuses on specialized metabolites of bacteria and fungi with the intent to identify pharmacologically relevant substances and to understand how they are assembled. Genetic methods (genome mining) and are primarily used to discover new active substances. To modify the structures of natural substances, their research group uses synthetic and enzymatic methods as well as synthetic biology approaches, in which genes from active substance producers are modified or recombined. They have co-authored over 350 publications and articles in scientific journals. In 2015, they were awarded the Leibniz Prize of the German Research Foundation for their research on bioactive natural products from microorganisms.
References
External links
page about Christian Hertweck at Leibniz-HKI
page about Herweck at FSU Jena
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize winners
University of Bonn alumni
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
1969 births
University of Jena faculty
Living people
Jane Ann, Lady Winterton (née Hodgson; born 6 March 1941 in Sutton Coldfield) is a retired British Conservative Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Congleton from 1983 to 2010.  They are married to Sir Nicholas Winterton, also a former Conservative MP.
Parliamentary career
Winterton was educated at Erdington Grammar School for Girls. Following their election to represent Congleton in 1983, they were a member of several select committees, including Agriculture (1987–1997), the chairperson's panel (1992–1998) and the National Drug Strategy (1998–2001), Social Security (2000–2001) and the Unopposed Bills Panel since 1997.  They are a representative of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, and a patron of Cheshire National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.  They are also president of the Congleton Pantomime Society.
Racism
Winterton became Shadow Minister for Agriculture in 2001, and was later sacked from that position after they told the following joke at a dinner at Congleton rugby on 3 May 2002:
An Englishman, a Cuban, a Japanese man and a Pakistani were all on a train.
The Cuban threw a fine Havana cigar out the window. When they were asked why, they replied: "They are ten a penny in my country."
The Japanese man threw an expensive Nikon camera out of the carriage, adding: "These are ten a penny in my country."
The Englishman then picked up the Pakistani and threw them out of the train window.
When the other travellers asked them to account for their actions, they said: "They are ten a penny in my country."'
In February 2004 they had the Conservative whip removed for telling the following joke (which alluded to the recent death of twenty-three illegal immigrant Chinese cockle-pickers in Morecambe Bay) at a Whitehall private dinner party to improve Denmark–United Kingdom relations and declining to apologise:
One shark turned to the other to say they were fed up chasing tuna and the other said, "Why don't we go to Morecambe Bay and get some Chinese?"
A month later, Winterton apologised for the joke, and had the whip restored. Lord Taylor of Warwick, the only black Conservative peer in the House of Lords, criticised the decision to restore the whip and said they were not fit to be an MP.
Nick Palmer, then Labour MP for Broxtowe, who was at the dinner, criticised the joke and told BBC Radio 4's Today, "People were a bit stunned really. It was a very low-key friendly dinner. I was very sorry for the host – it was just a group of people discussing Danish issues."
Michael Howard, leader of the Conservatives, said, "Ann Winterton's remarks about the tragic deaths in Morecambe Bay were completely unacceptable. Such sentiments have no place in the Conservative Party. I deplore them and I apologise for them on behalf of my party."
In September 2005 (following the May general election), Winterton said they felt that Britain is a country where:
"Crime is out of control ... and where thousands of illegal immigrants are waved in with no checks on whether they are criminals or potential terrorists. [...] We live in times of tremendous change, but the United Kingdom is still, thankfully, a predominantly white, Christian country. [...] Some might say we are now paying the price for the so-called 'benefits' of the multicultural society, the product of almost uncontrolled immigration and the abuse of asylum."
Along with their husband, they managed to ask questions at Tony Blair's last Prime minister's questions in 2007.
MPs' misuse of expenses
Together with Nicholas Winterton, Ann Winterton was investigated by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, who concluded that they had misused their MPs' expenses to pay rent for a flat that they had already bought outright. The Wintertons transferred the ownership of the flat into a family trust to avoid the inheritance tax threshold. Since 2002, they had paid the rent for living in the flat from their MPs' expenditure. The Wintertons had declared their intentions to the Commons' Fees Office. On 25 May 2009, it was announced that both the Wintertons would stand down as MPs at the following general election. Winterton was one of 98 MPs who voted in favour of legislation which would have kept MPs' expense details secret.
Awards
Cheshire life Woman of the year
Bibliography
References
External links
Profiles
ePolitix – Ann Winterton official site
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Ann Winterton MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Ann Winterton MP
Ann Winterton: A 'family values' Tory – BBC profile
1941 births
Living people
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
People from Sutton Coldfield
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children people
Wives of knights
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Gordon Crossing is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
The Brisbane Cup is a Brisbane Racing Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-olds and upwards, run under handicap conditions over a distance of 3200 metres at Eagle Farm Racecourse, Brisbane during the Queensland Winter Racing Carnival. Prize money is A$400,000.
Due to track reconstruction of Eagle Farm Racecourse for the 2014–15 racing season the event was transferred to Doomben Racecourse with a slightly shorter distance of 2200 metres.
History
The race was named as the Victory Cup in 1946 when racing was resumed after World War II in Queensland.
Distance
1866 - miles (~3600 metres)
1867–1882 – 2 miles (~3200 metres)
1883 - miles (~2800 metres)
1884–1887 – 2 miles (~3200 metres)
1888 - miles (~2800 metres)
1889–1941 – 2 miles (~3200 metres)
1942–1945 - Race not run during World War II
1946 - miles (~2400 metres)
1947–1972 – 2 miles (~3200 metres)
1973–2006 – 3200 metres
2007–2014 – 2400 metres
2015 – 2200 metres
2016 – 2400 metres
2017 – 2200 metres
2018 – 2200 metres
2019 – 2400 metres
2021 onwards – 3200 metres
Grade
1866–1979 - Principal race
1980–2006 - Group 1
2007 onwards - Group 2
Venue
2015 - Doomben Racecourse
2017 - Doomben Racecourse
2018 - Doomben Racecourse
Winners
2022 - Irish Sequel
2021 - Knights Order
2020 - ‡race not held
2019 - Sixties Groove
2018 - Sedanzer
2017 - Chocante
2016 - Benzini
2015 - Jetset Lad
2014 - Floria
2013 - Moriarity
2012 - Lights Of Heaven
2011 - Tullamore
2010 - Crossthestart
2009 - Scenic Shot
2008 - Viewed
2007 - Newport
2006 - Art Success
2005 - Portland Singa
2004 - Danestorm
2003 - Piachay
2002 - Prized Gem
2001 - Star Covet
2000 - Yippyio
1999 - Sheer Kingston
1998 - Praise Indeed
1997 - Desert Chill
1996 - Dupain
1995 - Desert Chill
1994 - Sky Flyer
1993 - Barbut Delcia
1992 - Grooming
1991 - Just A Dancer
1990 - Shuzohra
1989 - Coshking
1988 - Lord Hybrow
1987 - Limitless
1986 - Marlon
1985 - Foxseal
1984 - Chiamare
1983 - Amarant
1982 - Queen's Road
1981 - Four Crowns
1980 - Love Bandit
1979 - Grey Affair
1978 - Muros
1977 - Reckless
1976 - Balmerino
1975 - Herminia
1974 - Igloo
1973 - Irish Whip
1972 - Mode
1971 - Royal Shah
1970 - Cachondeo
1969 - Galleon King
1968 - Prominence
1967 - Fulmen
1966 - Apa
1965 - Fair Patton
1964 - Fair Patton
1963 - Campo
1962 - Kamikaze
1961 - Tulloch
1960 - Valerius
1959 - Macdougal
1958 - Timor
1957 - Cambridge
1956 - Redcraze
1955 - The Wash
1954 - Lancaster
1953 - Hydrogen
1952 - Putoko
1951 - Prince O' Fairies
1950 - Silver Buzz
1949 - Sanctus
1948 - Sicarda
1947 - Blue Boots
1946 - Good Idea
1942–45 - race not held
1941 - Lady Buzzard
1940 - Tragopan
1939 - Spear Chief
1938 - Spear Chief
1937 - Glen's Spear
1936 - Lough Neagh
1935 - Rivalli
1934 - St. Valorey
1933 - Herolage
1932 - St. Valorey
1931 - Royal Smile
1930 - Trainer
1929 - In Petto
1928 - Canning Queen
1927 - Kentle
1926 - Piastoon
1925 - Te Kara
1924 - Balaton
1923 - Seremite
1922 - Grichka
1921 - Impeyan
1920 - Golden Sunset
1919 - Venerable
1918 - Irish Princess
1917 - Bunting
1916 - Demeranthis
1915 - Rue Victoria
1914 - Cagou
1913 - Rosard
1912 - Goard
1911 - Black Paint
1910 - Curve
1909 - Fightaway
1908 - Plunder
1907 - Haidee
1906 - Scorcher
1905 - Fitz Grafton
1904 - Fitz Grafton
1903 - Jessie
1902 - Palmer
1901 - Rabato
1900 - Boreas Ii
1899 - Dundonald
1898 - Rubydor
1897 - Battalion
1896 - Tornado
1895 - Orville
1894 - Yelverton
1893 - Tridentate
1892 - Splendide
1891 - Lurline
1890 - Lyndhurst
1889 - Quicksilver
1888 - Sirius
1887 - Wetherondale
1886 - Bonnie Bee
1885 - Lancer
1884 - Legacy
1883 - Mozart
1882 - Proctor
1881 - Lord Clifden
1880 - Major
1879 - Sydney
1878 - †The Dean/Strathearn
1877 - Sunrise
1876 - Irish Stew
1875 - Carbine
1874 - Zanco
1873 - Wanderer
1872 - Zanco
1871 - Greyskim
1870 - Dandy
1869 - Premier
1868 - Sydney
1867 - North Australian
1866 - Forester
† Dead heat
‡ Not held because of the COVID-19 pandemic
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Horse races in Australia
Open middle distance horse races
Sport in Brisbane
History of Brisbane
Recurring sporting events established in 1866
1866 establishments in Australia
Shahrak-e Emam (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 764, in 190 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Menon may refer to:
People
Menon (subcaste), an honorary title accorded to some members of the Nair community of Kerala, southern India; used as a surname by many holders of the title
Surnamed
Menon (surname), the surname of several people
Given named
Menon (cookbook author), pseudonym of an unidentified 18th-century French cookbook author
Menon (Phidias), a workman with Phidias
Menon (Trojan), a Trojan soldier in Trojan War
Menon I of Pharsalus, assisted Cimon at Battle of Eion
Menon II of Pharsalus, led troops assisting Athens in the Peloponnesian War
Menon III of Pharsalus or Meno, a Thessalian general and character in Plato's Meno dialogue
Menon IV of Pharsalus (born ?), 4th century Greek general
Menon, 4th century BC Peripatetic writer on medicine: see Anonymus Londinensis
Múnón, also called Mennón, a Trojan chieftain or king mentioned by the twelfth-century Icelandic writer Snorri Sturluson that may refer to Menon, Memnon, or another person.
Other uses
Menon (gastropod), a genus of gastropods within the family Eulimidae
Meno, a dialogue by Plato, is sometimes referred to also as Menon
Menon's caecilian
Menon (weapon) An Italian anti-submarine mortar
See also
Mennon
Menos (disambiguation)
Meno (disambiguation)
Walter George "Jumbo" Brown (April 30, 1907 – October 2, 1966) was an American professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs, Cleveland Indians, New York Yankees, Cincinnati Reds, and New York Giants. Their professional career spanned from 1925 to 1941.
During their major league career, Brown had a 33–31 win–loss record with a 4.07 earned run average and 29 saves, leading the National League twice.  They are known mostly for their large size, weighing during their playing days. Until Walter Young and Jonathan Broxton made their MLB debuts, Brown was the heaviest player to ever play in the major leagues.
Career
Brown was born in Greene, Rhode Island, on April 30, 1907. They began playing sandlot ball in Brockton, Massachusetts, where they were discovered by a scout for the Chicago Cubs, who signed him. Manager Rabbit Maranville was particularly interested in the scout's report. Brown made two appearances for the Cubs on a trial basis, playing their first game on August 26, 1925. Maranville quit as manager, and the new manager, George Gibson, released Brown before the end of the 1925 season. Brown went to the minor leagues in 1926, playing for the Sarasota Gulls of the Class D Florida State League. They started the 1927 season with the Gulfport Tarpons of the Class D Cotton States League. In July, they were traded to the Cleveland Indians for Benn Karr. They appeared in eight games for Cleveland, pitching to a 6.27 ERA. Brown had their tonsils removed during the 1927–28 offseason, causing them to gain . Their weight continued to fluctuate throughout their career, reaching a reported high of .
Cleveland retained Brown's rights for the 1928 season, but they started the season with a 6.75 ERA in five appearances. Cleveland optioned them to the New Orleans Pelicans of the Southern Association in June. In July 1928, they were sent to the Omaha Crickets of the Western League for Luther Harvel. Brown was promoted back to Cleveland in September 1928. They pitched for Omaha in 1929 and the Oklahoma City Indians in 1930. They had a 16–6 win–loss record for Oklahoma City.
The New York Yankees purchased Brown's contract before the 1931 season and assigned them to the Jersey City Skeeters of the International League. Brown played for the Yankees in the 1932 season. They played as a relief pitcher, but made three starts late in the season. Brown had a 4.53 ERA in 19 games, including three starts. Brown was a member of the Yankees roster for the 1932 World Series. They did not appear in the series, which the Yankees won. Brown pitched for the Yankees in 1933, recording a 5.23 ERA in 21 games, eight starts. The Yankees optioned Brown to the Hollywood Stars of the Pacific Coast League at the end of August. They opted to retire for the season to be with their sick wife instead. The Yankees optioned Brown to the Newark Bears of the International League before the 1934 season. They had a 20–6 win–loss record for Newark. The Yankees promoted Brown back to the major leagues in 1935, Brown recorded a 3.61 ERA in 20 games, eight starts, in the 1935 season and pitched to a 5.91 ERA in 20 games, with three starts during the 1936 season. Brown was included on the Yankees roster for the 1936 World Series, but did not appear in the series, which the Yankees won.
In May 1937, the Yankees sent Brown and Babe Dahlgren to the Bears. In June 1937, they were purchased by the Cincinnati Reds. Brown won their first game with the Reds, but ended up with a 8.38 ERA in four games. The Reds sold Brown and Phil Weintraub to Jersey City, then owned by the New York Giants, in July. In September, the Giants purchased Brown from Jersey City. They made four appearances with a 1.04 ERA.
The Giants retained Brown for the 1938 season. Using Brown exclusively as a relief pitcher, they had a 1.80 ERA with five saves in 43 games in 1938, a 4.15 ERA with six saves in 31 games in 1939, a 3.42 ERA with seven saves in 41 games in 1940, and a 3.32 ERA with eight saves in 31 appearances in 1941. They led the National League in saves in 1940 and 1941. In September 1941, the Giants released Brown to the Columbus Red Birds of the American Association, a farm team of the St. Louis Cardinals, in order to acquire Tom Sunkel from a different Cardinals' farm team. Brown reported to spring training with Columbus in March 1942, but retired from professional baseball in April. They finished their career with a 33–31 won-lost record, a 4.07 ERA, and 28 saves at the major league level.
Later life
After their playing career, Brown settled in Freeport, New York. During World War II, they worked for Grumman at their Bethpage, New York, facility. They also pitched for Grumman's semi-professional baseball team. After the war, Brown opened a sporting goods store in Freeport. It went out of business in 1953.
Brown and their first wife, Martha Tobe, had one daughter. They met their second wife when they played for the Giants and they worked as a nurse at the Polo Grounds. They married on February 2, 1940, and had one daughter.
In their later life, Brown spent time living in Providence, Rhode Island, before returning to Freeport. Brown died on October 2, 1966, from congestive heart failure.
See also
List of Major League Baseball annual saves leaders
References
External links
1907 births
1966 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Rhode Island
Chicago Cubs players
Cleveland Indians players
New York Yankees players
Cincinnati Reds players
New York Giants (NL) players
Gulfport Tarpons players
Jersey City Giants players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Newark Bears players
Omaha Crickets players
Oklahoma City Indians players
Sarasota Gulls players
Sportspeople from Kent County, Rhode Island
Devaughn Williamson (born 22 December 1997) is a Bahamian footballer who plays as a defender for United FC and the Bahamas national football team.
International career
In March 2015, Devaughn made their debut for the Bahamas in a World Cup qualifying match against Bermuda.
Personal life
Williamson was born to Philaseta and Conrad Williamson in the Bahamas. Their brother, Donovan, is a beach soccer player, who was part of the Bahamian team that competed 2015 CONCACAF Beach Soccer Championship. Williamson is studying maritime operations at the University of the Bahamas. Despite being sundered by following separate careers, they both had entered in the same college and were 2014 graduates of Aquinas College. Williamson has also partaken in the Templeton World Charity Foundation Laws of Life essay competition in their time at Aguinas College Nassau.
Their parents are Philaseta and Conrad Williamson.
References
1997 births
Living people
Bahamian footballers
Bahamas international footballers
Association football defenders
BFA Senior League players
Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz (July 17, 1843 – October 19, 1914) was an army general and statesman who served as President of Argentina from 1880 to 1886 and from 1898 to 1904. Roca is the most important representative of the Generation of '80 and is known for directing the Conquest of the Desert, a series of military campaigns against the indigenous peoples of Patagonia sometimes considered a genocide.
During their two terms as president, many important changes occurred, particularly major infrastructure projects of railroads and port facilities; increased foreign investment, along with immigration from Europe; large-scale immigration from southern Europe; expansion of the agricultural and pastoral sectors of the economy; and laicizing legislation strengthening state power.
Roca's main foreign policy concern was to set the limits with Chile, which had never been determined with precision. In 1881 Argentina gained territory by treaty with Chile.
Upbringing and early career
Roca was born in the northwestern city of San Miguel de Tucumán in 1843 into a prominent local family. They graduated from the National College in Concepción del Uruguay, Entre Ríos. Before they were 15, Roca joined the army of the Argentine Confederation, on 19 March 1858. While still an adolescent, they went to fight as a junior artillery officer in the struggle between Buenos Aires and the interior provinces, first on the side of the provinces and later on behalf of the capital. They also fought in the War of the Triple Alliance against Paraguay between 1865 and 1870. Roca rose to the rank of colonel serving in the war to suppress the revolt of Ricardo López Jordán in Entre Ríos. President Nicolás Avellaneda later promoted them to General after their victory over rebel general José M. Arredondo in the battle of Santa Rosa, leading the loyalist forces. Roca saw the army "as an agent of national unification," and their experience in the army "broadened their understanding of Argentina and the provincial upper class."
Political beginnings
In 1878, during Avellaneda's presidency, they became Minister of War and it was their task to prepare a campaign that would bring an end to the "frontier problem" after the failure of the plan of Adolfo Alsina (his predecessor). A number of indigenous groups defended their traditional territories and frequently assaulted non-indigenous frontier settlements, taking horses and cattle, and capturing women and children, who were enslaved or offered as brides to the warriors. Roca's approach to dealing with the Indian communities of the Pampas, however, was completely different from Alsina's, who had ordered the construction of a ditch and a defensive line of small fortresses across the Province of Buenos Aires. Roca saw no way to end native attacks (malones) but by putting under effective government control all land up to the Río Negro in a campaign (known as the Conquest of the Desert) that would "extinguish, subdue or expel" the Indians who lived there. "He began the campaign against the Ranqueles", which eventually resulted in the "transfer of 35% of national territory from the Indians to local caudillos. This land conquest would also strengthen Argentina's strategic position against Chile.
They devised a "tentacle" move, with waves of 6,000 men cavalry units stemming coordinately from Mendoza, Córdoba, Santa Fé and Buenos Aires in July 1878 and April 1879 respectively, with an official toll of nearly 1,313 Native Americans killed and 15,000 taken as prisoners, and is credited with the liberation of several hundred European hostages.
First presidency
In mid-1879, after the death of Alsina, Roca became the most prestigious leader of the National Autonomous Party, and was proposed as a candidate by Cordoba's governor Miguel Celman, and in Buenos Aires by the doctor Eduardo Wilde; quickly gained the support of most of the Argentine state governors. The April 11 elections for president, which came a sweeping victory for the voters of Roca, except in Buenos Aires and Corrientes. On June 13 the Electoral College met and elected President General Roca and Vice President Francisco Bernabé Madero. But in Buenos Aires it was brewing a revolution against the triumph of Roca. Four days later the fighting began, which ended on June 25 with an agreement between the province and the nation; the revolution of 1880 had cost 3,000 dead. Shortly before the presidential inauguration Roca was passed in Congress federalization of Buenos Aires.
Under their mandate the so-called "laicist laws" (Leyes Laicas) were passed, which nationalized a series of functions that previously were under the control of the Church. They also created the so-called Registro Civil, an index of all births, deaths and marriages. President Roca also made primary education free of charge by nationalizing education institutions run by the Church. This led to a break in relations with the Vatican. Roca presided over an era of rapid economic development fueled by large scale European immigration, railway construction, and booming agricultural exports. In May 1886 Roca was the subject of a failed assassination attempt.
Continuing political involvement
Roca themselves had put forward Juárez Celman as their successor, who was their brother-in-law. However, Celman distanced themselves from Roca. Celman's government was ultimately tarnished by the Baring crisis and corruption allegations.
Roca did not participate in the 1890 revolution attempt against Celman, which was instigated by Leandro N. Alem and Bartolomé Mitre (Unión Cívica, later Unión Cívica Radical). However, they were pleased in the resulting weakness of Miguel Juárez Celman.
After their first presidency Roca remained important politically, becoming a senator and Minister of the Interior under Carlos Pellegrini. After President Luis Sáenz Peña resigned in January 1895, José Evaristo Uriburu took over the presidency, when Roca was President of the Senate. Because of this, Roca again assumed the duties of President between 28 October 1895 and 8 February 1896, when Uriburu was ill.
Second presidency
In the middle of 1897 the Partido Autonomista Nacional party put forward Roca as a presidential candidate once more. Unopposed, they were able to begin a second regular term in office on 12 October 1898. During their second presidency, the Ley de Residencia law was passed, which made it possible to expel some of Argentina's trade union leaders, who were noncitizen anarchists and socialists deemed dangerous to Argentina.
During this presidency military service was introduced in 1901 and a border dispute with Chile was settled in 1902. Luis Drago, Roca's foreign minister, articulated the Drago Doctrine of 1902 asserting that foreign powers could not collect public debts from sovereign American states by armed force or occupation of territory. Argentina's foreign debt increased in this period, although economic growth continued. Roca was unable to continue their political domination, and they were unable to essentially name their successor. Roca's second term ended in 1904, and is considered less successful than their first.
Later years
In 1912 Roca was appointed as Special Ambassador of Argentina to Brazil by President Roque Sáenz Peña. Roca returned to Argentina in 1914 and died in Buenos Aires on October 19, 1914. They were buried in La Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires.
Their son, Julio Argentino Roca, Jr., became vice-president of Argentina in 1932 to 1938.
Legacy
Roca's thought has been associated with the idea of Juan Bautista Alberdi around the idea of a "possible republic": a republican government, with broad civil and economic freedoms but with an exercise of political life restricted to the ruling elites. The possible republic would give way to the true republic, of a fully democratic character. The ideal of a possible republic, with its politically conservative line, was one of the sources of political conflict that led to the emergence of various oppositions, even from the members of the Generation of '80 themselves.
During the twentieth century, Roca was recognized as one of the statesmen who forged the foundations of the modern Argentine republic. As such, Roca has been honored by designating cities, departments, lakes, streets, avenues, squares, monuments, parks, schools and railway lines throughout the country. Examples include the city of General Roca in the province of Río Negro, the town of Presidencia Roca in the province of Chaco; the town of Presidente Roca in the province of Santa Fe; the Colonia Roca of the province of Entre Ríos; the General Roca Department of the province of Córdoba. In Buenos Aires, a major thoroughfare and a railway branch are named after them and an equestrian statue of them was erected in 1941.
In recent years, there has been an increasing re-evaluation of Roca's place in Argentine history, particularly their involvement in the Conquest of the Desert. Some groups claim that they committed genocide against the Native Argentines. Those who consider Roca as genocidal have proposed removing the name Roca from the places and areas with which they have been honored.
Books
General Julio A. Roca and their campaigns in the Pampa, 1878-1879, by Robert Carter Burns (1960).
Carlos Pellegrini and the Crisis of the Argentine Elites, 1880-1916, by Douglas W. Richmond (1989).
Soy Roca, by Félix Luna (1989).
See also
History of Argentina
Conquest of the Desert
References
External links
Biography of Julio A. Roca in Spanish
Another biography of Julio A. Roca in Spanish
Roca y el mito del Genocidio, Juan José Cresto for La Nación, in Spanish
The first presidency of Roca in Spanish 1880-1886
Presidents of Argentina
1843 births
1914 deaths
Argentine military personnel of the Paraguayan War
Members of the Argentine Senate for Buenos Aires
Members of the Argentine Senate for Tucumán
Foreign ministers of Argentina
Defense ministers of Argentina
Argentine diplomats
Ambassadors of Argentina to Brazil
Argentine generals
Conquest of the Desert
Genocide perpetrators
People from San Miguel de Tucumán
Burials at La Recoleta Cemetery
National Autonomist Party politicians
20th-century Argentine politicians
Ministers of Internal Affairs of Argentina
Patrician families of Buenos Aires
Ivo Ištuk (born 18 November 1953) is a Bosnian professional football manager.  They are regarded as one of the most successful Bosnian football managers.
Managerial career
Bosna Visoko
Ištuk began their managerial career at Bosna Visoko. They managed Bosna from 1997 until the winter of 2000.  They are the club's most successful manager as they won the 1998–99 Bosnian Cup, 1999 Bosnian Supercup and led the team to the 1997–98 First League of Bosnia and Herzegovina group stage play-offs.
Brotnjo
In 2000, Ištuk became the new manager of Brotnjo as they replaced Blaž Slišković who left the position to become an assistant to Mišo Smajlović in the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
As the manager of Brotnjo, they led the club to win the 1999–2000 First League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Ištuk was adored by the fans while at the club. While they were the manager, Brotnjo was known as a club that played one of the most beautiful footballs in Bosnia and Herzegovina at the time. Ištuk left the club in the summer of 2001.
Široki Brijeg
In July 2002, Ištuk became the new manager of Široki Brijeg. While at Široki, they once again showed what a great manager they are as they won the 2003–04 Bosnian Premier League. In June 2004, they left Široki after not wanting to extend their contract.
Željezničar
In January 2005, Ištuk was named new manager of Željezničar. They left Željezničar after the club finished 2nd and qualified for the 2005–06 UEFA Cup qualifying rounds.
The reason for them leaving the club was the big financial issues Željezničar had at the time. Shortly after, Željezničar weren't eligible to compete in the UEFA Cup as it did not fulfill the criteria at the time.
Čelik Zenica
In June 2007, Ištuk became the new manager of Čelik Zenica. During the whole 2007–08 season, Čelik were one of the favourites to win the league. Ultimately they finished 3rd, qualifying for the 2008 UEFA Intertoto Cup First round.
On 28 October 2008, they were sacked after a poor start to the 2008–09 season.
Later career
After Čelik, Ištuk managed a number of other clubs. From January to May 2009, they managed Imotski in the Croatian 2. HNL, from June to August 2009 they once again managed Čelik, from May 2010 to March 2011 they again managed Široki Brijeg, from October 2011 to March 2012 they managed Rijka in the 1. HNL, from January to May 2013 Bosna Visoko again, from June to July 2014 Austrian club Hartberg, then on 2 occasions they managed Sloga Ljubuški, first from August to December 2015 and then from March to April 2016. For a short period in 2016, they also managed Čelik for a third time.
Most recently and for a third time in their career as well, Ištuk was manager of Bosna Visoko, getting appointed in April 2017. In the 2018−19 First League of FBiH season, Bosna under Ištuk's wing finished on last place in the league and got relegated for a third time in the club's history to the Second League of FBiH (Group Center). Shortly after getting relegated, in July 2019, they decided to leave Bosna alongside their whole coaching staff, after which former Bosna manager Faruk Dedić returned to the position of the club's manager.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Bosna Visoko
Bosnian Cup: 1998–99
Bosnian Supercup: 1999
Brotnjo
First League of Bosnia and Herzegovina: 1999–00
Široki Brijeg
Bosnian Premier League: 2003–04
References
External links
Ivo Ištuk at Soccerway
Ivo Ištuk profile at Eurosport
1953 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Livno
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
NK Bosna Visoko managers
NK Brotnjo managers
NK Široki Brijeg managers
FK Željezničar Sarajevo managers
NK Čelik Zenica managers
HNK Rijeka managers
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina managers
Croatian Football League managers
Expatriate football managers in Croatia
Expatriate football managers in Austria
A labyrinthectomy is a procedure used to decrease the function of the labyrinth of the inner ear. This can be done surgically or chemically. It may be done to treat Ménière's disease.
References
Ear
Diseases of inner ear
Neurological disorders
Denise Carol Goldsworthy (born 1964/1965) is an Australian business executive. After a 30-year career in the mining industry they opened Alternate Futures, a consultancy business, in 2013. They have also held a number of non-executive board and chairperson roles. In January 2022 they took over as fifth Chancellor of Edith Cowan University.
Career
Goldsworthy joined BHP Steel in 1982 and studied part-time at the University of Newcastle, graduating with a bachelor of metallurgy and University Medal in 1989. As well as formal learning, they were constantly learning on the job, working in 14 different jobs and being promoted to senior manager. They worked as principal consultant and then in general management roles at Hamersley Iron from 1998 to 2002.
In 2002 they joined Rio Tinto and filled a number of roles, including managing director of Dampier Salt and HIsmelt and, finally, chief commercial officer, Autonomous Haul Trucks.
Leaving Rio Tinto, they founded Alternate Futures, of which they are the managing principal, in October 2013.
Goldsworthy serves on a number of boards, including Western Power. As of 2021, they are chair of both ChemCentre WA and the Trustees of the Navy Clearance Divers' Trust (WA).
Previous board appointments include the Minerals Research Institute of WA (2016–2020), Export Finance Australia (2014–2020).
Goldsworthy has been a member of the Council of Edith Cowan University (ECU) since 2013. They were elected fifth Chancellor of ECU and took up their appointment in January 2022.
 They are a member of Chief Executive Women.
Honours and recognition
Goldsworthy was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in the 2020 Queen's Birthday Honours for "distinguished service to business, particularly to technological innovation and research in the mining and manufacturing sectors". In 2010 they were Telstra Australian Business Woman of the Year. They were inducted into the Western Australian Women's Hall of Fame and awarded the Alumni Award for National Leadership by the University of Newcastle in 2011. They were appointed Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering in 2013.
References
External links
Living people
University of Newcastle (Australia) alumni
Australian women business executives
21st-century Australian business persons
Officers of the Order of Australia
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Australian metallurgists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1964 Havering Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Romford and Hornchurch Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Havering by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 146 candidates stood in the election for the 55 seats being contested across 20 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 44 and 19 respectively. Other candidates included 24 Independents and 4 Communists. There were 15 three-seat wards and 5 two-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got 4 aldermen, the Conservatives 3 and Independents 2.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw no party gain overall control of the new council with Labour winning 27 and the Conservatives winning 16 of the 55 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 40.9%. This turnout included 713 postal votes.
|}
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Lysergic acid methyl ester is an analogue of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). It is a member of the tryptamine family and is extremely uncommon. It acts on the 5-HT receptors in the brain, as do most tryptamines.
References
External links
Preparation of lysergic acid esters
Process for the preparation of lysergic acid esters - Patent 4524208
Ergot alkaloids
Carboxylate esters
Methyl esters
Ryan James Anderson (born May 6, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Houston Rockets. They played college basketball for the California Golden Bears.
Anderson was selected with the 21st overall pick in the 2008 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets, who traded them to the Orlando Magic in June 2009. With the Magic, they received the NBA Most Improved Player Award in 2012. In July 2012, Anderson was traded to the New Orleans Hornets, who changed their name to the Pelicans in April 2013. In July 2016, they signed with the Houston Rockets as a free agent and was dealt to the Phoenix Suns in August 2018. Anderson was traded to the Miami Heat in February 2019 and returned to the Rockets in September of the same year before being waived two months later.
Early life
Anderson was born in Sacramento, California and attended Oak Ridge High School in nearby El Dorado Hills.
Their parents are Jack Anderson and Sue Anderson and they are very close to their grandparents.
High school career
In 2005, Anderson helped lead the Oak Ridge Trojans to the Division II California State Championship. The game was held at ARCO Arena in Sacramento. In the opening round of that playoff series, Anderson's No. 1 ranked team narrowly averted an upset against a John H. Pitman High School team led by Colin Kaepernick, who would later go on to become an NFL San Francisco 49ers quarterback. In that game, Kaepernick scored 34 points while Anderson scored 50.
Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Anderson was listed as the No. 22 power forward and the No. 98 player in the nation in 2006.
College career
Anderson played two seasons for the California Golden Bears at UC Berkeley, averaging 18.7 points and 9.0 rebounds in 33.0 minutes per game in 66 career games. As a first-year student in 2006–07, they led the Bears in scoring and rebounding, averaging 16.3 points and 8.2 rebounds, and earned Honorable Mention All-Pac-10 honors. They went on to be named Second Team All-America by The Sporting News and earned First Team All-Pac-10 honors as a sophomore in 2007–08. They led the Pac-10 in scoring, averaging 21.1 points (ranked 18th in nation) and ranked third in rebounding, pulling down 9.9 rebounds per game.
On April 3, 2008, Anderson declared for the NBA draft, forgoing their final two years of college eligibility.
Professional career
New Jersey Nets (2008–2009)
On June 26, 2008, Anderson was selected with the 21st overall pick in the 2008 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets. They made their NBA debut on October 29, 2008 against the Washington Wizards. They played in 66 games during their rookie campaign with New Jersey, averaging 7.4 points and 4.7 rebounds in 19.9 minutes per game, as they ranked 10th among all NBA rookies in three-point field-goal percentage (.365 – 69-of-189).
Orlando Magic (2009–2012)
On June 25, 2009, Anderson was traded, along with Vince Carter, to the Orlando Magic in exchange for Rafer Alston, Tony Battie and Courtney Lee. In 2009–10, they appeared in 63 games with Orlando, averaging 7.7 points and 3.2 rebounds in 14.5 minutes per game. They started in six games during the regular season, and played in a further nine playoff games.
In 2010–11, Anderson played in 64 games (14 starts) with Orlando, averaging 10.6 points and 5.5 rebounds in 22.3 minutes per game. During December 2010, they missed nine games due to a sprained right foot.
In the lockout-shortened 2011–12 season, Anderson won the NBA Most Improved Player Award after averaging 16.1 points and 7.7 rebounds in 61 games. They led the NBA in both three-point field goals made and attempted, while ranking seventh in free throw percentage, tied for 27th in three-point field goal percentage, ranking 29th in rebounding and 33rd in scoring.
New Orleans Hornets / Pelicans (2012–2016)
On July 11, 2012, Anderson was acquired by the New Orleans Hornets in a sign-and-trade deal that sent Gustavo Ayón to the Magic. During their first season for the Hornets in 2012–13, they appeared in 81 games (22 starts) and averaged 16.2 points, 6.4 rebounds and 1.2 assists per game. They finished second in the NBA with a career-high 213 three-point field goals made in 557 attempts (38.2%). In April 2013, the Hornets changed their name to the Pelicans.
On December 2, 2013, Anderson scored a career-high 36 points in a 131–128 triple overtime win over the Chicago Bulls. On January 3, 2014, Anderson suffered a neck injury colliding with Gerald Wallace in the Pelicans' 95–92 win over the Boston Celtics. Anderson, who had to be removed from the court on a stretcher, required neck surgery and was ruled out for the rest of the season in late March. They managed just 22 games in 2013–14, averaging 19.8 points and 6.5 rebounds per game.
On October 28, 2014, Anderson made their return for the Pelicans in their season-opening game against the Orlando Magic. In 22 minutes of action, they recorded 22 points and 9 rebounds off the bench in a 101–84 win. On February 22, 2015, they were ruled out for two to four weeks after being diagnosed with an MCL sprain in their right knee. They returned to action on April 1 and played out the regular season, and appeared in the team's four playoff games.
Anderson continued to be an effective role player off the bench for the Pelicans in 2015–16. On January 15, 2016, they scored a then season-high 32 points and hit six three-pointers in a 109–107 win over the Charlotte Hornets. On January 23, they scored 23 points and tied a season high with six three-pointers in a 116–99 win over the Milwaukee Bucks. In that game, the Pelicans hit a franchise-best 17 three-pointers. On January 28, they scored 30 of their career high-tying 36 points in the first half of the Pelicans' 114–105 win over the Sacramento Kings. Starting in just their seventh game of the season, at power forward in place of the injured Anthony Davis, Anderson's 30 first half points set a franchise record. After being diagnosed with a sports hernia in late March, Anderson missed the team's final 14 games of the season.
Houston Rockets (2016–2018)
On July 9, 2016, Anderson signed with the Houston Rockets. They made their debut for the Rockets in their season opener on October 26, recording 14 points and six rebounds in a 120–114 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. On December 1, they scored a season-high 29 points in a 132–127 double overtime win over the Golden State Warriors. On December 23, they set a new season high with 31 points in a 115–109 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.
During the 2017 offseason, the Rockets began working to move Anderson's large contract. To clear the way for a trade out of Houston during the 2018 offseason, Anderson agreed to reduce the guarantee on their $21 million salary in 2019–20 to $15.6 million.
Phoenix Suns (2018–2019)
On August 31, 2018, Anderson was traded alongside rookie guard De'Anthony Melton to the Phoenix Suns in exchange for Brandon Knight and Marquese Chriss.
Miami Heat (2019)
On February 6, 2019, Anderson was traded to the Miami Heat in exchange for Wayne Ellington and Tyler Johnson. On July 6, 2019, Anderson was waived by the Heat.
Return to Houston (2019)
On September 27, 2019, Anderson signed with the Houston Rockets, but was waived on November 18, 2019.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New Jersey
| 66 || 30 || 19.9 || .393 || .365 || .845 || 4.7 || .8 || .7 || .3 || 7.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Orlando
| 63 || 6 || 14.5 || .436 || .370 || .866 || 3.2 || .6 || .4 || .2 || 7.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Orlando
| 64 || 14 || 22.1 || .430 || .393 || .812 || 5.5 || .8 || .5 || .6 || 10.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Orlando
| 61 || 61 || 32.2 || .439 || .393 || .877 || 7.7 || .9 || .8 || .4 || 16.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New Orleans
| 81 || 22 || 30.9 || .423 || .382 || .844 || 6.4 || 1.2 || .5 || .4 || 16.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New Orleans
| 22 || 14 || 36.1 || .438 || .409 || .952 || 6.5 || .8 || .5 || .3 || 19.8
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New Orleans
| 61 || 5 || 27.5 || .399 || .340 || .854 || 4.8 || .9 || .5 || .3 || 13.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | New Orleans
| 66 || 7 || 30.4 || .427 || .366 || .873 || 6.0 || 1.1 || .6 || .4 || 17.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 72 || 72 || 29.4 || .419 || .404 || .860 || 4.6 || .9 || .4 || .2 || 13.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 66 || 50 || 26.1 || .431 || .386 || .774 || 5.0 || .9 || .4 || .3 || 9.3
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Phoenix
| 15 || 8 || 18.5 || .317 || .206 || .786 || 3.0 || 1.1 || .2 || .1 || 3.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Miami
| 10 || 0 || 4.4 || .222 || .333 || .500 || .9 || .2 || .1 || .0 || .7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 2 || 0 || 7.0 || .286 || .200 || – || 3.5 || 1.0 || .5 || .0 || 2.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| align="center" colspan="2"| Career
| 649 || 289 || 25.8 || .422 || .380 || .854 || 5.3 || .9 || .5 || .3 || 12.3
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Orlando
| 9 || 0 || 9.9 || .310 || .286 || 1.000 || 3.5 || .3 || .2 || .2 || 2.6
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Orlando
| 6 || 0 || 24.5 || .267 || .300 || 1.000 || 4.5 || .5 || .8 || .2 || 4.7
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Orlando
| 5 || 5 || 34.4 || .341 || .400 || .857 || 4.6 || .8 || .6 || .4 || 9.6
|-
| align="left" | 2015
| align="left" | New Orleans
| 4 || 0 || 23.8 || .444 || .417 || 1.000 || 4.3 || 2.3 || .0 || .5 || 10.8
|-
| align="left" | 2017
| align="left" | Houston
| 11 || 9 || 30.5 || .391 || .283 || .875 || 5.2 || .6 || .4 || .2 || 9.4
|-
| align="left" | 2018
| align="left" | Houston
| 11 || 0 || 8.6 || .350 || .333 || – || 1.2 || .5 || .3 || .1 || 1.7
|- class="sortbottom"
| align="center" colspan="2"| Career
| 46 || 14 || 20.3 || .363 || .325 || .917 || 3.7 || .7 || .4 || .2 || 5.7
Personal life
Anderson was in a relationship with former Bachelor contestant and model Gia Allemand, who committed suicide in August 2013. They and former teammate Anthony Davis took 75 underprivileged children on a shopping spree at Toys-R-Us in 2014, and they donated 2,000 Pelicans tickets in 2015. Anderson's favorite television show is Family Guy.
In 2017 they married Kari Klinkenborg who is an American actor and they have one child together.
See also
List of National Basketball Association career 3-point scoring leaders
References
External links
California Golden Bears bio
1988 births
Living people
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Sacramento, California
California Golden Bears men's basketball players
Houston Rockets players
Miami Heat players
New Jersey Nets draft picks
New Jersey Nets players
New Orleans Hornets players
New Orleans Pelicans players
Orlando Magic players
People from El Dorado Hills, California
Phoenix Suns players
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Sacramento County, California
ISO 3166-2:ES is the entry for Spain in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Spain, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for two levels of subdivisions:
17 autonomous communities and 2 autonomous cities in North Africa
50 provinces
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Spain. The second part is one or two letters. For the provinces, the letters were originally used in vehicle registration plates. The codes for the following provinces are based on the names of their capital cities rather than their own names:
Álava/Araba (): Vitoria
Asturias (): Oviedo
Illes Balears (): Palma
Cantabria (): Santander
Gipuzkoa (): San Sebastián
La Rioja (): Logroño
Las Palmas (): Las Palmas de Gran Canaria
Bizkaia (): Bilbao
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
ISO 639-1 codes are used to represent subdivision names in the following administrative languages:
(es): Spanish
(eu): Basque
(ca): Catalan
(gl): Galician
Except where noted, the names given are in Spanish (Castilian). In autonomous communities and provinces where any of the regional languages is the sole official language, the Spanish name is given in square brackets for information. In subdivisions where a regional language is official alongside Spanish, both names are listed vertically.
Autonomous communities; autonomous cities in Spain
Notes
Provinces
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
Special territories
The following two areas not covered by European Union Customs arrangements are also exceptionally reserved ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes on the request of the World Customs Organization:
Ceuta, Melilla
Canary Islands
However, these codes do not correspond in any way to the ISO 3166-2 codes of the territories.
See also
Subdivisions of Spain
FIPS region codes of Spain
NUTS codes of Spain
Neighbouring countries: AD, FR, GI, MA, PT.
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: ES
Provinces of Spain, Statoids.com
2:ES
ISO 3166-2
ISO 3166-2
Spain geography-related lists
The Swedish Rheumatism Association () is a non-profit organization working for people with rheumatic disorders. Rheumatism Association funds research in rheumatic diseases through Rheumatism Fund, which collects and administer gifts and donations from mainly private individuals. The Swedish Rheumatism Association has 200 local chapters, serviced by 24 regional branches. Rheumatism world is the association's own magazine in Swedish, published 6 times per year. It provides information about rheumatic diseases, coping strategies, health guides, exercise programs and news about scientific research for members of the association.
Similar organizations
Versus Arthritis - UK
Arthritis Foundation - USA
Arthritis Australia - Australia
The Arthritis Society - Canada
External links
Official website at reumatiker.se
References
Patients' organizations
Arthritis organizations
Medical and health organizations based in Sweden
HM Prison Winchester is a Category B men's prison, located in Winchester, Hampshire, England. The prison is operated by Their Majesty's Prison Service.
History
There has probably been a prison in Winchester, mainly known as Winchester gaol, since the thirteenth century.
A substantial part of the former County Gaol, rebuilt 1788 and 1803 of three storeys in Classical style, the predecessor of the present Winchester Prison and now converted to commercial use, survives in Jewry Street.
Winchester Prison was built between 1846 and 1850 to a Victorian radial design, with five 'spokes' radiating from a central hub carrying a turret prominent on the Winchester skyline. Four of these wings are now used for prisoner accommodation and one for administration. The prison occupies an elevated site in Romsey Road screened by a massive brick wall and bank. The central gatehouse was originally open to the street, but has been enclosed by the wall. The site contains the shell of the Victorian treadwheel house - a rare survivor.
Between 1900 and 1963, 16 male executions took place at the prison. The last was that of Dennis Whitty, convicted of capital murder at Cornwall Assizes, and hanged on 17 December 1963. The prison featured (as Wintoncester Prison) in Thomas Hardy's novel "Tess of the D'Urbervilles" as the site of Tess's execution although, in fact, no female has been executed at the present prison.
In 1995 serial killer Rosemary West, wife of Fred West, was held in Winchester on remand for the duration of their trial in Winchester Crown Court. Each day they were driven from their specially built unit within the male segregation block half a mile down the road to the court.
In December 2001, a convicted murderer escaped from Winchester Prison by scaling the wall. The prisoner went on the run after using a home-made handsaw to saw through the bars of their ground floor cell window. They then used a rope and grappling hook to scale the 30-feet wall of the prison. The prisoner was recaptured days later.
In August 2003, a Prison Reform Trust report stated that overcrowding at Winchester Prison was an ongoing problem. 54.7% of prisoners were sharing cells which were designed for one person. There had also been three suicides at the jail in the previous year.
In April 2005, an inspection report from Them Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that Winchester Prison was overcrowded and prisoners did not have enough work to do. The report also said that vulnerable inmates were not well protected and relations between staff and prisoners were not good. However, the report praised prisoner resettlement and improvements in healthcare at the jail.
The Inspectorate was still dissatisfied with Winchester at their inspection in 2010, stating that staff were unnecessarily rude and that prisoners spent too long in their cells with nothing to do. The team was especially critical of the discrimination that occurred between the West Hill annexe and the main prison in terms of employment and purposeful activity.
The prison today
Winchester is a Category B prison for adult males which also houses young offenders aged over 18. The prison is currently undergoing major refurbishment with a build programme lasting 5 years. Work already completed includes changes to the health care, first night and detoxification centres, as well as a new electrical system, renewal of the fire and general alarms, a new visits complex and pedestrian access at the main gate. The rebuilding of C wing, that was suffering from age decay, was completed in 2008 and the first prisoners were moved into the new cells in October 2008.
The Prison has 4 wings. The first being "A" Wing that was supposed to house induction inmates for their 1st night but has since turned into a permanent wing. "B" Wing is the biggest wing which is mainly there for remanded prisoners. "C" wing is the drug detox wing and houses prisoners that are there with drug issues mainly. "D" is the vulnerable prisoner wing and houses prisoners that are a threat to themselves or in fear of attack from other prisoners. E wing is used for offices. There is a category C offshoot called "Westhill" which has 3 wings. "Alfred", "Temple" and "Wykeham". There is also a D Cat offshoot called "The Herne" which has 40 cells all single.
By December 2010, the Prison offered a limited selection of Freeview channels to all cells.
The Regime at HMP Winchester claims to deliver an average of 22 hours of Purposeful Activity per prisoner per week. However, this is regularly disputed by inspection reports and prisoners themselves.
Education at the prison is provided through Milton Keynes College, and is available irrespective of academic ability, but only limited courses are available to prisoners segregated under Prison Rule 45. Other facilities include a prison gym.
There have been many deaths in Winchester Prison. Daryl Hargrave aged 22 hanged themselves in Winchester Prison on 19 July 2015, a day after another prisoner at the jail took their life. The inquest into Hargrave's death found adequate mental health care had not been provided, despite repeated warnings Hargrave was risk of self harm. Hargrave had repeatedly self-harmed and attempted suicide and suffered mental health problems from a young age. In the days before their death Hargrave was clearly psychotic and told staff they planned to harm themselves according to lawyers. The day before their suicide, Hargrave cut themselves and told a nurse they were 'ground down by voices telling them to kill himself.' The nurse asked for them to be moved to an observation cell and put on constant watch. The prison's two observation cells were in use and Hargrave was instead put in a corner cell which one nurse described as the "worst place to put someone who was suicidal, as it was out of sight, out of mind". Consultant forensic psychiatrist, Dr Dinesh Maganty, said Hargrave showed clear evidence of psychosis and a GP or psychiatrist should have seen them urgently. Maganty said Hargrave should have received medication to help with anxiety and agitation due to their psychosis and criticised failure to provide it. The governor told the jury in 2015, just 41% of staff were sufficiently trained in suicide and self-harm prevention. This has now risen to 61% but progress was slow as because of 'resourcing issues' and the governor accepted this is not good enough. A coroner found neglect contributed to Daryl Hargrave's death. A prison inspection found the prison was, "insufficiently safe" and anti-bullying measures were ineffective.
Many prisoners spend just 45 minutes a day out of their cells. There is weak support for prisoners at risk of self harm and there have been five suicides since the last inspection in 2014. New prisoners are reasonably well treated, initiatives to prevent violence are good and the prison is making progress in many areas. However limits to time out of cells reduces the good the prison can do. After a prisoner took their own life in September 2016 there were complaints over lack of suicide prevention training among the staff.
Notable former inmates
All but one of the Richmond Sixteen, First World War "absolutist" conscientious objectors
Dennis Whitty
Basil Bunting
Keith Mann
Rosemary West
Stephen Nicholson: Currently convicted for the murder of Lucy McHugh and 3 counts of child rape and serving life with the possibility of 33 years
Bob Higgins: Former football coach with Southampton F.C. Implicated in the 2016 United Kingdom football sexual abuse scandal - held on remand at HMP Winchester until sentencing. Currently imprisoned at HMP Wakefield in Yorkshire.
In popular culture
The prison featured (as Wintoncester Prison) in Thomas Hardy's novel Tess of the D'Urbervilles.
The prison appeared in the 1971 Stanley Kubrick film A Clockwork Orange, as it was used for location shooting, as well as an aerial shot.
The prison appeared in the 2019 Channel 4 programme 'Crime and Punishment' with the first episode broadcast on 16 September, and subsequent episodes being broadcast at 9pm each Monday.
References
External links
History of Winchester Prison from theprison.org.uk
Winchester
Winchester
Buildings and structures in Winchester
19th-century establishments in England
Winchester
GHH may refer to:
Garhi Harsaru Junction railway station, in Haryana, India
Ghale language
Glasgow Homeopathic Hospital, in Scotland
Greenwood–Hercowitz–Huffman preferences
Gutehoffnungshütte, a German manufacturing company
Balagtasan is a Filipino form of debate done in verse. Derived from the name of Francisco Balagtas, this art presents a type of literature in which thoughts or reasoning are expressed through speech.
The first balagtasan took place in the Philippines on April 6, 1924 created by groups of writers to commemorate the birth of Francisco Balagtas. They made the first balagtasan with three sets of poets presenting a scripted defense. They based the form on earlier types of debates that also used poetic elements such as karagatan, huwego de prenda and, duplo.
Balagtasan is participated by two or more protagonists who engaged in a debate on a selected subject. Each protagonist is to express their views in verse and with rhyming. Refutations shall also be done in the same manner. A judge, known as the lakandiwa if male or lakambini if female, will decide the winner of the balagtasan. The judge shall also announce the winner in verse and with rhyming. The participants are also expected to impress before a watching audience. This is enlightened by the expression of poetic arguments but it can also provide entertainment through humor, extraordinary wit, and quasi-theatrical and dramatic expression.
History
On March 28, 1924, five days before Balagtas' birthday, some writers met up at the Instituto de Mujeres, Tayuman Street, Tondo, Manila, Philippines to prepare for the celebration of Balagtas Day on April 2, 1925. That building was the office of Rosa Sevilla, a well-known writer. There they created the concept of the balagtasan with some suggesting a modern duplo.
On April 6, 1924, the first balagtasan took place at the Instituto de Mujeres. The event was held at the Instituto de Mujeres (Women's Institute) as part of the celebration of Francisco Balagtas' birth anniversary. The two protagonists of the poetic debate were poets José Corazón de Jesús and Florentino Collantes.
Due to the successful public reception of De Jesus and Collantes, the organizer prepared several more balagtasans involving the two. Because of the ingenuity of the two, they prepared a balagtasan without a script on October 18, 1925 at the Olympic Stadium in Manila to test them even further. Their topic during the balagtasan was "The Filipina Girl: Then and Now." De Jesus took the side of women in the past while Collantes chose women today. At the end of the balagtasan, De Jesus won and was crowned the first "Hari ng Balagtasan" (King of the Balagtasan).
After the performance of De Jesus and Collantes in 1925 until the end of World War II, the verbal joust became popular among both the masses, intellectuals, and poets coveted the title of "Hari ng Balagtasan". This led to the adaptation of similar literary forms such as the bukanegan by the Ilocanos named after the father of Iloko literature, Pedro Bukaneg. Filipino poets in the Spanish language, specifically Jesus Balmori and Manuel Bernabe, also engaged in balagtasan competitions, and their poetic jousts featured and immortalized in the book with the title Balagtasan: Justa Poetica (1927), with a prologue written by Teodoro Kalaw. Balagtasan saw a significant decline after the death of de Jesus in 1932.
References
External links
Balagtasan (justa poética) / Jesús Balmori y Manuel Bernabé
Philippine poetry
Debate types
The 4th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C. on May 23, 1928, hosted by the Louisville Courier-Journal. Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 13-year-old eighth-grader Betty Robinson of South Bend, Indiana (who took 2nd place in the 1926 bee), correctly spelling the word knack, followed by albumen. Pauline Gray, 13, of West Salem, Ohio placed second (she spelled knack as "nack"), followed by Bessie Doig, 11, of Detroit in third, who faltered on "bacillus". Just before winning, Robinson had misspelled "campanile" as "campanele", but Gray also misspelled it, exactly the same way. The first student eliminated of the 23 contestants this year misspelled "magic" as "majic". Other words which spellers stumbled on included "occurred", "middy", "saxophone", "gist", "valet", "illusion", "aberration", "charivari", "counsellor", "clarivoyance", "clientele". Winner Robinson told the judges that "counsellor" could be spelled three ways, and correctly did so.
There were 23 contestants this year, made up of 17 girls and 6 boys. The first place award was $1000, with second at $500 at third at $200. Every entrant won at least $25 in gold.
References
External links
Photograph of President Calvin Coolidge with spellers, Library of Congress
04
1928 in Washington, D.C.
1928 in education
May 1928 events
Sonia Hicks is a British Methodist minister who was elected to serve as President of the Methodist Conference from June 2021 to June 2022.
Personal life and education
They worked as a bank clerk for four years before training at the Queen's Foundation, Birmingham. Hicks is married to Conrad Hicks, a Methodist minister. They have three children.
Ministry
After they were ordained, they and their husband both were in the High Wycombe circuit for two years and then the Watford circuit for the following by four years. In 1998 they both moved to Jamaica where they were superintendent of the Manchioneal circuit for five years. They then moved to the Dublin North circuit in the Republic of Ireland for nine years. In 2012 they returned to the UK and joined the Thames Valley circuit where they are the superintendent minister with pastoral charge of three churches.
Hicks has been circuit superintendent in Britain, the Methodist Church in the Caribbean and the Americas, and the Methodist Church in Ireland. They have been a trustee for charities such as Christian Aid Ireland and also served on committees within the organisation of the church.
In their ministry they celebrate diversity and is opposed to all forms of injustice.
In 2020 they were elected to the annual post as president of the Methodist Conference from June 2021 until June 2022. In their inaugural address in June 2021, they spoke about how the church should respond to racism and social division, both within the church and in wider society and how these tensions should be acknowledged as well as countered.
During their presidency the Methodist Church voted to change the definition of marriage to be "a lifelong union in body, mind and spirit of two people who freely enter it". This allowed the church to celebrate and recognise the commitment of unmarried cohabiting couples as well as allow weddings between people of the same sex to be conducted. Ministers will be able to opt out of officiating at these weddings through a conscience clause.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the Queen's Foundation
English Methodist ministers
Presidents of the Methodist Conference
On Such a Night is a 1955 British short semi-documentary film directed by Anthony Asquith which offers a snap-shot of the Glyndebourne opera house in the 1950s, including extracts from Le nozze di Figaro, and a fictional first visit to the opera house by an American. The film was "very discreetly aimed at potential American audiences fascinated by British eccentricities".
Background
It was filmed at Pinewood Studios and Lewes railway station on 28 May to 12 June 1955, with the operatic excerpts on 6 June 1955. After a private viewing on 25 October that year, the first public showing was on 24 November 1955 at the Gaumont Haymarket cinema, London, on a bill with Simon and Laura.
Synopsis
An American tourist (David Knight) has been persuaded by to visit Alfriston but is bemused by what they witness at Victoria Station when people in evening dress join their train. After a confusing journey in a compartment with two men talking about a new countess, they alight at Lewes and is more baffled still when the formally dressed people get on a Southdown bus waiting there. They get in a taxi and asks the driver to follow the bus. Arriving at the entrance of Glyndebourne, they explain to an upper-class lady (Marie Lohr) they had noticed at Victoria Station who is with their niece (Josephine Griffin) that they do not have a ticket, at which they ask John Christie who sees that they get one.
During the performance they watch Sesto Bruscantini sing "Non più andrai" and Sena Jurinac (the "new Countess") sing "Porgi, amor". The end of the second-act finale is shown, with Franco Calabrese, Monica Sinclair, Hugues Cuénod and Ian Wallace, and the very end of the opera. There is also a scene of Carl Ebert rehearsing Jurinac and Rizzieri and of the conductor Vittorio Gui and the administrator Moran Caplat, and the orchestra playing croquet. The film ends with the lady giving the American their ticket for Don Giovanni the following week so that they can come with their niece.
Cast
David Knight as David Cornell
Marie Lohr as Lady Falconbridge
Josephine Griffin as Virginia Ridley
Allan Cuthbertson as 1st gentleman
Peter Jones as 2nd gentleman
In the opera extracts:
Sesto Bruscantini as Figaro
as Susanna
Ian Wallace as Dr Bartolo
Monica Sinclair as Marcellina
Frances Bible as Cherubino
Franco Calabrese as Count Almaviva
Hugues Cuénod as Don Basilio
Sena Jurinac as Countess Almaviva
Gwyn Griffiths as Antonio
Jeannette Sinclair as Barbarina
Daniel McCoshan as Don Curzio
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra is conducted by Vittorio Gui, and the film was issued on DVD in 2010, using a print from the BFI National Archive.
References
External links
1955 films
British short films
Films directed by Anthony Asquith
Films with screenplays by Paul Dehn
Films about opera
Films shot in East Sussex
The 2008 Shakey's V-League (SVL) season was the fifth season of the Shakey's V-League. There were two indoor conferences for this season.
1st Conference
The Shakey's V-League 5th Season 1st Conference was the seventh conference of Shakey's V-League, a collegiate women's volleyball league in the Philippines founded in 2004. The conference started March 30, 2008 at the Filoil Flying V Centre (formerly The Arena), San Juan.
Participating teams
Preliminary round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
|}
Match results
All times are in Philippines Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
|}
Finals
3rd place
|}
Championship
|}
Final standings
Individual awards
2nd Conference
Participating teams
Preliminary round
Final round
All series are best-of-3
Final standings
Individual awards
References
2008 in Philippine sport
The 2020 United States presidential straw poll in Guam was held on November 3, 2020. Guam is a territory and not a state. Thus, it is ineligible to elect members of the Electoral College, who would then in turn cast direct electoral votes for president and for vice president. To draw attention to this fact, the territory conducts a non-binding presidential straw poll during the general election as if they did elect members to the Electoral College.
The territory still participated in the U.S. presidential caucuses and primaries like the other states and territories.
Democratic Party nominee Joe Biden won the poll with 55% of the vote.
Results
Though the votes of Guam residents do not count in the November general election, the territory nonetheless conducts a presidential straw poll to gauge islanders' preference for president every election year. The poll has been held in Guam during every presidential election since 1980.
See also
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Guam presidential caucuses
References
Guam
2020
2020 Guam elections
The 2020 Wyoming Democratic presidential caucuses had been scheduled to take place on April 4, 2020, in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. However, the in-person caucus was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic, while mail-in voting was extended to April 17, 2020.
The Wyoming caucuses were a closed caucus, with the state awarding 18 delegates, of which 14 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the caucuses. Voters cast ranked choice voting ballots, with a voter's ballot counting for a backup ranked choice if their first choice was in last place and below the 15 percent threshold for winning delegates. Joe Biden won the primary, taking 72.2% of the vote after the distribution of preferences compared to Bernie Sanders' 27.8%.
Procedure
The Wyoming Democratic Party published its final approved delegate selection plan on October 9, 2019, outlining that April 4 would be the first determining date for its party-run 2020 caucuses (along with the Alaska primary on the same day), which should be decided throughout the process by Ranked-Choice votes. Only registered Democrats (defined as all persons residing in the county and registered to vote as Democrats at least by March 20) were able to vote in the election, and they could have either chosen to vote: by mail (originally from January 30 to March 20), at the voter station of their county on March 28, or at the caucus event itself on April 4. Voters who wished to participate in the Caucus event on April 4 and cast their vote by a specifically marked "Caucus Day Ballot" would not have been eligible to do so if they prior to the event had voted by mail or at a voter station. Instead, all voting had to occur by mail, and ballots received by April 17 were counted.
County caucuses would have begun across the state at 11:00 a.m. on April 4. In the closed caucuses, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15 percent statewide in order to be considered viable. The 14 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the caucus. Originally planned with 13 delegates, the final number included a 10% bonus of 1 additional delegate by the Democratic National Committee due to the April date, which belonged to Stage II on the primary timetable. Of the original 13 delegates, 8 district delegates would have corresponded to the result of the statewide vote (coterminous with Wyoming's sole congressional district) and another 2 were allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 3 at-large pledged delegates, both also according to the statewide result. However, instead of applying the typical divide between district and statewide delegates, 12 of the state's 14 pledged delegates were all pooled as statewide at-large delegates, in addition to the 2 statewide PLEO delegates.
The caucuses would also have designated delegates to the state convention expected in June 2020, where all pledged delegates should have been chosen. The 14 pledged delegates Wyoming sent to the national convention were joined by 4 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee).
Candidates
The following individuals appeared on the ballot in Wyoming:
Running
Joe Biden
Withdrawn
Michael Bloomberg
Pete Buttigieg
Tulsi Gabbard
Amy Klobuchar
Bernie Sanders
Tom Steyer
Elizabeth Warren
There was also an "undeclared" option.
Results
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Wyoming Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
Wyoming Democratic
Democratic caucus
2020
Wyoming Democratic
Carenum adelaidae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Blackburn in 1888.
References
acutipes
Beetles described in 1888
Mobility Worldwide is a faith-based, volunteer-driven, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
PET is an acronym for the Personal Energy Transportation, a vehicle that the group constructs and distributes at no cost to provide the gift of mobility to disabled children and adults worldwide. PET International, Inc. began doing business as Mobility Worldwide in August 2016 and began using the name Mobility Cart for the vehicle. Since 1994, over 80,000 Mobility Carts have been built and distributed by over 70 distribution partners.
History
PET grew out of a 1994 trip by Methodist missionary Reverend Larry Hills to Zaire, where they first recognized the need for the device when they encountered survivors of polio and landmines who could not walk but could not use wheelchairs in their rural environments. Hills and their wife Laura spoke with Reverend Mel West about a modified wheelchair that might serve, hand-cranked with three wheels. During 1995, West involved product designer Earl Miner in producing a prototype built with an eye to sturdiness, simplicity and cost effectiveness. In 1996, four prototypes were put to the test in Zaire. Based on their performance, PETs went into production and shipped for distribution in Zaire.
The following year, PET production began to expand into other countries, beginning with Mozambique. In 2000, to meet growing demand, West opened a facility in Columbia, Missouri which serves to receive donated parts, to assemble PETs and ship them internationally. A second US facility was opened in Penney Farms, Florida USA (near Jacksonville, Florida) by the Hills that same year. In 2003, a third facility was established in Luling, Texas.
In 2004, to help manage the growth and production of PETs, Pet International was incorporated, with a Board of Trustees and staff to help manage all issues related to assembling and distributing PETs. The cost of the components for a PET is roughly $300.
Countries
PET carts have been shipped to Afghanistan,
Afghanistan, Argentina, Armenia, Angola, Bahamas, Bangladesh, Belize, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia, Botswana, Brasil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Chad, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Democratic Republic of Congo, Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Gabon, Gambia, Gaza, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Honduras, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Ivory Coast, Jamaica, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Latvia, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritius, Mexico, Micronesia, Moldova, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, North Korea, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Republic of Congo, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Samoa, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sri Lanka, Republic of South Sudan, Swaziland, Syria, Tajikistan, Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad, Turkey, Uzbekistan, Uganda, Ukraine, Uruguay, Vanuatu, Vietnam, West Bank, Western Sahara, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
References
External links
Mobility Worldwide Web site
Mobility Worldwide Affiliates (production sites)
Charities based in the United States
Wheelchair organizations
Organizations established in 1995
Disability organizations based in the United States
Lindiwe Christabola Bebee is a South African politician. They have been serving as a permanent delegate to the National Council of Provinces since May 2019. A member of the African National Congress, they are the whip of the KwaZulu-Natal provincial delegation. From May 2009 to May 2019, Bebee served as a Member of the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature.
Political career
From 2009 to 2019, Bebee served as a Member of the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature for the African National Congress.
Parliamentary career
Bebee was elected to the National Council of Provinces following the 8 May 2019 general election. They were sworn in as an MP on 23 May 2019. Bebee was appointed whip of the KwaZulu-Natal provincial delegation. On 24 June, they were given their committee assignments. They were appointed to the Joint Standing Committee on Intelligence in November 2019.
Committee assignments
Joint Standing Committee on Intelligence
Select Committee on Appropriations
Select Committee on Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Water and Sanitation and Human Settlements
Select Committee on Finance
Select Committee on Land Reform, Environment, Mineral Resources and Energy
Select Committee on Petitions and Executive Undertakings
Select Committee on Public Enterprises and Communication
Select Committee on Security and Justice
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zulu people
People from KwaZulu-Natal
21st-century South African politicians
21st-century South African women politicians
Members of the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature
Members of the National Council of Provinces
Women members of the National Council of Provinces
Ragnvald Sigurdsson (c. 750 – after 814) was a semi-legendary lord of Huseby, in Lista (modern Norway).
 They are best known for the marriage of their daughter, Gunnhild Ragnvaldsdatter, to Harald Granraude, king of Agder. Ragnvald also had a son, Olve Ragnvaldsson.
Ragnvald is not mentioned in accounts of events after 814, when Harald Granraude was killed by Gudrød the Hunter.
Haraldr Hárfagri ("Harald Fair-hair"; c. 850 – c. 932), who has usually been regarded as the first King of Norway, was a great-great-grandson of Ragnvald Sigurdsson, a great-grandson of Harald Granraude and a grandson of Gudrød the Hunter.
See also
Heimskringla
750s births
Year of death unknown
People from Vest-Agder
Hunt Lowry (born in Oklahoma) is an American film and TV producer, who has been involved with film production since the 1980s.  They are the president and CEO of Roserock Films, a Warner Brothers in-house studio. They were also key to facilitating the development of Warner Bros. World Abu Dhabi. They initially came to Los Angeles visiting a brother, but stayed and launched their production career.  They are a graduate of the Casady School.  They are the brother of Dick Lowry.
Production credits
Humanoids from the Deep, (1980, co-producer)
Airplane!, (1980, associate)
Rascals and Robbers: The Secret Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, (1982, executive)
Get Crazy, (1983)
Top Secret!, (1984)
Their Mistress, (1984)
Surviving, (1985)
Wild Horses, (1985)
Dream West, (1986)
Baja Oklahoma, (1988, executive)
Wildfire, (1988, executive)
Revenge, (1990)
Career Opportunities, (1991)
Only the Lonely, (1991)
The Last of the Mohicans, (1992)
Striking Distance, (1993)
My Life, (1993)
First Knight, (1995)
A Time to Kill, (1996)
Rock City Limits, (1998)
Disney's The Kid, (2000)
L.A. Models, (2000)
Donnie Darko, (2001, executive)
Hounded, (2001, executive)
A Walk to Remember, (2002)
Welcome to Collinwood, (2002, executive)
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, (2002)
White Oleander, (2002)
Cypher, (2002)
Blue Collar Comedy Tour: The Movie, (2003)
What a Girl Wants, (2003)
Grind, (2003)
A Cinderella Story, (2004)
Duma, (2005)
Thou Shalt Laugh, (2006)
Thou Shalt Laugh the Deuce, (2007)
Shorts, (2009)
Thou Shalt Laugh 3, (2009)
Thou Shalt Laugh 4, (2010)
Pure Country 2: The Gift, (2010)
Flight 7500, (2014)
Pure Country: Pure Heart, (2017)
Deep Blue Sea 3, (2020)
Eraser: Reborn'' (2022)
References
American film producers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Jeff Williams is an American business person and a politician. They were the 30th mayor of Arlington, Texas, having been elected in 2015 after defeating incumbent Robert Cluck. They were last re-elected in 2019, serving until June 2021.
Political career
Williams was elected to the office of Mayor of Arlington on May 9, 2015. They went on to serve two consecutive terms.
Williams led two bond elections and served on the City of Arlington's City Comprehensive Planning Committee. They have volunteered on community organization, such as YMCA, PTA, Salvation Army and Mission Arlington.
They also served as chairperson of the Tarrant Regional Transportation Coalition, which focused on improving mobility to expand the technology used for the movement of goods. In February 2021, this coalition tested drones for package delivery.
During their tenure, WrestleMania 32, the 2020 World Series, and the 2020 National Finals Rodeo were all held in Arlington. Amazon also opened a new delivery station in Arlington in 2021.
Mr. Williams served as chairperson of the prestigious Metro Economies Committee of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in 2021. They also served as Chairman of the Big City Mayors of Texas (15 largest cities of Texas)
Professional career
Williams is president of Arlington-based Graham Associates Inc., a civil engineering firm. In this role, they have contributed to projects including AT&T Stadium, The I.H. 30, Globe Life Park, River Legacy Living Science Center, The Parks Mall, the Viridian Development and The Richard Green Linear Park.
Awards and recognition
Williams was presented with the State of Texas Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement Award in 2009. They were also inducted into Texas Tech University's Civil Engineering Academy for Engineering Excellence.
In addition to these professional awards, Williams earned the sixth annual Dream Builder award, presented by Texas Trust Credit Union. They were also recognized with the Vandergriff Community Leadership Award.
See also
List of mayors of the 50 largest cities in the United States
2015 Arlington mayoral election
2017 Arlington mayoral election
2019 Arlington mayoral election
References
External links
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Mayors of Arlington, Texas
Texas Republicans
Texas Tech University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Granite Springs may refer to:
Granite Springs, California, in Mariposa County
Granite Springs, California, former name of Coso (former settlement), California, in Inyo County
Granite Springs, New York
Granite Springs Valley (Nevada), a Great Basin watershed
Granite Springs, Virginia, in Spotsylvania County
WFLK is a classic hits music formatted radio station licensed to Seneca Falls, New York. They are on the radio at 99.3 FM throughout the Finger Lakes.
On September 1, 2016, WLLW and its classic rock format moved to 101.7 FM Geneva, New York, replacing country-formatted WFLK. The 99.3 FM frequency picked up the WFLK calls and switched to a classic hits format, branded as "Classic Hits 99.3" at 5p.m. on September 2.
Former WLLW Programming
The Bob and Tom Show
Ken Paradise
Jeff Michaels
In the Studio (radio show)
The House Of Hair
Floydian Slip.
Previous logo
References
External links
WFLK Official Website
Radio Station Info for WLLW FM
FLK
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1968
Gerardus "Gé" Regter (March 6, 1916 in Rotterdam – August 4, 1987 in The Hague) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played all seven matches.
References
1916 births
1987 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Rotterdam
In grammar, the term particle (abbreviated ) has a traditional meaning, as a part of speech that cannot be inflected, and a modern meaning, as a function word associated with another word or phrase, generally in order to impart meaning. Although a particle may have an intrinsic meaning, and indeed may fit into other grammatical categories, the fundamental idea of the particle is to add context to the sentence, expressing a mood or indicating a specific action. In English, for instance, the phrase "oh well" has no purpose in speech other than to convey a mood. The word 'up' would be a particle in the phrase to 'look up' (as in the phrase "look up this topic"), implying that one researches something, rather than literally gazing skywards. Many languages use particles, in varying amounts and for varying reasons. In Hindi, for instance, they may be used as honorifics, or to indicate emphasis or negation. In some languages they are more clearly defined, such as Chinese, which has three types of zhùcí (助詞; particles): Structural, Aspectual, and Modal. Structural particles are used for grammatical relations. Aspectual particles signal grammatical aspects. Modal particles express linguistic modality. Polynesian languages, which are almost devoid of inflection, use particles extensively to indicate mood, tense, and case.
Modern meaning
Particles are typically words that encode grammatical categories (such as negation, mood, tense, or case), clitics, fillers or (oral) discourse markers such as well, um, etc. Particles are never inflected.
Related concepts and ambiguities
Depending on context, the meaning of the term may overlap with concepts such as morpheme, marker, or even adverb as in English phrasal verbs such as out in get out. Under a strict definition, in which a particle must be uninflected, English deictics like this and that would not be classed as such (since they have plurals and are therefore inflected), and neither would Romance articles (since they are inflected for number and gender).
This assumes that any function word incapable of inflection is by definition a particle. However, this conflicts with the above statement that particles have no specific lexical function , since non-inflecting words that function as articles, prepositions, conjunctions, interjections have a clear lexical function. This disappears if particles are taken to be a separate class of words, where one characteristic (which they share with some words of other classes) is that they do not inflect.
In English
Particle is a somewhat nebulous term for a variety of small words that do not conveniently fit into other classes of words. The Concise Oxford Companion to the English Language defines a particle as a "word that does not change its form through inflection and does not fit easily into the established system of parts of speech". The term includes the "adverbial particles" like up or out in verbal idioms (phrasal verbs) such as "look up" or "knock out"; it also includes the "infinitival particle" to, the "negative particle" not, the "imperative particles" do and let, and sometimes "pragmatic particles" (also called "fillers" or "discourse markers") like oh and well.
In other languages
Afrikaans
The following particles can be considered the most prominent in Afrikaans:
nie2: Afrikaans has a double negation system, as in Sy is nie1 moeg nie2 'She is not tired PTCL.NEG' (meaning 'She is not tired'). The first nie1 is analysed as an adverb, while the second nie2 as a negation particle.
te: Infinitive verbs are preceded by the complementiser om and the infinitival particle te, e.g. Jy moet onthou om te eet 'You must remember for COMP PTCL.INF eat' (meaning 'You must remember to eat').
se or van: Both se and van are genitive particles, e.g. Peter se boek 'Peter PTCL.GEN book' (meaning 'Peter's book'), or die boek van Peter 'the book PTCL.GEN Peter' (meaning 'Peter's book').
so and soos: These two particles are found in constructions like so groot soos 'n huis 'PTCL.CMPR big PTCL.CMPR a house' (meaning 'as big as a house').
Arabic
Particles in Arabic can take the form of a single root letter before a given word, like "-و" (and), "-ف" (so) and "-ل" (to). However, other particles like "هل" (which marks a question) can be complete words as well.
Chinese
There are three types of zhùcí (助詞; particles) in Chinese: Structural, Aspectual, and Modal. Structural particles are used for grammatical relations. Aspectual particles signal grammatical aspects. Modal particles express linguistic modality. Note that particles are different from zhùdòngcí (助動詞; modal verbs) in Chinese.
Hindi
There are different types of particles present in Hindi. Emphatic particles, limiter particles, negation particles, affirmative particles, honorific particles, topic-marker particle and case-marking particles. Some common particles of Hindi are mentioned in the table below:
German
A German modal particle serves no necessary syntactical function, but expresses the speaker's attitude towards the utterance. Modal particles include ja, halt, doch, aber, denn, schon and others. Some of these also appear in non-particle forms. Aber, for example, is also the conjunction but. In Er ist Amerikaner, aber er spricht gut Deutsch, "He is American, but they speak German well," aber is a conjunction connecting two sentences. But in Er spricht aber gut Deutsch!, the aber is a particle, with the sentence perhaps best translated as "What good German they speak!" These particles are common in speech but rarely found in written language, except that which has a spoken quality (such as online messaging).
Turkish
Turkish particles have no meaning alone; among other words, it takes part in the sentence. In some sources, exclamations and conjunctions are also considered Turkish particles. In this article, exclamations and conjunctions will not be dealt with, but only Turkish particles. The main particles used in Turkish are:
ancak
başka, another
beri, since
bir, one
bir tek, only
dair, regarding
doğru, right
değil, not
değin, mention
denli, as much
dek, until
dolayı, due
diye, so
evvel, before
gayri, informal
gibi, like
göre, by
için, for
ile, with
kadar, until
karşı, against
karşın, although or despite
mukabil, corresponding
önce, prior to
ötürü, due to
öte, beyond
rağmen, despite
sadece, only
sanki, as if
sonra, then
sıra, row
üzere, to
yalnız, alone
Particles can be used with the simple form of the names to which they are attached or in other cases. Some of the particles uses with attached form, and some particles are always used after the relevant form. For examples, "-den ötürü", "-e dek", "-den öte", "-e doğru":
Bu çiçekleri annem için alıyorum. ("anne" is nominative)
Yarına kadar bu ödevi bitirmem lazım. (dative)
Düşük notlarından ötürü çok çalışman gerekiyor. (ablative)
Turkish particles according to their functions. Başka, gayrı, özge used for other, another, otherwise, new, diverse, either
Senden gayrı kimsem yok. No one other than you.
Yardım istemekten başka çaremiz kalmadı. We have no choice but to ask for help.
Göre, nazaran, dâir, rağmen used for by, in comparison, about, despite.
Çok çalışmama rağmen sınavda hedeflediğim başarıyı yakalayamadım.
Duyduğuma göre bitirme sınavları bir hafta erken gerçekleşecekmiş.
Şirketteki son değişikliklere dâir bilgi almak istiyorum.
İçin, üzere, dolayı, ötürü, nâşi, diye used for for, with, because, because of, how.
Açılış konuşmasını yapmak üzere kürsüye çıktı.
Bu raporu bitirebilmek için zamana ihtiyacım var.
Kardeşim hastalığından nâşi gelemedi.
Japanese and Korean
The term particle is often used in descriptions of Japanese and Korean, where they are used to marking nouns according to their grammatical case or thematic relation in a sentence or clause. Linguistic analyses describe them as suffixes, clitics, or postpositions. There are sentence-tagging particles such as Japanese and Chinese question markers.
Polynesian languages
Polynesian languages are almost devoid of inflection, and use particles extensively to indicate mood, tense, and case. Suggs, discussing the deciphering of the rongorongo script of Easter Island, describes them as all-important. In Māori for example, the versatile particle "e" can signal the imperative mood, the vocative case, the future tense, or the subject of a sentence formed with most passive verbs. The particle "i" signals the past imperfect tense, the object of a transitive verb or the subject of a sentence formed with "neuter verbs" (a form of passive verb), as well as the prepositions in, at and from.
Tokelauan
In Tokelauan, ia is used when describing personal names, month names, and nouns used to describe a collaborative group of people participating in something together. It also can be used when a verb does not directly precede a pronoun to describe said pronouns. Its use for pronouns is optional but mostly in this way. Ia cannot be used if the noun it is describing follows any of the prepositions e, o, a, or ko. A couple of the other ways unrelated to what is listed above that ia is used is when preceding a locative or place name. However, if ia is being used in this fashion, the locative or place name must be the subject of the sentence. Another particle in Tokelauan is a, or sometimes ā. This article is used before a person's name as well as the names of months and the particle a te is used before pronouns when these instances are following the prepositions i or ki. Ia te is a particle used if following the preposition mai.
See also
Nobiliary particle
Ilocano particles
Okinawan particles
Proto-Indo-European particles
Uninflected word
Notes
References
Parts of speech
Priyamudan () is a 1998 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film directed by Vincent Selva. The film stars Vijay in an antihero role and Kausalya as hero, while Sujith Sagar plays a pivotal role. The story focuses on Vasanth, a young business person, who is of a hyper-possessive nature and therefore they try to achieve whatever they desire using any means.
The film was released on 12 June 1998 with positive reviews and became a commercial success. The film was remade as Preminche Manasu in Telugu in 2000, as Nata in Kannada in 2002 and in Hindi as Deewana Main Deewana in 2013 and in Sinhala as Rush in 2019.
The film ran for more than 100 days at the box office.
Plot
Vasanth is a son of a wealthy business person from Chennai and grows up with a possessive attitude, and is almost considered as a psychopath by the audience. This is shown in one scene in a gift shop, where they break a gift which they like solely as it had already been brought by someone else. They pay the owner to cover the damages but responds with a negative tagline - "If I can't get it, nobody can". They happen to visit Rajasthan, where they meet Priya and it is love at first sight for Vasanth. Priya is injured in an accident, and Vasanth's friend Vasanth Kumar rescues them by donating blood. Being unconscious, Priya does not know the face of their savior, only the name "Vasanth Kumar".
After they recover, Priya comes to Chennai to meet Vasanth Kumar and stays in their uncle's house. However, Vasanth, who needs them at any cost, pretends to be Vasanth Kumar and makes advantage of their soft corner. They also manage to hide them from Vasanth Kumar. One day, Priya and Vasanth go to Sathyam Theater to watch a movie, but they unknowingly learn that Priya and Vasanth Kumar already know each other. They get angry and breaks the ice creams brought for them.
One day, Vasanth Kumar learns about Priya's and Vasanth's affair and greets them. Priya's father Rangarajan also learns about the affair but not about the possessive Vasanth. Vasanth and Priya go to Jaipur from Chennai to meet Rangarajan. While Priya is away from the home for a small work, Vasanth meets Rangarajan and admits the truth to him, but they refuse. Angered by their action, Vasanth kills them but later realizes their foolish mistake. CBI officers Muthukumaraswamy and Gopal begin to investigate the case.
One day, Vasanth Kumar comes to Jaipur for a music audition, which they had missed when they donated blood to Priya. Vasanth arranges room for them but fears that they might find the truth. They go to the hospital where Priya was admitted and tears the certificate of admission. Vasanth Kumar sees this, and they go to a nearby hill station. Vasanth Kumar starts arguing with Vasanth for cheating their name. Vasanth apologizes and admits the truth, but Vasanth Kumar abuses Priya. In anger, Vasanth accidentally beats Vasanth Kumar but tries to save him. Having no way, Vasanth Kumar sacrifices their lives for their friend's sake. Shocked by this incident, Vasanth decides to transform themselves into a good gentleman and thereby leaves their behavior as that of a psychopath. Vasanth then sincerely starts to take care of Priya.
Meanwhile, Muthukumaraswamy and Gopal come to know that the real murderer of Rangarajan and Vasanth Kumar is Vasanth. Priya also learns about this and runs from Jaipur. Vasanth searches for them and is finally beaten by Priya for cheating their lover's name and for killing Rangarajan. After that, they notice their earring, which was taken by Vasanth when they first visited Jaipur. They tell them all the truths and the incidents. They feel sorry for them and decides to reciprocate their love. However, the police shoots Vasanth, and they die immediately, unable to bear the pain. Priya bursts in tears. The film ends with a sad note with Vasanth advising the audience "not to live like him, because they will realize their terrific destiny".
Alternative ending
When Vasanth was suffering from the pain caused by the police's gunshot, Priya realizes their love for them and reciprocates Vasanth's love. Both Vasanth and Priya hold their hands and runs away from the police. Muthukumaraswamy and Gopal were about to pull out their guns, but they did not stop or shoot Vasanth from escaping. When they asked each other the reason for not stopping them, they explained each other by saying that they know the value and pain of love. They let them go away and live together. The film ends with a happy note with Vasanth got united with Priya and their love being successful.
Cast
Vijay as Vasanth Kumar
Kausalya as Priya
Sujith Sagar as Vasanth Kumar
Jai Ganesh as Rangarajan, Priya's father
Nassar as CBI officer Muthukumaraswamy (special appearance)
Manivannan as House Owner
Madhan Bob as Priya's uncle
K. P. Mohan as Vasanth's father
S. A. Chandrasekhar as CBI officer Gopal
S. N. Surendar as Gaffar
T. P. Gajendran as Muthukumaraswamy's assistant
Azhagu as Ravi
Thideer Kannaiah as House Broker
Jaguar Thangam in a special appearance
Vincent Selva in a special appearance
Production
Vijay wanted to work with a debutant director and Vincent Selva's story impressed him, prompting Lakshmi Movie Makers to make the story into a feature film. Meena was initially approached for the film, but had to turn the offer down due to their busy schedule. The song "Pooja Vaa" was shot in Bada Bagh, Kuldhara and Jaisalmer, while the film's climax was shot at Kuldhara, Rajasthan. While working for the film, Vijay had an accident and hurt their spine. As a result, Vijay travelled to London for advanced medical treatment, where they ended up meeting their eventual wife, Sangeetha Sornalingam.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack composed by Deva while lyrics were written by Arivumathi, Palani Bharathi, Ponniyin Selvan, Ra. Ravishankar and Vaasan. "White Lakkan" song was based on the Hindi blockbuster hit song, "Hum
Kaale Hai Tu Kya Hua" from the movie Gumnaam (1965), which was composed by duo composers Shankar Jaikishan and sung by Mohammed Rafi.
Release
The film was released on 12 June 1998.
Reception
A reviewer from Indolink.com praising Vijay for choosing to play an anti-hero role. The Hindu stated that Vijay "made sincere efforts to give shape to the negative character" that "he asserts themselves in the climax". The critic goes on to describe that Kausalya "just fills the bill, while Sujit Sagar makes "a neat essay". Ananda Vikatan gave the film a score of 41 out of 100.
Stunt choreographer Jaguar Thangam won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Stunt Coordinator, for 1998 for their work in Priyamudan.
References
External links
1998 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Deva (composer)
1990s romantic thriller films
Indian romantic thriller films
Tamil films remade in other languages
Fictional portrayals of the Tamil Nadu Police
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films set in Rajasthan
1998 directorial debut films
A contributing editor is a newspaper, magazine or online job title that varies in its responsibilities. Often, but not always, a contributing editor is a "high-end" freelancer, consultant, or expert who has proven ability and has readership draw. This contributing editor regularly contributes articles to the publication but does not always edit articles. Here the title "editor" implies a certain level of prestige rather than a more traditional editing role. In other instances, however, a contributing editor may oversee projects or specific aspects of a publication and have more regular editing duties. At smaller magazines, the title can imply a staff member with regular writing responsibility and some editorial duties. Magazines, websites, books, sources, and journals use contributing editors.
When a "contributing editor" is listed on the title page of a book, the term generally designates a person who has served as some kind of consultant in the book's preparation but who is not responsible for the book's final content.
In 2011, a contributing editor's salary often ranged from $40,000 to $60,000 per year. Salaries vary depending on the company overseeing the project and the size of the project.
A contributing editor's responsibilities may include developing content for articles, meeting deadlines, reviewing articles, editing grammar and content to ensure quality readership, attending conferences to develop editing skills, and exchanging ideas with others.
References
External links
Magazine publishing
Mass media occupations
Types of editors
Tesla's electro-mechanical oscillator is a steam-powered electric generator patented by Nikola Tesla in 1893. Later in life Tesla claimed one version of the oscillator caused an earthquake in New York City in 1898, gaining it the popular culture title "Tesla's earthquake machine".
Description
Tesla's oscillator is a reciprocating electricity generator. Steam would be forced into the oscillator, and exit through a series of ports, pushing a piston up and down that was attached to an armature, causing it to vibrate up and down at high speed, producing electricity. The casing's upper chamber had to withstand pressures of and temperatures exceeding 200 °C. Some versions used air trapped behind the piston as an "air spring", increasing efficiency. Another variation used electromagnets to control the frequency of the piston's oscillation.
Tesla developed many versions of the oscillator and looked on it as a possible replacement for inefficient reciprocating steam engines used to turn generators, but it was superseded by the development of highly efficient steam turbines. Tesla also used the highly regular tunable oscillation of the device to set frequency in their high frequency electrical and wireless transmission experiments. There are also claims it had a physiological effect on people subjected to its vibrations in that it acted as a laxative causing people to immediately run to the bathroom afterwards.
"Earthquake" claims
In 1935 at their annual birthday party/press meeting a 79-year-old Tesla related a story where they claimed a version of their mechanical oscillator caused extreme vibrations in structures and even an earthquake in downtown New York City. Reporter John J. O'Neill's biography of Nikola Tesla includes a version of this story (date of the telling not given).
One version of the story has Tesla experimenting with a small version of their mechanical oscillator at their laboratory on 46 East Houston Street near the Manhattan neighborhood of SoHo. Tesla said the oscillator was around long and weighing , something "you could put in your overcoat pocket". At one point while experimenting with the oscillator, they alleged it generated a resonance in several buildings, causing complaints to the police. As the speed grew, they said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of their own building and, belatedly realizing the danger, they were forced to use a sledgehammer to terminate the experiment, just as the police arrived. Other versions have Tesla smashing the device before the police arrive and have multi-ton equipment in the basement moving around. Another version has Tesla clamping an oscillator to a building under construction and causing it to vibrate so violently the steelworkers working on it left the building in a panic.
At the 1935 party Tesla also claimed the mechanical oscillator could destroy the Empire State Building with "Five pounds of air pressure" () if attached on a girder and that they expected to earn $100 million from the oscillator within two years.
MythBusters
The oscillator/"earthquake machine" was explored in 2006 in Episode 60 – "Earthquake Machine". The MythBusters made a device powered by electricity rather than steam. It produced vibrations that could be felt hundreds of feet away, but no earthquake shaking on the bridge they attached to; they judged that the claim that the device produced an earthquake to be false (i.e. a "busted myth").
See also
List of Tesla patents
Tectonic weapon
Tesla turbine
References
Inventions by Nikola Tesla
Products introduced in 1893
Electrical generators
Calendar Girl is an American documentary film about Ruth Finley (1920–2018), founder and editor of the Fashion Calendar. It was directed and produced by Christian D. Bruun and produced and written by Natalie Nudell. The film premiered at the 2020 DOC NYC via virtual screenings.
Production
Calendar Girl was made over five years, filming exclusively in New York. Production began after director Christian D. Bruun was approached by Kate DelPizzo (who later became a producer of the film), a family friend of Ruth Finley. Ruth's life's work, the Fashion Calendar, was about to be sold to the CFDA, signaling the end of an era in American fashion. Filming commenced during the last months before the closing of the Fashion Calendar office on Manhattan's Upper Eastside and captured the in-house printing of the last mailed-out issue. Over the following two years the director and producer Natalie Nudell followed Ruth in their daily life; both in the fashion world and their personal life after retirement.
Synopsis
From the early 1940s, for over 70 years, the influential subscription-only Fashion Calendar with its iconic pink pages and red covers—designed to be easily noticed on someone's cluttered office desk—laid out every fashion show and event in New York City, including New York Fashion Week. Behind it was founder Ruth Finley.
Featuring
Besides Ruth Finley, the film features interviews with industry insiders Peter Arnold, Mark Badgley, Jeffrey Banks, Mickey Boardman, Andrew Bolton, Thom Browne, Bill Cunningham, Stan Herman, Carolina Herrera, Betsey Johnson, Harold Koda, Steven Kolb, Marylou Luther, Fern Malis, Nicole Miller, James Mischka, Ellin Saltzman, Tadashi Shoji, Valerie Steele, and Eric Wilson.
Distribution
The film is represented worldwide by Syndicado Film Sales.
In November 2020 the film had its North American premiere at DOC NYC. The film premieres on VOD in North America on March 8, 2022.
References
External links
WWD: The Ultimate ‘Calendar Girl' Ruth Finley Spotlighted in Upcoming Documentary
Vogue.com: Ruth Finley, Fashion's Original Calendar Girl, Is Getting the Documentary Treatment
NY Times: Ruth Finley, Who Put Fashion Shows on a Schedule, Dies at 98
The Hollywood Reporter: Godmother of New York Fashion Week Ruth Finley Dies at 98
Ruth Finley Set the Schedule for New York's Fashion World
The Fashion Studies Journal – The Ruth Finley Collection
Medium.com: Talking about Ruth Finley's Fashion Calendar with Natalie Nudell
Forbes: Four Lessons From The Life Of Fashion Pioneer Ruth Finley
2020 documentary films
2020 films
American documentary films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Chorionic hematoma is the pooling of blood (hematoma) between the chorion, a membrane surrounding the embryo, and the uterine wall. It occurs in about 3.1% of all pregnancies, it is the most common sonographic abnormality and the most common cause of first trimester bleeding.
Cause and diagnosis
Chorionic hematomas can be caused by the separation of the chorion from the endometrium (inner membrane of the uterus). Hematomas are classified by their location between tissue layers:
Subchorionic hematomas, the most common type, are between the chorion and endometrium.
Retroplacental hematomas are entirely behind the placenta and not touching the gestational sac.
Subamniotic or preplacental hematomas are contained within amnion and chorion. Rare.
Most patients with a small subchorionic hematoma are asymptomatic. Symptoms include vaginal bleeding, abdominal pain, premature labor and threatened miscarriage.
Ultrasonography is the preferred method of diagnosis. A chorionic hematoma appears on ultrasound as a hypoechoic crescent adjacent to the gestational sac. The hematoma is considered small if it is under 20% of the size of the sac and large if it is over 50%.
Prognosis and treatment
The presence of subchorionic bleeding around the gestational sac does not have a significant association with miscarriage overall. However, the case of intrauterine hematoma observed before 9 weeks of gestational age has been associated with an increased risk of miscarriage. In one study women who complied with instructions for bed rest for the duration of bleeding had a lower rate of miscarriage and a higher rate of term pregnancy than non-compliant women. The study had several limitations; results were severely confounded by inherent differences between compliant and non-compliant women.
References
Health issues in pregnancy
In mathematics, the infinite series , also written
is sometimes called Grandi's series, after Italian mathematician, philosopher, and priest Guido Grandi, who gave a memorable treatment of the series in 1703. It is a divergent series, meaning that it lacks a sum in the usual sense. On the other hand, its Cesàro sum is 1/2.
Unrigorous methods
One obvious method to attack the series
1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ...
is to treat it like a telescoping series and perform the subtractions in place:
(1 − 1) + (1 − 1) + (1 − 1) + ... = 0 + 0 + 0 + ... = 0.
On the other hand, a similar bracketing procedure leads to the apparently contradictory result
1 + (−1 + 1) + (−1 + 1) + (−1 + 1) + ... = 1 + 0 + 0 + 0 + ... = 1.
Thus, by applying parentheses to Grandi's series in different ways, one can obtain either 0 or 1 as a "value". (Variations of this idea, called the Eilenberg–Mazur swindle, are sometimes used in knot theory and algebra.)
Treating Grandi's series as a divergent geometric series and using the same algebraic methods that evaluate convergent geometric series to obtain a third value:
S = 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ..., so
1 − S = 1 − (1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ...) = 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ... = S
1 − S = S
1 = 2S,
resulting in S = . The same conclusion results from calculating −S, subtracting the result from S, and solving 2S = 1.
The above manipulations do not consider what the sum of a series actually means and how said algebraic methods can be applied to divergent geometric series. Still, to the extent that it is important to be able to bracket series at will, and that it is more important to be able to perform arithmetic with them, one can arrive at two conclusions:
The series 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ... has no sum.
...but its sum should be .
In fact, both of these statements can be made precise and formally proven, but only using well-defined mathematical concepts that arose in the 19th century. After the late 17th-century introduction of calculus in Europe, but before the advent of modern rigor, the tension between these answers fueled what has been characterized as an "endless" and "violent" dispute between mathematicians.
Relation to the geometric series
For any number in the interval , the sum to infinity of a geometric series can be evaluated via
For any , one thus finds
and so the limit of series evaluations is
However, as mentioned, the series obtained by switching the limits,
is divergent.
In the terms of complex analysis, is thus seen to be the value at of the analytic continuation of the series , which is only defined on the complex unit disk, .
Early ideas
Divergence
In modern mathematics, the sum of an infinite series is defined to be the limit of the sequence of its partial sums, if it exists. The sequence of partial sums of Grandi's series is which clearly does not approach any number (although it does have two accumulation points at 0 and 1). Therefore, Grandi's series is divergent.
It can be shown that it is not valid to perform many seemingly innocuous operations on a series, such as reordering individual terms, unless the series is absolutely convergent. Otherwise these operations can alter the result of summation. Further, the terms of Grandi's series can be rearranged to have its accumulation points at any interval of two or more consecutive integer numbers, not only 0 or 1. For instance, the series
(in which, after five initial +1 terms, the terms alternate in pairs of +1 and −1 terms) is a permutation of Grandi's series in which each value in the rearranged series corresponds to a value that is at most four positions away from it in the original series; its accumulation points are 3, 4, and 5.
Education
Cognitive impact
Around 1987, Anna Sierpińska introduced Grandi's series to a group of 17-year-old precalculus students at a Warsaw lyceum. They focused on humanities students with the expectation that their mathematical experience would be less significant than that of their peers studying mathematics and physics, so the epistemological obstacles they exhibit would be more representative of the obstacles that may still be present in lyceum students.
Sierpińska initially expected the students to balk at assigning a value to Grandi's series, at which point they could shock them by claiming that as a result of the geometric series formula. Ideally, by searching for the error in reasoning and by investigating the formula for various common ratios, the students would "notice that there are two kinds of series and an implicit conception of convergence will be born." However, the students showed no shock at being told that or even that . Sierpińska remarks that a priori, the students' reaction shouldn't be too surprising given that Leibniz and Grandi thought 1⁄2 to be a plausible result;
"A posteriori, however, the explanation of this lack of shock on the part of the students may be somewhat different. They accepted calmly the absurdity because, after all, 'mathematics is completely abstract and far from reality', and 'with those mathematical transformations you can prove all kinds of nonsense', as one of the boys later said."
The students were ultimately not immune to the question of convergence; Sierpińska succeeded in engaging them in the issue by linking it to decimal expansions the following day. As soon as 0.999... = 1 caught the students by surprise, the rest of their material "went past their ears".
Preconceptions
In another study conducted in Treviso, Italy around the year 2000, third-year and fourth-year Liceo Scientifico pupils (between 16 and 18 years old) were given cards asking the following:
"In 1703, the mathematician Guido Grandi studied the addition: 1 – 1 + 1 – 1 + ... (addends, infinitely many, are always +1 and –1). What is your opinion about it?"
The students had been introduced to the idea of an infinite set, but they had no prior experience with infinite series. They were given ten minutes without books or calculators. The 88 responses were categorized as follows:
(26) the result is 0
(18) the result can be either 0 or 1
(5) the result does not exist
(4) the result is 1⁄2
(3) the result is 1
(2) the result is infinite
(30) no answer
The researcher, Giorgio Bagni, interviewed several of the students to determine their reasoning. Some 16 of them justified an answer of 0 using logic similar to that of Grandi and Riccati. Others justified 1⁄2 as being the average of 0 and 1. Bagni notes that their reasoning, while similar to Leibniz's, lacks the probabilistic basis that was so important to 18th-century mathematics. They conclude that the responses are consistent with a link between historical development and individual development, although the cultural context is different.
Prospects
Joel Lehmann describes the process of distinguishing between different sum concepts as building a bridge over a conceptual crevasse: the confusion over divergence that dogged 18th-century mathematics.
"Since series are generally presented without history and separate from applications, the student must wonder not only "What are these things?" but also "Why are we doing this?" The preoccupation with determining convergence but not the sum makes the whole process seem artificial and pointless to many students—and instructors as well."
As a result, many students develop an attitude similar to Euler's:
"...problems that arise naturally (i.e., from nature) do have solutions, so the assumption that things will work out eventually is justified experimentally without the need for existence sorts of proof. Assume everything is okay, and if the arrived-at solution works, you were probably right, or at least right enough. ...so why bother with the details that only show up in homework problems?"
Lehmann recommends meeting this objection with the same example that was advanced against Euler's treatment of Grandi's series by Callet.
Summability
Related problems
The series 1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + 5 − 6 + 7 − 8 + .... (up to infinity) is also divergent, but some methods may be used to sum it to . This is the square of the value most summation methods assign to Grandi's series, which is reasonable as it can be viewed as the Cauchy product of two copies of Grandi's series.
See also
1 − 1 + 2 − 6 + 24 − 120 + · · ·
1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + · · ·
1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + · · ·
1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + · · ·
1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + · · ·
1 − 2 + 4 − 8 + ⋯
Ramanujan summation
Cesàro summation
Thomson's lamp
Notes
References
External links
One minus one plus one minus one – Numberphile, Grandi's series
Divergent series
Geometric series
1 (number)
Mathematical paradoxes
Parity (mathematics)
"So Hot You're Hurting My Feelings" is a song by American singer Caroline Polachek from their third studio album (and first under their own name) Pang (2019). The song was released on September 16, 2019 through Perpetual Novice. It has been described as a new wave and indie pop track. While it didn't chart at the time of its release, the song became a sleeper hit after it went viral on TikTok in early 2022.
Release and promotion
An official music video was released on October 2, 2019. On December 18, 2019, an official remix by A. G. Cook of PC Music was released as the lead single from their upcoming remix album Standing at the Gate: Remix Collection. On January 30, 2020 they performed the song on Jimmy Kimmel Live! marking their first solo live television appearance.
A Christmas-themed rework of the song called "So Cold You're Hurting My Feelings" was released in December 2020 as part of the PC Music Pop Carol holiday concert.
Reception
Robin Bacior of Consequence of Sound described "So Hot You're Hurting My Feelings" as a song with "a little more pep in its step" than their other singles, "Parachute" and "Ocean of Tears". Luke Holland of The Guardian reviewed the song with "I definitely am saying you're a bad person if you hate this". Amanda Gersten of Paste called the song "bouncy, bright and wouldn't sound too out of place on a Chairlift album".
Lady Gaga included the song on their "Women of Choice" curated playlist.
Covers
Indie rock artist Waxahatchee performed a live acoustic cover of "So Hot You're Hurting My Feelings" at SiriusXM's Los Angeles Studios on April 2, 2020. Indie folk musician Squirrel Flower released their own cover of the song as a single on May 5, 2020.
Track listing
A. G. Cook Remix – single
"So Hot You're Hurting My Feelings" (A. G. Cook Remix) – 3:35
Charts
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
American synth-pop songs
Caroline Polachek songs
Indie pop songs
Songs written by Caroline Polachek
Songs written by Teddy Geiger
Songs written by Dan Nigro
New wave songs
Saalfelden am Steinernen Meer is a town in the district of Zell am See in the Austrian state of Salzburg. With approximately 16,000 inhabitants, Saalfelden is the district's largest town and the third of the federal state after Salzburg and Hallein.
Geography
Although the Saalfelden area has always been the most populous of the historic Pinzgau region, the seat of the district administration is situated in the neighbouring town of Zell am See.
Saalfelden Basin
Saalfelden am Steinernen Meer lies at above sea level and its municipal area covers . The largest proportion of the municipality is formed by the Saalfelden Basin (Saalfeldner Becken) situated between the Northern Limestone Alps ranges of:
the Steinernes Meer high plateau to the north, forming the border with Germany
the Leogang Mountains and the Biberg to the west
the Hochkönig massif and the Salzburg Slate Alps to the east.
To the south the basin is generally open, running into the Zell Basin (Zeller Becken) with Lake Zell and the Salzach river – hence the term Zell-Saalfelden Basin Zeller-Saalfeldener Becken is also used for the whole valley – and enables a view of the High Tauern, especially the prominent Kitzsteinhorn and Wiesbachhorn peaks. The two basins are separated by a barely discernible valley floor divide. This trough is one of the largest inner-Alpine basins.
The main river in the basin is the Saalach. It rises in the upper Glemm Valley, empties into the basin south of Saalfelden and passes through it from south to north. A right tributary of the Saalach flowing through the borough of Saalfelden from east to west is the Urslau creek. A left tributary, the Leoganger Ache, empties into the Saalach from the west. In addition there are several smaller tributary streams. In the centre of the basin is the Kühbühel ("cow-hill") which is a good .
The only lake in the expansive basin is the human-made Ritzensee, excavated for leisure purposes. Other artificial ponds have been laid out primarily for angling and tourism.
Subdivisions
The Saalfelden municipality comprises the cadastral communities of Bergham, Farmach, Gerling, Haid, Hohlwegen, Lenzing, Lichtenberg, and Saalfelden proper.
History
Early archaeological findings in the Saalfelden Basin date back to the Neolithic Era. A continuous settlement is documented since the late Iron Age, when Celtic tribes moved into the region. From the 7th century AD onwards, Bavarians settled the area from the north. About 100 years later the estates of Salvet on the Saalach river were first mentioned in a register by the Bishops of Salzburg. While they became part of the Carolingian Empire, the lands were incorporated into the Frankish Pinzgau county.
The Saalfelden estates were acquired by Archbishop Hartwig of Salzburg about 1000; and by the early 13th century, the whole Pinzgau region was part of the prince-bishops' lands. Saalfelden was first mentioned as a market town in the mid 14th century. It remained part of the Salzburg prince-archbishopric until its secularisation in 1803.
With the Salzburg lands, Saalfelden finally fell to the Austrian Empire in 1816. It achieved town status in 2000.
Sport and leisure
The Ritzensee and the adjacent Kollingwald forest are the recreation areas for Saalfelden's townsfolk. The lake is used in summer as a bathing lake and in winter for ice skating.
Footpaths and trails are used in winter as cross country skiing routes. In the village of Uttenhofen there several ski jumps including those of the Felix Gottwald Ski Jumping Stadium and a centre for Nordic combination. Saalfelden earned fame in the langlauf and biathlon sports through its top athletes: Felix Gottwald, Simon Eder, Julian Eberhard and Tobias Eberhard.
Since 2006 an international triathlon competition has taken place annually in Saalfelden in August, the Tri Motion Austria.
Born in Saalfelden
Laura Feiersinger (born 1993), football player
Wolfgang Feiersinger (born 1965) football player, national football team
Gerhard Fellner (born 1970), football player and coach
Thomas Hörl (born 1981), ski jumper
William Rea (born 1952), long jumper
Rosl Schwaiger (1918–1970), operatic coloratura soprano
Stefan Schwab (born 1990), football player
Reinhard Schwarzenberger (born 1977) ski jumper
Franz Zorn (born 1970) speedway rider (Ice Speedway European Champion 2008)
References
External links
Saalfelden official site
Cities and towns in Zell am See District
The Wild and the Willing are a 1962 British romantic drama film, directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Virginia Maskell, Paul Rogers, and Samantha Eggar. It is the film debuts of Ian McShane, John Hurt, and Samantha Eggar. It depicts a group of students at university.
It was filmed on location in Lincoln, with Lincoln Castle doubling as the university.
Plot
A group of young men at university enjoy students' life – dancing, drinking, meeting girls. Harry (Ian McShane), a somewhat rebellious young man, is going out with Josie (Samantha Eggar). Their roommate, Phil (John Hurt), is a quiet outsider. Harry feels very protective towards Phil for some reason. Phil loves Sarah (Katherine Woodville), but they have jilted them for a new boyfriend, who is in their opinion more suitable.
As the plot develops, Harry gets involved with Professor Chown's (Paul Rogers) unhappy wife, Virginia (Virginia Maskell). The professor acts very aloofly towards them but doesn't want a divorce because they are expecting to be knighted. Harry wants Virginia to come away with them but they are too worried about their future and turns them down. Because of frustration Harry decides to pull a 'Rag Week' (annual student frolics) stunt. Their idea is to climb the campus tower at night and raise a flag atop of it. They need help to pull this off but all the other young men opt out for various reasons. Phil offers to join Harry, as they feel that Harry has done a lot to get them involved in campus life, rather than just living on the fringes. At first, Harry, worried about the consequences as Phil is not a good climber, refuses to take Phil along with him, but eventually, against their better judgment, they are persuaded to do so.
Gilby (Jeremy Brett), a smart striver, is jealous of Harry, as they used to see Virginia until they rejected him. They notice the activities around the tower and reports Harry and Phil to the university authorities. The teachers are more annoyed than worried and call the fire brigade. The spectacle draws a crowd. Although Phil is a bad climber and slips several times, the two young men manage to reach the top and hoist their flag. But on the way down Phil loses their footing and, although Harry tries desperately to hold on to him, Phil slips from their grasp and falls to their death.
Harry is expelled ('sent down') from the university. At a final visit to Professor Chown and their wife, the Professor admits that Harry's paper was brilliant and that due to their stunt, they have forfeited a scholarship and an academic career. Josie meets Harry at the bus station and realises that they don't mean much to him. Yet they ask them to take them along, but they refuse, as they don't want to go on hurting people. The film ends with Reggie (John Sekka), an African friend, singing a ballad about Harry and Josie.
Cast
Production
It was based on a play, "The Tinker".
It was the first feature film for Samantha Eggar, John Hurt and Ian McShane. Betty Box says Hurt was the first cast; they used them to audition other actors. McShane was only months from graduating from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art when asked to audition. "It's very appealing, movie money, so I did it and that was that", said McShane later.
Release
Betty Box said the film "didn't break records or win awards but it did reasonably good business and put the youngsters on the first rung of the ladder to stardom."
Critical reception
In the Radio Times, David McGillivray wrote, "an unsuccessful play, The Tinker – written when Angry Young Men were in vogue – is the source of this exposé of British student life. Once shocking, it has aged as badly as others of its ilk, but now has considerable curiosity value, not least because of early appearances by Ian McShane, Samantha Eggar, John Hurt and others. McShane shines as the scholarship boy who vents their wrath on privileged society".
BFI Screenonline referred to the film as "Ralph Thomas's tepid student drama"; but Sky Movies concluded the film "still manages to generate moments of high excitement – none more so than a climatic climb up the sheer side of a crumbling steeple – a few minutes that are guaranteed to have you on the edge of your chair."
The film was released in the United States in 1964 as Young and Willing. The New York Times called the film "sophomoric".
Ian McShane's performance has been described as "the archetypal angry young man."
References
External links
1962 films
1960s romantic drama films
Films directed by Ralph Thomas
1960s English-language films
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films shot in Lincolnshire
British romantic drama films
Films produced by Betty Box
1962 drama films
1960s British films
The Warlocks Motorcycle Club is a "one-percenter" outlaw motorcycle club that was formed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1965. It was the first official 1% outlaw motorcycle club founded in Pennsylvania. The club is most prominent in the Philadelphia and Delaware County area, but they have territory all throughout the Delaware Valley (i.e. the Philly metro area), including South Jersey and Wilmington, and have a heavy presence in the Lehigh Valley. There are now chapters all throughout Pennsylvania, South Jersey, and Delaware. The club's insignia is a Harpy, which in Greek and Roman mythology, was a female monster in the form of a bird with a human face. Their colors are Red and White. The club rapidly expanded at the end of the Vietnam War when thousands of soldiers returned home to the United States, many to Pennsylvania.
Criminal activities
In December 1988, individuals associated with the Warlocks kidnapped the then Breed chapter president Craig "Coyote" Gudkneckt in retaliation for several Warlock members being jumped by Breed members in a Bensalem bar. Gudkneckt was taken to the home of a Warlock where they were tied up, beaten and pistol-whipped. Gudkneckt escaped.
On May 6, 1995 Police Sgt. Ippolito "Lee" Gonzalez of Franklin Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey pulled over Warlocks members Robert "Mudman" Simon and Charles "Shovel" Staples on a traffic stop moments after the two had committed a commercial burglary. Simon shot Gonzalez twice, in the head and neck, and Gonzalez died instantly. Simon later said they shot Sergeant Gonzalez because they did not want to return to prison. Simon was quickly apprehended, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to death. At the time of Gonzalez's murder Simon was barely three months out of jail and on parole after a 1981 conviction for killing a woman in Carbon County, Pennsylvania. In 1999, Simon was stomped to death by Ambrose Harris, another death-row inmate, in New Jersey's Trenton State Prison. Harris argued self-defense, and was acquitted.
In 2006, Tommy Zaroff, born about , a former President of the Bucks County chapter of the Warlocks was arrested on suspicion of possessing ten pounds of methamphetamine, and was sentenced to at least five years after pleading guilty to charges including distributing a controlled substance, profiting from illegal acts and conspiracy. On February 4, 2009, Daniel "Dirty Dick" McElheney, born about , was arrested under their alias Richard McElheney, after their home was raided by police. Police seized six rifles, ten handguns and various illegal drugs.
In October 2008, Pennsylvania State Attorney General Tom Corbett alleged that the Warlocks motorcycle club is involved with a methamphetamine manufacturing operation based in Berks County Pennsylvania. The sting was dubbed "Operation Underground". Corbett said the operation manufactured and distributed $9 million worth of methamphetamine throughout southeastern Pennsylvania and possibly (supplied) to members of the Warlocks motorcycle club, which has allegedly been linked to organized crime and drug trafficking. "The Warlocks have been the subject of other investigations, and we will continue to investigate the Warlock-Spadafora meth connection," Corbett said. They added that the investigation is continuing and they expect more arrests. There were no Warlocks arrested or charged at the time of this press release.
References
External links/sources
The Original Warlocks MC
Text from New Jersey State Commission of Investigation report on outlaw motorcycle gangs, as posted on New Jersey Mafia website
Warlocks v. Warlocks
1965 establishments in Pennsylvania
Outlaw motorcycle clubs
Gangs in Pennsylvania
Gangs in Philadelphia
Gangs in New Jersey
Motorcycle clubs in the United States
Snax (born 1969) is an American musician and DJ.
Snax may also refer to:
Path Finder or SNAX, a Macintosh file browser
Assis Airport's ICAO code
See also
Snacking (disambiguation)
Snacks
Snaxxx, a 2012 album by Mike Mictlan
William César de Oliveira (born 17 October 1968) is a former Brazilian international footballer. They have played for several domestic club teams in Brazil such as Vasco Esporte Clube, Flamengo, Fluminense FC, Clube Atlético Mineiro etc.
William was part of the Brazilian U17 football team at the inaugural edition of the FIFA U-16 World Championship (now known as FIFA U17 World Cup) in 1985. They played a vital role in Brazil's third-place finish at the first edition of the Youth FIFA World Cup with scoring 5 goals in the entire tournament. They were awarded the Golden Ball at the 1985 World Cup as they were the second leading goal scorer in the tournament just behind Marcel Witeczek of Germany.
References
External links
Profile at Supervasco
Profile at Footballia
1968 births
Living people
Brazil international footballers
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
CR Vasco da Gama players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Fluminense FC players
Guarani FC players
América de Cali footballers
Club Alianza Lima footballers
Americano Futebol Clube players
Brazil youth international footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Peru
People from Cuiabá
Sportspeople from Mato Grosso
Constantia was launched at Quebec City in 1822. They started trading between Quebec and Bristol but was lost on 13 May 1823. Constantia, Davie, master, was wrecked on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia. All on board were rescued and part of the cargo was expected to be saved. They were on a voyage from Bristol to Quebec City. On 14 October , Watt, master, arrived at Quebec. They brought with them the remainder of Constantias stores and cargo after they had wrecked upon Cape Breton.
Citations
1822 ships
Ships built in Quebec
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in May 1823
This article includes records and statistics related to Zamalek SC.
All stats are accurate as of 27 June 2015.
Honours
Worldwide / Intercontinental
Afro-Asian Cup
Winners (2): 1987, 1997
Runners-up (1): 1994
African
CAF Champions League
Winners (5): 1984, 1986, 1993, 1996, 2002
Runners-up (3): 1994, 2016, 2020
African Cup Winners' Cup
Winners (1): 2000
CAF Confederation Cup
Winners (1): 2019
CAF Super Cup
Winners (4): 1994, 1997, 2003, 2020 (February)
Runners-up (1): 2001
UAFA Competitions
Arab Champions Cup
Winners (1): 2003
League
Egyptian Premier League
Winners (14): 1959–60, 1963–64, 1964–65, 1977–78, 1983–84, 1987–88, 1991–92, 1992–93, 2000–01, 2002–03, 2003–04, 2014–15, 2020–21, 2021–22
Runners-up (34): 1950–51, 1952–53, 1953–54, 1955–56, 1956–57, 1957–58, 1958–59, 1960–61, 1961–62, 1962–63, 1965–66, 1972–73, 1976–77, 1978–79, 1979–80, 1980–81, 1981–82, 1982–83, 1984–85, 1985–86, 1986–87, 1988–89, 1994–95, 1995–96, 1996–97, 1997–98, 1998–99, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2015–16, 2018–19, 2019–20
Cairo League
Winners (15): 1922–23, 1923–24, 1928–29, 1929–30, 1931–32, 1939–40, 1940–41, 1943–44, 1944–45, 1945–46, 1946–47, 1948–49, 1950–51, 1951–52, 1952–53
Runners-up (6): 1936–37, 1937–38, 1941–42, 1942–43, 1945–46, 1957–58
Cup
Egypt Cup
Winners (28): 1922, 1932, 1935, 1938, 1941, 1943, 1944, 1952, 1955, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1962, 1975, 1977, 1979, 1988, 1999, 2002, 2008, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2015–16, 2017–18, 2018–19, 2020–21
Runners-up (13): 1927–28, 1930–31, 1932–33, 1933–34, 1941–42, 1947–48, 1948–49, 1952–53, 1962–63, 1977–78, 1991–92, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2010–11
Egyptian Super Cup
Winners (4): 2001–02, 2002–03, 2015–16, 2019–20
Runners-up (5): 2003–04, 2004–05, 2008–09, 2014–15, 2015–16
Sultan Hussein Cup
Winners (2): 1920–21, 1921–22
Runners-up (3): 1923–24, 1929–30, 1936–37
King Fouad Cup
Winners (3)
Saudi-Egyptian Super Cup (League Winners)
Winners (2): 2003, 2018
Jordan International Cup (Egyptian-Jordanian Cup)
Winners (2): 1986, 1987
Independence Cup (Friendship Cup)
Winners (2)
Domestic
Alexandria Summer League
Winners (3): 1982, 1984, 2004
Giza League
Winners (1)
October League Cup
Winners (1): 1973–74
Egypt's Love Cup
Winners (1): 1986
Union Cup "Egypt" (association football)
Winners (1): 1995
Egypt Confederation Cup Refresher
Winners (4)
All trophies are approved by Egyptian football Association website and Zamalek SC Official Facebook page.
Players
Appearances
Goalscorers
Most goals scored in all competitions: 138 – Abdel Halim Ali
Most goals scored in the League: 81 – Abdel Halim Ali
Most goals scored in October League Cup: 9 - Hassan Shehata
Most goals scored in the cup: 23 – Alaa El-Hamouly
Most goals scored in all African competitions: 23 – Abdel Halim Ali
Most goals scored in all Arabian competitions: 13 – Abdel Halim Ali
Awards Winners
African Footballer of The Year
The following players won African Footballer of the Year while playing for Zamalek:
Emmanuel Amuneke – 1994
Al-Ahram Hebdo Egyptian Best footballer award
The following players won Al-Ahram Hebdo Egyptian Best footballer award while playing for Zamalek:
Ahmed El-Kass – 1994
Ismail Youssef – 1996
Tarek El-Said – 2000
Hossam Hassan – 2001
Al-Shabab & Al-Reyada Annual Awards
The following players won Al-Shabab & Al-Reyada Annual Awards while playing for Zamalek:
Ahmed El-Shenawy – 2015 (Best GK)
Ali Gabr – 2015 (Best CD)
Ibrahim Salah – 2015 (Best MF)
Team records
Matches
First League match: Farouk (Zamalek) 5–1 El-Masry, Week 1, 22 October 1948.
First Egypt Cup match: Mokhtalat (Zamalek) 4–0 Tersana SC, first round, 3 March 1922.
First African Cup Winners' Cup match: Zamalek 3–0 Al Ahly (Tripoli), first round, 7 May 1976.
First CAF Champions League match: Zamalek 2–1 Simba S.C., first round, 16 March 1979.
First CAF Cup match: Zamalek 0–1 Gor Mahia, first round, 21 March 1998.
First CAF Confederation Cup match: Rayon Sports 3–1, 2nd round, 15 March 2015.
Season-by-season performance
League record by opponent
References
Zamalek SC
Tseung Kwan O Pioneers () is a local political group based in Tseung Kwan O founded in 2016. In a historic pro-democracy landslide in 2019 District Council election, the group won two seats in the Sai Kung District Council.
History
Tseung Kwan O Pioneers was founded in March 2016 by three young Tseung Kwan O residents, Chan Wai-lit, Cheung Fung-kiu and Cheung Wai-chiu who, inspired by the Umbrella Revolution, aimed to provide community services in Choi Kin, Fu Nam and King Lam, respectively.
The Pioneers clashed with other pro-democracy parties in those districts. While Cheung Fung-kiu did not run eventually, Chan Wai-lit and Cheung Wai-chiu failed to coordinate with other pro-democratic candidates which resulted in more than one pro-democrat running in the those constituencies. However, both Chan and Cheung were elected with the majority of votes in Choi Kin and King Lam despite the clashes.
Performance in elections
Sai Kung District Council elections
References
External links
TKO Pioneers's facebook page
Political organisations based in Hong Kong
Political parties established in 2016
2016 establishments in Hong Kong
Liberal parties in Hong Kong
Localist parties in Hong Kong
Arabakonak () or Botevgrad Pass is a mountain pass through the Balkan Mountains connecting Sofia with Botevgrad and Northern Bulgaria. It has been the site of several important events of the history of Bulgaria.
On 22 September 1872, Dimitar Obshti robbed an Ottoman postal convoy in the pass, an event that would lead to the capture and execution of Vasil Levski.
During the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), the pass was contested between the Russians and the Ottomans until December 1877.
On 14 April 1925, a group of anarchists organized an unsuccessful assassination attempt on Tsar Boris III of Bulgaria.
Mountain passes of Bulgaria
Landforms of Sofia Province
Carenum fugitivum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Blackburn in 1888.
References
fugitivum
Beetles described in 1888
The South Derbyshire Miners' Association was a trade union representing coal miners in the Derbyshire area of England.
The union was founded in 1888, and was originally known as the South Derbyshire Amalgamated Miners' Association.
By the following year, it had 2,140 members, although this fell to only 1,408 in 1898. Thereafter, it gradually rebuilt membership, which peaked at more than 6,000 in the 1920s.
In 1889, the union was a founder constituent of the Miners' Federation of Great Britain. In 1945, this became the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), and the union became its South Derbyshire Area, with less autonomy than before.
In 1985, the South Derbyshire Area split away from the NUM, to become a founder constituent of the new Union of Democratic Mineworkers.
General Secretaries
1888: William Buckley
1923: William Knight Smith
1928: Herbert Buck
c.1950: Harry Wileman
1965: Ken Toon
References
Mining trade unions
National Union of Mineworkers (Great Britain)
Politics of Derbyshire
1888 establishments in England
Mining in Derbyshire
Trade unions established in 1888
Trade unions disestablished in 1985
Trade unions based in Derbyshire
Margaret River is a river in Western Australia.
Margaret River may also refer to:
Places
Australia
Northern Territory
Margaret River, Northern Territory, a locality
Western Australia
Margaret River, Western Australia, town
Margaret River (wine region), a wine region
Margaret River (Kimberley, Western Australia), a river
Events
Margaret River Pro, a surfing competition held in Western Australia
See also
Margaret (disambiguation)
Margaret Creek, a stream and state waterway in Athens and Meigs Counties, Ohio
Shire of Augusta-Margaret River
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kaiji Kawaguchi. It is about a resourceful boy, Genichiro Ryu, as they survive a series of natural disasters and collapse of the economy in Japan set in the beginning of the 21st century. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic from 2002 to 2008, followed by a second part, serialized in the same magazine from 2008 to 2010.
The series was adapted into a 2-episode anime television special produced by Madhouse in 2006.
In 2006, A Spirit of The Sun received the 51st Shogakukan Manga Award for the General category.
Media
Manga
A Spirit of the Sun, written and illustrated by Kaiji Kawaguchi, was serialized in Shogakukan's Big Comic from 2002 to 2008, with its chapters collected in seventeen tankōbon volumes, released from May 30, 2003 to February 29, 2008. A second part, , was serialized in the same magazine from 2008 to 2010. Its chapters were collected in nine tankōbon volumes, released from June 30, 2008 to January 28, 2011.
Volume list
1st part
2nd part
Anime
Directed by Masayuki Kojima and written by Tatsuhiko Urahata, Madhouse produced a 2-episode TV special adaptation of the manga, which was shown on WOWOW on September 17 and September 18, 2006. The ending theme is "The Power" performed by Kanon.
In North America, Maiden Japan licensed the anime in 2018.
Reception
In 2006, A Spirit of The Sun, along with Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin by Masasumi Kakizaki and George Abe, received the 51st Shogakukan Manga Award for the General category. It also received the Grand Prize for the manga category at the 10th Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006.
References
External links
Official Madhouse Studios A Spirit of The Sun website
Official WOWOW A Spirit of The Sun website
2002 manga
Kaiji Kawaguchi
Madhouse (company)
Maiden Japan
Seinen manga
Shogakukan manga
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga
Wowow original programming
Broadwater County is a county in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,774. Its county seat is Townsend. The county was named for Charles Arthur Broadwater, a noted Montana railroad, real estate, and banking magnate.
History
The Lewis and Clark Expedition traveled through what is now Broadwater County as they traced the Missouri River. Gold was discovered in the Big Belt Mountains in 1864 which brought several mining towns. In 1881 the Northern Pacific Railway included a stop in what is now Townsend.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.7%) is water.
The boundaries of the county are roughly formed by the Big Belt Mountains to the east and north, the Elkhorn Mountains to the west, and the Horseshoe Hills to the south.
Broadwater County is perhaps best known as the home of Canyon Ferry Lake, the third largest body of water in Montana. The lake provides essential irrigation to local farms, and serves as a recreation destination for the region, with fishing, boating, swimming, camping, and wildlife viewing opportunities.
Major highways
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 12
U.S. Highway 287
Montana Highway 2
Adjacent counties
Meagher County - east
Gallatin County - south
Jefferson County - west
Lewis and Clark County - northwest
National protected area
Helena National Forest (part)
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 4,385 people, 1,752 households, and 1,270 families living in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 2,002 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.04% White, 0.27% Black or African American, 1.16% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 1.00% from two or more races. 1.32% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.5% were of German, 14.5% English, 12.9% Irish, 9.9% Norwegian and 6.3% French ancestry. 98.0% spoke English and 1.3% German as their first language.
There were 1,752 households, out of which 30.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.40% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 24.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.91.
The county population contained 25.20% under the age of 18, 4.80% from 18 to 24, 26.20% from 25 to 44, 27.40% from 45 to 64, and 16.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 104.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 103.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,689, and the median income for a family was $36,524. Males had a median income of $28,495 versus $19,500 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,237. About 7.60% of families and 10.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.70% of those under age 18 and 7.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 5,612 people, 2,347 households, and 1,614 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,695 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.2% white, 1.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Pacific islander, 0.2% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 38.7% were German, 16.2% were English, 15.5% were Irish, 7.9% were Norwegian, 6.4% were Scottish, and 2.3% were American.
Of the 2,347 households, 27.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were married couples living together, 6.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 26.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.85. The median age was 45.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,667 and the median income for a family was $46,949. Males had a median income of $34,500 versus $32,014 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,606. About 5.8% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.0% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Agriculture is one of the primary industries in Broadwater County. RY Timber and Wheat Montana Bakery were the largest private employers according to the 2000 Census.
Communities
City
Townsend (county seat)
Census-designated places
Radersburg
Spokane Creek
The Silos
Toston
Wheatland
Winston
Unincorporated communities
Canton
Copper City
Diamond City
Eustis
Holker
Lombard
Former communities
Lombard
See also
USS Broadwater (APA-139)
List of lakes in Broadwater County, Montana
List of mountains in Broadwater County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Broadwater County MT
Yorks Islands
References
External links
TownsendValley.com
Montana counties on the Missouri River
1897 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1897
Camino Nuevo is a barrio in the municipality of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,391.
Features
El Guano Beach is located in Camino Nuevo, Yabucoa.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Camino Nuevo barrio was 1,435.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Camino Nuevo barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
Tad Czapski (born 1957) is a British Formula One engineer.
Career
From childhood, Czapski's passion was electronics. After graduating from school, they became a student of the Electronics Department of Bangor University, where they obtained a bachelor's degree. Then they decided to research a relatively new digital signal processing system, which won them many awards and a master's degree. In the mid-1980s, they worked in Birmingham for the automotive company Lucas Industries mainly on improving fuel injection. After a few years, Czapski founded an electronics design consultancy, and for the next eight years they specialized in electronic control systems in the aerospace industry.
In June 1991, Tom Walkinshaw became chief engineer for Formula 1, Benetton. They quickly began searching for a new generation of engineers to meet the new challenges imposed by Benetton in Formula 1. In the fall of 1992, Czapski joined Benetton, working in advanced electronic systems such as active suspension, automatic transmissions, ABS and traction control. Czapski was responsible for the control systems in the Benetton B193 drive train. However, in October 1993, the FIA ​​imposed a ban on the use of any electronic aids.
The 1994 season began with many suspicions that some bands were using electronic systems despite the ban. The dispute reached its peak in August, when the FIA ​​announced that an analysis of Michael Schumacher's Benetton B194 software at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix showed that it contained a launch control system that exploited the maximum power of the propulsion system and allowed for a fully automated start. This system could be activated from a laptop by selecting the thirteenth option (out of 10 visible on the screen). However, in the absence of evidence of the use of this system, the FIA ​​did not penalize Benetton with the exception of $ 100,000 due to significant delays in the delivery of the engine management systems.
In 1996, Czapski moved with Schumacher to Ferrari, but after winning the title by Schumacher in 2000, Czapski returned to Great Britain, where they resumed working for Benetton. In 2002, they became head of research and development at Renault Sport. In 2009, they became an employee of Mercedes GP.
The monthly F1 Racing described Czapski as "the Polish wizard of electronics". The weekly Auto Świat suggested that the successes of Schumacher or Renault largely depended on Czapski.
External links
Profile at grandprix.com
Living people
1957 births
British motorsport people
Formula One people
Hiltonius is a genus of cylindrical millipedes in the family Spirobolidae comprising 10 species ranging from the southwestern United States to Guatemala, with most species being found in Mexico. The genus was named by Ralph Vary Chamberlin in 1918, after Professor William A. Hilton of Pomona College who collected the type specimen of H. pulchrus.
Description
Species of Hiltonius range from long and wide, with 40–49 body segments. The eyes are composed of patches of ocelli, widely spaced, containing 21 to 37 ocelli per patch. The legs are short, usually not reaching the sides of the body when held horizontally. Like many other spirobolids, color ranges from brown to nearly black, and thin bands of red or yellow may occur on the rear margins of each segment.
Species
Hiltonius contains 10 named species. Some have wide distributions while others are known only from the type locality- the place where the type specimens were initially discovered. The northernmost species are H. pulchrus and H. carpinus, ranging into southern California and northern Arizona, respectively. A subspecies of H. carpinus occurs in an isolated population in Guatemala.
Similar species
Hiltonius co-occurs with some species of Tylobolus in southern California. Tylobolus species can be distinguished by larger maximum size (up to 92 mm or 3.6 in long), having more ocelli per eye patch (27–50), a larger hooked process on the coxa of the third leg in males, and in details of the gonopods, male reproductive structures.
References
External links
Hiltonius on BugGuide
Spirobolida
Millipedes of North America
Jure Bučar (born January 4, 1966 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia. They represented their native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain).
References
sports-reference
External links
1966 births
Living people
Slovenian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Slovenia
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
20th-century Slovenian people
21st-century Slovenian people
China National Highway 204 (G204) runs from Yantai in Shandong Province to Shanghai. It is 1,031 kilometres in length and runs south from Yantai, going via Shandong and Jiangsu Province, and ends in Shanghai.
Route and distance
See also
China National Highways
Road transport in Shanghai
Transport in Jiangsu
Transport in Shandong
204
The Court of Criminal Appeal () was an appellate court for criminal cases in the law of the Republic of Ireland. It existed from 1924 until 2014, when it was superseded by the Court of Appeal, which can hear appeals for all types of case.
Operation
The Court of Criminal Appeal heard appeals for indictable offences tried in the Circuit Court, the Central Criminal Court, and the Special Criminal Court. The Court sat in a division of three, with one Supreme Court judge and two High Court judges.
The court could hear appeals by a defendant against conviction, sentence or both. Leave to appeal was only given where there was a disagreement on a point of law, although an exception can be made when new evidence becomes available which could not have been presented before the original court.
The Director of Public Prosecutions could also appeal against a sentence on the grounds that it was unduly lenient.
A further appeal to the Supreme Court only lay when the Court of Criminal Appeal itself or the Attorney General certified that a point of law of exceptional public importance needed to be resolved.
History
Before independence
The Crown Cases Act 1848 established a Court for Crown Cases Reserved in each of England and Wales and Ireland. These courts were sometimes called the "Court of Criminal Appeal", but only heard point of law appeals. In England and Wales, a Court of Criminal Appeal was established in 1907, but in Ireland the 1848 court remained in operation.
A Court of Criminal Appeal was temporarily established during the Irish Land War by the Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882. This comprised the judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature except for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland. The 1882 Act expired after three years.
After independence
The Courts of Justice Act 1924 established a new court system under the terms of the 1922 Constitution of the Irish Free State. These included a new Supreme Court and High Court, and a Court of Criminal Appeal comprising judges of those two courts. The courts were re-established in 1961 under the terms of the current (1937) Constitution. The Court of Criminal Appeal was replaced on 5 November 2014 by the Court of Appeal, as mandated by the 33rd Amendment of the Constitution passed in 2013. The Court of Appeal has taken on all hearings of the Court of Criminal Appeals and the Courts-Martial Appeal Court, as well as many backlogged Supreme Court cases.
References
External links
Court of Criminal Appeal – Courts Service of Ireland
Ireland
Courts of the Republic of Ireland
1924 establishments in Ireland
2014 disestablishments in Ireland
Courts and tribunals established in 1924
Courts and tribunals disestablished in 2014
Wanigamuni Ramesh Tarinda Mendis (born 7 July 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the Sri Lanka cricket team. They were part of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They made their international debut for the Sri Lanka cricket team in January 2021.
Domestic career
In March 2018, they were named in Kandy's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, they were also named in Kandy's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In August 2018, they were named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League.
They were the leading run-scorer for Moors Sports Club in the 2018–19 Premier League Tournament, with 612 runs in nine matches. They were also the leading wicket-taker for the team in the tournament, with 30 dismissals in nine matches.
In March 2019, they were named in Dambulla's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In November 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2019 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup in Bangladesh. In January 2020, on the opening day of the 2019–20 Premier League Tournament, Mendis scored their maiden double century in first-class cricket, making 205 runs for Moors Sports Club. They went on to convert it into their maiden triple century, finishing with 300 not out. In October 2020, they were drafted by the Dambulla Viiking for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League.
In August 2021, they were named in the SLC Greens team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. In November 2021, they were selected to play for the Dambulla Giants following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League. In July 2022, they were signed by the Dambulla Giants for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
In January 2021, they were named as a reserve player for Sri Lanka's Test matches against England. They made their Test debut for Sri Lanka, against England, on 22 January 2021. In February 2021, Mendis was named in Sri Lanka's limited overs squad for their series against the West Indies.
During the second Test against Bangladesh in 2021, Mendis claimed bowling figures of 2/86 and 4/103. They helped the debutant Praveen Jayawickrama to take wickets from the other end where Bangladesh lost the match by 202 runs. Finally Sri Lanka won the series 1–0.
In May 2021, they were named in Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Bangladesh. They made their ODI debut for Sri Lanka on 28 May 2021, against Bangladesh, taking two wickets.
In July 2021, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for their series against India. They made their Twenty20 International (T20I) debut on 28 July 2021, for Sri Lanka against India. On 1 October 2021, they were added to Sri Lanka's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. In December 2021, in the second match against the West Indies, Mendis took their first five-wicket haul in Test cricket.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
People from Ambalangoda
Colombo Commandos cricketers
Moor Sports Club cricketers
Dambulla Giants cricketers
Cyrtodactylus dianxiensis, the western Yunnan bent-toed gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to China.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Zhili Army may refer to:
Zhili Army (Fengtian clique)
Zhili Army (Zhili clique)
Firouz Abdolmohammadian (, born 27 March 1942) or Firouz Mohammadi () is a retired Iranian water polo goalkeeper. They competed at the 1974 Asian Games and 1976 Summer Olympics and won a gold medal in 1974.
References
1942 births
People from Ardabil
Living people
Iranian male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1970 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
The 15th South American Youth Championships in Athletics were held at the Estadio El Salitre in Bogotá, Colombia from November 4–5, 2000. For the first time, the competition was open for athletes from the age group under 18 (U18) rather than under 17 (U17) as before.
Medal summary
Medal winners are published for boys and girls. Complete results can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website.
All results are marked as "affected by altitude" (A), because Bogotá is located at 2,625 metres above sea level.
Men
Women
Medal table (unofficial)
Participation (unofficial)
Detailed result lists can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website. An unofficial count yields the number of about 228 athletes from about 12 countries:
(22)
(6)
(63)
(22)
(39)
(29)
(2)
Panama (3)
(3)
Peru (8)
(11)
(20)
References
External links
World Junior Athletics History
South American U18 Championships in Athletics
2000 in Colombian sport
South American U18 Championships
2000 in South American sport
International athletics competitions hosted by Colombia
2000 in youth sport
An able seaman (AB) is a seaman and member of the deck department of a merchant ship with more than two years' experience at sea and considered "well acquainted with their duty". An AB may work as a watchstander, a day worker, or a combination of these roles. Once a sufficient amount of sea time is acquired, then the AB can apply to take a series of courses/examinations to become certified as an officer.
Watchstander
At sea an AB watchstander's duties include standing watch as helmsman and lookout. A helmsman is required to maintain a steady course, properly execute all rudder orders and communicate using navigational terms relating to heading and steering. A watchstander may be called upon to stand security-related watches, such as a gangway watch or anchor watch while the ship is not underway.
Dayworker
An AB dayworker performs general maintenance, repair, sanitation and upkeep of material, equipment, and areas in the deck department. This can include maintenance of the ship's metal structures such as chipping, scraping, cleaning, priming, and painting. Areas frequently in need of such maintenance include the hull, decks, superstructure, cargo gear, and smoke stack. Dayworkers also frequently perform maintenance on lifeboats, rescue boats and life rafts, and emergency and damage control gear. For many vessels, being a dayworker is a position granted to senior ABs, since it generally allows more time for rest and relaxation.
General duties
An AB may be called on to use emergency, lifesaving, damage control, and safety equipment. Able seamen perform all operations connected with the launching of lifesaving equipment. An AB is expected to be able to operate deck machinery, such as the windlass or winches while mooring or unmooring, and to operate cargo gear.
Able seamen require advanced training, including lifeboatman certification.
The ship's boatswain, if carried, is typically a senior AB. The boatswain is in charge of the able seamen and ordinary seaman that comprise the unlicensed deck crew, and reports directly to the chief mate.
Certification
United States
Training
The Code of Federal Regulations establishes in 46 CFR 12.05 five categories of able seaman for the United States Merchant Marine:
Able Seaman—Any Waters, Unlimited. Requires three years service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans or the Great Lakes.
Able Seaman—Limited. Requires 18 months service on deck in vessels of 100 gross tons or more which operate in a service not exclusively confined to the rivers and smaller inland lakes of the United States.
Able Seaman—Special. Requires 12 months service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans, or the navigable waters of the United States including the Great Lakes.
Able Seaman—Special (OSV). Requires six months service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans, or the navigable waters of the United States including the Great Lakes.
Able Seaman—Sail. Requires six months service on deck on sail or auxiliary sail vessels operating on the oceans or the navigable waters of the United States including the Great Lakes.
Time served in certain training programs and school ships may be substituted for the time of service listed above. Special certificates of service are available for able seaman, Great Lakes—18 months service; able seaman, any waters—12 months; able seaman, tugs and towboats—any waters; able seaman, bays and sounds—12 months, vessels 500 gross tons or less not carrying passengers; and able seaman, seagoing barges—12 months.
Examination requirements
For the United States Merchant Marine, the Code of Federal Regulations establishes in 46 CFR 12.05 examination requirements for the certification of able seamen, which includes:
Competence as a lifeboatman, including showing
training in all the operations connected with the launching of lifeboats and liferafts, and in the use of oars;
acquaintance with the practical handling of boats; including the ability to command the boat's crew.
An examination, conducted only in English, consisting of questions regarding:
lifeboats and liferafts, the names of their essential parts, and a description of the required equipment;
the clearing away, swinging out, and lowering of lifeboats and liferafts, and handling of lifeboats under oars and sails, including questions relative to the proper handling of a boat in a heavy sea;
the operation and functions of commonly used types of davits;
knowledge of nautical terms; boxing the compass, either by degrees or points; running lights, passing signals, and fog signals for vessels on the high seas, in inland waters, or on the Great Lakes depending upon the waters on which the applicant has served; and distress signals; and,
knowledge of proper response to commands for handling the wheel and knowledge of the use of engine room telegraph or bell-pull signals.
In the actual demonstration, the applicant shall show ability by taking command of a boat and directing the operation of clearing away, swinging out, lowering the boat into the water, and acting as coxswain in charge of the boat under oars. The AB shall demonstrate ability to row by pulling an oar in the boat. The applicant shall also demonstrate knowledge of the principal knots, bends, splices, and hitches in common use by tying them.
The applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the officer in charge, marine inspection, knowledge of pollution laws and regulations, procedures for discharge containment and cleanup, and methods for disposal of sludge and waste material from cargo and fueling operations.
In 2004, studies indicate that a typical qualified Able Seaman (AB) sailing without an ITF contract might earn around $800 in total compensation; with an ITF contract total compensation is $1,300 per month.
Notable able seamen
Some notable able seamen from the merchant service include:
Perce Blackborow, stowaway and then AB on Shackleton's voyage to Antarctica
John Brightman, Baron Brightman, an English Chancery barrister and ultimately a judge of the House of Lords
Sean Connery, Scottish actor
Joseph Conrad, Polish-British writer
Joseph Curran, American labor leader
Charles Lindley, Swedish Social Democrat and trade union activist
Jack Lord, American actor
Alan Villiers, Australian author, adventurer, photographer and master mariner
Able seamen in fiction
Tom Ayrton, fictional AB and quartermaster in Jules Verne novels
Sailor Steve Costigan, a fictional AB created by Robert E. Howard
Ben Jackson, fictional AB in sci-fi series Doctor Who
James Jessop, AB and murder suspect in the 2011 video game L.A. Noire.
Long John Silver, from the novel Treasure Island.
Titty Walker, in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's novels.
Able-bodied seaman
Some modern references claim that AB stands for able-bodied seaman as well as, or instead of, able seaman. Able seaman was originally entered using the abbreviation AB instead of the more obvious AS in ships' muster books or articles. Such an entry was likely to avoid confusion with ordinary seaman (OS). Later the abbreviation began to be written as A.B., leading to the folk-etymological able-bodied seaman. The "correct" term, able seaman, remains in use in legal documents, in seaman's papers, and aboard ship.
See also
Boatswain
Deck department
Ordinary seaman (occupation)
Seafarer's professions and ranks
References
External links
The Northwest Maritime Academy Able Seaman Courses
Marine occupations
Pominovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Pominovskaya is located 30 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sinyakovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Tel Katzir (, lit. "Harvest Hill") is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located to the south of the Sea of Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1949 by a gar'in of Hebrew Scouts and a kvutza of youths from kibbutz Afikim.
There is a small museum in the kibbutz about its history and the period between 1948 and 1967. Its name was adapted from the Arabic name for the area, Tell al-Qasr, and also symbolises agriculture. Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion refused to accept the name, insisting that it should be called Beit Katzir because it was not a real tell. However, after the kibbutz's secretariat noted that Tel Aviv was not a real tell, and that Ramat Gan (lit. Garden Heights) was not hilly, they eventually won recognition of their preferred name.
The kibbutz stands 2 km east of the site, and on the traditional village lands, of the depopulated Palestinian village of Samakh.
Due to the fact it was situated in the Israel–Syria demilitarised zone under the 1949 Armistice Agreements, Tel Katzir was claimed by Syria as its territory during negotiations for a peace agreement in the 1990s. The Israeli government rejected the claims, as it would have led to Syria having territory west of the 1923 border between Mandatory Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria.
Notable people
Eli Hurvitz (1932–2011), industrialist; Chairman of the Board and former CEO of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries
Mark Regev (born 1960), formerly Mark Freiberg, is the official spokesperson for the Prime Minister of Israel. In 1982 they emigrated to Israel and lived and worked at kibbutz Tel Katzir
References
Kibbutzim
Kibbutz Movement
Populated places established in 1949
Populated places in Northern District (Israel)
1949 establishments in Israel
Qanyaruq or Qonyaruq (), also rendered as Qaniaruq or Qanyaroq or Guniarukh, may refer to:
Qanyaruq-e Bala
Qanyaruq-e Pain
The Umiray–Angat Transbasin Project (UATP) is an expansion project of the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System (MWSS) for the supply of the Angat Dam reservoir. The 4.30 meter diameter tunnel-aqueduct system diverts waters from the Umiray River east of the Angat Basin. 20–30% of the water that is consumed in Metro Manila and its outlying regions is supplied by the Umiray Basin.
History
The Philippine government and MWSS has been studying new water sources for Metro Manila since the 1990s, as the capital has mainly relied on the Angat-Ipo-La Mesa water system as its source since the 1960s, and the demand for potable water has been projected to grow from 4,000 million liters a day (mld) to 5,680 mld by 2020. The study has led to the identification of the Umiray River, Kaliwa River, Kanan River, Marikina River, and Laguna de Bay as possible sources for the growing demand.
While Kaliwa and Kanan River in Quezon Province would be a long-term outlook, the potential of the low impact diversion of Umiray River was considered in 1993. Angat Basin falls under a Climate Type 1, which experiences two seasons, dry season being from the months of March–May, while Umiray River Basin closer to the Pacific Ocean experiences Climate Type 2, which has an all-year round wet weather with pronounced rainfall from November to January. Despite having a smaller basin, Umiray River has a greater discharge volume compared to the Angat Basin due to its climate type.
The Philippine government awarded the US$140 million contract to a Filipino-Italian consortium formed by SELI S.p.A, Grandi Lavori Fincosit S.p.A. of Italy, and J.V. Angeles Construction Corp. Asian Development Bank (ADB) provided a $92 million grant, while the rest was financed by MWSS. Tunneling work commenced in 1996 with a 4.88m diameter Robbins shielded tunnel boring machine. When the contract was awarded to the Filipino-Italian consortium as they had the available tunnel boring machines (TBM) which usually would take a year to manufacture and deliver onsite. The consortium also offered a second TBM which would cut the timeline by another year. The project was set with delays, but finally completed and operational by June 2000 and at a lower cost projected.
On September 28, 1998, Pres. Fidel V. Ramos released Proclamation 264, establishing the Umiray River Watershed Reservation, which encompasses 16,722.75 hectares for the sole purpose of maintaining and conserving the water basin for the UATP.
On November 29, 2004, the tunnel and its facilities were severely damaged because of the effects of Typhoon Unding. This resulted to a complete stoppage of operation of UATP as boulders, logs, and mud clogged the tunnel. It took 3.5 months to declog the tunnel while Metro Manila experienced a 30% drop in supply of water. MWSS sought a permanent solution, and this resulted to the Umiray-Angat Transbasin Rehabilitation Project (UATRP).
Studies for the UATRP began in 2013 and on December 28, 2015 the MWSS released the Notice of Award to A.M. Oreta Construction. However, work has been stalled by the Local Government Unit after the flooding accident at the Sumag River Diversion Project.
In 2014, the Sumag River Diversion Project (SRDP), an original branch of the UATP finally commenced, and the objective was to connect the Sumag River with a 600m long 2.5m diameter tunnel to the existing UATP. The SRDP is expected to bring an additional 188mld into the Angat Reservoir. The project has been beset with delays and a suspension because of a flash-flooding incident resulting to the deaths of six workers and surveyors in 2016. In November 2019, Pres. Rodrigo R. Duterte ordered the continuation of the tunnel, with Cong. Danilo Suarez providing a support last July 2020. As of March 2021, the project is 71.29% complete.
Description
The UATP tunnel-aqueduct has a length of 13.1 km with an internal diameter of 4.3m. The original plans called for two branch tunnels, with 3 Tyrolean diversion weirs. Currently, only the main tunnel is under operation, providing an average of 13 m3/s flow, with a maximum capacity of 30 m3/s. The inlet of UATP is a Tyrolean weir where it takes advantage of the Umiray River's high capacity of 80 m3/s. This translates to 780 million liters a day (mld). The conveyance of the water from inlet to the Mancua River is done through gravity.
The intake portion of the project also included a mini-hydropower plant generating about 970 kilowatts. UATP also includes an 18 km electrical transmission line from Angat to Umiray River Weir Inlet.
Given that the intake at Umiray River is isolated, the site is only accessible by helicopter. However, there is also a barge on Angat Reservoir that ends at Mancua, Dona Remedios Trinidad where MWSS built a 3 km road to the outlet of the UATP at the Mancua River. To transport operations & maintenance workers, and material, a suspended railcar system was also constructed in the main tunnel and is used during low-flow.
See also
Aqueduct (water supply)
Hydroelectricity
References
Hydroelectric power plants in the Philippines
Sierra Madre (Philippines)
Buildings and structures in Bulacan
Tunnels in the Philippines
Water supply and sanitation in Metro Manila
Buildings and structures in Quezon
Laughter & Lust Live is a live concert video by the British singer-songwriter and musician Joe Jackson, which was released on VHS and LaserDisc by Warner Music Vision in 1992. Laughter & Lust Live was filmed on 20 September 1991 at the State Theatre in Sydney. It was the final concert of Jackson's world tour promoting their album Laughter & Lust. In September 1992, the concert first aired on UK television on the BBC One channel.
Critical reception
On its release, Brenda Herrmann of the Chicago Tribune considered the video to "show the perfectionist performer at their best - simply giving one heck of a show". They praised the "extremely able backup band" but was critical of the "mundane lighting" and the director's "frequent focus" on Mindy Jostyn. Herrmann concluded: "Jackson's commitment to sparking sound production and their fine songs provide great video entertainment".
Track listing
"Steppin' Out"
"It's Different for Girls"
"Got the Time"
"Obvious Song"
"Hit Single"
"Another World"
"Look Sharp!"
"The Other Me"
"Real Men"
"Rant and Rave"
"Nineteen Forever"
"Oh Well"
"Jamie G."
"One More Time"
"Stranger than Fiction"
"I'm the Man"
"A Slow Song"
Personnel
Joe Jackson's Band
Joe Jackson - vocals, keyboards
Ed Roynesdal - keyboards, violin
Graham Maby - bass, vocals
Tom Teeley - guitar, vocals, piano
Sue Hadjopoulos - percussion, vocals
Dan Hickey - drums
Mindy Jostyn - vocals, guitar, harmonica, violin
Production
Maurice Todman - director
Philip Dreamer - producer
Peter C. Skillman - executive in charge of production
Steven Jensen, Martin Kirkup, Frankie Enfield, Libby Wilson, Joe Jackson - executive producers
References
Concert films
1992 video albums
Joe Jackson (musician) live albums
Morley K Gunderson, is a Canadian labour economist and professor emeritus at the Centre for Industrial Relations and Human Resources at the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario.  They are the inaugural holder of the CIBC Chair in Youth Employment at University of Toronto. In honour of their tenure as director of the Centre for Industrial Relations and Human Resources from 1985-1997, the Morley Gunderson Prize was established.  They are known for their contributions to understanding the effects of minimum wages, youth employment, and gender discrimination in the labour market.
They received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1967 from Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, a Masters of Arts degree in 1970 and a Ph.D. in 1971, both from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. They have been a Visiting Scholar at Stanford University and the International Institute for Labour Research in Geneva, Switzerland.
For their contributions to scholarship, Gunderson has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, was the first Canadian to be elected as a Fellow of the Labor and Employment Relations Association. Every year the Morley Gunderson Lecture in Labour Economics & Industrial Relations is held, jointly sponsored by the Centre for Industrial Relations & Human Resources, the Department of Economics, and Woodsworth College, Toronto all at the University of Toronto. In 2003 they were awarded the Gérard Dion Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Field of Industrial Relations and in 2015 they were given the Carolyn Tuohy Impact on Public Policy Award.
References
External links
Morley Gunderson Lecture
Morley Gunderson Prize
Morley Gunderson archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
Living people
Canadian economists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Toronto faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gallatin County is located in the U.S. state of Montana. With its county seat in Bozeman, it is the second-most populous county in Montana, with a population of 118,960 in the 2020 Census.
The county's prominent geographical features are the Bridger mountains in the north, and the Gallatin mountains and Gallatin River in the south, named by Meriwether Lewis in 1805 for Albert Gallatin, the United States Treasury Secretary who formulated the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
At the southern end of the county, West Yellowstone's entrance into Yellowstone National Park accounts for around half of all park visitors. Big Sky Resort, one of the largest ski resorts in the United States, lies in Gallatin and neighboring Madison counties, midway between Bozeman and West Yellowstone.
History
During the territorial era, a small patch of land known as "Lost Dakota" existed as a remote exclave of Dakota Territory until it was transferred to Gallatin County, Montana Territory, in 1873.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The county attained its present boundaries in 1978, when the former Yellowstone National Park (part) county-equivalent was dissolved and apportioned between Gallatin County and Park County. Gallatin County received of land area and of water area, whereas Park County received of land area and of water area. The geographies transferred are known now as Census Tract 14 in Gallatin County, and as Census Tract 6 in Park County.
Major highways
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 191
U.S. Highway 287
Montana Highway 2
Montana Highway 64
Montana Highway 84
Montana Highway 85
Montana Highway 86
Montana Secondary Highway 205
Adjacent counties
Madison County - west
Jefferson County - northwest
Broadwater County - north
Meagher County - northeast
Park County - east
Park County, Wyoming - southeast
Teton County, Wyoming - southeast
Fremont County, Idaho - southwest
National protected areas
Gallatin National Forest (part)
Yellowstone National Park (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 67,831 people, 26,323 households, and 16,188 families living in the county. The population density was 26 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 29,489 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was:
96.20% White
0.23% Black or African American
0.88% Native American
0.89% Asian
0.06% Pacific Islander
0.54% from other races
1.19% from two or more races
1.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.7% were of German, 11.2% Irish, 10.4% English, 9.0% Norwegian and 5.5% American ancestry.
In the county households, 29.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.80% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.50% were non-families. 24.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.94.
The county population contained 22.00% under the age of 18, 18.50% from 18 to 24, 30.40% from 25 to 44, 20.60% from 45 to 64, and 8.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females there were 108.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,120, and the median income for a family was $46,639. Males had a median income of $30,866 versus $21,330 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,074. About 6.30% of families and 12.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.50% of those under age 18 and 5.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 89,513 people, 36,550 households, and 21,263 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 42,289 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.1% White, 1.1% Asian, 0.9% American Indian, 0.3% Black or African American, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.7% from other races, and 1.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.2% were German, 18.1% were Irish, 14.7% were English, 9.4% were Norwegian, and 3.5% were American.
Of the 36,550 households, 27.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.8% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 41.8% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 32.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,136 and the median income for a family was $65,029. Males had a median income of $42,245 versus $31,349 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,423. About 7.4% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.5% of those under age 18 and 8.2% of those age 65 or over.
2020 Census
As of the 2020 census, there were 118,960 people and 46,990 households living in the county. The population density was . There were 52,835 housing units in the county at an average density of . The racial make of the county was 89.0% White, 1.2% Asian, 0.9% American Indian, 0.4% Black of African American, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.8% from other races, and 6.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic of Latino origin made up 5.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.4% were German, 14.8% were Irish, 12.4% were English, 8.8% were Norwegian, 4.6% were Italian, 4.0% were French, 3.5% were Scottish, 2.2% were Polish and 0.3% were Subsaharan African.
Of the 46,990 households, 48.2% were a Married-couple family household, 23.9% were a "Male householder, no spouse present, family household", and 20.4% were a "Female householder, no spouse present, family household". The averager family size was 2.96 in the county. The median age was 33.1 years old, compared with 40.1 in Montana.
The median income for a household in the county was $75,418 in the county, significantly higher than the $57,153 median household income in all of Montana. 11.9% of the population was below the poverty line, including 6.9% of those under 18 and 6.5% of those over 65.
Government and politics
Gallatin County has traditionally favored Republican presidential candidates, often by large margins. Recent changes to Gallatin County's demographics (including migration from Democratic-leaning areas, and younger voters adopting more liberal political positions) have made the county more competitive.
Democratic candidates Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton narrowly won Gallatin County in 2008 and 2016 respectively, with Republican Mitt Romney winning in 2012. 2020 Democratic candidate Joe Biden won Gallatin County by the largest margin for a Democrat since Franklin Delano Roosevelt's victory in 1940.
Communities
Cities
Belgrade
Bozeman (county seat)
Three Forks
Towns
Manhattan
West Yellowstone
Census-designated places
Amsterdam (formerly Amsterdam-Churchill)
Big Sky
Bridger
Churchill (formerly Amsterdam-Churchill)
Four Corners
Gallatin Gateway
Gallatin River Ranch
Hebgen Lake Estates
King Arthur Park
Ponderosa Pines
Sedan
Springhill
Willow Creek
Unincorporated communities
Hillman
Logan
Maudlow
Notable people
Zales Ecton, United States Senator from Montana, lived in Gallatin County.
See also
List of lakes in Gallatin County, Montana
List of mountains in Gallatin County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gallatin County, Montana
Lost Dakota
References
External links
Gallatin County, MT Official Website
Gallatin County Emergency Management
1865 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1865
Ravivaar With Star Parivaar is an Indian Hindi-language television game show that premiered on 12 June 2022 on StarPlus and concluded on 25 September 2022. It digitally streams on Disney+ Hotstar. The series is hosted by Arjun Bijlani and Amaal Mallik., and features the various StarPlus television series casts competing in a music competition. The show features eight-Star Plus's shows competitng against each other to win the title of Best Parivaar. Team Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai emerged as the winner of the show.
Cast
Team Anupamaa:
Rupali Ganguly (Episode 1,2,4,5,7,8,9,10,11,12,14,15,16)
Gaurav Khanna (Episode 1,2,4,5,7,8,9,10,11,12,14,15,16)
Sudhanshu Pandey (Episode 1,2,4,5,7,8,9,15,16)
Madalsa Sharma Chakraborty (Episode 1,2,5,7,8,9)
Aashish Mehrotra (Episode 2,11,15,16)
Alpana Buch (Episode 2,4,5,9,16)
Shekhar Shukla (Episode 2,5,9,13,16)
Tasneem Sheikh (Episode 2,5,9,12,13,16)
Nidhi Shah (Episode 11,15,16)
Muskaan Bamne (Episode 5,16)
Team Imlie:
Sumbul Touqeer Khan (Episode 1,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,12,13,14,15,16)
Fahmaan Khan (Episode 1,3,5,7,8,9,12,13,14,15,16)
Gaurav Mukesh (Episode 1,3,4,5,7,13,16)
Nilima Singh (Episode 1,3,4,5,7,9,12,13,16)
Rajashri Rani (Episode 3,5,16)
Neetu Pandey (Episode 3,16)
Resham Prashant (Episode 3,4,5,16)
Vaibhavi Kapoor (Episode 3,5)
Team Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai:
Pranali Rathod (Episode 1,3,4,6,7,8,10,11,14,15,16)
Harshad Chopda (Episode 1,3,4,7,8,14,16)
Karishma Sawant (Episode 1,3,16)
Sachin Tyagi (Episode 1,3,7,15,16)
Mayank Arora (Episode 3,16)
Sharan Anandani (Episode 3,16)
Vinay Jain (Episode 3,4,16)
Pragati Mehra (Episode 3,4,16)
Ami Trivedi (Episode 7,8,11,16)
Paras Priyadarshan (Episode 11,16)
Team Pandya Store:
Shiny Doshi (Episode 1,6,7,13,14,16)
Kinshuk Mahajan (Episode 1,6,13,14,16)
Alice Kaushik (Episode 1,6,8,9,11,12,13,14,15,16)
Kanwar Dhillon (Episode 1,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16)
Akshay Kharodia (Episode 6,16)
Simran Budharup (Episode 6,7,10,16)
Krutika Desai Khan (Episode 6,7,9,11,16)
Mohit Parmar (Episode 6,16)
Team Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin:
Ayesha Singh (Episode 1,2,7,8,10,11,16)
Neil Bhatt (Episode 1,2,7,8,9,12,15,16)
Aishwarya Sharma Bhatt(Episode 1,2,7,12,16)
Kishori Shahane (Episode 1,2,7,12,13,16)
Sheetal Maulik (Episode 2)
Mridul Kumar Sinha (Episode 2)
Tanvi Thakkar (Episode 2)
Sachin Shroff (Episode 2)
Team Banni Chow Home Delivery:
Ulka Gupta (Episode 1,6,7,9,10,12,13,14,15,16)
Pravisht Mishra (Episode 1,6,7,9,12,13,14,15,16)
Rajendra Chawla (Episode 1,6,7,9,16)
Parvati Sehgal (Episode 1,6,7,9,16)
Team Saath Nibhaana Saathiya 2:
Sneha Jain (Episode 1,7)
Gautam Vig (Episode 1,7)
Akanksha Juneja (Episode 1)
Roma Bali (Episode 1,7)
Hargun Grover (Episode 7)
Team Yeh Hai Chahatein:
(Eliminated Week 7)
Sargun Kaur Luthra (Episode 1,4,7)
Abrar Qazi (Episode 1,4,7)
Mallika Nayak (Episode 1,4,7)
Swarna Pandey (Episode 1)
Siddharth Shivpuri (Episode 1,7)
Team Saas (Week 4):
Alpana Buch - Anupamaa
Mallika Nayak -Yeh Hai Chahatein
Nilima Singh - Imlie
Pragati Mehra - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Team Bahu (Week 4):
Rupali Ganguly - Anupamaa
Sargun Kaur Luthra - Yeh Hai Chahatein
Sumbul Touqeer Khan - Imlie
Pranali Rathod - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Team Pati (Week 8):
Gaurav Khanna - Anupamaa
Kanwar Dhillon - Pandya Store
Fahmaan Khan - Imlie
Harshad Chopda - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Neil Bhatt - Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin
Sudhanshu Pandey - Anupamaa
Vinay Jain - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Team Patni (Week 8):
Rupali Ganguly - Anupamaa
Alice Kaushik - Pandya Store
Sumbul Touqeer Khan - Imlie
Pranali Rathod - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Ayesha Singh - Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin
Madalsa Sharma Chakraborty - Anupamaa
Ami Trivedi - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Team Ladki Wale (Week 9)
Kanwar Dhillon - Pandya Store
Alice Kaushik - Pandya Store
Fahmaan Khan - Imlie
Sumbul Touqueer - Imlie
Pranali Rathod - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Krutika Desai Khan - Pandya Store
Tasneem Sheikh - Anupamaa
Nilima Singh - Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin
Team Ladke Wale (Week 9)
Rupali Ganguly - Anupamaa
Gaurav Khanna - Anupamaa
Sudhanshu Pandey - Anupamaa
Madalsa Sharma Chakraborty - Anupamaa
Rajendra Chawla - Banni Chow Home Delivery
Parvati Sehgal - Banni Chow Home Delivery
Alpana Buch - Anupamaa
Neil Bhatt - Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin
Team Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi [RNBDJ] (Week 14)
Alice Kaushik - Pandya Store
Kanwar Dhillon - Pandya Store
Pranali Rathod - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Harshad Chopda - Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
Rupali Ganguly - Anupamaa
Gaurav Khanna - Anupamaa
Team Ek Duje Ke Liye [EDKL] (Week 14)
Sumbul Touqueer - Imlie
Fahmaan Khan - Imlie
Shiny Doshi - Pandya Store
Kinshuk Mahajan - Pandya Store
Ulka Gupta - Banni Chow Home Delivery
Pravisht Mishra - Banni Chow Home Delivery
Team Status
Winning Status
Guests
References
External links
Ravivaar With Star Parivaar on Disney+ Hotstar
Indian game shows
2022 Indian television series debuts
StarPlus original programming
2022 Indian television seasons
Christine Merlin is a French chronobiologist and an associate professor of biology at Texas A&M University. Merlin's research focuses on the underlying genetics of the monarch butterfly circadian clock and explores how circadian rhythms modulate monarch behavior and navigation.
Background
Christine Merlin was born on September 24, 1980 in southwestern France. They attended Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris, where they received a BS in animal biology, an MS in invertebrate physiology, and finally their PhD in insect physiology in 2006. They studied circadian rhythms in moths in Versailles at the National Institute for Research on Agronomy in the lab of Emmanuelle Jacquin-Joly and Martine Maibeche-Coisne while studying for their doctorate. In 2007, they began working in the lab of Steven Reppert at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. There, they studied the migration of monarch butterflies, established reverse genetics in this new model system, and collaborated on a paper outlining the monarch genome.
In 2013, they became an assistant professor of biology at Texas A&M University, where they work now. They joined the Center of Biological Clocks Research as a faculty member studying biology, specifically the circadian clock regulation of monarch butterfly migration. They also became a faculty member of Texas A&M's Genetics and Neuroscience interdisciplinary program in 2014, as well as their Ecology and Evolutionary Biology interdisciplinary program in 2015.
Scientific contributions
Merlin has helped publish over 25 papers during the course of their career and has garnered over 2000 citations for their work.
The migration of monarch butterflies and its control by circadian clocks
Monarch butterflies use the sun as a compass to precisely orient themselves across long distances during migration. Merlin and colleagues determined that circadian clocks located in the antennae play a significant role in navigation in migratory monarch butterflies. Using tests of necessity, Merlin and colleagues analyzed migratory butterfly orientation with intact antennae, without antennae, or with antennae coated with black paint, and concluded that butterflies without antennae or with antennae harboring desynchronized antennal clocks (coated black) were unable to orient relative to the sun. They isolated butterfly antennae in vitro and discovered that they sustained 24-hour rhythms in constant conditions after entrainment to light-dark cycles. By measuring expression of clock genes Per, Tim, and Cry2, Merlin determined that a circadian clock exists in the monarch antennae, functioning independently of the brain clock.
Monarch butterflies use a time-compensated sun compass that is a part of the insect's light-entrained circadian clocks located in the antennae. Merlin and colleagues conducted a test of sufficiency to determine if one or both antennae are needed to properly orient. They found that either antenna can be sufficient for time compensation, but surprisingly that butterflies with one of their antennae painted black and the other painted clear had disoriented flight. In this experimental condition, the antenna painted black would block entrainment from light cues while the antenna painted clear would allow entrainment from light cues. When the black-painted antenna from this experimental condition was ablated, the butterfly would then be able to properly orient by using just the single clear-painted antenna to entrain. The team also observed that Per and Tim gene expression was highly rhythmic in the clear-painted antennae, but disrupted in the black-painted antennae. Merlin and coworkers concluded that each antenna has its own clock outputs that are then processed together in the sun compass to direct the orientation of flight.
In 2011, Merlin (along with Steven Reppert, Shuai Zhan, and Jeffrey Boore) contributed to outlining the genome of the migratory monarch butterfly and described the operation of circadian clocks as a method of regulating migration. The monarch clock relies on a transcription-translation feedback loop (TTFL) that contains many of the same genetic components as the clocks of other arthropods, such as Drosophila melanogaster. One notable difference between the monarch clock and the Drosophila melanogaster clock is the appearance of both a light-sensitive CRY1 and a transcriptionally repressive CRY2 in the monarch clock, while Drosophila melanogaster only contains CRY1. As most arthropods have both CRY types, this result provided additional evidence that both CRY were at “the base of arthropod evolution.” They highlighted two main uses for the clock. One use is for sun compass orientation, which allows the monarch to navigate towards its destination by detecting the horizontal position of the sun and the polarized skylight patterns produced. The other use is for the initiation of migration by detecting decreasing day length in the autumn.
Genetic editing: TALENs & CRISPR/Cas9
Merlin and their lab have been consistently interested in exploring methods of selective genetic editing via tools such as zinc finger proteins, which enable the creation of targeted gene knockouts within a specified locus. In 2016, Merlin and colleagues demonstrated that both TALENs and CRISPR/Cas9 technologies could be utilized in a similar manner to create highly efficient, heritable, targeted mutagenesis at selected genomic loci. Merlin and their team were able to generate genetic knockouts of the Cry2 and Clk genes within the monarch genome, two notable clock genes responsible in part for the regulation and modulation of the monarch circadian clock. These knockouts were shown to be heritable, with the injection of less than 100 eggs being sufficient to recover mutant progeny; enabling the generation of mutant knockout lines in around 3 months. These findings provided new research methods for the genetic manipulation and study of monarch clock genes, as it is currently being explored by the Merlin Lab.
Monarch migration, photoperiodic induction and genetics
While researching monarchs, Merlin headed a paper alongside graduate students Samantha E. Liams and Aldrin B. Lugena and delved into a deeper understanding of monarch migration, its concomitant photoperiodic induction of diapause, and the underlying genetic components. Monarchs who migrate in the fall experience a reproductive diapause response to prepare for their migration, which is triggered by the shortened days and colder temperatures of autumn. In laboratory conditions, female monarchs produce less mature oocytes in short photoperiods than in long ones, and Merlin and colleagues genetically demonstrated the involvement of clock genes in the response. They also identified the vitamin A pathway in the brain as being differentially regulated in a photoperiod manner. Using a CRISPR/Cas9-mediated loss of function mutant of gene nina B1, a gene that encodes the rate limiting enzyme that converts β-carotene into retinal, they demonstrated the necessity of this pathway for the photoperiodic induction of reproductive diapause. As in other insects, diapause in monarchs is known to result from juvenile hormone deficiency in the corpora cardiaca-corpora allata complex, but the link between the hormone and vitamin A is currently unknown.
Magnetoreception
In 2021, Merlin was credited as assisting in a research article focused on the magnetoreception of monarch butterflies. While the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying magnetic sensing has not yet been discovered, the connection to the photoexcitation of CRY proteins has been linked to both CRY1 in Drosophila and CRY2 in monarchs and humans. This discovery in humans and monarchs was identified due to the finding that overexpression in CRY-deficient flies restored magnetosensitivity, suggesting they perform photochemical reactions for the magnetosensitivity in the fly's cellular environment. In order to test reorientation using magnetic inclination in monarchs, both fall migrant monarchs and wild-type laboratory monarchs were placed in a flight simulator that manipulated different magnetic field parameters: declination, inclination, and intensity. It was found that both variants of monarchs did not display hyperactivity to the geomagnetic field, but both variants did display an increase in wingbeats upon reversing magnetic inclination. Creating a behavioral assay from this experiment led to the evaluation that the Drosophila CRY1 (dpCry1) was necessary for monarch light-dependent magnetoreception, while the Drosophila CRY2 (dpCry2) was not. The antennae and compound eyes were tested to see if they were necessary for light-dependent magnetoreception. Blocking either one of these organs with black paint led to impaired responses to ambient magnetic inclination and reversal of ambient magnetic inclination. This indicates that the monarch's antennae and compound eyes are necessary for magnetosensing, and that impairing one of these organs cannot be compensated by the other.
Ongoing research
As of 2021, the Merlin lab is currently focused on utilizing reverse genetic tools to further unravel clockwork mechanisms in the monarch, determine how previously identified candidate genes contribute to butterfly migration and photoperiodic sensing, as well as dissect the genetic basis of the magnetic sense. The lab is currently working with known clock genes in vivo to understand circadian repressive mechanisms within the monarch and gain further knowledge regarding how insect clocks have evolved. Merlin is also exploring means to expand the monarch genetic toolbox with a focus on developing a reliable CRISPR/Cas9-mediated knock-in approach to introduce reporter tags into loci of interest within the monarch genome and gain insights into the clock circuitry in the brain.
Timeline of selected publications
Jacquin-Joly E and Merlin C (2004) Insect olfactory receptors: contributions of molecular biology to chemical ecology. J Chem Ecol. 30: 2359-97.
Merlin C, Gegear RJ and Reppert SM (2009) Antennal circadian clocks coordinate sun compass orientation in migratory monarch butterflies. Science 325: 1700-1704.
Zhan S, Merlin C, Boore JL and Reppert SM (2011) The monarch butterfly genome yields insights into long-distance migration. Cell 147: 1171-1185.
Markert MJ, Zhang Y, Enuameh MS, Reppert SM, Wolfe SA and Merlin C (2016) Genomic Access to Monarch Migration Using TALEN and CRISPR/Cas9-Mediated Targeted Mutagenesis. G3: Genes, Genomes, Genetics.
Reppert SM, Guerra PA and Merlin C (2016) Neurobiology of Monarch Butterfly Migration. Annual Review of Entomology. 61 (1): 25–42.
Lugena AB, Zhang Y, Menet JS, and Merlin C (2019). Genome-wide discovery of the daily transcriptome, DNA regulatory elements and transcription factor occupancy in the monarch butterfly brain. PLOS Genetics, 15(7). doi:10.1371/journal.pgen.1008265
Wan G, Hayden AN, Liams SE, Merlin C (2021) Cryptochrome 1 mediates light-dependent inclination magnetosensing in monarch butterflies. Nat Commun. 12(1):771.
Honors and awards
The Merlin Lab receives funding from the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, and the Esther A. & Joseph Klingenstein Fund. Merlin has received the following awards for their work in circadian biology:
Charles King Trust Postdoctoral Fellowship from The Medical Foundation (2012)
Klingenstein-Simons Fellowship Award in Neuroscience (2017)
Junior Faculty Research Award from the International Society for Research on Biological Rhythms (2018)
Presidential Impact Fellowship at Texas A&M University (2020)
References
See also
Sun compasses in animals
Circadian clock
Monarch butterfly migration
Arthropod
Necessity and sufficiency
Living people
1980 births
Texas A&M University faculty
Callum David Fraser-Darling (born 30 September 1963) is a former English cricketer. Fraser-Darling was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium-fast. They were born at Sheffield, Yorkshire.
Fraser-Darling made their first-class debut for Nottinghamshire against Cambridge University in 1984. They made ten further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Oxford University in 1988. In their eleven first-class matches, they scored 242 runs at an average of 24.20, with a high score of 61. This score was the only time they passed fifty and came against Northamptonshire in 1986. With the ball, they took 17 wickets at a bowling average of 51.52, with best figures of 5/84. These figures were their only five wicket hauls and came against Northamptonshire in 1986. They made their List A debut against Middlesex in the 1985 John Player Special League. They made fifteen further List A appearance, the last of which came against Surrey in the 1988 Refuge Assurance League. In their sixteen List A appearance, took 18 wickets at an average of 26.38, with best figures of 3/23. With the bat, they scored just 60 runs at an average of 8.57, with a high score of 11.
They left Nottinghamshire at the end of the 1988 season, soon after they pursued a career as a police officer. They still serve today as a Police Constable with Nottinghamshire Constabulary. Since 1989 they have represented the British Police cricket team.
References
External links
David Fraser-Darling at ESPNcricinfo
1963 births
Living people
Cricketers from Sheffield
English cricketers
English cricketers of 1969 to 2000
Nottinghamshire cricketers
British police officers
Sajda is a Ghazal poem album.
Sajda or Sajdah may also refer to:
As-Sajdah - a Surah of the Quran.
Sajdah - a prostration to Allah in Salah.
Sajdahgah - a place of prostration in Islam.
Sajda Ahmed - an Indian politician.
Aakhri Sajda - a Bollywood film.
See also
Sujud (disambiguation)
Sajid (disambiguation)
Prostration (disambiguation)
The cinnamon neopipo or cinnamon manakin-tyrant (Neopipo cinnamomea) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is the only member of the genus Neopipo.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
cinnamon neopipo
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
cinnamon neopipo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Clonmany railway station served Clonmany in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 July 1901 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935.
History
The station played an important role in transporting troops to several British Army bases that were situated in the vicinity of Clonmany. During the first world war, the Glenfield Training Camp was opened in Straid, just outside the village. Leenan and Dunree Forts were also nearby. During the War of Independence, in July 1921, railway workers refused to transport British Soldiers. The soldiers were removed from the train and sent back to Leenan fort.
A man from Rooskey - Hugh O'Donnell - was convicted in January 1925 of stealing 9 stone of coal from the railway company. In their defence, O'Donnell said that they thought that the coal belonged to the British Military, who at the time, still occupied two forts nearby. O'Donnell was found guilty and sentenced to one month's hard labour.
In January 1935, a man from the Isle of Doagh - William McLaughlin - was arrested at the railway station when they were found in possession of 3 1/2 pounds of yeast. At the time, illicit brewing of alcohol was a significant element of the local economy. In order to possess large quantities of yeast, one was required to have a permit. Otherwise, the presumption was that if an individual had a large amount of yeast then it was being used for the production of Poteen. McLaughlin was convicted and find £20.
Accidents
On 20 July 1903 Michael Quigley, a porter at Clonmany station, broke their shin after their foot was caught between the platform and a train carriage footboard. Quigley sued the Londonderry and Lough Swilley Railway company for damages. In January 1904 they were awarded £70 damages with costs by the Lifford Quarter Sessions.
In August 1909, a carriage of train from Clonmany to Buncrana caught fire. The train was chartered for passengers returning from the Clonmany horse races. On arrival at Buncrana, passengers reported that the bottom of a carriage was burning freely. The train was quickly evacuated and moved to a siding and the fire was put out.
In February 1928, a bull escaped after being loaded onto a wagon, where it was due to be transported from Clonmany to the Carndonagh fair. The animal ran along the platform, frightening passengers waiting to get on the train. It then ran along the railway track and escaped onto the main street running through the village, causing panic among school children. Despite efforts of the police and locals, the animal escaped deep into the countryside.
On 30 August 1928 a train carriage jumped the rails while it was being shunted through the station. The carriage was full of passengers who had just attended the Clonmany races. Although no-one was injured, the carriages were evacuated.
In July 1933, a horse bolted as it was being used to load timber onto a railway carriage, causing planks to be scattered in all directions. The horse galloped into the village and was eventually caught by a local police officer.
Architecture
After the line was closed, the station building was converted into a house. In 2008, it was listed in the national inventory of architectural heritage. Remnants of the platform and the water tower are still visible.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1901
Railway stations closed in 1935
1901 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
Mattigaikurichi is a village in Kallakurichi District in State of Tamil Nadu, India.
This small village is located on the north bank of the river Gomuki, It is 6 km away from Kallakurichi, in Sankarapuram Taluk, Villupuram District.
As per 2011 India census, Mattigaikurichi had a population of 1658. Males constitute 49% of the population and females 51%. Most of the villagers are farmers.
There is an elementary school, built by the villagers and since 1969 there has also been a Government Middle school.
Demographics
According to 2011 census, Mattigaikurichi had a population of 1658 with a sex-ratio of 848 Females & 810 Males. The average literacy of the village was 67.08% and there were a total of 1300 workers, comprising 840 cultivators, 400 main agricultural labourers.
Climate
The climate is moderate to hot, with the maximum temperature being 38 °C and the minimum at 21 °C. The Village gets its rainfall from the northeast monsoon during the winter months and the southwest monsoon during the summer months. The average annual rainfall is 1,070 mm.
References
Cities and towns in Kallakurichi district
Hugh Mackay may refer to:
Hugh Mackay (general) (c. 1640–1692), Scottish general who served during the Revolution of 1688
Hugh Mackay of Bighouse, 18th century Scottish soldier
Hugh Mackay, 14th Lord Reay (1937–2013), member of the British House of Lords
Hugh Mackay (Quebec politician) (1832–1890), businessperson and politician in Quebec
Hugh Mackay (footballer) (1867–?), English footballer
Hugh Mackay (social researcher) (born 1938), Australian social researcher
Hugh Mackay (Charlotte County, New Brunswick politician) (died 1848), politician in New Brunswick
Hugh Mackay (Saint John County, New Brunswick politician) (1887–1957), Canadian politician
Hugh MacKay (Nova Scotia politician), Canadian politician
Hugh Colin MacKay, Canadian Surgeon General
See also
Hugh McKay (disambiguation)
The 38th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1935 New Brunswick general election, the 38th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 38th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 18th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 2014 New Brunswick general election, the 58th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 58th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 38th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Denio Mariano González Manzueta (born July 22, 1963) is a former professional baseball infielder. They played during five seasons at Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Cleveland Indians. They were signed by the Pirates as an amateur free agent in . González played their first professional season (in American baseball) with their Rookie league Gulf Coast Pirates in , and their last season with the Triple-A affiliates of the Cincinnati Reds (Nashville Sounds) and Boston Red Sox (Pawtucket Red Sox) in .
External links
1963 births
Living people
Águilas Cibaeñas players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Cleveland Indians players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Dominican Republic baseball coaches
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Canada
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Japan
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Dominican Republic national baseball team people
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Hawaii Islanders players
Major League Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Nashville Sounds players
Nippon Professional Baseball second basemen
Nippon Professional Baseball third basemen
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Portland Beavers players
Tidewater Tides players
Vancouver Canadians players
Yomiuri Giants players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Taiwan
China Times Eagles players
Charros de Jalisco players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Diablos Rojos del México players
Olmecas de Tabasco players
Saraperos de Saltillo players
Countermeasure in public international law refers to reprisals not involving the use of force. In other words, it refers to non-violent acts which are illegal in themselves, but become legal when executed by one state in response to the commission of an earlier illegal act by another state towards the former.
Definition
The leading case on countermeasure is the 1997 International Court of Justice decision in Gabčíkovo – Nagymaros Dams case. The court remarked that, for a countermeasure to be justifiable, it must meet the conditions below:
The act constituting countermeasure must be taken in response to a previous intentional wrongful act of another state and must be directed against that state.
The injured state must have already called upon the state committing the wrongful act to discontinue its wrongful conduct or to make reparation, but the request was refused.
The countermeasure must be commensurate with the injury suffered, taking into account the rights in question.
The purpose behind evoking the countermeasure is to induce the wrongdoing state to comply with its obligations under international law. Therefore, the measure must be reversible.
State responsibility
Article 22 of the International Law Commission draft articles on state responsibility states that the wrongfulness of an act is precluded if the act constitutes a countermeasure. Therefore, a validly executed countermeasure is legal under international law.
References
International law
Raife is a masculine given name (pronounced rayf). It is an English, Scandinavian and German given name for a male, used in many countries across the world but most popular in English-speaking countries. It is of Old Norse origin (meaning "counsel of the wolf" or "wise wolf"), derived from the Old Norse Raðulfr (rað "counsel" + ulfr "wolf") through Old English Rædwulf.
It is a spelling representation of the traditional pronunciation of the name Ralph, a pronunciation now largely restricted to the upper classes. It is recognised with Rafe in the Oxford English Dictionary of Names. In 2016, Raife was listed at 790th most popular boys name in the U.K. In 2017, Raife rose to 606th in the U.K. rankings. In 2018, the name increased in popularity and rose in the ranks again to position 557th.
Notable people with the name include:
Raife Wellsted (1929–2012), British philatelist
See also
Ralph
References
Given names
English masculine given names
Prof Alan George Smithers (born 20 May 1938) is an English educationalist.
Early life
Smithers was born in the East End of London, the son of a Billingsgate fish porter. Their mother worked in a sweet factory, and they claim they lived on fish and Turkish Delight during the war. They were educated at Barking Abbey Grammar School then King's College London, gaining a first class honours degree BSc and then a PhD in Plant Physiology in 1966. From the University of Bradford they gained a degree in the psychology and sociology of education MSc and a PhD in Education in 1974. All professors at the University of Manchester are required to be graduates of the University and in 1981 a master of education MEd was conferred. They became a Chartered Psychologist in 1988.
Career
Plant Physiology
They were originally a research scientist in plant physiology. From 1962 to 1964 they lectured in biology at the College of St Mark and St John in Chelsea, then botany at Birkbeck College from 1964 to 1967.
Education
They became involved in education as a subject when in the 1960s the University of London, where they lectured, began introducing modular degrees. This led to a secondment at the newly elevated University of Bradford. There they re-qualified as a psychologist before becoming Senior Lecturer in Education in 1969. They became a professor at the University of Manchester at the age of 37. They have successively occupied four chairs: Professor of Education at the University of Manchester (1976–96); Professor of Policy Research at Brunel University (1996-8); Sydney Jones Professor of Education at the University of Liverpool (1998–2004); and currently as Director of the Centre for Education and Employment Research at the University of Buckingham (2004 to present). They were elected as one of the first three fellows of the Society for Research in Higher Education in 1986. They were seconded to BP from September 1991 to August 1992 to help it think more systematically about the value of its education programmes.
Educational research
Areas with which Smithers has been associated include choice and selection in education, social variation between schools, qualifications and assessment, physics education, international comparisons of educational achievement, headship, teacher training, recruitment and retention, technical and further education, the independent/state divide, single-sex and coeducation, and higher education.
Publications
Selected publications, in addition to The Good Teacher Training Guide which has been published annually since 1998 include:
GCSEs 2019: Trends and Prospects (2019)
A-Levels 2019: Trends and Forecast (2019)
Where Next for Apprenticeships 2016 (2016)
Social Disadvantage and Widening Access to Universities (2015)
HEFCEs Blunder (2015)
The Science and Mathematics Teaching Workforce (2014)
Confusion in the Ranks (2013)
14-18 A New Vision for Secondary Education (2013)
Educating the Highly Able (2012)
Choice and Selection in Education: the experience of other countries (2010)
Worlds Apart: social variation among schools (2010)
Physics Participation and Policies: lessons from abroad (2009)
Specialist Science Schools (2009)
The Diploma: a disaster waiting to happen? (2008)
Blair's Education: an international perspective (2007)
Physics in Schools and Colleges (2007)
School Headship (2007)
The Paradox of Single Sex and Coeducational Schooling (2006)
England's Education (2004)
Attracting Teachers (2000)
Further Education Reformed (2000)
The Impact of Double Science (1994)
General Studies (1993)
Graduates in the Police Service (1990)
Increasing Participation in Higher Education (1989)
The Growth of Mixed A-Levels (1988)
The Progress of Mature Students (1986)
Sandwich Courses: an Integrated Education? (1976).
Two of their reports were featured as Dispatches programmes on Channel 4, Every Child in Britain (1991) and All Our Futures: Britain's Education Revolution (1993). They have been a frequent commentator on the policies of successive governments. Their analyses of Blair's education have appeared in Anthony Seldon's books, The Blair Effect: The Blair Government 1997-2001 (2001), The Blair Effect 2001-2005 (2005) and Blair's Britain 1997-2007 (2007)
Educational advisor at a national level
Smithers has served as an adviser, latterly standing adviser, to the Commons Education Select Committee since 1997. They claim to be apolitical, believing that close association with any one party compromises the objectivity of the research. They have served on national committees including the National Curriculum Council, the Beaumont Review of National Vocational Qualifications and the Royal Society Committee on Teacher Supply.
Personal life
They married Angela Wykes in 1962, with whom they had two daughters; they divorced in 2003.
References
External links
CEER
University of Buckingham
1938 births
Living people
English educational theorists
English physiologists
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of the University of Bradford
Academics of the University of London
Academics of the University of Bradford
Academics of the University of Buckingham
Academics of the University of Manchester
Academics of Brunel University London
Academics of the University of Liverpool
People educated at Barking Abbey Grammar School
İsmil is a town in Konya Province, Turkey.
Geography
İsmil is a town in Karatay district. (Karatay is an intracity district of Greater Konya.) The town is at . It is a few kilometers south of the Turkish state highway which connects Konya to Adana. The highway distance to Konya is about . The population is 6215 as of 2011
History
The first mention of İsmil in historical records was in the 15th century with reference to the farm of İsmil. The farm was owned by a certain İsmail of Khorasan indicating that the original population of the settlement was Turkmens from Khorasan.
In the 17th century there is another record about the marsh area around ismil. In 1956 Ismail was declared a seat of township.
Economy
Wheat and sugar beet are the main crops of the town. The town also expects revenue from thermal springs around the town when the accommodation infrastructure, now under construction, will be completed.
References
Populated places in Konya Province
Towns in Turkey
Karatay District
Samuel Wanamaker, (born Wattenmacker; June 14, 1919 – December 18, 1993) was an American actor and director who moved to the United Kingdom after becoming fearful of being blacklisted in Hollywood due to their communist views.  They are credited as the person most responsible for saving The Rose Theatre, which led to the modern recreation of Shakespeare's Globe Theatre in London, where they are commemorated in the name of the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse, the site's second theatre.
Early life
Wanamaker was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of tailor Maurice Wattenmacker (Manus Watmakher) and Molly (née Bobele). Their parents were Ukrainian Jews from Mykolaiv. They were the younger of two brothers, the elder being William, long-term cardiologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
They trained at the Goodman School of Drama at the Art Institute of Chicago (now at DePaul University) and at Drake University and began working with summer stock theatre companies in Chicago and northern Wisconsin, where they helped build the stage of the Peninsula Players Theatre in 1937.
Career
Wanamaker began their acting career in traveling shows and later worked on Broadway. In 1942 they starred with Ingrid Bergman in the play Joan of Lorraine and directed Two Gentlemen from Athens the following year.
In 1943, Wanamaker was part of the cast of the play Counterattack at the National Theatre, Washington, D.C. During the play, they became enamored of the ideals of communism. They attended Drake University prior to serving in the U.S. Army between 1943 and 1946, during the Second World War. In 1947, they returned to civilian life as an actor and director. In 1948 they starred in and directed the original Broadway production of Goodbye, My Fancy.
In 1951, Wanamaker made a speech welcoming the return of two of the Hollywood Ten. In 1952, at the height of the McCarthy "Red Scare" period, Wanamaker, who was then acting in the UK, learned that despite their distinguished service in the Army during World War II, their years as a communist could lead to theirs being blacklisted in Hollywood. They consequently decided to remain in England, where they reestablished their career as a stage and film actor, along with becoming a director and producer. They explained:
In 1952, they made their debut as both actor and director in London in Clifford Odets' Winter Journey. The play, which co-starred Michael Redgrave, was considered "sensational" by critics. They later appeared in other plays, including The Big Knife, The Shrike, The Rainmaker, and A Hatful of Rain. In 1956 they directed the British premiere of Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill's musical play The Threepenny Opera (revived in New York in 1954 in a translation by Marc Blitzstein.)
In 1957, they were appointed director of the neglected New Shakespeare Theatre in Liverpool. They brought a number of notable productions to the theatre, such as A View From the Bridge, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Rose Tattoo and Bus Stop. It was also transformed into a lively arts centre as a result of including other cultural attractions, such as films, lectures, jazz concerts and art exhibits.
As a result of all their various activities, Wanamaker became London's "favourite American actor and director", noted The Guardian. In 1959, they joined the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre company at Stratford-upon-Avon, playing Iago to Paul Robeson's Othello in Tony Richardson's production that year. In the 1960s and 1970s, they produced or directed several works at venues including the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, and directed the Shakespeare Birthday Celebrations in 1974.
As a director and actor, they worked in both films and television, with roles in The Spiral Staircase (1974), Private Benjamin (1980), Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987), and Baby Boom (1987).
In 1968, they produced and directed the pilot episode of the Western TV series Lancer; a fictionalized version of this is depicted in the 2019 film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, and 2021 novelization with Wanamaker portrayed by Nicholas Hammond in the film.
They also directed stage productions, including the world premiere production of Michael Tippett's opera The Ice Break. In 1980, they directed Giuseppe Verdi's opera Aida starring Luciano Pavarotti at San Francisco Opera (now broadcast version released as DVD). They were also featured as the widowed and very ruthless department store owner Simon Berrenger on the short-lived television drama Berrenger's in 1985.
Restoring the Globe Theatre
In 1970 Wanamaker's career took a dramatic turn after they were annoyed that while a number of replicas of the Globe Theatre existed in the United States, the site of the original in London was marked by only a plaque on a nearby brewery. They then made it their goal to restore an exact replica of the Globe to feature plays and a museum.
It became Wanamaker's "great obsession" to restore Shakespeare's Globe Theatre at its original location. They secured financial support from philanthropists and fellow lovers of Shakespeare, such as Samuel H. Scripps, to see that it would be created. Wanamaker then founded the Shakespeare Globe Trust, which raised well over ten million dollars.
Though, as in the late 16th and 17th centuries, the 20th century Royal family were more or less supportive, British officialdom was far less so, since they wanted to develop the site for new high-rise housing and commercial use. English Heritage, which controlled the site, refused to give Wanamaker the precise dimensions of the original Globe.
According to Karl Meyer of The New York Times:
The Shakespeare project helped Mr. Wanamaker keep their sanity and dignity intact. On their first visit to London in 1949, they had sought traces of the original theatre and was astonished to find only a blackened plaque on an unused brewery. They found this neglect inexplicable, and in 1970 launched the Shakespeare Globe Trust, later obtaining the building site and necessary permissions despite a hostile local council. They siphoned their earnings as actor and director into the project, undismayed by the scepticism of their British colleagues.
On the south bank of the River Thames in London, near where the modern recreation of Shakespeare's Globe stands today, is a plaque that reads: "In Thanksgiving for Sam Wanamaker, Actor, Director, Producer, 1919–1993, whose vision rebuilt Shakespeare's Globe Theatre on Bankside in this parish". There is a blue plaque on the river-side wall of the theatre, and the site's Jacobean indoor theatre, opened in January 2014, is named the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse after him.
For their work in reconstructing the Globe Theatre, Wanamaker, in July 1993, was made an honorary Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). They were also honoured with the Benjamin Franklin Medal by the Royal Society of Arts in recognition of their contribution to theatre.
When multi-Tony Award-winning British actor Mark Rylance accepted their third Tony on stage in New York City during the televised ceremonies on June 8, 2014, they did so with a note of thanks to Wanamaker.
Personal life
In 1940, Wanamaker married Canadian actor Charlotte Holland.
In their 2014 memoir, I Said Yes to Everything, Lee Grant claimed that during production of the film Voyage of the Damned (1976), Wanamaker engaged in an affair with British actor Lynne Frederick, who was twenty-one at the time.
Actress Zoë Wanamaker is their daughter and film historian Marc Wanamaker is their nephew.
Death
Wanamaker died of prostate cancer in London on December 18, 1993, aged 74, prior to the grand opening of the Globe by Queen Elizabeth II on June 12, 1997. They were survived by three daughters, Abby, Zoë, and Jessica.
Filmography
Actor
My Girl Tisa (1948) as Mark Denek
Give Us This Day (1949) as Geremio
Mr. Denning Drives North (1952) as Chick Eddowes
The Secret (1955) as Nick Delaney
The Battle of the Sexes (1959) as Narrator (voice)
The Criminal (1960) as Mike Carter
Taras Bulba (1962) as Filipenko
Man in the Middle (1964) as Maj. Leon Kaufman, a psychiatrist
The Spy Who Came In from the Cold (1965) as Peters
Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines (1965) as George Gruber
Warning Shot (1967) as Frank Sanderman
The Day the Fish Came Out (1967) as Elias
Danger Route (1968) as Lucinda
Arturo UI (1972, TV Movie) as O'Casey
The Law (1974, TV Movie) as Jules Benson
Mousey (1974, TV Movie) as Inspector
The Spiral Staircase (1975) as Lieutenant Fields
The Sell Out (1976) as Harry Sickles
Voyage of the Damned (1976) as Carl Rosen
Billy Jack Goes to Washington (1977) as Bailey
The Billion Dollar Bubble (1978) as Stanley Goldblum
Death on the Nile (1978) as Sterndale Rockford
Holocaust (1978, TV mini-series) as Moses Weiss
Contro 4 bandiere (1979) as Ray MacDonald
Charlie Muffin (1979, TV Movie) as Ruttgers
Private Benjamin (1980) as Teddy Benjamin
The Competition (1980) as Andrew Erskine
Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years (1981) as Bernard Baruch
Our Family Business (1981, TV Movie) as Ralph
I Was a Mail Order Bride (1982, TV Movie) as Frank Tosconi
Heartsounds (1984, TV Movie) as Moe Silverman
Irreconcilable Differences (1984) as David Kessler
The Ghost Writer (1984, TV Movie) as E.I. Lonoff
Berrenger's (1985, TV Series) as Simon Berrenger
The Aviator (1985) as Bruno Hansen
Embassy (1985, TV Movie) as Ambassador Arthur Ingram
Deceptions (1985, TV Movie) as Jim Nolan
Raw Deal (1986) as Luigi Patrovita
Sadie and Son (1987, TV Movie) as Marty Goldstein
Baby Boom (1987) as Fritz Curtis
Superman IV: The Quest for Peace (1987) as David Warfield
The Two Mrs. Grenvilles (1987, TV Movie) as District Attorney
Baby Boom (1988, TV series based on the 1987 film) as Fritz Curtis
Judgment in Berlin (1988) as Bernard Hellring
Tajna manastirske rakije (1988) as Ambassador Morley
The Shell Seekers (1989, TV Movie) as Richard
Always Remember I Love You (1990, TV Movie) as Grandfather Mendham
Running Against Time (1990, TV Movie) as Doctor Koopman
Guilty by Suspicion (1991) as Felix Graff
Pure Luck (1991) as Highsmith
City of Joy (1992) (uncredited)
Killer Rules (1993, TV Movie) as Gambon
Bloodlines: Murder in the Family (1993, TV Movie) as Gerald Woodman
Wild Justice (1994, TV Movie) as Kingston Parker (final film role)
Television
Holocaust (1978 TV Mini-Series) as Moses Weiss
Cameo Theatre in "Manhattan Footstep" (episode # 1.4) June 7, 1950
Danger Man – as Patrick Laurence in "The Lonely Chair" (episode # 1.8) October 30, 1960
The Defenders – as Dr. Ralph Ames in "The Hundred Lives of Harry Simms" (episode # 1.7) October 28, 1961
The Defenders – as James Henry David in "A Book for Burning" (episode # 2.27) March 30, 1963
Man of the World – as Nicko in "The Bandit" (episode # 2.1) May 11, 1963
Espionage – as Sprague in "Festival of Pawns" (episode # 1.10) December 11, 1963
The Outer Limits – as Dr. Simon Holm in "A Feasibility Study" (episode # 1.29) April 13, 1964
The Defenders – as Edward Banter in "Hollow Triumph" (episode # 3.35) June 20, 1964
The Defenders – as United States Attorney Brooker in "A Taste of Ashes" (episode # 4.8) November 12, 1964
The Wild Wild West – as Dr. Arcularis in "The Night of the Howling Light" (episode # 1.14) December 17, 1965
Gunsmoke – as Asa Longworth in "Parson Comes to Town" (episode # 11.31) April 30, 1966
Run for Your Life – as Major Joe Rankin in two episodes
The Baron – as Sefton Folkard in "You Can't Win Them All" (episode # 1.19) February 1, 1967
Judd for the Defense – as Shelly Gould in "The Gates of Cerberus" (episode # 2.8) November 15, 1968
Thirty-Minute Theatre in "A Wen" (episode # 1.233) December 27, 1971
Rafferty – as Hollander in "Rafferty" (Pilot) (episode # 1.1) September 5, 1977
Return of the Saint – as Domenico in "Dragonseed" (episode # 1.22) February 25, 1979
Director
The Defenders (TV series) – episode "Eyewitness" (1965)
Court Martial (TV series) – episode "The Bitter Wind" (1966)
Hawk (TV series) – episodes "Do Not Mutilate or Spindle", "Game with a Dead End" and "How Close Can You Get?" (1966)
Cimarron Strip (TV series) – episode "Broken Wing" (1967)
Custer (TV series) – episode "Sabers in the Sun" (1967)
Dundee and the Culhane (TV series) – episode "The Jubilee Raid Brief" (1967)
Coronet Blue (TV series) – episodes "The Rebels", "Man Running", "Saturday" and "The Presence of Evil" (1967)
Lancer (TV series) – episode "The High Riders" (1968)
Premiere (TV series) – episode "Lassiter" (1968)
The Champions (TV series) – episode "To Trap A Rat" (1968)
The File of the Golden Goose (1969)
The Executioner (1970)
Catlow (1971)
Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger (1977)
Columbo: The Bye-Bye Sky High IQ Murder Case (1977) (TV)
David Cassidy - Man Undercover (TV series) – episode "Cage of Steel" (1978)
Hart to Hart (TV series) – episode "Death in the Slow Lane" (1979)
Return of the Saint (TV series) – episode "Vicious Circle" (1979)
Mrs. Columbo aka Kate Loves a Mystery (TV series) – episodes "A Puzzle for Prophets" and "Falling Star" (1979)
The Killing of Randy Webster (1981) (TV)
Columbo: Grand Deceptions (1989) (TV)
Notes
References
External links
, video
Interview with Sam Wanamaker, September 18, 1992 [Mostly about directing opera]
1919 births
1993 deaths
Male actors from Chicago
American emigrants to England
Film directors from Illinois
American male film actors
American male radio actors
American male stage actors
American theatre directors
Burials at Southwark Cathedral
Deaths from cancer in England
Deaths from prostate cancer
Drake University alumni
Jewish American male actors
American male Shakespearean actors
Laurence Olivier Award winners
Hollywood blacklist
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Jewish socialists
20th-century American male actors
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Honorary Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Täsch railway station is a metre gauge railway station serving the municipality of Täsch, in the Canton of Valais, Switzerland. It forms part of the Brig-Visp-Zermatt railway (BVZ), which connects the car-free mountaineering and ski resort of Zermatt with standard gauge lines at Visp (served by SBB-CFF-FFS) and Brig (served by SBB-CFF-FFS and BLS AG).
Since , the BVZ has been owned and operated by the Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn (MGB), following a merger between the BVZ and the Furka Oberalp Bahn (FO).
Due to Zermatt's car free status, the MGB has a frequent special shuttle train service between Zermatt and Täsch, where people travelling to and from Zermatt by combustion-engined vehicles are required to park their vehicles. For most most days, this service operates at 20-minute intervals. The MGB also operates regional services between Zermatt and Brig via Täsch at hourly intervals.
Every day, several Glacier Express trains, which are operated at this point by the MGB, pass through Täsch, but do not stop there.
Services
The following services stop at Zermatt:
Regio:
half-hourly service between and , with every other train continuing from Visp to .
shuttle service every twenty minutes to Zermatt.
See also
Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn
Brig-Visp-Zermatt railway
Täsch
Zermatt
Matterhorn
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn
Matterhorn Terminal AG - information about Zermatt shuttle trains
Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn stations
Railway stations in the canton of Valais
Railway stations opened in 1891
Santa Maria del Suffragio may refer to:
Santa Maria del Suffragio, L'Aquila
Santa Maria del Suffragio, Ravenna
Santa Maria del Suffragio, Rome
A suicide paragraph (), sometimes referred to as a suicide clause, is an important term in the politics of Norway. It is a part of the formal agreements between political parties on forming a coalition government. It states that if a certain political case is brought up, the coalition is considered dissolved.
Use in Norway
Syse Cabinet
In practice, the use has usually related to the question of Norway and the European Union. This question is a cross-cutting cleavage, splitting parties who would otherwise be more cooperating. It was first used by Jan P. Syse's Cabinet, which assumed office in 1989. It was known from the 1972 EEC referendum that the "European question" was a divisive one in Norwegian politics, and the coalition parties (Conservative, Christian Democratic, Centre) held different views. The "suicide paragraph" was a part of a 22-point declaration that was put together after the 1989 general election (not before, as had been the tradition during the 1980s). Through the paragraph, the coalition parties "agreed to disagree" on the issue. As it turned out, the suicide paragraph and the European question caused the coalition to dissolve after only one year. The strongly EU-sceptical Centre Party parted ways with the pro-EU Conservatives, and the parties have not been coalition partners since. A Labour cabinet took over, proposed and negotiated EU membership but backed down after the 1994 referendum in which the electorate rejected this.
Bondevik Cabinet
Labour held office until after the 1997 general election. Kjell Magne Bondevik's First Cabinet, a coalition of the Christian Democratic, Centre and Liberal parties, assumed office then, but did not have a suicide paragraph. However, when Kjell Magne Bondevik's Second Cabinet (Christian Democratic, Conservative, Liberal) assumed office in 2001, a suicide paragraph was a part of the post-election Declaration of Sem. Unlike in 1989, it was not clear that the EU was an actual forthcoming issue. However, the parties decided to keep it as a safeguard, and the paragraph now meant that the coalition would disband if the European question reached the broader political "agenda". Prime Minister Kjell Magne Bondevik represented an EU-sceptical party, and was personally prepared to resign, an action which would dissolve the cabinet. Dagbladet's commentator noted that the will to remain in coalition was strong, so the suicide paragraph actually vitalized Bondevik's Second Cabinet, securing a state of non-debate and thus a prolonged life of the coalition. The cabinet remained intact throughout the term.
Stoltenberg Cabinet
Long before the fall of Bondevik's Second Cabinet, a group of opposition parties (Labour, Centre, Socialist Left) had discussions on a possible Red-Green Coalition. Long before the 2005 general election it was speculated that such a coalition would need suicide paragraph as much as Bondevik's coalition. This was officially confirmed by the EU-sceptical party leaders of the Centre and Socialist Left parties after the election victory, on the day the Red-Green Coalition (Jens Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet) began drafting their First Declaration of Soria Moria. The end declaration did in fact contain a suicide paragraph, and the pro-EU Minister of Foreign Affairs Jonas Gahr Støre declared their adherence to the principle. On the other hand, it became clear that the Socialist Left Party had to sacrifice their scepticism towards NATO and their general anti-Americanism. The cabinet remained intact, and even won re-election in 2009.
References
Politics of Norway
Enlargement of the European Union
Badiabad () may refer to:
Badiabad, Hamadan
Dixie Jean Woods Allen (née Woods; January 27, 1935 – March 31, 2019) was a politician from Dayton, Ohio, who served in the Ohio House of Representatives and on the Montgomery County Commission. After the resignation of Rep. Lloyd Lewis Jr. in 1998, Allen was chosen as a political newcomer to replace him. They went on to win a full term in 1998, and was reelected in 2000. In 2001, they opted for an appointment to the Ohio Senate, however did not obtain it. Instead she, won reelection for a third full House term in 2002, and again in 2004.
In 2006, Republicans convinced Allen that if they would switch political parties, they would appoint them as a county commissioner. They did so, and was appointed on July 25, 2006, after resignation from the House. In the 2006 general election, however, Allen was defeated for a full term by Democrat Judy Dodge, and has since moved back to the Democratic Party. Allen died on March 31, 2019.
References
County commissioners in Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio Democrats
Women state legislators in Ohio
Ohio Republicans
1935 births
2019 deaths
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Bratwurst () is a type of German sausage made from pork or, less commonly, beef or veal. The name is derived from the Old High German Brätwurst, from brät-, finely chopped meat, and Wurst, sausage, although in modern German it is often associated with the verb braten, to pan fry or roast. Beef and veal are usually incorporated amongst a blend often including pork.
History
While sausage recipes can be found as early as 228 AD, the first documented evidence of the Bratwurst in Germany dates to 1313 and can be found in the Franconian city of Nuremberg, which is still internationally renowned for the production of grilling sausages.
Types and traditions
Germany
Recipes for the sausage vary by region and even locality; some sources list over 40 different varieties of German bratwurst, many of the best known originating in Franconia (today for the most part situated in northern Bavaria, but still culturally quite distinct), its northern neighbour Thuringia and adjacent areas. How the sausages are served is also locally different, but most commonly they are regarded as a simple snack served with or in a white bread roll made from wheat flour and eaten with mustard. As a pub dish, it is often accompanied by sauerkraut or potato salad and sometimes served with dark, crusty country bread made predominantly from rye flour, less commonly with a Brezel (pretzel). It is a very popular form of fast food in German-speaking countries, often cooked and sold by street vendors from small stands, and is also traditionally popular with fans at soccer games.
Franconian varieties
Fränkische Bratwurst
The Franconian sausage is a relatively long (), thick, coarse sausage, common to the whole Franconian region with slight variations. It dates back to 1313. With marjoram as a characteristic ingredient, it is close in taste to the Nürnberger Bratwurst but juicier, due to its size and coarseness. The Fränkische Bratwurst is traditionally served with sauerkraut or potato salad.
Coburger Bratwurst
Bratwurst originating in the city of Coburg in Franconia was first documented there in 1498. It is made from pork and a minimum of 15% beef, seasoned with only salt, pepper, nutmeg, and lemon zest, and bound with raw egg. It is coarse in texture and is about long. Traditionally, it is grilled over pinecones and served in a bread roll (Brötchen).
Kulmbacher Bratwurst
The Kulmbacher Bratwurst is a finely-ground Rohwurst from the city of Kulmbach in Upper Franconia. Long and thin, it is made mostly from very finely ground veal, with very little pork. This sausage may be seasoned with salt, white pepper, nutmeg, lemon peel, marjoram, caraway, and garlic. The exact mixture is a closely guarded trade secret of each butcher. Kulmbacher bratwursts are usually pan-fried, or grilled over a wood fire. They are sold and served freshly grilled from vendors' stands in the Marktplatz, in pairs, with or without mustard, on crusty rolls sprinkled with anise.
Nürnberger Rostbratwurst
The small, thin bratwurst from Franconia's largest city, Nuremberg, was first documented in 1567; it is long, and weighs between 20 and 25 g. The denominations Nürnberger Bratwurst and Nürnberger Rostbratwurst (Rost comes from the grill above the cooking fire) are Protected Geographical Indications (PGI) under EU law since 2003, and may therefore only be produced in the city of Nürnberg, where an "Association for the Protection of Nürnberger Bratwürste" was established in 1997.
Pork-based and typically seasoned with fresh marjoram which gives them their distinctive flavour, these sausages are traditionally grilled over a beechwood fire. As a main dish three to six pairs are served on a pewter plate with either sauerkraut or potato salad, and accompanied by a dollop of horseradish or mustard. They are also sold as a snack by street vendors as Drei im Weckla (three in a bun; the spelling Drei im Weggla is also common, Weggla/Weckla being the word for "bread roll" in the Nuremberg dialect), with mustard.
Another way of cooking Nuremberg sausages is in a spiced vinegar and onion stock; this is called Blaue Zipfel (blue lobes).
Würzburger Bratwurst
The Würzburger Bratwurst, also known as the Winzerbratwurst, comes from the city of Würzburg in Franconia. Its size is similar to the Thüringer Rostbratwurst, but its ingredients include white Franken-Wine.
Other varieties
Thüringer Rostbratwurst
The Thüringer Rostbratwurst is a spicy sausage from Thuringia. It is thin and long. It is traditionally grilled over a charcoal fire and eaten with mustard and bread. The name Thüringer Rostbratwurst is also recognised as a PGI under EU law.
Triggered by the discovery in 2000 of an account entry of 1404 first mentioning the Bratwurst in Thuringia in the town of Arnstadt, the association "Friends of the Thuringian Bratwurst" was founded in 2006. In the same year, the association established the Erstes Deutsches Bratwurstmuseum (First German Bratwurst Museum) in the village of Holzhausen. A two-metre-high wooden monument of a Bratwurst in a bun on a local traffic roundabout advertises the museum.
In 2016, a kosher version of Thuringian bratwurst made with veal and chicken packed into goat intestines was introduced at the annual Onion Festival in Weimar, which took place between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. The introduction of the kosher bratwurst sparked some backlash on social media with comments posted that were "full of hate, anti-religious sentiment and National Socialist cliches", according to the Governor of Thuringia.
Nordhessische Bratwurst
The -long Nordhessische Bratwurst (from northern Hessen) is similar to the Thüringer Rostbratwurst in taste. It is made from coarsely ground pork and is heavily seasoned. Traditionally, it is grilled over a wood fire and served on a cut-open roll with mustard.
Rote Wurst
The Rote Wurst (red sausage) is a favorite Bratwurst of the Swabian region. It is similar to the Bockwurst, and is made from finely ground pork and bacon, and has a spicy taste. To prevent splitting during grilling or pan frying, an X is cut into the ends of the sausage, which opens during cooking. Sometimes a row of x-shaped cuts are made along its length.
Switzerland
In 1438, bratwurst started to become popular in eastern Switzerland, especially in St. Gallen. "St. Galler bratwurst", traditionally made from veal, has been famous since then. St. Galler bratwurst with round bread is sold on the street, and also served in restaurants with rösti.
United States
Bratwurst, often shortened to "brat" in American English, is a common type of sausage in the United States, especially in the Upper Midwestern region, which is home to many people of German-American ethnicity. Wisconsin, where the largest ancestry group is German, is known for its bratwursts. Brats are also popular in other Upper Midwestern states such as Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio, Indiana and Iowa, as well as cities with large populations like New York, Chicago, and Philadelphia. Originally brought to North America by German immigrants, it is a common sight at summer cookouts, along with hot dogs. Many grocery stores and butcher shops sell varieties with popular additions such as cheddar cheese and jalapeño peppers. Wisconsin is the home of the "beer brat", where the brats are simmered in beer (generally a mixture of a pilsner style beer with butter and onions) before or after grilling over charcoal.
Bratwurst was popularized in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, in the 1920s. In general, each local butcher shop would take orders and hand make bratwurst fresh to be picked up on a particular day. The fat content of the sausages was substantial, making daily pick up necessary to avoid spoilage; some of the fat is lost on cooking over charcoal.
Bratwurst has also become popular as a mainstay of sports stadiums, especially baseball parks, after Bill Sperling introduced bratwurst to Major League Baseball in Milwaukee County Stadium in 1954, when the Boston Braves moved to Milwaukee. The brats, which sold for 35 cents, were grilled and placed into a container of a special tomato sauce with green pepper and onions before being served. The bratwursts were so popular, Sperling said, that Duke Snider of the Brooklyn Dodgers took a case back to New York City. American Family Field in Milwaukee sells more bratwurst than hot dogs. Current American Family Field foodservice provider Delaware North (through their Sportservice subsidiary) markets Secret Stadium Sauce at retail as a complement to bratwurst.
Every year, during the Memorial Day weekend, the city of Madison, Wisconsin, hosts the Brat Fest, which is billed as the "world's largest bratwurst festival".
The town of Bucyrus, Ohio, (which calls itself the "Bratwurst Capital of America") has held the three-day Bucyrus Bratwurst Festival annually since 1967.
See also
Blood sausage
Bockwurst
Boerewors
Braadworst
Currywurst
Frankfurter Würstchen
Hot dog
Kielbasa
List of sandwiches
List of sausage dishes
List of sausages
Knackwurst
Regensburger Wurst
Weisswurst
Wienerwurst
Wollwurst
Wurst mart
References
External links
Bratwurst recipes
600 Years Bratwurst in Katzenelnbogen
The History of Bratwurst
German sausages
American sausages
Cuisine of Wisconsin
Veal dishes
German-American cuisine
Li Shenglong (Chinese: 李圣龙; born 30 July 1992 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Club career
Li started their professional football career in 2011 when they were loaned to Shanghai Zobon's squad for the 2011 China League Two campaigns. They joined Chinese Super League's newcomer Shanghai Dongya in 2013. They made their Super League debut for Shanghai on 20 September 2013 in a game against Shandong Luneng, coming on as a substitute for Zhu Zhengrong in the 83rd minute. Li was demoted to the reserve squad in the 2016 season. On 8 August 2016, they received a ban of six months by Chinese Football Association for age falsification which they changed their age from 30 July 1992 to 27 January 1993. Li returned to first team in the 2017 season. On 9 July 2017, they scored their first goal for the club in a 4–2 away defeat against Changchun Yatai.
Personal life
Li Shenglong is the son of former Shanghai Shenhua midfielder Li Longhai.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
Honours
Club
Shanghai SIPG
Chinese Super League: 2018
Chinese FA Super Cup: 2019
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shanghai
Pudong Zobon players
Shanghai Port F.C. players
Association football forwards
China League Two players
Chinese Super League players
Khatunabad (, also Romanized as Khātūnābād) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Highway 9 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Karbala, through Al Najaf, to Al-Qādisiyyah.
Roads in Iraq
The Faulkner & Colony Woolen Mill is an historic mill building located at 222 West Street in Keene, New Hampshire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2020.
The main building was constructed in 1838 and was subsequently expanded in 1859. The mill was named after Francis Faulkner and Josiah Colony, who owned multiple mills along the Ashuelot River. In addition to the main mill building, a former boarding house (built 1810) and a storehouse (built 1859) are included in the NRHP listing. The mill provided material for many uses, including to the U.S. military during the Civil War, World War I, and World War II.
Mid-20th century developments in synthetics caused the mill to close in 1954, making it the longest running family-owned textile mill in the country. The property was converted to retail and office space in 1983 and was later converted into residential apartments.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Further reading
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Buildings and structures completed in 1838
Buildings and structures in Keene, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Textile mills in the United States
Gerda Müller (30 July 1894 – 26 April 1951) was a German stage actor.
Life
Gerda Müller was born near Rößel (since 1945 part of Poland) in rural East Prussia.
They studied at the "Max Reinhardt" stage school (as it was known at the time) in Berlin, where they were taught by Lucie Höflich, Hermine Körner and Eduard von Winterstein. Between 1917 and 1922 they worked at the Schauspielhaus in Frankfurt. At Frankfurt they were in the original production of Arnolt Bronnen's Vatermord ("Patricide"). In 1922 they moved to Berlin where they worked with Leopold Jessner at the Prussian State Theatre, which at that time was one of Germany's top theatres. During their time in Berlin with the State Theatre company they also made regular guest appearances at the Deutsches Theater, the Lessing Theater and the Schiller Theater, working with leading directors such as Heinz Hilpert and Bertolt Brecht.
They married the orchestral conductor Hermann Scherchen in 1927: they separated soon afterwards, but not amicably. They had affairs, including one with Carl Zuckmayer who referred to them as the Lithuanian vixen on account of their apparent vitality. In 1931 Müller married Hans Lohmeyer, the Lord Mayor of Königsberg.
In January 1933, the Nazi Party took power and systematically switched Germany over to a one-party dictatorship. Müller's husband was not a member of the Nazi Party and was suspended from their mayoral duties. Gerda Müller also retired to private life during the twelve Nazi years, possibly due to a severe lung infection. Other sources indicate that a stage ban was imposed on them in connection with complications following the non-consensual ending of their earlier marriage with Hermann Scherchen.
After the war, the eastern part of Berlin was part of a larger Soviet occupation zone. The Deutsches Theater reopened in September 1945 under the leadership of Gustav von Wangenheim, and Gerda Müller was a member of the company. Between 1945 and their death in 1951 they played a succession of leading roles. Shortly before they died they headed the cast in Brecht's Mother Courage.
Selected filmography
The Cuckoos (1949)
The Last Year (1951)
References
External links
German stage actores
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
1894 births
1951 deaths
Ernst Busch Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
Christian Scheffler (born 29 March 1972) is a German handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
German male handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamburg
The yellowspotted trevally (Carangoides fulvoguttatus), also known as the yellowspotted kingfish, goldspotted trevally, tarrum, or yellowspot, is a widespread species of large inshore marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The yellowspotted trevally inhabits the tropical and subtropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific region, from South Africa in the west to Japan and Australia in the east. The species is known to grow to a maximum length of at least 1.2 m, and is distinguished by gill raker and fin morphology, as well as the distinctive golden spots which give the fish its name. The yellowspotted trevally generally prefers inshore rocky and coral reefs, but is occasionally found over deep offshore sand banks to a depth of 100 m. It is a predatory fish, taking fish, cephalopods, and crustaceans, and shows diet partitioning with other trevallies in studies conducted in Australian waters. Reproduction is poorly studied, although observational evidence suggests spawning occurs in aggregations, probably during summer in South Africa. It is generally of minor importance to commercial fisheries throughout its range, but is considered an excellent sportfish by anglers and spearfishermen, and a good table fish.
Taxonomy and naming
The yellowspotted trevally is classified within the genus Carangoides, a group of fish commonly known as jacks and trevallies. Carangoides falls into the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, the Carangidae are part of the order Carangiformes.
The species was first described by the naturalist Peter Forsskål in 1775 based on the holotype specimen taken from the waters of the Red Sea. They named the species Scomber fulvoguttatus relating the species to the true mackerels as during this period the family Carangidae had yet to be established. The species was later transferred to Caranx and then to Carangoides, where it has remained. The species was independently renamed a number of times, the first as Tarrum emburyi by Gilbert Percy Whitley, a name which was commonly used and later transferred into Caranx and Carangoides. Some 15 years later, Whitley again assigned the fish to a new species and genus name, Ferdauia claeszooni, but this genus was soon synonymised with Carangoides, and this name, as well as Tarrum emburyi, was shown to be a junior synonym of Carangoides fulvoguttatus. The common name 'tarrum' is still used in Australia for the fish, but is also widely misapplied to similar species.
Description
The yellowspotted trevally is a large fish, growing to at least 1.2 m in length and reaching a recorded maximum weight of 18 kg. Its body shape is like the jacks of the genus Caranx, being more elongated and subcylindrical than most of the other species of Carangoides. As a juvenile, the fish is more subovate, becoming more elongated with age, with the dorsal profile of the head and nape becoming steeper with age also. The dorsal fin is in two distinct parts, the first consisting of eight spines, while the second is composed of one spine and 25 to 30 soft rays, with the anterior lobe of this fin being shorter than the head length. The anal fin has two anteriorly detached spines followed by one spine attached to 21 to 26 soft rays and the pelvic fin has one spine and 18 to 19 soft rays. The lateral line has a gentle anterior arch, which is slightly longer than the straight section of the lateral line, with the intersection below the 13th to 16th soft ray of the dorsal fin. The curved section contains 80 to 88 scales, while the straight section consists of 12 to 17 scales and 26 to 31 scutes. The breast is scaleless until the origin of the pelvic fins and up to the origin of the pectoral fins, although some individuals have a narrow band of scales separating the pectoral fins. In adults, the mouth cleft is directly beneath the eye, with the both jaws containing bands of villiform teeth. It has 22 to 27 gill rakers in total and 24 vertebrae.
The juveniles of the yellowspotted trevally are uniformly silver with a few golden spots above the lateral line, with the upper body becoming a more iridescent blue green with increasing age. At adulthood, many small goldens to brassy spots occur above the midline with large individuals also having three irregular, indistinct dark blotches on the flank. An inconspicuous dusky spot is usually seen on the operculum. The dorsal and anal fins are dusky yellow, with the anal fin having a whitish-blue leading edge and distal margin. The pectoral and caudal fins are olive-yellow, becoming dusky at the edges, while the pelvic fin is whitish-blue.
Distribution and habitat
The yellowspotted trevally is broadly distributed in tropical and subtropical waters of the Indo-Pacific region. The species ranges from South Africa in the west, north to the Red Sea and India, and is distributed throughout Southeast Asia and the Indonesian island chain. Its range extends south to northern Australia, north to Taiwan and Japan, and as far east as Palau, Tonga, and New Caledonia in the Pacific.
The yellowspotted trevally predominantly inhabits inshore lagoons and rocky or coral reef systems, although is occasionally found in seagrass meadows, around offshore islands and on deep sand banks to depths around 100 m. It is intolerant of low salinities, so does not enter estuaries.
Biology and fishery
The yellowspotted trevally lives either alone or in large schools, with smaller groups often patrolling the edges of reefs in search of food and large solitary fish are known to patrol seagrass beds in search of prey. The species' diet consists of small fish such as anchovies, a wide range of crustaceans, including swimming crabs, mantis shrimp, and prawns, and cephalopods such as squid. Preliminary dietary information collected from the North West Shelf of Australia shows C. fulvoguttatus and C. gymnostethus inhabit very similar habitats, and are able to do so by partitioning their diets, with C. fulvoguttatus taking more fish and cephalopods, while C. gymnostethus predominantly takes crustaceans. The only data on reproduction in the species come from Palau, where large spawning aggregations form in the third quarter of the lunar month. Spawning takes place in South Africa over the summer.
The yellowspotted trevally is of moderate importance to fisheries throughout its range, so catch statistics are rarely kept for this species specifically. One exception is Saudi Arabia, with the FAO reporting a yearly catch between 128 and 324 tonnes between 2000 and 2004, with no apparent trends in the catch data. The species is taken by hook and line, gill nets, and various traps. The yellowspotted trevally is of major importance to anglers and spearfishermen in some countries, with the species highly valued in Australia and South Africa. Surveys of recreational catches in the Pilbara region of Western Australia indicate around 5 tonnes of fish are taken every year, with around 3 tonnes kept for consumption or use as bait. Fish are mostly caught from boats using small baits including fish and crab, as well as lures, minnows, metal slugs, soft plastic lures, and even saltwater flies. It is an excellent gamefish, with young fish also considered good table fish, becoming somewhat dry with age. The yellowspotted trevally is also considered a good candidate for aquaculture in the future.
References
External links
Yellowspotted trevally at Fishbase
Australian Museum Online information page
Fishing information
yellowspotted trevally
Marine fauna of East Africa
yellowspotted trevally
The following lists events that happened during 1974 in Rhodesia.
Incumbents
President: Clifford Dupont
Prime Minister: Ian Smith
Events
March
2 March - At the African National Council inaugural conference, an agreement is reached on a mandate for continuing talks with the Rhodesian regime
June
2 June - The African National Council reject the proposals agreed upon between Bishop Abel Muzorewa and Ian Smith
July
3 July - An African National Council delegation tells the British Government that it is not prepared to continue talks with the Rhodesian regime
30 July - The Rhodesian Front wins the Rhodesia general election
November
Detained activists Joshua Nkomo, Zimbabwe African People's Union and Ndabaningi Sithole, founder Zimbabwe African National Union are allowed to attend the meetings in Lusaka, Zambia with the presidents of Botswana, Tanzania and Zambia and African National Council with representatives of the Rhodesian government
December
9 December - The Lusaka Declaration is signed uniting Zimbabwe African People's Union, Zimbabwe African National Union and African National Council under the United African National Council banner
11 December - A ceasefire is agreed
Births
January 1 — Samukeliso Moyo, long-distance runner
Years of the 20th century in Zimbabwe
Rhodesia
Rhodesia
1970s in Rhodesia
Zeng Shen (505–435 BC), better known as Zengzi (Master Zeng), courtesy name Ziyu (), was a Chinese philosopher and disciple of Confucius. They later taught Zisi (Kong Ji), the grandson of Confucius, who was in turn the teacher of Mencius, thus beginning a line of transmitters of orthodox Confucian traditions.  They are revered as one of the Four Sages of Confucianism.
Life
Zeng Shen was 46 years younger than Confucius. They were a native of South Wu City in the State of Lu, and was the son of Zeng Dian, one of the earliest disciples of Confucius.
When they were sixteen, they were sent by their father to study under Confucius. Confucians later considered them to be their second most senior student, after Yan Hui. Duanmu Ci said of him, "There is no subject which they have not studied. Their appearance is respectful. Their virtue is solid. Their words command credence. Before great men they draw themselves up in the pride of self-respect. Their eyebrows are those of longevity." They were noted for their filial piety, and after the death of their parents they could not read the rites of mourning without being led to think of them and being moved to tears. They were a voluminous writer. They composed ten books, compiled in the Rites of the Elder Dai (). They were said to have composed and/or edited the Classic of Filial Piety under the direction of Confucius. They were also associated with transmission of the Great Learning. They were first associated with the sacrifices to Confucius in 668 AD, but in 1267 they were advanced to be one of Confucius' Four Assessors. Their title, "Exhibitor of the Fundamental Principles of the Sage", dates from the reign of the Jiajing Emperor, when they were associated with Yan Hui.
Zengzi established their own school, and taught Zisi (Kong Ji), the grandson of Confucius, who was in turn the teacher of Mencius, thus beginning a line of transmitters of orthodox Confucian traditions. Along with Yan Hui, Zisi, and Mencius, Zengzi is considered to be one of the Four Sages of Confucianism.
Filial piety
Zeng Shen was known for their filial piety. After the deaths of their parents, they were unable to read the rites of mourning without bursting into tears.
A famous legend about Zeng Shen, called Nie Zhi Tong Xin (), is included in the influential Yuan dynasty text The Twenty-four Filial Exemplars. In the story, Zeng Shen was one day out gathering firewood, when some visitors unexpectedly showed up at their home. Their mother bit their finger, and Zeng felt a sharp pain in their heart. They immediately knew their mother needed them and rushed home.
Descendants
In 1452 the title Wujing Boshi () was bestowed upon the descendants of Zengzi and other Confucian sages such as Mencius, Yan Hui, Zhou Dunyi, and Zhu Xi.
In the Republic of China there is an office called the "Sacrificial Official to Zengzi" which is held by a descendant of Zengzi, like the post of "Sacrificial Official to Mencius" for a descendant of Mencius, "Sacrificial Official to Yan Hui" for a descendant of Yan Hui, and the post of "Sacrificial Official to Confucius", held by a descendant of Confucius.
Qing dynasty military leader and statesman Zeng Guofan is a descendant of Zengzi.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Website on the Zeng family
505 BC births
435 BC deaths
Disciples of Confucius
5th-century BC Chinese philosophers
5th-century BC Chinese people
People from Linyi
Philosophers from Lu (state)
Twenty-four Filial Exemplars
The Ulvin Tunnel () is a railway tunnel running through Morskogen and Ulvin in Eidsvoll, Norway. The single-tube tunnel carried double track of the Dovre Line, allowing it to bypass the village of Morskogen. Construction was part of a new double track between Langset and Kleverud. This was built jointly with the new European Road E6 four-lane motorway. The Ulvin Tunnel will allow for higher speeds and more traffic on the Dovre Line.
The Ulvin Tunnel runs in the same area as the Morskogen Tunnel of said motorway. The route was controversial due to it hugging the shoreline of the lake Mjøsa. Local and environmental authorities wanted most of the railway and motorway to run in tunnels. It resulted in a compromise, where the Ulvin Tunnel allowed for a longer section of lakeshore to remain untouched. The groundwork contract was awarded to Veidekke and Hochtief, along with other works. The permanent way was laid by Infranord; Eltel installed the electrical and telecommunications systems. The tunnel opened on 1 December 2015.
Specifications
The Ulvin Tunnel is long and runs roughly north–south through the Ulvin area in Eidsvoll. It is built with a curve, allowing the Dovre Line to bypass the village of Morskogen. The single-tube tunnel is dimensioned for a speed of and is electrified at . The Ulvin tunnel passes under part of the Morskogen Tunnel, a twin-tubed tunnel which carries the E6.
History
The original railway line along the shore of Mjøsa opened as part of the segment from Eidsvoll to Hamar on 8 November 1880. The single track segment received electric traction on 15 June 1953, centralized traffic control on 22 March 1965 and automatic train stop on 1 November 1983. The Ulvin area received a station, at first named Ulvin and later Morskogen. It featured a passing loop and served as a stop until 1 June 1980. The entire line from Eidsvoll to Hamar originally ran entirely without tunnels.
The single track and curvature limit both the capacity and the speed of trains. Between Eidsvoll Station and Hamar Station there is no additional capacity for additional trains. Due to the limitations in horizontal curvature, the section of line is predominantly limited to speeds under . The North Corridor provides poor reliability and punctuality, especially for regional, long-distance and freight trains, which are only on time about seventy percent of the time. Two-thirds of the delays are caused by the infrastructure, in part due to exceeding the line's capacity, in part due to technical faults, especially the signaling and power systems.
As part of the InterCity Triangle upgrades, this section has been identified as a priority. A new double track from Eidsvoll to Hamar will allow for a doubling of the number of trains, improved reliability and a reduction of the travel time from Hamar to Oslo to one hour. This required an all-new double-track line to be built from Oslo to Hamar. The first part, the Gardermoen Line, opened on 27 September 1998.
Meanwhile, there was planning of a new four-lane motorway to be built to replace the E6 from Gardermoen to Kolomoen. The go-ahead for this project was approved by the government in 2006. Due to the proximity of the motorway and railway routes, the Norwegian Public Roads Administration teamed up with the National Rail Administration to establish common plans and construction for the project.
The section from Minnesund in Eidsvoll to Skaberud in Stange was the most controversial. There were two general alternatives – building the road and railway along the lakeshore of Mjøsa, or building major portions of the infrastructure in tunnels. In addition it was possible to elect an intermediate route which would build tunnels along some of the most critical places. The infrastructure authorities initially proposed a route with no major tunnels, in order to save NOK 500 million. The two most contended locations were at Ørbeck/Korslund and Morskogen/Ulvin. In the latter the Public Roads Administration recommended a culvert. Several institutions opposed this view, with among others both municipalities, the Directorate for Nature Management. They cited the value of the lakeshore areas and were concerned that building the railway and motorways right on the shore would have a decremental effect on the recreational opportunities in the area.
The disagreement at first resulted in negotiations between various public agencies. Due to the county border running through the right-of-way, involved parties included Eidsvoll and Stange Municipalities, Akershus and Hedmark County Municipalities, and the County Governors of Oslo/Akershus and Hedmark. In the end the County Governors asked the Ministry of the Environment to decide on the issue. The route was finalized in a joint announcement from the Ministry of Transport and Communications, and the Ministry of the Environment on 24 February 2009. Minister of Transport, Liv Signe Navarsete, described the choice as a compromise. Most of the route was placed along the lakeshore, while the most valuable sections, at Morskogen and Ulvin, were protected by placing the railway and motorway through tunnels.
The E6–Dovre Line Joint Project was formalized as a joint venture between the Public Roads Administration and the National Rail Administration on 6 July 2010. Through the joint effort the two agencies estimated that the project would save about NOK 400 million by awarding common contracts to build both the railway and the motorway. One contributing cause was that earthwork removed during the road construction could be used to fill in for the railway tracks. For the railway the Joint Project was responsible for building a section from Langset to Kleverud.
Railway tunnels built in Norway during the 1990s and 2000s had been plagued with leaks. These can stop all traffic is the water drips on technical installations, causing short circuiting. To avoid such issues, the National Rail Administration chose to instead build the tunnel with concrete lining. This involved that the tunnel was built with a waterproof plastic membrane on the inside of the concrete. The administration estimates this increases the tunnel's lifetime from 50 to 100 years. This alternative was used in both the Ulvin Tunnel and the two other tunnels in the project. It received criticism from some researchers, who stated that a membrane was unnecessarily expensive, that it is near impossible to repair any breaches which might occur and that use of foreign technology could weaken Norway's international reputation in tunneling.
The Ulvin Tunnel was built as part of FP2, from Brøhaug to Strandlykkja. The Joint Project asked for common bids to build both the railway and the motorway on the section. FP2 was won by a joint venture between Veidekke and Hochtief. The contract, including the blasting of the tunnel, cost NOK 1.6 billion. They blasted all but the last of the southern portal, which was blasted by Hæhre Entreprenør.
Preliminary work on the tunnel started in March 2011. The first blasting took place on 2 September 2011, when work on the tunnel's crosscut started. The National Rail Administration offered a service to residents in the area where they could receive a Short Message Service message every time blasting was to be carried out. Construction of the road segment commenced on 12 April 2012. Combined the projects cost NOK 10.1 billion. One of the major contractors, Alpine Bau, filed for bankruptcy in June 2013, causing considerable delays in the project. However, this had little effect on the works on the Ulvin Tunnel.
Each tunneling shift counted 33 people, working around the clock in three eight-hour shifts. Work progressed using a mold. One such a section was completed, the work advanced a further . This process was repeated 333 times. Blasting had to take place at regular intervals, when there were no trains running on the railway line nearby. Access was limited, among other things because of the tracks running past and the steep terrain. The work involved blasting of earthwork, transported away in 25,000 truckloads. The membrane covers and area of , while the lining required of concrete. Most of the earthwork was ditched in Mjøsa, at depths of up to . This gave reclaimed land which could be used to build the right-of-way for the railway. A fatal accident took place in May 2013, when a truck backed over a worker in the tunnel. Surveys carried out by the Norwegian Institute for Water Research showed that Mjøsa had not been polluted by the construction, nor that the plankton or organisms had been adversely effected.
The contract for the permanent way, including ballast, track and the overhead wires was issued to Infranord and was worth NOK 163.9 million. The contract for the signaling, telecommunications and power supply was issued to Eltel and was worth NOK 146.2 million. The latter included lighting, ventilation and other technical components in the tunnels. Both contracts were for the entire section. Infranord used a SVM 1000 track-laying train in November 2014 to lay the permanent way. The long train was able to lay about of ballast, ties and track each day.
References
Eidsvoll
Tunnels on the Dovre Line
Tunnels completed in 2015
2015 establishments in Norway
Railway tunnels in Viken
Mikhail Yuryevich Tyrin (; born October 23, 1970, Meshchovsk, Kaluga Oblast) is a Russian science fiction writer.
Biography
Year studied at Bauman Moscow State Technical University, and then graduated from the philological faculty of Kaluga State University.
They worked as a journalist, served in the field of internal affairs for a few years, as an employee of the press center of Kaluga Department of Internal Affairs, a member of the press center of the federal command in Chechnya (1995). They retired with the rank of captain of the militia.
Their first story in 1996, Small Opportunities. In the same year published the first book of The Shadow of the Patron Saint, awarded the Festival Aelita Prize (Start Award).
Personal life
Married, two children.
Bibliography
Novels
Phantom Pain (1998)
Children Rust (1999)
The Invincible Creature (2001)
Syndicate Thunder (2002)
Yellow Line (2003)
The Reflected Threat (2005)
Smuggler (2008)
Cemetery of Gods (2009)
Legions of Chaos (2011)
Samovolka (together with Sergei Lukyanenko) (2014)
Story
Sins of the Night Sky (1996)
End the Mystery of the Fall (1996)
Graven Image (1998)
Conspiracy of the Doomed (2001)
Release the Beast (2001)
Pustozemskie Kamni (2001)
Doctor (2011)
There is a Little Hurt (2014)
Stories
Small Features (1996)
Revenge of the Minotaur (1999)
What Will be Left to Us? (2001)
Bitch (2002)
Pushbutton Soldiers (2005)
Shortest Path (2005)
The Wheel of Fate (2009)
There Overseas — Africa (2011)
Chamber of Secrets (2011)
Production Story (2012)
Trouble the Water (2013)
The Heart of the Enemy (2013)
Vacation Courage (2014)
References
External links
Михаил Тырин — «Лаборатория Фантастики»
Mikhail Tyrin at the LiveJournal
Автор: Михаил Тырин
1970 births
People from Meshchovsk
People from Meshchovsky District
Living people
Russian male novelists
Russian fantasy writers
Russian science fiction writers
Cyberpunk writers
Russian bloggers
Russian journalists
Russian nationalists
Male bloggers
Kaluga State University alumni
Olga Markova (; born August 6, 1968) is a retired long-distance runner from Russia, who set the world's best year performance in 1992, when they won the Boston Marathon, clocking 2:23:43. In 1993, they defended their victory in Boston in 2:25:27.
Achievements
References
alltime-athletics
1968 births
Living people
Russian female long-distance runners
Boston Marathon female winners
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
Wing Commander Henry Neville Gynes Ramsbottom-Isherwood (13 July 1905 – 24 April 1950) was a New Zealand born Royal Air Force test pilot and commanding officer during the Second World War and the post-war period. They were one of only four wartime British Commonwealth recipients of the Order of Lenin, after they had led an RAF fighter wing to help defend northern Russia and introduce British aircraft to Soviet Air Force personnel. They were killed in a flying accident in 1950.
Early career
Born on 13 July 1905 at Petone near Wellington in New Zealand, they were the son of Henry Lionel Ramsbottom-Isherwood and Lilian Catherine née Kelly. They were educated at St Patrick's College and St Joseph's College, Geelong, Sydney. Commissioned into the New Zealand Rifles as a Second Lieutenant in 1924, Isherwood emigrated to the United Kingdom to train as a pilot in the Royal Air Force. Qualifying as a Pilot Officer in July 1930, they saw service in India and Britain before joining the staff of the Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment at RAF Martlesham Heath as a test pilot in the Armament Testing Section.
Second World War
In the 1940 King's Birthday Honours, Isherwood was awarded the Air Force Cross. In January 1941 Isherwood was posted to Fighter Command and was given command of a sector in No. 9 Group and later served as a controller at the group headquarters. In August 1941 Isherwood was selected to command No. 151 Wing, which was being formed for a mission codenamed Operation Benedict, which was planned in the aftermath of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union. The aim of Operation Benedict was to take two squadrons of Hawker Hurricane Mk IID fighters to defend the naval port of Murmansk in northern Russia and to train the Soviet Air Force to operate the aircraft, which would be the first of more than two thousand to be supplied. Arriving on the first Arctic convoy at the beginning of September 1941, the wing established itself at an airfield at Vaenga (renamed Severomorsk in 1951). Besides training the Soviet pilots and ground crews, the wing claimed 15 enemy aircraft destroyed plus four "probables" and seven damaged, for the loss of one Hurricane in combat. None of the Soviet bombers that they escorted were lost. At the end of October, when the wing had handed their last aircraft to the Soviets, they were ordered by the Air Ministry in London to travel south by rail through the Soviet Union for further service in the Middle East theatre. Isherwood compiled a lengthy signal stating that the journey was likely to take three months, that no rations or winter clothing were available and that there was a considerable danger of being overrun by the advancing Germans. The order was rescinded and the wing was evacuated by sea. They were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for their service during the operation as well as the Order of Lenin.
Returning to Britain, Isherwood took command of a series of air bases. They were intended to command No. 153 Wing, a much larger fighter force which was due to be sent to Russia in late 1942 but the plan, Operation Jupiter, was abandoned, perhaps because of the heavy losses to the Arctic convoys. In 1944, they took command of No. 342 Wing in Burma.
Post war
Returning from southeast Asia in 1947, Isherwood became Commanding Officer of RAF West Malling. On 24 April 1950, they took a Gloster Meteor IV jet fighter for a test flight but ran into a severe snow storm and crashed near Tonbridge and was killed. A military funeral was held on 29 April 1950 at St Felix church in Felixstowe.
In 2009, Isherwood's medals were put up for auction at Sotheby's by their only daughter. They were bought by an anonymous Russian bidder for £46,000. The sale aroused considerable interest in New Zealand where their nephew conducted an unsuccessful campaign to acquire the medals. A television documentary about Isherwood called Operation Hurricane was made by Prime TV in New Zealand in 2012.
Family life
Isherwood married Betty Ailsa Taylor in 1938 at Deben in Suffolk.
References
External links
Portrait of Wing Commander Gynes Ramsbottom-Isherwood by Colin Colahan at the Australian War Memorial.
Soviet Honours British Airmen, British Pathé newsreel showing medals being presented at the Soviet Embassy in London, 1942.
Morton & Eden Ltd Sale Catalogue of 10 June 2009: Isherwood's medals are shown on page 66.
1905 births
1950 deaths
New Zealand recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
New Zealand test pilots
New Zealand World War II pilots
People from Petone
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force officers
In complex analysis, given initial data consisting of points in the complex unit disc and target data consisting of points in , the Nevanlinna–Pick interpolation problem is to find a holomorphic function that interpolates the data, that is for all ,
,
subject to the constraint for all .
Georg Pick and Rolf Nevanlinna solved the problem independently in 1916 and 1919 respectively, showing that an interpolating function exists if and only if a matrix defined in terms of the initial and target data is positive semi-definite.
Background
The Nevanlinna–Pick theorem represents an -point generalization of the Schwarz lemma. The invariant form of the Schwarz lemma states that for a holomorphic function , for all ,
Setting , this inequality is equivalent to the statement that the matrix given by
that is the Pick matrix is positive semidefinite.
Combined with the Schwarz lemma, this leads to the observation that for , there exists a holomorphic function such that and if and only if the Pick matrix
The Nevanlinna–Pick theorem
The Nevanlinna–Pick theorem states the following. Given , there exists a holomorphic function such that if and only if the Pick matrix
is positive semi-definite. Furthermore, the function is unique if and only if the Pick matrix has zero determinant. In this case, is a Blaschke product, with degree equal to the rank of the Pick matrix (except in the trivial case where
all the 's are the same).
Generalisation
The generalization of the Nevanlinna–Pick theorem became an area of active research in operator theory following the work of Donald Sarason on the Sarason interpolation theorem. Sarason gave a new proof of the Nevanlinna–Pick theorem using Hilbert space methods in terms of operator contractions. Other approaches were developed in the work of L. de Branges, and B. Sz.-Nagy and C. Foias.
It can be shown that the Hardy space H 2 is a reproducing kernel Hilbert space, and that its reproducing kernel (known as the Szegő kernel) is
Because of this, the Pick matrix can be rewritten as
This description of the solution has motivated various attempts to generalise Nevanlinna and Pick's result.
The Nevanlinna–Pick problem can be generalised to that of finding a holomorphic function that interpolates a given set of data, where R is now an arbitrary region of the complex plane.
M. B. Abrahamse showed that if the boundary of R consists of finitely many analytic curves (say n + 1), then an interpolating function f exists if and only if
is a positive semi-definite matrix, for all in the n-torus. Here, the s are the reproducing kernels corresponding to a particular set of reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces, which are related to the set R. It can also be shown that f is unique if and only if one of the Pick matrices has zero determinant.
Notes
Pick's original proof concerned functions with positive real part. Under a linear fractional Cayley transform, their result holds on maps from the disc to the disc.
Pick–Nevanlinna interpolation was introduced into robust control by Allen Tannenbaum.
References
Interpolation
The men's 5000 metres event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 13 September 1979.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Michael Lloyd may refer to:
Michael Lloyd (music producer) (born 1948), American record producer, musician, songwriter and music supervisor
Michael Lloyd (RAF officer), Royal Air Force officer
Michael Lloyd (priest) (born 1957), British Church of England priest and academic
Michael Lloyd (special effects artist), special effects artist
Michael Lloyd, jockey in the 1970 Grand National
See also
Michael Lloyd Ferrar (1876–1971), British officer of the Indian Civil Service
Patlolla Sabitha Indra Reddy (born 5 May 1963) is an Indian politician who serves as the current Minister for Education of Telangana state since 2019. In 2009, Reddy became the first woman Home Minister of Andhra Pradesh, serving until 2014. Earlier, they served as the Minister of Mines and Geology of Andhra Pradesh from 2004 to 2009.
Reddy was previously elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh three times, two terms from Chevella assembly constituency in 2000 and 2004 and one term from Maheshwaram constituency in 2009. From 2018, they represent Maheshwaram constituency in the Telangana Legislative Assembly. Reddy started their political career from the Indian National Congress and joined Telangana Rashtra Samithi in 2019.
Early life
Sabitha Indra Reddy was born on 5 May 1963 in Medak of Telangana to Mahipal Reddy and Venkatamma. They completed their graduation in Bachelor of Science. They were married to P. Indra Reddy (died 2000), and the couple has 3 sons.
Political career
Sabitha held the position of Mines and Geology Minister in the earlier government. They were the first female Home Minister of a state in the nation.  They are an undefeated four time MLA. They were elected twice from Chevella and twice from Maheshwaram after delimitation.
In 2011, Central Bureau of Investigation arrested V. D. Rajagopal and Y. Srilakshmi, as third and fourth accused respectively in the investigation into illegal mining by Obulapuram Mining Company. The permission for mining in Anantapur was for captive mining, i.e. the ore mined in that region is to be used in the local steel plant and not to be exported. Srilakshmi is accused of dropping the term "captive mining" in the final order approving a mining license to Obulapuram.
The CBI defended the Home minister saying there was no justification for the official to blame the Minister. As of April 2013, Sabitha Indra Reddy submitted their resignation letter from the Cabinet after the CBI named them as an accused in the Y. S. Jagan Mohan Reddy illegal investments case.
2000 by-elections
They were pushed into politics through this election as their husband had passed away. In this election, they contested on a Congress ticket from Chevella MLA constituency against KLR who is an industrialist and politician. In this election, through their husband's name, the sympathy of their death and their commitment to work for the people they won the election with a whopping 29,909 votes majority.
2004 general elections
This election, they showed their hard-working nature to their constituents. In this election, they beat the TDP candidate by bettering their previous margin from Chevella. This time they won with a majority of 41,585 votes. Consequently, YSR inculcated them into the Cabinet as Minister of Mines and Geology.
2009 general elections
This election happened just after the constituency delimitation. As a result of this, their bastion Chevella constituency was changed to be an SC-reserved constituency. This resulted in them changing their constituency to the newly formed Maheshwaram (Assembly constituency). Though they moved few days prior to the election to the new constituency, they beat the local stalwart Teegala Krishna Reddy by a margin of 8000 votes. Thus, they became the first female Home Minister of Andhra Pradesh and a first female home minister to any state in India.
2014 general elections
2018 general elections
References
Politicians from Hyderabad, India
Telangana politicians
Women in Telangana politics
Telugu politicians
Living people
1963 births
Indian National Congress politicians from Andhra Pradesh
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Home Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
Telangana Rashtra Samithi politicians
Telangana MLAs 2018–2023
The Special Air Service Troops was a brigade sized formation of the Special Air Service, which was founded on 7 January 1944 in the United Kingdom during the Second World War. The formation was also known as the SAS Brigade. The brigade was a multi-national force of British, French, and Belgian units. On formation, the brigade commanded the 1st and 2nd Special Air Service regiments, the French 2nd and 3rd Parachute Battalions (also known as the 3rd and 4th SAS Regiments), and the Belgian Parachute Company. In March 1944, F Squadron, GHQ Liaison Regiment was added to the brigade. In 1945, the Belgian parachute company was redesignated as 5th Special Air Service. The French units were also redesignated as the 2nd Parachute Chasseur Regiment and the 3rd Parachute Chasseur Regiment (abbreviated as 2 RCP and 3 RCP).
The brigade was initially commanded by Brigadier Roderick McLeod, until 14 March 1945 when Brigadier Mike Calvert took command. The brigade was stationed in the United Kingdom until May 1945, when the brigade headquarters moved to Norway. The brigade headquarters returned to the United Kingdom in June, and remained there for the duration of the war. Until April 1944, the brigade was assigned to Airborne Troops, before being placed under the command of the Airborne Corps on 17 April. It remained under the command of the corps for the duration of the war. The brigade's units, however, took part in various operations as part of the Northwest Europe Campaign of 1944–1945, which included operations such as Amherst, Bulbasket, Cooney, Dingson, Houndsworth, Lost, Loyton, Samwest, and Tombola.
Citations
References
Disbanded units and formations
Special forces of the United Kingdom
Special Air Service
1944 establishments in the United Kingdom
Special service brigades of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1944
The 1964 Hackney Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Hackney, Metropolitan Borough of Shoreditch and Metropolitan Borough of Stoke Newington. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Hackney by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 137 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 20 wards. 9 seats in three wards went unopposed. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 36 and 32 respectively. Other candidates included 8 from the Communist party and 1 Independent Labour. There were 11 three-seat wards, 5 two-seat wards, 3 four-seat wards and 1 five-seat ward.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council after winning all 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 16.3%. This turnout included 243 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Matti Torvinen (born 30 January 1957 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish politician and the party secretary of the Blue Reform. They represented the Finns Party in the City Council of Rovaniemi since 2012, being elected in 2012 and 2017. Torvinen was a candidate in the 2015 parliamentary election, and the 2269 votes they gained were enough for a substitute place.
In June 2017, another MP Hanna Mäntylä left the Parliament, and it was confirmed that Torvinen will replace them on 1 July 2017. At the time, Finns Party's parliamentary group had split in two due to the aftermath of the recent leadership election. Torvinen joined the New Alternative, the faction that broke away from the Finns Party's parliamentary group. They subsequently resigned from the Finns Party.
On 15 November 2017, the New Alternative was officially registered as a political party under the name of Blue Reform. In the first party convention, organized on 16 December 2017, Torvinen was elected as the party secretary.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Rovaniemi
Finns Party politicians
Blue Reform politicians
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2015–19)
Polissya Zhytomyr is a Ukrainian football club based in Zhytomyr, Polissya. As of the 2020–21 season, it will play in the Ukrainian First League, the second tier of Ukrainian football, following promotion from the 2019–20 Ukrainian Second League. Their home were Spartak and Kolos stadiums. Since being admitted to the Ukrainian Second League, the club's current stadiums do not qualify for the competition. While the city's main arena under reconstruction, the club is forced to look for an alternative.
Brief history
In Soviet times the club carried the name Avtomobilist (carmaker), then it changed to Polissya (the name for the local region, which means (roughly) the wooded area). In the Ukrainian soccer competitions the club was called Khimik (chemical scientist) for a few seasons, then again changed back to Polissya. Note that during the Soviet times sometime in the 1970s in Zhytomyr there was another club FC Khimik Zhytomyr that was sponsored by the local chemical factory, the latter fate of which is not known. The same factory has supported Polissya already in times of the independent Ukraine for few seasons giving the club the name of its own former football representative, which already was mentioned before.
After the disastrous season of 2005, it became defunct. However soon after the reorganization two clubs were created and were admitted to the Second League for the 2005/06 season – MFK Zhytomyr and FC Zhytychi Zhytomyr. In March 2006, the municipal administration stopped funding of MFK Zhytomyr and the team was dissolved on 30 April 2006. FC Zhytychi Zhytomyr finished 8th in the Second League'06, but next year they failed to submit their license and stopped their participation on the professional level.
The highest position the club achieved was fourth place in the Persha Liha, twice. Because of this, in 2002 it was awarded to play a play-off match with PFC Olexandria in Kyiv to receive the promotion to the Vyscha Liha. Polissya lost it 0:1. Subsequent seasons have brought progressively worse results with every year.
In 2005 an attempt to create the municipal club took place on initiative of Hennadiy Zabrodsky soon after the dissolution of FC Polissya Zhytomyr. At that time facing a danger of losing professional football team, Zhytomyr paradoxically witnessed creation of two teams in the place of one. The new club was created in place of the existing amateur FC Arsenal Zhytomyr. The creation of the city club was supported by the city's government as part of local elections, which, however, after the city mayor lost, the club, after playing first half of the season, was dissolved. Some players moved to the regional club OFC Zhytychi Zhytomyr.
Current rendition (since 2016)
In November 2015 FC Polissia Zhytomyr applied for the 2016–17 Ukrainian Second League. On 23 March 2016 the deputy mayor of Zhytomyr Matviy Khrenovu announced in their Facebook that new director of MFC Zhytomyr became a head of Zhytomyr Rayon Football Federation Ruslan Pavlyuk.
In March 2017, the club was renamed into FC Polissya Zhytomyr. The club also adopted a new logo with 1959 year of establishment thus claiming heritage of the original FC Polissya Zhytomyr.
Since mid of 2021, the club began to be financed by the BGV Group which controls a network of ATB-Market retail stores.
Stadium
MFC Zhytomyr started to play at Tsentralnyi Stadion (Central Stadium), however soon at the stadium started renovations and the club moved to smaller Kolos Stadion.
In 2017, the club temporarily moved to Korosten to play at the local Spartak Stadion which was approved by the Football Federation of Ukraine and Professional Football League.
In March 2021, Polissya returned to Tsentralnyi Stadion after 16 years of reconstruction.
Players
First team squad
Managers
Andriy Biba (1980)
Andriy Biba (1995 – 1996)
Anatoliy Zayayev (2000)
Ihor Levytskyi (July 2016 – 12 Aug 2017)
Eduard Khavrov (28 August 2017 – 20 November 2017)
Volodymyr Mazyar (22 November 2017 – 15 December 2017)
Oleksandr Pryzetko (27 December 2017 – 21 August 2018)
Anatoliy Bezsmertnyi (21 August 2018 – 4 July 2020)
Serhiy Shyshchenko (6 July 2020 – 15 June 2021)
Yuriy Kalitvintsev (15 June 2021 – present)
Chairmen
Ruslan Pavlyuk, 2016–2017
Vitaliy Lyaskovskyi, 2017–present
League and cup history
Spartak Zhytomyr (1977–1988)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1987
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|12
|align=center|52
|align=center|22
|align=center|12
|align=center|18
|align=center|72
|align=center|59
|align=center|56
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1988
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|13
|align=center|50
|align=center|18
|align=center|15
|align=center|17
|align=center|55
|align=center|58
|align=center|51
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|}
Polissya Zhytomyr (1989–1992)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1989
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|15
|align=center|52
|align=center|16
|align=center|16
|align=center|20
|align=center|59
|align=center|62
|align=center|48
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=red|Relegated
|-
|align=center|1990
|align=center|4th Zone 1
|align=center|4
|align=center|50
|align=center|28
|align=center|13
|align=center|9
|align=center|67
|align=center|38
|align=center|69
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1991
|align=center|4th Zone 1
|align=center|10
|align=center|50
|align=center|22
|align=center|7
|align=center|21
|align=center|64
|align=center|66
|align=center|51
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=green| fall of the Soviet Union
|-
|align=center|1992
|align=center|2nd Gr. "A"
|align=center|10
|align=center|26
|align=center|10
|align=center|5
|align=center|11
|align=center|30
|align=center|31
|align=center|25
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=red| Relegated
|}
Khimik Zhytomyr (1992–1997)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1992–93
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|2
|align=center|34
|align=center|20
|align=center|9
|align=center|5
|align=center|53
|align=center|29
|align=center|49
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=green|Promoted
|-
|align=center|1993–94
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|10
|align=center|38
|align=center|14
|align=center|8
|align=center|16
|align=center|39
|align=center|47
|align=center|36
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1994–95
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|4
|align=center|42
|align=center|20
|align=center|15
|align=center|7
|align=center|61
|align=center|37
|align=center|75
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1995–96
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|14
|align=center|42
|align=center|16
|align=center|10
|align=center|16
|align=center|55
|align=center|57
|align=center|58
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1996–97
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|18
|align=center|46
|align=center|15
|align=center|10
|align=center|21
|align=center|44
|align=center|61
|align=center|55
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|}
Polissya Zhytomyr (1997–2005)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|1997–98
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|6
|align=center|42
|align=center|21
|align=center|5
|align=center|16
|align=center|58
|align=center|64
|align=center|68
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1998–99
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|12
|align=center|38
|align=center|15
|align=center|7
|align=center|16
|align=center|40
|align=center|55
|align=center|52
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|1999–00
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|15
|align=center|34
|align=center|11
|align=center|7
|align=center|16
|align=center|36
|align=center|51
|align=center|40
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=red| Relegated
|-
|align=center|2000–01
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|1
|align=center|30
|align=center|22
|align=center|4
|align=center|4
|align=center|61
|align=center|17
|align=center|70
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=green| Promoted
|-
|align=center|2001–02
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|4
|align=center|34
|align=center|17
|align=center|10
|align=center|7
|align=center|43
|align=center|33
|align=center|58
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Lost promotion play-offs
|-
|align=center|2002–03
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|11
|align=center|34
|align=center|12
|align=center|7
|align=center|15
|align=center|30
|align=center|38
|align=center|43
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-
|align=center|2003–04
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|18
|align=center|34
|align=center|3
|align=center|7
|align=center|24
|align=center|22
|align=center|67
|align=center|16
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|Avoided relegation
|-
|align=center|2004–05
|align=center|2nd
|align=center|18
|align=center|34
|align=center|0
|align=center|2
|align=center|32
|align=center|5
|align=center|39
|align=center|2
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=red|withdrew Relegated
|}
Zhytychi Zhytomyr (2005–2006)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|2005–06
|align=center|3rd
|align=center|8
|align=center|28
|align=center|10
|align=center|11
|align=center|7
|align=center|38
|align=center|34
|align=center|41
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|withdrew
|}
MFC Polissya Zhytomyr (since 2016)
{|class="wikitable"
|- style="background:#efefef;"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Other
!Notes
|-bgcolor=#6798c1
| align="center"|2016
| align="center" rowspan=3|4th(Amateur Championship)
| align="center"|3
| align="center"|6
| align="center"|3
| align="center"|1
| align="center"|2
| align="center"|6
| align="center"|5
| align="center"|10
| align="center"|
| align="center"|
| align="center"|
| align="center"|Group 1
|-bgcolor=#6798c1
| align="center" rowspan=2|2016–17
| align="center" rowspan=2|6
| align="center" rowspan=2|20
| align="center" rowspan=2|7
| align="center" rowspan=2|5
| align="center" rowspan=2|8
| align="center" rowspan=2|13
| align="center" rowspan=2|18
| align="center" rowspan=2|26
| align="center" rowspan=2|
| align="center" rowspan=2|UAC
| align="center" rowspan=2| finals
| align="center" |Group 2
|-bgcolor=SteelBlue
| align="center" bgcolor=lightgreen|Admitted to SL
|-bgcolor=PowderBlue
|align=center|2017–18
|align=center rowspan=3|3rd "A"
|align=center|8
|align=center|27
|align=center|9
|align=center|3
|align=center|15
|align=center|31
|align=center|44
|align=center|30
| align="center" | finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=PowderBlue
|align=center|2018–19
|align=center bgcolor=tan|3
|align=center|27
|align=center|13
|align=center|6
|align=center|8
|align=center|23
|align=center|21
|align=center|45
| align="center" | finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|-bgcolor=PowderBlue
| align="center" |2019–20
| align="center" bgcolor=silver|2
| align="center" |20
| align="center" |11
| align="center" |6
| align="center" |3
| align="center" |28
| align="center" |11
| align="center" |39
| align="center" | finals
| align="center" |
| align="center" |
| align="center" bgcolor=lightgreen|Promoted
|-bgcolor=LightCyan
| align="center" |2020–21
| align="center" |2nd
| align="center" |11
| align="center" |30
| align="center" |9
| align="center" |8
| align="center" |13
| align="center" |32
| align="center" |37
| align="center" |35
| align="center" | finals
| align="center" |
| align="center" |
| align="center" |
|}
Awards
Championship of the Ukrainian SSR
Winners (1): 1967
Runners-up (2): 1973, 1975
Cup of the Ukrainian SSR (2)
Winners (2): 1972, 1990
Runners-up (1): 1974
FC Polissya-2 Zhytomyr
It is a team of the Specialized sports school of Olympic Reserve Polissya.
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|-
|align=center|2008
|align=center|4th
|align=center|2
|align=center|8
|align=center|5
|align=center|0
|align=center|3
|align=center|11
|align=center|9
|align=center|15
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|}
References
External links
Ukrainian Records
Soviet Records
Football club FC Polissya. Zhytomyr City Journal. 10 July 2009
Official website
Reshnyuk, M. "Our instance is the mayor's initiative". Prof-football is returning to Zhytomyr ("Наш случай - это инициатива мэра". В Житомир возвращается проффутбол). UA-Football. 8 July 2017
Maksim Maksimov. The chronological row of current events or Who will return the Big Football to Zhytomir? (Хроника текущих событий, или Кто вернет в Житомир Большой футбол?). UA-Football. 4 April 2012.
Football clubs in Zhytomyr
Association football clubs established in 1959
1959 establishments in Ukraine
Avanhard (sports society)
Spartak Voluntary Sports Society
Ukrainian First League clubs
Sport in Korosten
Phoenix clubs (association football)
Kissing Cousin (foaled 1 April 1991) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. As a two-year-old they showed progressive form, winning two minor races before finishing second in the May Hill Stakes and third in the Fillies' Mile. In the following year they ran poorly on their seasonal debut but won then won a minor stakes race before ending their racing career with a win in the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot. They were then retired from racing. They had little success as a broodmare, producing only two minor winners.
Background
Kissing Cousin was a bay mare with a small white star and a white sock on their left hind leg bred in Ireland by their owner Sheikh Mohammed. They were from the first crop of foals sired by Danehill a sprinter who won the Cork and Orrery Stakes and the Haydock Sprint Cup in 1989. Danehill went on to become and exceptionally successful breeding stallion producing the winners of more than a thousand races, including one hundred and fifty-six at Group One/Grade I level. Among their best offspring are Duke of Marmalade, Dylan Thomas, Rock of Gibraltar, George Washington and North Light.
Them dam First Kiss won two minor races as a three-year-old in 1986 and was the granddaughter of Pistol Packer, a leading racemare who won the Prix de Diane and finished second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. They were also a distant relative of Noblesse who won The Oaks and later became an influential broodmare.
The filly was sent into training with Henry Cecil at their Warren Place stable in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career
1993: two-year-old season
As a two-year-old, Kissing Cousin showed little early promise, finishing unplaced in maiden races at Newbury in May and Nottingham in June. In July, they recorded their first success when winning a six furlong maiden at Haydock Park Racecourse and followed up two weeks later in a minor race at Thirsk winning by six lengths at odds of 4/6. On their next appearance, the filly was moved up in class and distance for the Group Three May Hill Stakes over one mile at Doncaster Racecourse on 9 September. Ridden by Michael Roberts, they started the 5/2 joint-favourite and led for most of the way before being overtaken in the final furlong and was beaten two lengths into second place by the Michael Stoute trained Hawajiss. Later in the month they were moved up to the highest class for the Group One Fillies' Mile at Ascot Racecourse and started the 7/1 third favourite in the eleven-runner field. Roberts again sent them into the lead from the start and they maintained their advantage until the final furlong when they were overtaken and finished third behind Fairy Heights and Dance To The Top. The tactics were repeated when Kissing Cousin ended their season in the Rockfel Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse in October. They led till the last quarter mile but tired in the closing stages to finish sixth of the nine runners behind the Luca Cumani-trained Relatively Special.
1994: three-year-old season
Kissing Cousin made their first appearance as a three-year-old in the seven furlong Fred Darling Stakes (a trial race for the 1000 Guineas) at Newbury on 15 April. Ridden for the first time by Mick Kinane they raced in second before fading in the last quarter mile and finished last of the seven runners behind Bulaxie. The filly missed the 1000 Guineas and reappeared in a minor stakes race at Leicester Racecourse on 23 May in which they were ridden by Willie Ryan. Starting at odds of 3/1 in a four-runner field they took the lead from the start and drew away in the last quarter mile and drew away in the last two furlongs to win by twenty lengths from Miss Kristin.
On 15 June, Kissing Cousin was moved back up to Group One class for the 145th running of the Coronation Stakes over one mile at Royal Ascot. With Kinane in the saddle, they started at odds of 13/2 (having been backed down from 20/1 on the morning of the race) in a nine-runner field, with the 1000 Guineas winner Las Meninas being made the 9/4 favourite. The other contenders included Relatively Special, Mehthaaf (Irish 1,000 Guineas), Lemon Souffle, Prophecy and the unbeaten Zafaaf. Kinane sent the filly into the lead from the start and they maintained their advantage into the straight ahead of Lemon Souffle and the French-trained outsider Eternal Reve. In the final furlong Kissing Cousin was strongly challenged by Eternal Reve but ran on "gamely" to win by a short head, with Mehthaaf two and a half lengths back in third ahead of Lemon Souffle. After the race Henry Cecil commented "She's very genuine but they just has their days. I told Sheikh Mohammed that they would either win or finish last. I haven't worked out any plans for her, but at least she's won a Group One, even if they never wins anything else".
Kissing Cousin never raced again and was retired at the end of the year.
Breeding record
After their retirement from racing, Kissing Cousin became a broodmare for their owner's Darley Stud. They produced at least five foals and two minor winners between 1996 and 2001:
Greetings, a bay filly, foaled in 1996, sired by Rainbow Quest. Unraced.
Patruel, bay filly, 1997, by Rainbow Quest. Won one race.
Kissinger, colt, 1998, by Nashwan. Unraced.
Realism, bay colt (later gelded), 2000, by Machiavellian. Won ten flat races and one hurdle race.
Houbara, dark bay or brown colt (later gelded), 2001, by Octagonal. Failed to win in five races.
Pedigree
Like all of Danehill's offspring Kissing Cousin is inbred 4 × 4 to the mare Natalma. This means that they occur twice in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
1991 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 14-f
The 1968 Redbridge Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Redbridge London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Grant Park Shopping Centre (formerly Grant Park Plaza) is a 70-shop, nearly 400,000-square-foot shopping centre in the Grant Park area of southwest Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Located near the mall are Grant Park High School and the Pan-Am Pool.
Development
The land around what would later become Grant Park Shopping Centre was first developed with the introduction of the Harte Subdivision for the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in 1908.
From the 1920s to late 1950s, the Grant Park area was the location of a Métis community known as Rooster Town. The difficulty of procuring affordable housing close to other members of the Métis community led families to build their own housing on this land. Throughout the 1950s, residents were under increasing pressure from developers to relocate. In 1959, the remaining residents were evicted and their homes were burnt or torn down. Rooster Town has been described by Lawrie Barkwell, senior historian at the Louis Riel Institute, as a "working-class community with a vibrant culture." Recent scholarship, such as the book Rooster Town: The History of an Urban Métis Community, 1901-1961 by Evelyn Peters, Matthew Stock and Adrian Werner and an article by David G. Burley in Urban History Review (Revue d'histoire urbaine) explore the long-hidden history of this community. The University of Manitoba also hosts an online archive about Rooster Town.
Developed by Aronovitch & Leipsic, groundbreaking to create the shopping centre took place in 1962. The centre opened with a few detached buildings in 1964; some of the original stores included Safeway, Dominion, and Clarke's. In 1966, Woolco was added to the mall, precipitating a court case with Clarke's that eventually reached the Supreme Court (Clark's-Gamble of Canada Ltd. v Grant Park Plaza Ltd. et al). With the Court ruling in favour of Woolco, efforts began to enclose the mall in order to connect stores together.
Grant Park subsequently became an enclosed shopping mall in 1969. That year, the first Cinerama theatre in Winnipeg—a 742-seat National General Corporation cinema hall called Grant Park Cinerama Theatre—opened at the centre, with its entrance being through the mall itself.
The mall completed an extensive renovation of its common areas in 1989, and changed its marketing name from Grant Park Plaza to Grant Park Shopping Centre, featuring a new logo.
The mall began a four-year renovation starting in 2012 and ending in 2016.
Stores
The mall has approximately 70 stores and services. It is anchored by Red River Co-op, Manitoba Liquor Mart, Shoppers Drug Mart, Landmark Cinemas, Canadian Tire and McNally Robinson; the Liquor Mart at Grant Park is the largest in the province.
The eastern end of the mall was originally anchored by discount department store Woolco, constructed approximately two years after the mall first opened and subject of a lawsuit appealed to the Supreme Court of Canada. The Woolco store was bought out and converted to Walmart in 1994. This same location was vacated by Walmart in 2001 and replaced by Zellers. This Zellers location closed on 11 February 2013. The location was then occupied by Target from November 2013 to April 2015. Canadian Tire took over roughly 75% of the space in 2016 and remainder was leased to GoodLife Fitness which opened in 2016.
As part of the renewal of Grant Park Shopping Centre and after Dominion Stores left western Canada in 1984, the Safeway supermarket was moved to the Dominion Store space in 1989.
In the 1970s and 1980s a video-game and pinball arcade known as The Pirate's Den operated in the space now taken by the mid-mall washrooms. After home videogames became more popular and during the 1989 renovations of the mall, the arcade was closed.
Further renovations in the mid-1990s made for the opening of Winnipeg's largest McNally Robinson Bookseller location in order to compete with the Chapters retail chain.
The former Target location's lease was sold to Canadian Tire and they were opened on 23 June 2016.
2 new pad sites were built on the lot during 2016-2017; Cambrian Credit Union and Fionn MacCool's Pub.
Movie theatre
Opened in 1969, Grant Park Cinerama Theatre—a 742-seat National General Corporation cinema hall—was the first Cinerama theatre in Winnipeg.
The first film screened at the theatre was Krakatoa, East of Java (1968). In 1989, the theatre became a multiplex, and since then has been reorganized a few times. It eventually came under control of Empire Theatres, who, on 27 June 2013, announced that it will be selling this theatre location along with 22 others in western Canada and Ontario to Landmark Cinemas. The theatre has since remained with Landmark, under the name Landmark Cinemas 8 Grant Park.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Winnipeg
Shopping malls in Manitoba
Shopping malls established in 1969
1969 establishments in Manitoba
River Heights, Winnipeg
Geomythology (also called “legends of the earth," "landscape mythology," “myths of observation,” “natural knowledge") is the study of oral and written traditions created
by pre-scientific cultures to account for, often in poetic or mythological imagery, geological events and phenomena such as earthquakes, volcanoes, floods, tsunamis, land formation, fossils, and natural features of the landscape.
Dorothy Vitaliano, a geologist at Indiana University, coined the term in 1968.
"Geomythology indicates every case in which the origin of myths and legends can be shown to contain references to geological phenomena and aspects, in a broad sense including astronomical ones (comets, eclipses, meteor impacts, etc.). As indicated by Vitaliano (1973) 'primarily, there are two kinds of geologic folklore, that in which some geologic feature or the occurrence of some geologic phenomenon has inspired a folklore explanation, and that which is the garbled explanation of some actual geologic event, usually a natural catastrophe'."
Oral traditions about nature are often expressed in mythological language and may contain genuine and perceptive natural knowledge based on careful observation of physical evidence over generations. In some instances, geomyths can provide valuable information about past earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, impact events, fossil discoveries, and other events.
Geomyths include folk explanations of conspicuous geological features, and sometimes garbled or metaphorical descriptions of
catastrophic geological events that were witnessed in antiquity. In the case of massive geomorphic
events in the pre-human past, such as mountain formation, observations and imagination combined in mythic
explanations that were handed down orally over millennia. In the case of natural catastrophes
within living human memory, descriptions were handed down over generations. Both types of geomyth often include
supernatural details. Because the descriptive narratives were expressed in mythological language,
scientists and historians have not been aware of the real events and rational concepts
embedded in geomythological stories. One type of geomyth includes tales arising from
imagination or popular misconceptions, for example, beings
magically transformed into stone to account for landforms. As more studies are done in geomythology,
however, scientists and historians are finding accurate insights about geological processes. And datable events such as tsunamis, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions have been found to be recorded by
eyewitness accounts, some from thousands of years ago.
Some myths transmitted real information about real events and observations, preserving geological data over millennia within non-literate cultures. A well-documented example of a datable geological event recorded in myth is the creation of Crater Lake in Oregon when Mount Mazama collapsed. Geologists' scientific interpretation of how the volcanic cataclysm long ago resulted in Crater Lake, is echoed point for point in a local myth of its origin, told by members of the Klamath Indian tribe who saw it happen almost 8,000 years ago.
In August 2004 the 32nd International Geological Congress held a session on "Myth and Geology", which resulted in the first peer-reviewed collection of papers on the subject (2007).
See also
Landscape mythology
Euhemerus
Notes
Further reading
Barber, E. W. and Barber, P. (2005) When They Severed Earth from Sky: How the Human Mind Shapes Myth Princeton University Press.
Burbery, T. (2021). Geomythology: How Common Stories Reflect Earth Events. Routledge.
Hamacher, D.W. (2014). Geomythology and Cosmic Impacts in Australia. West Australian Geologist, No. 505, pp. 11–14.
Hamacher, D.W. and Goldsmith, J. (2013). Aboriginal oral traditions of Australian impact craters. Journal of Astronomical History and Heritage, Vol. 16(3), pp. 295–311.
Hamacher, D.W. and Norris, R.P., (2009). Australian Aboriginal Geomythology: eyewitness accounts of cosmic impacts? Archaeoastronomy, Vol. 22, pp. 60–93.
Mayor, A., (2011). The First Fossil Hunters: Dinosaurs, Mammoths, and Myth in Greek and Roman Times. Princeton University Press.
Mayor, A. (2005). Fossil Legends of the First Americans. Princeton University Press.
Mayor, A. (2004). Geomythology. Encyclopedia of Geology, Selley, R., Cox, R., and Palmer, I. (ed). Elsevier.
Piccardi, L. (2000). Active faulting at Delphi: seismotectonic remarks and a hypothesis for the geological environment of a myth. Geology, Vol. 28 (7), pp. 651–654. doi:10.1130/0091-7613(2000)28<651:AFADGS>2.0.CO;2
Piccardi, L. (2001). Fault-related sanctuaries. EOS Transactions, American Geophysical Union, 52 (47), U52B-03. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/234424583_Fault-Related_Sanctuaries
Piccardi, L. (2005). Paleoseismic evidence of legendary earthquakes: the apparition of Archangel Michael at Monte Sant'Angelo (Italy). Tectonophysics, Vol. 408, pp. 113–128. doi:10.1016/j.tecto.2005.05.041
Piccardi, L. (2005). The head of the Hydra of Lerna (Greece). Archaeopress, British Archaeological Reports, International Series, Vol. 1337/2005, pp. 179-186.
Piccardi, L. and Masse, W.B. (eds) (2007). Myth and Geology. Geological Society, London, Special Publications No. 273.
Piccardi, L. (2007). The AD 60 Denizli Basin earthquake and the apparition of Archangel Michael at Colossae (Aegean Turkey). in Piccardi, L. and Masse, W.B. (eds) (2007). Myth and Geology. Geological Society, London, Special Publications No. 273, pp. 95–105. doi:10.1144/GSL.SP.2007.273.01.08
Piccardi, L., Monti, C., Vaselli, O., Tassi, F., Gaki-Papanastassiou, K., Papanastassiou, D. (2008). Scent of a myth: tectonics, geochemistry and geomythology at Delphi (Greece). Journal of the Geological Society, London, Vol. 165, pp. 5–18. doi:10.1144/0016-76492007-055
Piccardi, L. (2014). Post-glacial activity and earthquakes of the Great Glen Fault (Scotland). Memorie Descrittive della Carta Geologica d'Italia, vol. XCVI, pp. 432–446. https://www.isprambiente.gov.it/it/pubblicazioni/periodici-tecnici/memorie-descrittive-della-carta-geologica-ditalia/memdes_96_piccardi2.pdf
Stewart, I.S., Piccardi, L. (2017). Seismic faults and sacred sanctuaries in Aegean antiquity. Proceedings of the Geologists Association, vol. 128, pp. 711–721. https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/151192491.pdf
Vitaliano, D. B. (1968). Geomythology. Journal of the Folklore Institute, Vol. 5, No. 1 (June 1968), p. 11.
Vitaliano, D. B. (1973). Legends of the Earth, Indiana University Press, 305 p.
Vitaliano, D. B. (2007). “Geomythology: Geological Origins of Myths and Legends”. In: Myth and Geology. Piccardi, L., Masse, W. B (ed). GSL, Special Publications. 273: 1–7.
History of Earth science
Mythography
Lady Brown may refer to:
Margaret Cecil, Lady Brown (1689–1782), society patroness and antagonist of the composer Handel
Lady Brown (song), Japanese hip hop song by Nujabes
The Sanaghagara Waterfall is a waterfall located in the Kendujhar district in the Indian state of Odisha.
See also
List of waterfalls in India
List of waterfalls in India by height
References
Waterfalls of Odisha
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) campus is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Most of the institutes house their Divisions of Intramural Research on this campus spread out among various buildings.
Location
The campus is located between Old Georgetown Road on the west, Wisconsin Avenue on the east, West Cedar Lane on the North, and downtown Bethesda on the south. The Walter Reed National Military Medical Center is located directly across Wisconsin Ave. from the campus, and the Washington, D.C. border is less than three miles to the south. The Medical Center Washington Metro stop is located just beyond the campus fence along Wisconsin Ave.
History
The Bethesda campus has been occupied since 1938 when the original National Institute of Health began to expand outside of Washington, D.C. The Clinical Center, Building 10, opened in 1953 with 540 beds, thus allowing for clinical research. Launched in the wake of Nazi medical experiments done during World War II, research protocols here fell under ethical review by a review board.
Buildings
There are over fifty buildings on the Bethesda campus with designated numbers.
Security
As a federal government facility housing sensitive research, the Bethesda campus has security measures for the safety of employees, patients, and visitors. A Department of Health and Human Services identification card is needed for immediate access. Visitors must have a government issued photo ID for a pass, and their vehicles and/or persons undergo inspections.
See also
National Institutes of Health
Bethesda, Maryland
References
National Institutes of Health
Slobozia Mândra is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Slobozia Mândra. It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Uda-Clocociov Commune.
The commune is situated in the Wallachian Plain, a short distance from the Olt River. It is located in the western reaches of Teleorman County, on the border with Olt County, north of Turnu Măgurele and west of the county seat, Alexandria.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Henry Francis Hepburne-Scott, 7th Lord Polwarth (1 January 1800 – 16 August 1867) was firstly a Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Roxburghshire, 1826–32, then a Representative Peer for Scotland in the House of Lords at Westminster. They were Lord Lieutenant and Sheriff Principal of Selkirkshire, and a Lord-in-Waiting to Queen Victoria.
Their father, Hugh Scott of Harden and Mertoun, had entered the House of Lords following their claim, by right of their mother, for the 1690 Scottish peerage of Lord Polwarth being admitted by them in July 1835. Henry assumed the additional surname of Hepburne in consequence of the estates of the Hepburns of Humbie having descended to him, through their great-great-grandmother, Helen Hepburn, Countess of Tarras.
Harriet Brühl, the mother of the 7th Lord Polwarth, was the daughter of Alicia, Dowager Countess of Egremont, through their second marriage to Count Hans Moritz von Brühl.
The 7th Lord Polwarth married, on 28 December 1841, Georgina (1816–1859), sister of George Baillie-Hamilton, 10th Earl of Haddington and third daughter of George Baillie of Mellerstain House and Jerviswood by their spouse Mary, the youngest daughter of Sir James Pringle, 4th Baronet. They left children.
References
The Peerage of the British Empire, by Edmund Lodge, Norroy King of Arms, 27th edition, London, 1858, pps:276-7, and 447.
Burke's Peerage Baronetage and Knightage, edited by Peter Townend, 105th edition, London, 1970, p. 2145.
External links
1800 births
1867 deaths
Hepburne-Scott, Henry
Hepburne-Scott, Henry
Hepburne-Scott, Henry
Hepburne-Scott, Henry
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Hepburne-Scott, Henry
Scottish representative peers
Lord-Lieutenants of Selkirkshire
Lords of Parliament
Conservative Party (UK) Baronesses- and Lords-in-Waiting
19th-century Scottish judges
Chip Van Os (born February 13, 1970) is an American handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics. They later became a managing director at Scotiabank.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Houston
The feminine given name Sandra may refer to:
Academics
Sandra Beckerman, Dutch archaeologist
Sandra Bem, American psychologist
Sandra Dawson (academic), British social scientist and academic
Sandra M. Faber, American astronomer
Sandra Gilbert, American academic
Sandra Harding, American philosopher
Sandra Mackey, American expert on Middle Eastern culture and politics
Sandra Lee McKay, American sociolinguist
Sandra Myres, American historian
Sandra Scarr, American psychology professor
Sandra Steingraber, American biologist
Sandra Stinnett, American statistician
Activists
Sandra Brown, Scottish campaigner and leading expert on child protection issues
Sandra Dodd, American unschooling advocate
Sandra Feldman, American civil rights activist, educator and labor leader
Sandra Froman, American president of the National Rifle Association
Sandra Postel, American environmentalist
Sandra Schnur, American disability rights activist
Sandra Stotsky, American education reformist
Actresses
Sandra Bernhard, American actor
Sandra Blázquez (born 1987), Spanish actor
Sandra Bullock (born 1964), American actor
Sandra Will Carradine, American actor
Sandra Dee, American film actor
Sandra Dickinson, American actor
Sandra Echeverría, Mexican actor and singer
Sandra Ferguson, also Sandra Reinhardt, American actor
Sandra Gough, British actor
Sandra Gould, American actor
Sandra Hess, Swiss actor
Sandra Hüller, German actor
Sandra Kerns, American actor
Sandra McCoy, American actor
Sandra Milo, Italian actor
Sandra Moser (born 1969), Swiss actor
Sandra Nelson, American actor
Sandra Ng, Hong Kong actor
Sandra O'Ryan, Chilean actor
Sandra Oh, Canadian actor of Korean descent
Sandra Prinsloo, South African actor
Sandra Prosper, American actor
Sandra Shamas, Canadian actor
Sandra Shaw, American actor
Sandra Spencer, British actor
Sandra Zober, American actor
Fictional
Sandra, a fictional character played by Marion Cotillard in the 2014 Belgian film Two Days, One Night
Sandra, a fictional character voiced by Erin Yvette from video game The Walking Dead
Sandra Briggs, a fictional character from British soap opera Emmerdale
Sandra Clark, a fictional character played by Jackée Harry on the television series 227
Sandra Corleone, a fictional character from The Godfather series
Sandra "Sandy" Dombrowski, a main character in the 1971 musical Grease
Sandra "Sandy" Swift, daughter and brother of fictional genius inventors Tom Swift Sr. and Tom Swift Jr., respectively
Artists
Sandra Bell-Lundy, Canadian comic strip artist
Sandra Blow, English painter
Sandra Bowden, American painter
Sandra Choi, British designer
Sandra Cretu, German popular singer/songwriter
Sandra Fabara, Lady Pink, American graffiti artist
Sandra Magsamen (born 1959), American author, artist, art therapist, and designer
Sandra Mansour, Lebanese fashion designer
Sandra Rauch, German artist
Cinema, radio and television
Sandra Gugliotta, Argentine film director
Sandra Lee, American author and television chef
Sandra Tsing Loh, American radio personality
Sandra Masone, American TV producer
Sandra Nashaat, Egyptian director
Sandra Studer, Swiss television personality
Sandra Weintraub, American television writer
Journalists
Sandra Bookman, American television news reporter and anchor
Sandra Golpe, Spanish journalist
Sandra Gwyn, Canadian journalist
Sandra Maischberger, German journalist
Sandra Sully, Australian journalist
Judges
Sandra Beckwith, American judge
Sandra Segal Ikuta, American judge
Sandra Lea Lynch, American judge
Sandra Day O'Connor, American justice of the Supreme Court of the United States
Sandra Roper, American civil rights lawyer and judge
Models
Sandra Angelia, Indonesian model
Sandra Lynne Becker, American model
Sandra Edwards, American model
Sandra Force, American model
Sandra Howard, English model
Sandra Hubby, American model
Sandra Nyanchoka, Kenyan model
Sandra Settani, American model
Musicians
Sandra Barber, American singer
Sandra Chambers, Italian singer
Sandra Chapin, American songwriter
Sandra Collins, American DJ
Sandra Cretu, Sandra, German singer/songwriter
Sandra Crouch, American singer
Sandra Denton, American singer
Sandra Dianne, Malaysian singer-songwriter
Sandra Gillette, American musician
Sandra Kerr, English singer
Sandra Kim, Belgian singer
Sandra Lyng Haugen, Norwegian singer
Sandra Ann Lauer, the birth name of the German singer Sandra
Sandra McCracken, American singer
Sandra Mihanovich, Argentine singer
Sandra Nasić, German singer
Sandra Nurmsalu, Estonian singer and violinist
Sandra Oxenryd, Swedish singer
Sandra "Lois" Reeves, American singer
Sandra Schleret, Austrian singer
Sandra Sully, American musician
Sandra Tilley, American musician
Sandra Wright Shen, American pianist
Sandra Zaiter, Puerto Rican singer
Politicians
Sandra Beckerman, Dutch politician
Sandra Botha, South African Politician
Sandra Bussin, Canadian politician
Sandra Bolden Cunningham, American First Lady of Jersey City
Sandra Andersen Eira (born 1986), Norwegian Sami politician
Sandra Frankel, American politician
Sandra Gidley, British politician
Sandra Goudie, New Zealand politician
Sandra Kalniete, Latvian politician
Sandra Kanck, Australian politician
Sandra Lee-Vercoe, New Zealand politician
Sandra Lewandowska, Polish politician
Sandra Lovelace Nicholas, Canadian politician
Sandra Mason, Barbadian politician and Governor-General of Barbados
Sandra Nori, Australian politician
Sandra Osborne, Scottish politician
Sandra Pierantozzi, Palauan politician
Sandra M. Pihos, American politician
Sandra Pupatello, Canadian politician
Sandra E. Roelofs, Dutch first lady of Georgia
Sandra L. Smith, Canadian politician
Sandra Márjá West, Norwegian Sami politician and festival manager of Riddu Riđđu
Sandra White, Scottish politician
Sandra Zampa, Italian politician
Sports
Sandra Allen, Australian softball player
Sandra Andersson, Swedish footballer
Sandra Azón, Spanish sailor
Sandra Beavis, Australian swimmer
Sandra Bezic, Canadian figure skater
Sandra Cam, Belgian freestyle swimmer
Sandra Chick, Zimbabwean field hockey player
Sandra Dawson (cricketer) (born 1962), Irish cricketer
Sandra Dawson (runner) (born 1970), Australian runner
Sandra Douglas, British athlete
Sandra Farmer-Patrick, American athlete
Sandra Gasser, Swiss athlete
Sandra Glover, American athlete
Sandra Góngora (born 1985), Mexican ten-pin bowler
Sandra Greaves, Canadian judoka
Sandra Haynie, American golfer
Sandra Izbaşa, Romanian gymnast
Sandra Jenkins, Canadian curler
Sandra Keith, Canadian athlete
Sandra Kiriasis, German bobsledder
Sandra Kloesel, German tennis player
Sandra Le Poole, Dutch field hockey player
Sandra Levy, Canadian field hockey player
Sandra Lizé, Canadian water polo player
Sandra Mackie, New Zealand field hockey player
Sandra Moya, Puerto Rican track and field athlete
Sandra Myers, Spanish sprinter
Sandra Neilson, American swimmer
Sandra Owusu-Ansah, Ghanaian footballer
Sandra Palmer (golfer), American golfer
Sandra Post, Canadian golfer
Sandra Reynolds Price, South African tennis player
Sandra Ruales, Ecuadorian athlete
Sandra Rucker, American figure skater
Sandra Schmirler, Canadian curler
Sandra Schumacher, German cyclist
Sandra Seuser, German sprinter
Sandra Soldan, Brazilian athlete
Sandra Stals, Belgian runner
Sandra Völker, German swimmer
Sandra Wagner-Sachse, German athlete
Writers
Sandra Alland, Canadian poet
Sandra Birdsell, Canadian writer
Sandra Boynton, American writer
Sandra Brown, American writer
Sandra M. Castillo, American poet
Sandra Cisneros, American author and poet
Sandra Dempsey, Canadian playwright
Sandra Jackson-Opoku, American writer
Sandra Kitt, American writer
Sandra McDonald, American author
Sandra Miesel, American writer
Sandra Sabatini, Canadian writer
Sandra Scoppettone, American author
Sandra Worth, Canadian author
Multiple people
Sandra Smith
Sandra Williams
Other people
Sandra Cantu (2001–2009), American murder victim
Sandra Ciesek (born 1978), German physician and virologist
Sandra Diaz-Twine (born 1974), American Survivor winner from seasons Pearl Islands and Heroes vs. Villains
Sandra Good (born 1944), American member of Manson Family
Sandra Keller (born 1967), Sultaana Freeman, American Muslim
Sandra Lerner (born 1955), American business person
Sandra Magnus (born 1964), American astronaut
Sandra Rozzo, American murder victim
Sandra Scheuer, murdered American student
Sandra Tanner (born 1941), American critic of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
See also
Sander (name)
Sandrine
Sandro
Sondra
Sandy (given name)
References
Sandra
The Manifesto on Unshakable Autocracy was issued by Tsar Alexander III of Russia on April 29, 1881 (O.S.), about two months after the assassination of their father, Alexander II of Russia. Influenced by, if not written by, Konstantin Pobedonostsev, the Procurator of the Holy Synod, the manifesto rejected the more liberal reforms of their father (and some of their father's ministers) in favor of "unshakable autocracy" which had been given to the tsars as a sacred duty from God. The document summed up Alexander's counter reform policies.
In their book Russia: A 1,000-Year Chronicle Of The Wild East, Martin Sixsmith compared the language of Alexander's document to Ivan the Terrible's coronation speech. Sixsmith says that the "language is strikingly reminiscent of Ivan the Terrible's speech at their coronation in 1547: From this day I shall be the sole and absolute ruler, for a kingdom cannot be ruled without an iron hand...Broad and bounteous are our lands, but there is little order in them. Only absolute power can safeguard Russia...'"
References
1881 documents
1881 in the Russian Empire
19th century in the Russian Empire
Unshakable Autocracy
The Lambeth Country Show is a large, free community gathering that takes place annually in Brockwell Park in Lambeth, generally on the third weekend of July.
There are many events at the show, which is funded by Lambeth Council. These include horse riding displays, displays of birds of prey and owls, a variety of animals from the local Vauxhall City Farm, a fun fair, musical performances from quite well known bands such as Aswad, a crafts display and more. Many community groups have a presence at the show and there are a wide variety of foods and drinks available. Chief among the attractions is the novel "vegetable animal" competition which features as part of the Flower Show. Locals compete to create strange and wonderful creatures out of vegetables, which has in the past included an owl made from a pineapple, dinosaurs made from potatoes, and a figurine of Nigel Farage being slapped by a wet fish. Other attractions include sheep shearing, a scarecrow competition and jousting. Activities also include educational masterclasses that invite various organisations to speak about their work. For example, TEDxLambeth, a TEDx conference based in Lambeth, was invited to speak in 2019 about their event at the Royal Society of Arts.
About 180,000 people attend the show and come from all sectors of the diverse inner-london community, making it one of the largest free community festivals in Europe.
The 2012 Lambeth Country Show took place later than usual, on 15 and 16 September, to avoid clashing with the London Olympics.
References
Festivals in London
Mills & Boon Monographs and Technical Library are short works on advanced technical engineering subjects published in the early 1970s by Mills & Boon, a British publisher better known for its romances.
The monographs are in series, for example: Mechanics Engineering Monographs, Mechanics Engineering Library and Electrical Engineering Monographs.
The library was the idea of Dr J. Gordon Cook, and consists of "concise up to date authoritative information" on new fields or fields where progress was being made. The authors were acknowledged experts in their fields.
List of monographs
Key: TL = Technical library, CE = Chemical engineering, ME = Mechanical engineering
References
Series of books
The Afan Forest Park (formally and locally known as Afan Argoed Country Park) is a forest park in Britain. It is set in the Afan Valley in Neath Port Talbot, in south Wales. It is well known for its mountain biking and hiking or hillwalking trails. It is situated seven miles (11 km) from Junction 40 of the M4 (the Port Talbot turn).
Trails and waymarked walks
As the A4107 meanders through the steep sided valley it is easy to understand why this valley has been developed as a premier mountain bike riding venue in the United Kingdom. The Forest Park also has nine waymarked walking trails, ranging from a 30-minute amble to a 3-4 hour ramble. There are also miles of public rights of way. As well as mountain biking, there is also a network of of disused railway lines which are used for walking and cycling. These are called the Family Routes, or the Low Level Cycleway. These also form a link between the mountain bike trails.
The Forest Park Centre has camping facilities, with campsites with a shower block and toilet block which can also be used by other visitors. In addition to these basic facilities, the centre also has a café, small local museum on mining, bike shop and a gift shop.
Kanji Wood
In 2002, Afan Forest Park was officially twinned with the C.W.Nicol Woodland Trust in Kurohime in the Nagano prefecture of Japan. In Afan Forest Park, 'Kanji Wood' was developed on three kanji characters; human, forest and life and landscaped with Japanese trees, shrubs and sculptures.
Education and activities
The Forest Park runs a schools program with its "Education Ranger" and also organises adult education from the study room at the Forest Park Centre, which is available for private groups. They also do an annual program of walks and activities and have a wildlife puzzle trail for families.
Theatre Tymaen
Developed in 2006, this is a 300-seat outdoor theatre for drama, music, art and workshops. It is available for hire.
Mountain bike trails
Penhydd Trail
The Penhydd trail was built by a group of enthusiasts from the local mountain bike club. It's a 22 km loop. This trail was voted as the trail to ride before you die by What Mountain Bike Magazine in 2004.
The Wall Trail
With the success of the Penhydd Trail, the Forestry Commission saw how popular mountain biking was becoming so the Wall trail was built. This is a 24 km mainly single-track loop. The Graveyard section and the final descent of the Wall have been well reviewed.
White's Level Trail
This is a 6 km single-track climb and downhill. There is usually transport available for downhill riders at weekends, from the Glyncorrwg Mountain Bike Centre. The whole trail is 15 km long and has recently been the focus of most new trail building activity. A new section, the NPower Renewables Energy Trail, was opened on 12 October 2007.
Skyline Trail
The newest trail in the valley. This is a 46 km long loop, sharing the same initial climb as White's Level. It is known for the views from the horizon line. The Jetlag section is known for its high difficulty. There are also two 'shortcuts' on the route for riders who are not ready to attempt the whole 46 km.
W2 Trail
This is a high level link that connects both The Wall and White's Level.
Accommodation
Lists of places to stay in and around the park can be found at the Afan Forest Park website.
2015 Update: A new campsite has opened in Afan Forest Park called Willow Springs Campsite.
Media
Afan Forest park was named in the top ten places in the world to "ride before you die" by What Mountain Bike Magazine. Other destinations named included Whistler, Canada.
The high bridge in the park was used as a recurring filming location for the Channel 4/Netflix black comedy The End of the F***ing World.
Forestry
Large numbers of larch trees infected with Phytophthora ramorum have been felled, to be replaced by mixed species for timber production.
Notes
External links
Official Afan Forest Park Website for information on events
Afan Forest Park - MBWales
Afan Forest Park - Forestry Commission
Photos of Afan Forest Park from Geograph
Sustrans Routes2Ride: Cycling in Afan Forest Park
Map location for Mountain Bike Centre and local accommodation
Map of mountain bike trails in Afan Forest Park
Afan Valley
Forests and woodlands of Neath Port Talbot
Parks in Neath Port Talbot
Country parks in Wales
Golnar Abivardi and Haleh Abivardi, also known as Abivardi Sisters, are Swiss dentists and entrepreneurs, known for their chain of dental clinics called Swiss Smile.
Early life and education
Their father was a natural scientist at ETH Zurich and their mother was the director of a school for the English language. Moving within the country, they started working different side jobs as teenagers, receiving their Matura in Zürich. Both studied dentistry at the University of Zurich; Haleh Abivardi from 1990 to 1996, finishing their dissertation in 1998, and their younger sister Golnar from 1993 to 1998, finishing theirs in 2001.
Career
After working as employed dentists, Haleh Abivardi, the older sibling, took over a dental practice in Amriswil in 2001, opening the Abivardi & Abivardi practice with their younger sister. In 2002, they founded Swiss Smile with its first clinic at the ShopVille shopping mall at Zürich Central Station. The business idea is inspired by the mall itself, featuring f. e. long opening hours.
In 2017 the Swiss Jacobs Holding bought a share from the Abivardi sisters and from Swedish EQT Partners that had acquired a minority interest in 2013. They exited their shareholdings in Swiss Smile and the parent company Colosseum Dental in 2020.
In August 2019, the two sisters founded vVardis AG with a registered office in Baar (Zug, Switzerland), an oral care company that includes Credentis AG (acquired in 2020) and its portfolio of oral care technologies.
Personal life
Haleh Abivardi has four children and is married. Golnar is the mother of two children and also married.
Recognition and philanthropy
Besides being engaged in charity organisations offering free dental care for people in need, both Abivardi sisters received the Veuve Clicquot Businesswoman of the Year award for Switzerland in 2007. In addition, CNBC Magazine described their approach in 2007 as revolutionary.
References
1969 births
1973 births
Living people
Swiss dentists
University of Zurich alumni
Six or 6 Star(s) or star(s) can refer to:
Six-star rank, an extremely senior rank, rarely held
A grading of a hotel, restaurant, movie, TV, theatre or musical work or performance - see star (classification)
Six stars, central to the plot of RG Veda manga series based on Vedic mythology
The men's pole vault event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam.
Results
References
Pole vaults at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Pole
Judith E. Fradkin is an American physician-scientist. They were the director of the Division of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Metabolic Diseases at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases from 2000 to 2018.
Education
Fradkin completed their medical degree from University of California, San Francisco. They were an intern and resident at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and an endocrinology fellow at Yale School of Medicine.
Career
Fradkin first came to NIDDK as a clinical associate in 1979 after completing their medical degree. In 1984, Fradkin became a NIDDK Division of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Metabolic Diseases branch chief and subsequently served in roles as the division's deputy director and acting director before being appointed as director in 2000. According to Griffin P. Rodgers, "under Dr. Fradkin's leadership, the Institute launched ambitious clinical trials to advance the prevention and treatment of diabetes, including the TrialNet network to conduct clinical trials to prevent or delay the progression of type 1 diabetes; the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) trial to compare treatment approaches to type 2 diabetes in children; HEALTHY, a school-based intervention to lower the risk factors for type 2 diabetes in children; the vitamin D and type 2 diabetes (D2d) study assessing efficacy of vitamin D in type 2 diabetes prevention; the Restoring Insulin Secretion (RISE) studies; and the Glycemia Reduction Approaches in Diabetes (GRADE) study comparing type 2 diabetes medications."
A major component of Fradkin's leadership tenure at NIDDK is the Special Statutory Funding Program for Type 1 Diabetes Research. Commonly known as the Special Diabetes Program, this program was introduced through legislation in 1997.
Fradkin worked closely with bipartisan Congressional leaders, many institutes and centers at NIH and other DHHS agencies, and the broad diabetes research community to plan and implement an extraordinary series of initiatives over the last 22 years to deploy the nearly $3 billion in dedicated appropriations for type 1 diabetes research. Fradkin led the Diabetes Mellitus Interagency Coordinating Committee, where they facilitated collaboration on diabetes among Federal entities. They also served on the Executive Committee of the National Diabetes Education Program, and they were a member of the Interagency Coordinating Committee on Human Growth Hormone and Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease. They also treated people who sought care at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center endocrinology clinic. Fradkin launched an important series of diabetes initiatives to advance the development of artificial pancreas and other diabetes management technologies and to develop innovative strategies to protect or replace beta cells in diabetes. They also prioritized research on obesity, insulin action, and animal models of diabetes.
Fradkin retired in December 2018 after nearly 40 years of service. Them leadership and oversight of research dedicated to the prevention, treatment, and cure of diabetes, and other metabolic and endocrine disorders, improved healthcare for millions of Americans. Around NIDDK, Fradkin was known for their attention to detail, ability to think quickly on their feet, broad knowledge, precision in communication, as well as their compassion, collegiality, wit, and generosity.
Awards and honors
Fradkin's work was recognized with many awards during their time in government. They received the American Medical Association's Dr. Nathan Davis Award for outstanding public service in the advancement of public health in 2003, the JDRF Hero Award in 2010, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists Eugene T. Davidson, M.D., Award for Public Service in 2012, the JDRF David Rumbough Award for Scientific Excellence in 2015, and the C. Everett Koop Medal for Health Promotion and Awareness from the American Diabetes Association in 2018.
Personal life
After retirement, Fradkin intends to travel and spend time with my grandson.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of California, San Francisco alumni
National Institutes of Health people
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
20th-century American physicians
21st-century American physicians
20th-century American women physicians
21st-century American women physicians
This is a list of shipwrecks located in or around North America, within the territorial waters of countries which for political purposes are considered a part of the North American continent, including Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America, and the island nations of the Caribbean.
Bermuda
Canada
Caribbean
Bahamas
British Virgin Islands
Cuba
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Haiti
Lesser Antilles
Saint Vincent
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
Guatemala
Mexico
Panama
United States
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
WRECKSITE Worldwide database of + 65,000 wrecks with history, maritime charts and GPS positions (subscription required)
Ship Information Database Contains historical data about ships that were registered with Canadian ports or that sailed Canadian waters.
North America
Shipwrecks
Bryocryptellidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Bryocryptella Cossman, 1906
Buchneria Harmer, 1957
Cyclocolposa Canu & Bassler, 1923
Cystisella Canu & Bassler, 1917
Marguetta Jullien, 1903
Palmiskenea Bishop & Hayward, 1989
Porella Gray, 1848
Reussia Neviani, 1895
Rhamphosmittina Hayward & Thorpe, 1988
Simibryocryptella Alvarez, 1991
Stoliczkella Zágoršek & Gordon, 2014
References
Bryozoan families
Yeldurthy or Yeldurthi or Veldurthy is a Mandal in Medak district of Telangana, India.
The village has Kakateeya Sculpture was having old temple Anantha Padmanabha. A Kakateeya Kala Toranam and Kakateeya Sila Shasanam are also appears in middle of the village. Main crops are Paddy and Sugar cane.
References
Mandals in Medak district
Plush (from French ) is a textile having a cut nap or pile the same as fustian or velvet. Its softness of feel gave rise to the adjective "plush" to describe something soft or luxurious, which was extended to describe luxury accommodation, or something rich and full. This has also been known to be described as früh, or middlefrüh in more affordable varieties.
Originally the pile of plush consisted of mohair or worsted yarn, but now silk by itself or with a cotton backing is used for plush, the distinction from velvet being found in the longer and less dense pile of plush. The soft material is largely used for upholstery and furniture purposes, and is also much employed in dress and millinery.
Modern plush are commonly manufactured from synthetic fibres such as polyester. One of the largest uses of this fabric is in the production of stuffed toys, with small plush toys made from plush fabric, such as teddy bears, to the point these are often addressed as "plush toys" or "plushies". Plush is also one of the main materials for the construction of designer toys.
References
Pile fabrics
Lyudmila Rogozhina (born 27 May 1959 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian and Soviet former basketball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Ukrainian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Sportspeople from Dnipro
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
The is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, owned and operated by Tokyo Metro.
Overview
The 16.8 km line serves the wards of Shibuya, Minato, Chiyoda, Chūō, Kōtō, and Sumida. Despite being shorter in length than nearly all other Tokyo subway lines, the Hanzōmon Line operates some of the longest through services with private railways – namely Tōkyū Corporation and Tobu Railway. The line is connected to Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line at Shibuya Station to the south, and to the Tobu Skytree Line at to the north. Through trains operate between on the Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line and on the Tobu Skytree Line, onward to on the Tobu Isesaki Line and on the Tobu Nikko Line. Through-service trains between Chūō-Rinkan and Minami-Kurihashi cover a total distance of 98.5 km in a single run – nearly six times the length of the Hanzōmon Line alone.
The Hanzōmon Line has direct interchanges with all other Tokyo Metro and Toei lines. It connects with the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line at five stations (the four stations between Shibuya and Nagatachō, as well as at Mitsukoshimae Station.
The line is named after the west gate of the Imperial Palace (Hanzōmon), which in turn is named after 16th century samurai Hattori Hanzō, who was important to the founding of the shogunate which built the palace. The Hanzōmon Line's color on maps and station guides is purple, and stations carry the prefix "Z" followed by a number.
According to the Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation, as of June 2009 the Hanzōmon Line is the sixth most crowded subway line in Tokyo, at its peak running at 173% capacity between Shibuya and Omotesandō stations.
Station list
All stations are located in Tokyo.
All services stop at every station.
Rolling stock
Current
Tokyo Metro 18000 series
Tokyo Metro 08 series
Tokyo Metro 8000 series
Tokyu 2020 series
Tokyu 5000 series
Tokyu 8500 series
Tobu 50000 series
Tobu 50050 series
Former
Tobu 30000 series
Tokyu 2000 series
Tokyu 8590 series
History
The Hanzōmon Line was first planned in 1971, along with the Chiyoda Line and Yūrakuchō Line, as a reliever line for the heavily congested Ginza Line. Its initial routing was from Futako-Tamagawa Station on the Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line to a new station in the Fukagawa district of Kōtō. In 1985, a second draft plan from the Ministry of Transportation moved the Hanzōmon Line's final terminus to Matsudo. During the planning stage, it was known as Line 11.
Construction began in 1972 and the majority of the line was expected to open in 1975. However, the Teito Rapid Transit Authority did not have enough funds to build the line, which delayed its construction. On August 1, 1978, the first section of the Hanzōmon Line finally opened from Shibuya to Aoyama-itchōme, including through services with the Den-en-toshi Line. It was then extended to Nagatachō Station in September 1979.
However, the next extension posed political problems, as the original plan had the line run directly under the Imperial Palace to Ōtemachi Station. TRTA decided to divert the route around the north side of the Imperial Palace, which required the construction of three new stations. An eminent domain battle erupted with landowners along the proposed route, which delayed the completion of the next stage of the line. Hanzomon Station opened in December 1982, and the full extension around the Imperial Palace, terminating at Mitsukoshi-mae, was not completed until January 1989. The line was then extended to Suitengu-mae in November 1990 and finally Oshiage in March 2003, the latter also enabling through service with the Tobu Skytree Line.
The line, station facilities, rolling stock, and related assets were inherited by Tokyo Metro after the privatization of the Teito Rapid Transit Authority (TRTA) in 2004.
The Ministry of Transportation recommended in 2000 that the line be extended to Matsudo by 2015. However, Tokyo Metro stated in its initial public offering that its construction operations would cease once the Fukutoshin Line is completed, which casts some doubt as to whether the Matsudo extension will actually be built.
Notes
a. Crowding levels defined by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism:
100% — Commuters have enough personal space and are able to take a seat or stand while holding onto the straps or handrails.
150% — Commuters have enough personal space to read a newspaper.
180% — Commuters must fold newspapers to read.
200% — Commuters are pressed against each other in each compartment but can still read small magazines.
250% — Commuters are pressed against each other, unable to move.
References
External links
Tokyo Metro website
Lines of Tokyo Metro
Railway lines in Tokyo
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1978
1978 establishments in Japan
Uiseong is a town, or eup in Uiseong County, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea. The township Uiseong-myeon was upgraded to the town Uiseong-eup in 1940. Uiseong County Office and Uiseong Town Office are located in Hujuk-ri.
Communities
Uiseong-eup is divided into 13 villages (ri).
References
External links
Official website
Uiseong County
Towns and townships in North Gyeongsang Province
The 16th South American Youth Championships in Athletics were held at the Consejo Nacional de Deportes (CND) in Asunción, Paraguay from October 19–20, 2002.
Medal summary
Medal winners are published for boys and girls. A summary is given, and complete results can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website.
Men
Women
Medal table (unofficial)
Participation (unofficial)
Detailed result lists can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website. An unofficial count yields the number of about 290 athletes from 11 countries:
(58)
(15)
(64)
(40)
(18)
(19)
Panama (1)
(31)
Peru (12)
(13)
(19)
References
External links
World Junior Athletics History
South American U18 Championships in Athletics
South American Youth Championships in Athletics
South American Youth Championships in Athletics
International athletics competitions hosted by Paraguay
South American Youth Championships in Athletics
2000s in Asunción
Sports competitions in Asunción
Andrew McCulloch is an English former professional footballer who played for Q.P.R., Cardiff City, Oxford United, Brentford, Sheffield Wednesday, Crystal Palace and Aldershot. They played a total of 475 games in all competitions for their seven league clubs, scoring 153 goals in a career which lasted from 1970 until 1985. McCulloch was a centre forward in the "target man" mould, being 6 ft 2in (1.88 m) tall, they were good in the air, using their strong physique to hold off defenders and lay the ball off to teammates. They made one appearance for the Scotland national under 23 team.
McCulloch was born in Northampton on 3 January 1950. They were the son of Adam McCulloch who played over 200 league games for Northampton Town, Shrewsbury Town and Aldershot. Andy was brought up in Hampshire, the family moving there when their father signed for Aldershot in 1953. On leaving school they attended university and obtained a Civil engineering degree before playing full-time football.
Playing career
Andy McCulloch first made a name for themselves as a teenager playing for Fleet Town in the Hampshire League and was subsequently invited for a trial at Tottenham Hotspur. However nothing came of the Tottenham connection and they signed for non-league Walton & Hersham being part of the team which won the Athenian League title in the 1968–69 season. McCulloch was spotted by Queens Park Rangers manager Les Allen and they signed for Rangers in October 1970.
Queens Park Rangers
The 20-year-old McCulloch made their Rangers debut immediately, replacing Frank Saul in the team, playing in a 5–2 home win over Birmingham City on 17 October 1970 and scoring the fifth goal. They did not actually get paid for that debut match as they were still registered as an amateur, their professional registration coming through a few days later. McCulloch was never a regular member of the Rangers team over the next two years, making 30 starts in League matches. Their days at Rangers were numbered when they bolstered their forward line by signing Stan Bowles and Don Givens for the start of the 1972–73 season and they were sold to Cardiff City for a fee of £45,000 in October 1972.
Cardiff City and Oxford United
In their two years with Cardiff City, the team had a fairly mediocre time finishing near the bottom of Division Two in both seasons. McCulloch however, had good form, top scoring in both seasons, notching 30 goals in 68 matches in all competitions. It was at this time that they were called up for their only cap for the Scotland under-23 team, their Scottish parentage making them eligible even though they were born in England. Cardiff won the Welsh Cup in both seasons that McCulloch played there, qualifying them for the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and in September 1973 McCulloch played against Sporting Clube de Portugal in the two-legged first round tie of the cup which Cardiff lost 2–1 on aggregate to give them the only experience of European football in their career. In July 1974, they moved to another Second Division side, Oxford United in a £70,000 deal, they had a fairly disappointing time at Oxford with the team relegated in their second season (1975–76) and McCulloch making only 12 League appearances. A botched recovery process from a cartilage operation saw McCulloch nearly lose a leg.
Brentford
With their career stalling McCulloch was forced to drop down to Division Four in their next move when they joined Brentford in March 1976 for a then club record fee of £25,000. Their move to The Bees rejuvenated their career although it was not until their second full season (1977–78) that things really started to happen when Brentford achieved promotion with McCulloch scoring 22 goals in 45 League appearances and forming a fine striking partnership with Steve Phillips, who contributed an excellent 32 goals. In the summer of 1978 McCulloch was loaned out to Oakland Stompers of the North American Soccer League where they made 18 appearances, scoring three goals with one assist. Back at Brentford for the 1978–79 campaign, the team consolidated their position in Division Three with McCulloch contributing 13 goals.
Sheffield Wednesday
McCulloch's time as a Brentford player came to an end in May 1979 when they were persuaded to join Third Division Sheffield Wednesday. Wednesday manager Jack Charlton was looking for a target man to partner Terry Curran in The Owls forward line and saw McCulloch as the ideal man. Charlton was working as a pundit for ITV on the 1979 FA Cup Final and met McCulloch on the Wembley gantry and agreed a deal which went through officially the following month. Jack Charlton, who had a tendency to get mixed up over their player's names often referred to McCulloch as "Ian", confusing them with Notts County's Scottish winger Iain McCulloch. The McCulloch-Curran partnership contributed 34 goals in the following 1979–80 season as Wednesday were promoted.
1980–81 saw McCulloch as Wednesday's top scorer in their return to Division Two. In their final two years at Hillsborough they acted as a foil for Gary Bannister in the Wednesday attack, with Bannister scoring most of the goals and taking much of the glory, however McCulloch contributed seven goals in both campaigns. McCulloch played in the 1983 FA Cup semi final at Highbury when Wednesday were defeated by Brighton. In August 1983, McCulloch was sold to Crystal Palace for a fee of £20,000 as new manager Howard Wilkinson brought in Imre Varadi to partner Bannister.
Latter career and retirement
At the end of their contract at Sheffield Wednesday McCulloch returned to the south of England to play for Crystal Palace for one season. In April 1984 they returned to Hillsborough to play for Crystal Palace in a League match and received a standing ovation from the home supporters, with McCulloch saying this is one of the fondest memories of their playing days. They played the 1984–85 season with Aldershot but picked up a bad knee injury and this forced them to end their playing career at the age of 35. On retiring they worked for a company that cleaned household upholstery and hotel rooms and in 1989, opened their own cleaning business, Cardinal Cleaning in Molesey, Surrey doing the same line of work. The firm is still flourishing today having contracts to clean many big London hotels as well as individual customers. McCulloch still involved themselves in football being the manager of part-time Esher United of the Kingston District League, which ended in 2017 but the team still trains together.
Personal life
McCulloch is married and has a daughter. They were born to Scottish parents; their sister married footballer Ernie Howe.
Honours
As a player
Brentford
Football League Fourth Division fourth-place promotion: 1977–78
As an individual
Brentford Supporters' Player of the Year: 1977–78
Brentford Players' Player of the Year: 1977–78
References
Walton & Hersham F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Oxford United F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Aldershot F.C. players
Oakland Stompers players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
1950 births
Footballers from Northampton
English footballers
Association football forwards
Living people
Scotland under-23 international footballers
Fleet Town F.C. players
English people of Scottish descent
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Scottish expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
English expatriate footballers
Harold Jacob Bruder (born August 31, 1930) is an American realist painter. In 1984, they were honored with a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.  They are a former professor of art, working with the Kansas City Art Institute, Pratt Institute, National Academy of Design, Aspen Art Museum, and Queens College of the City University of New York (CUNY). They served as the Chairman of the Art Department at CUNY, where they taught painting and drawing for 30 years, retiring in 1995, as Professor Emeritus.
Personal background
Bruder was born in 1930 in Bronx, New York. They studied at High School of Music and Art and Cooper Union School of Art in New York City. They studied singing privately during this period and those experiences later influenced their writings and lectures on early opera singers. They graduated from Cooper Union in 1951.
Professional background
After graduating from college, Bruder worked as a graphic designer and art director in Manhattan for 12 years, while painting privately and occasionally exhibiting. During this time, they studied printmaking at the Pratt Graphic Art Center.
In 1962, Bruder's first one-person show of genre paintings, derived from family photographs at the Robert Isaacson Gallery drew considerable attention in the press and art magazines. In 1963, their work was included in the Corcoran Gallery of Art biennial art exhibition in Washington, D.C., and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts annual art exhibition in Philadelphia.
In 1963, Bruder moved to Kansas City, Missouri with their family, and became Chairman of the Graphic Design Department at the Kansas City Art Institute. They taught painting the second year and exhibited at the Art Institute in 1964, as well as the prestigious Durlacher Bros. Gallery (owned by Robert Isaacson) in New York City.
In 1965, Bruder returned to New York from Kansas City. They subsequently joined the faculty of the Fashion Institute of Technology, Pratt Institute, and Queens College of the City University of New York, teaching in the art departments. While they left the Fashion Institute and Pratt Institute after one year, they continued working with CUNY for over 30 years.
In the summer of 1967, Bruder taught at the Aspen School of Contemporary Art in Aspen, Colorado.
Bruder's work was featured in numerous exhibits over the next few years that focused on "New Realism". In 1970, they were one of the original group of realist painters in the Whitney Museum of American Art's "22 Realists", along with Chuck Close, Audrey Flack, and Philip Pearlstein.
In the late 1970s, they began "The Vault Series", a group of six large paintings of draperies stretched across a wall that were exhibited at the Queens Museum of Art in 1982, and later at the Armstrong Gallery in New York in 1984. The reviews commented on Bruder's concern with renaissance-like tactility, air, and light, comparing Bruder with Titian and Michelangelo.
Over the next decade, Bruder continued exhibiting regularly at Durlacher Bros., Armstrong Gallery, and Forum Gallery, as well as in numerous museum and gallery group exhibitions throughout the United States.
In 1965, they returned to New York from Kansas City. They joined the faculty of Queens College of the City University of New York (CUNY). They taught painting and drawing there for 30 years, serving as Chairman of the Art Department in the early 1980s, retiring in 1995, as Professor Emeritus.
After retirement from CUNY, Bruder briefly joined the staff at the National Academy of Design in New York City.
Public collections
In 2004, a mini-retrospective covering 40 years of Bruder's work was held at the Mitchell Algus Gallery in New York. Public collections include the following.
Hirshhorn Museum of the Smithsonian, Washington, D.C.
University of New Mexico Art Museum
Sheldon Museum of Art of the University of Nebraska
New Jersey State Museum
Montclair Art Museum, Montclair, New Jersey
Goddard Art Center, Ardmore, Oklahoma
Palm Springs Desert Museum
Albert List Foundation
Art exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
1962: Robert Isaacson Gallery, New York City
1964: Kansas City Art Institute, Kansas City, Missouri
1964: Durlacher Bros., New York City
1967: Durlacher Bros., New York City
1968: Forum Gallery, New York City
1969: Owen Gallery, Denver, Colorado
1969: Forum Gallery, New York City
1972: Forum Gallery, New York City
1976: Forum Gallery, New York City
1979: William & Mary College, Williamsburg, Virginia
1979: Forum Gallery, New York City
1982: "The Vault Series" Queens Museum of Art, Flushing, New York
1984: "The Vault Series" Armstrong Gallery, New York City
1986: Armstrong Gallery, New York City
1988: Contemporary Realist Gallery, San Francisco, California
2004: "Selected Paintings 1963-2003" Mitchell Algus Gallery, New York City
2005: "Time & the Tabletop" Queens College Art Center, Flushing, New York
Group exhibitions
1963: "Pennsylvania Academy Annual"
1963: "9 Realist Painters" Robert Schoelkopf Gallery, New York City
1963: "Corcoran Biennial" Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.
1964: "Modern Realism & Surrealism" American Federation of Arts
1965: "Contemporaries 1" Gallery of Modern Art, New York City
1965: "The Painter & the Photograph" University of New Mexico
1967: "Environment" Terry Dintenfass Gallery, New York City
1970: "22 Realists" Whitney Museum of American Art, New York City
1970: "Paintings From the Photo" Riverside Museum, New York City
1970: "New-Realism" St. Cloud State College, St. Cloud, Minnesota
1972: "Painters of Land & Sky", Colgate University
1973: "A Sense of Place" University of Nebraska
1973: "The Realist Revival" New York City Cultural Center
1973: "American Realist Painting" Espace Cardi, Paris, France
1974: "Aspects of the Figure" Cleveland Museum of Art
1974: "Living American Artists & The Figure" University of Pennsylvania
1974: "The Figure in Recent American Painting" Westminster College
1975: "Candid Painting" DeCordoba Museum, Boston, Massachusetts
1975: "Portrait Painting" Allan Frumkin Gallery, New York City
1976: "American Art Today" University of Virginia Museum of Art
1976: "This Land is My Land" New Jersey State Museum, Trenton, New Jersey
1976: "American Family Portraits" Philadelphia Museum of Art
1976: "Liturgical Arts" The Civic Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
1976: "Urban Aesthetics" Queens Museum of Art, Flushing, New York
1978: American Academy of Arts & Letters, New York City
1979: "Things Seen" University of Nebraska
1983: "Painting New York" Museum of the City of New York, New York City
1983: "The Figure Observed" University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida
1984: "9 Realist Painters Revisited" Robert Schoelkopf Gallery, New York City
1985: "Survival of the Fittest" Ingber Gallery, New York City
1985: Art Institute of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts
1985: Minneapolis College of Art, Minneapolis, Minnesota
1986: "Movietone Muse" One Penn Plaza, New York City
1987: "Visions of America" ACA Gallery, New York City
1987: "American Art Today" Florida International University, Miami, Florida
1988: "Triumph of Virtue" National Academy of Design, New York City
1989: Columbus Museum of Art, Columbus, Ohio
1989: "University & the Arts" Wayne State University, Detroit, Michigan
1990: "Objects Observed" Gallery Henoch, New York City
1992: Lillian Heidenberg Gallery, New York City
1996: National Academy of Design, New York City
1996: Gremillion & Co., Houston, Texas
2002: "Summer Exhibit" Walter Wickiser Gallery, New York City
2008: "Five Views to the Landscape" Riverrun Gallery, Lambertville, New Jersey
2008: "An Exhibition of East Coast Landscapes" Fieldstone Gallery, Ramsey, New Jersey
Honors and awards
1974: CUNY Faculty Research Award
1979: American Academy of Arts & Letters Award
1979: CUNY Faculty Research Award
1984: CUNY Faculty Research Award
1985: National Endowment for the Arts: Visual Arts Fellowship
1987: Queens College Faculty-in-Residence Award
1988: CUNY Faculty Research Award
References
Who's Who in American Art 2011
Who's Who in America 2011
External links
1930 births
Living people
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
American realist painters
The High School of Music & Art alumni
20th-century American male artists
The HealthLine (formerly known as the Silver Line and as the Euclid Corridor Transportation Project) is a bus rapid transit (BRT) line run by the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority in Cleveland and East Cleveland, Ohio, United States. The line runs along Euclid Avenue from Public Square in downtown Cleveland to the Louis Stokes Station at Windermere in East Cleveland. It began operation on October 24, 2008. Its current name was the result of a naming rights deal with the Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals of Cleveland. The HealthLine is denoted with a silver color and abbreviated simply as HL on most RTA publications.
The HealthLine's ridership peaked at 5.08 million rides in 2014, but has since declined by over 25% through 2018, with 3.7 million rides that year.
The Healthline is tied with Connecticut Transit's CTfastrak as the second-top rated BRT system in the United States each with Silver rating according to the BRT Standard. Only ABQ RIDE's Albuquerque Rapid Transit has achieved the top rating of Gold.
History
Going back to the 1950s, the city of Cleveland considered alternatives for rapid transit along Euclid Avenue between downtown and University Circle. In 1985, the city commissioned a study called the Dual Hub Corridor Alternatives Analysis/Draft Environmental Impact Statement. The study estimated the cost of a subway along this corridor to be $1 billion and an option that involved a light rail component at $750 million. A further study in 1993 examined additional alternatives, including a bus rapid transit plan, which ultimately was selected by the RTA in 1995. Upon adoption by the Northeast Ohio Areawide Coordinating Agency in December 1995, the name of the project was changed from the Dual Hub Corridor to the Euclid Corridor.
The plan included the Euclid Corridor busway, relocating five Red Line stations and right-of-way improvements on East 17th and East 18th Streets. At the time, the estimated cost of the project was $210 million with the federal government funding 80% of the cost. In 1996, the Federal Transit Administration provided $4.0 million in funds for initial engineering studies. The initial ridership projections were 29,500 boardings per day by 2025. In 1999, the plan was scaled back to include only the busway and a budget of $228.6 million was established with the city seeking a 59% federal government share, or $135.0 million. The final design was completed in 2002 and the project was funded in 2004, with completion in 2008. The total cost was $197.2 million, which accounted for some additional changes to the initial scope.
In 2008, the RTA secured a naming rights deal with the Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals for $6.25 million over 25 years and the route was renamed the HealthLine.
Route description
The HealthLine route travels along Euclid Avenue from Public Square in Downtown Cleveland to Louis Stokes Station at Windermere in East Cleveland. It passes through the neighborhoods of Downtown, Midtown, Fairfax, University Circle and the suburb of East Cleveland.
There are 59 stations along Euclid Avenue that serve the HealthLine. All stations are equipped with a fare card vending machine, 24-hour lighting and an emergency phone. An illuminated text display informs passengers of expected arrival times. Between Public Square and East 107th Street, all stations have raised platforms that align with the floor of the rapid transit vehicle, easing boarding and alighting.
Between Public Square and East 105th Street, Euclid Avenue has two "bus only" lanes close to the inner median which only allow HealthLine vehicles passage, reducing delays due to conflicts with general traffic during busy times. Complementing the HealthLine is a set of bike lanes on the outer edges of the stretch Euclid Avenue that connects Cleveland State University with Case Western Reserve University.
As late as July 2010, the trip from East Cleveland to downtown during rush hour was more than 40 minutes – longer than the planned 33 minutes. This was due to traffic light timing and the 25 mph speed limit along most of the route. The speed limit was raised to 35 mph for buses and traffic light timing was adjusted further to combat this issue.
Shortly after the line began service, signal priority was discontinued along portions of the line. The decision has been referred to as a form of BRT creep.
Bus fleet
The HealthLine runs a fleet of 21 articulated DE63LFA-BRT vehicles, manufactured by New Flyer Industries, each with a seating capacity of 47 and able to accommodate 53 more standing up. The vehicles have two doors on each side and run on a diesel-electric hybrid motor system that produce 90% less emissions than regular buses. A low sulfur diesel engine (Caterpillar C-9) generates electrical power to run smaller electric motors mounted on each of the wheels. Each vehicle also has a GPS locator on board, which allowed automated traffic signals to give the HealthLine buses priority at busy intersections, until the feature was discontinued.
Bus stops
The RTA classifies its bus rapid transit stops as "curb stations" and "median stations". Median stations are located within the Euclid Avenue busway and can only be accessed using crosswalks. Median stations can utilize left- or right-side boarding, as buses have doors on both sides. Curb stations are more traditional bus stops where buses open their doors to the right curb of the street.
Schedule
On weekdays, the HealthLine runs every 7-10 minutes from 6:10am to 7:10pm, and every 15-30 minutes outside that window. On weekends and holidays, it runs every 15 minutes from 4:40am to 11:40pm and every 30 minutes outside that window.
Stations
All stations are ADA-accessible
See also
RTA Rapid Transit
List of bus rapid transit systems
References
External links
Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority
RTA HealthLine
Bus rapid transit in Ohio
2008 introductions
2008 establishments in Ohio
A haunted attraction may refer to the following:
A haunted attraction (simulated), a form of entertainment that simulates the experience of a haunted location or horror fiction
A reportedly haunted house or similar location that attracts tourists for reasons of its reputation
See also
List of reportedly haunted locations
TAESA Flight 725 was a scheduled flight originating in Tijuana International Airport and ending at Mexico City International Airport with intermediate stopovers in Guadalajara and Uruapan, that crashed shortly after departure from this last airport on November 9, 1999, killing all 18 passengers and crew on board. The crash led TAESA to ground its fleet and suspend operations a year later in 2000.
Investigators determined that the crew did not use the appropriate checklists prior to departure, and during the climbout, the pilots were confused about which heading to follow. Spatial disorientation was also believed to be a factor in the crash.
Aircraft
The aircraft operating the flight was an McDonnell-Douglas DC-9-31, manufactured by McDonnell-Douglas, and first entered service with Trans Australia Airlines in February 1970. It was 29 years old at the time of the accident and accumulated more than 59,000 takeoff/landing cycles and 58,000 flight hours. Before being delivered to TAESA Lineas Aéreas, it previously operated for Australian Airlines, Sunworld International Airlines, Midway Airlines, NASA and Aeroméxico.
Passengers and crew
The captain was 36-year-old Jesús José Graciá. They had 5,368 flight hours. The first officer was 22-year-old Héctor Valdez, who had 250 flight hours at the time of the accident.
There were 18 people on board the DC-9 at the time it crashed, with 13 passengers and 5 crew members.
Flight
The aircraft departed Uruapan for Mexico City at 18:59 local time. After rotation the aircraft pitched up abnormally high, entered a stall, nosed over and crashed into an avocado field south of the runway on a heading of 110 degrees. All 18 people on board were killed.
In popular culture
A Mexican musical group named Conjunto Michoacan released, on October 20, 2010, a CD titled "La Tragedia de Taesa", but in the song's video, the flight is referred to as "Flight 715" instead. Also, the CD's cover has a photo of a Boeing 767, whereas the Taesa plane that crashed was a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-31 jet.
References
External links
Boeing Expresses Condolences After TAESA Accident (Archive) - Boeing
NTSB Identification
Aviation accidents and incidents in Mexico
Accidents and incidents involving the McDonnell Douglas DC-9
1999 in Mexico
November 1999 events in Mexico
Transportation in Michoacán
Prosselsheim is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Valley Township, Ohio may refer to:
Valley Township, Guernsey County, Ohio
Valley Township, Scioto County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
Rapid Fire is a mixtape by Philadelphia rap-duo Young Gunz. It was recorded in 2005, but was not released until January 29, 2008. Unlike the previous two albums by Young Chris and Neef Buck, the album was not a Roc-A-Fella/Def Jam release, but a release on their own record label, named Young Gunz Media. Most of these tracks had appeared on several mixtapes, and Rapid Fire is therefore different from Tough Luv and Brothers from Another. There are three appearances by Pooda Brown, one from Rell and one from Deemi.
Track listing
"Rapid Fire Intro"
"Sixth Man for Life" (featuring Pooda Brown)
"Gun Shots" (prod. by Chad West)
"Parkside G.I.F.I"
"Chase That"
"I'm a Trapper" (featuring Pooda Brown)
"Young Chris"
"Same Ol' C"
"Put Ya Guns Up" (featuring Pooda Brown)
"My Part of Town"
"Keep It Close"
"Yg's Coming"
"That Block"
"The R.O.C the Life"
"Live or Die" (featuring Rell)
"Soundtrack of My Life" (featuring Deemi)
Young Gunz albums
2008 mixtape albums
Thompson and Company Cigar Factory is a national historic site located at 255 North Third Street, Bartow, Florida in Polk County. It was used by the Thompson Cigar, established in Florida in 1915.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 9, 2002.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Polk County, Florida
Buildings and structures in Bartow, Florida
Paul Myer Rebsamen (January 29, 1905 – March 13, 1947) was a professional football player from Fort Smith, Arkansas who played one season in the National Football League. They attended Centenary College of Louisiana and made their NFL debut in 1927 with the Pottsville Maroons.
References
1905 births
1947 deaths
Players of American football from Arkansas
American football centers
Centenary Gentlemen football players
Pottsville Maroons players
Sportspeople from Fort Smith, Arkansas
Schwertmannite is an iron-oxyhydroxysulfate mineral with an ideal chemical formula of or . It is an opaque tetragonal mineral typically occurring as brownish yellow encrustations. It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 - 3.5 and a specific gravity of 3.77 - 3.99.
It was first described for an occurrence in Finland in 1994 and named for Udo Schwertmann (born 1927) soil scientist, Technical University of Munich, Munich, Germany.
Schwertmannite (with a distinct "pin cushion" morphology) commonly forms in iron-rich, acid sulfate waters in the pH-range of 2 - 4. The mineral was first recognised officially as a new mineral from a natural acid-sulfate spring occurrence at Pyhäsalmi, Finland. However, it is more commonly reported as an orange precipitate in streams and lakes affected by acid mine drainage. Schwertmannite is also known to be central to iron-sulfur geochemistry in acid sulfate soils associated with coastal lowlands.
References
Iron(III) minerals
Oxide minerals
Sulfate minerals
A strike began on 5 December to protest against broad changes to France's pension system proposed by President Emmanuel Macron. Reforming the pensions was one of President Macron's promises and there are three primary proposals of the pension reform plan. The first is to create a universal state retirement plan, which would replace the 42 individual retirement plans that exist in France. The second is a "points system", to give a pension in proportion to the contributions paid. The third is to "improve the pensions of the most disadvantaged." The result of the system would increase the retirement age of many jobs in France.
The 2019 French pension reform plan follows the prior pension reforms in 1993, 2003, 2010, and 2013, but is far more comprehensive in that rather than adjusting the system. In September 2017, Jean-Paul Delevoye was appointed as High Commissioner for Pension Reforms, and was ordered to review the pensions system. In July 2019, they delivered a report of their recommendations, outlining the basics of a bill to be proposed to the National Assembly for pension reform. They resigned on 16 December after the press revealed they forgot to disclose 13 volunteer activities including a remunerated one for the French Federation of Insurances. Jean-Paul Delevoye was replaced by Laurent Pietraszewski, former employee of the French multinational retail group Auchan. If the bill becomes law, it will only come into force in 2025.
Government ministers have claimed that the pension reforms will simplify a complex system, as well as making it fairer. Unions claim that the system will increase inequality between pensions and decrease the general level of the pensions.
This is the longest strike in modern French history. After a month of protest, polling reported in January 2020 a 61% support in favour of the strikes in the French population.
Background
The strikes, led in part by the CGT but also by the UNSA, the FSU and Solidaires unions, began prior to the disclosure of the details of President Emmanuel Macron's plan to merge France's current 42 different pension schemes into one state-managed system. The French government maintains that merging the variety of profession dependent schemes is crucial. Unions say introducing a single system will mean millions of workers will end up working beyond the legal retirement age of 62 or receiving a far lower pension.
Project
The project itself was officially announced on 11 December 2019. The mandatory impact study of the reform is to be released on 24 January with the submission of the project to the ministers. The government opted for an accelerated procedure with a submission to the House on 17 February.
The new system will essentially work in the following way:
Workers will buy points and the number of points earned by year will depend on their salaries;
The amount of money devoted to buying the points will correspond to 28% of their salary, 17% being paid by the employer and 9% by the employee;
The part of the salary above €10,000 (equivalent to US$11,148 and £8,569) per month will not give points but still 2.3% of it will contribute to the pension fund;
The buying value of a point may vary and will be decided by the State;
Once the legal age is reached, points will be converted into pensions;
The value of a point upon conversion in pension may vary and will be decided by the State;
Additional points can be earned for years of maternity/paternity leave.
The new system is criticised because of its differences with the current system:
it is impossible to predict the amount of a pension because it depends on the value of the point, which can vary over time;
because the pensions are calculated over the whole career and not only the best years, it will create more heterogeneity between pensions as is currently the case in Germany;
decreasing the maximum salary threshold from €29,000 (equivalent to US$32,329 and £24,858) to €10,000 will decrease the income of the pension fund by 4.9 billion euros (equivalent to 5.5 billion dollars and 4.2 billion pounds) per year;
imposing that the pension fund represents more than 14% of the NGP will decrease pensions.
Initially designed to create a unique pension funds system in France, following the protest of the unions, the project has introduced 8 special plans for police officers, aeroplane pilots and flight attendants, train drivers, firefighters, jailmen, truck drivers, fishermen and teachers. These plans were introduced to avoid strikes in critical sectors (police, air traffic) or to try to end ongoing strikes.
French information website France 24 reported that women may be the "biggest losers" with the pension reform.
Actions
Strikes began on 5 December 2019 as more than 30 unions launched strike actions with the intention to shut down the country and force President Emmanuel Macron to reevaluate their plans for pension reform. Actions resulted in the Eiffel Tower being shut down along with most of the light rail lines in Paris. 6000 police were deployed in Paris alone in anticipation of the protests, particularly around the Élysée Palace which was barricaded.
The protests became violent in the east of Paris where protesters were seen lighting fires and smashing windows.
The police reported 65,000 people had demonstrated in Paris, while the CGT labour union suggested 250,000 people had turned out.
While across the country the Interior Ministry said more than 800,000 people were protesting the CGT said the figure was 1.5 million.
Strikes and protests continued on 6 December as unions said there would be no let-up. While some schools reopened, almost all high-speed train services were cancelled, most of the Paris metro remained shut down, and hundreds of flights were cancelled.
Transport across the country remained paralysed on 8 December as strikes by state rail company SNCF and Parisian public transport group RATP continued into their fourth day. Unions announced they were planning another large demonstration on 10 December.
On 12 December French Prime Minister Édouard Philippe unveiled the government's proposal for raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 and harmonizing the 42 different retirement schedules. The next day, the CFDT announced that it would be calling for its members to join the demonstrations on 17 December.
To protest against the loss of their special regime, ballerinas from the Paris Opera performed Swan Lake in frontcourt of Palais Garnier on 23 December.
Union workers from the electricity company EDF conducted operations to cut power of symbolic companies such as Amazon or deputies from Emmanuel Macron's party LREM, while also performing "Robin Hood" operations to put electricity back on to homes unable to pay their bills.
In Caen, on 8 January 2020, dozens of lawyers threw their robes in front of the ministry of justice Nicole Belloubet as a sign of protest. Lawyers are also on strike protesting against the destruction of their profitable pension regime.
During union demonstrations, the level of violence exhibited by the police, as already condemned by the United Nations during the yellow vests demonstrations, was extremely high with videos allegedly reporting a police officer firing point-blank at the protesters with a riot control gun on 9 January.
On 25 January, French firefighters joined the protests. People rally on the street with Hong Kong anarchist flags, Antifa and Palestinian flags while together sang "L'Internationale" then shouted "Overthrow Capitalism!"; "Revolution now!" and there were several violent clashes with the police.
Conflicts of interests
Jean-Paul Delevoye, the High Commissioner for Pension Reforms, was revealed to be funded by the French Federation of Insurances, which has a direct interest in the pension reform. Moreover, being funded by a private company while being a member of the government is illegal according to the French constitution.
Articles have also pointed out the proximity between Emmanuel Macron and BlackRock, one of the world's largest asset management funds, which is interested in having the billions of euros of the French pension fund enter the financial market. Multiple meetings between the French government and the firm's representatives have been reported. The promotion of the head of BlackRock's French branch, Jean-Francois Cirelli, to rank of officer of the Légion d'honneur also contributed to highlight this proximity.
Reactions
French Prime Minister Emmanuel Macron stated that the nationwide strikes would not weaken their resolve to reform the pension system. The workers and most unions are not backing off either.
Polling indicated a strong support of the population in favour of the strikes. According to the conservative newspaper Le Figaro, on 19 December 55% of French people found the movement against the pension reform justified. Two weeks later, in what had become the longest French strike over the last 50 years, 61% still found the movement justified.
Crowdfunding initiatives to support the strikes have flourished with a national one collecting more than 2 million euros.
See also
1995 strikes in France
2010 French pension reform strikes
Protests against Emmanuel Macron
Yellow Vest protests
2017-2018 protests in France
References
2019 protests
2020 protests
Pension reform plan strike
Pension reform plan strike
Pension reform plan strike
French
French
Labor disputes in France
Pensions
Protests in France
Anti-austerity protests in the European Union
Reform in France
Contemporary French history
2019 French Pension Reform Plan Strike
Retirement in France
Lin Wu (; born February 1962) is a Chinese politician and the current Governor of Shanxi province. Previously, they served as the deputy governor and the chief of the CPC Organization Department of Jilin province.
Career
Lin Wu was born in Minhou County, Fujian, and graduated from Jiangxi Institute of Metallurgy (now Jiangxi University of Science and Technology). They started to work at Xiangtan Steel in 1982, and served as the Assistant manager in 1997. In 1998, they served as the General Manager of Xiangtan Steel Group.
In 2003, Lin Wu was appointed as the director of Hunan Economic and Trade Commission. Later they were appointed as the acting mayor of Loudi City in 2005, and promoted to the CPC Secretary in 2008.
In 2011, Lin was appointed as the deputy chief of the CPC Organization Department of Hunan province. They were transferred to Jilin province, and served as the chief of the CPC Organization Department in 2016. In 2017, they were appointed as the deputy Governor of Jilin.
Lin was resigned the deputy Governor of Jilin in 2018, and appointed as the deputy Governor of Shanxi. In December 2019, they were appointed as the acting Governor.
In June 2021, Lin was appointed as the Communist Party Secretary of Shanxi.
References
1962 births
Living people
People's Republic of China politicians from Fujian
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Fujian
Deputy Communist Party secretaries of Shanxi
Governors of Shanxi
Politicians from Fuzhou
Delegates to the 13th National People's Congress
Richard C. Brown (March 1, 1939 – August 23, 2004) served as the United States Ambassador to Uruguay under George H. W. Bush, from 1990 to 1993.
Biography
Richard C. Brown was born November 1, 1939, in Tulsa, Oklahoma. They received a B.S. in 1960 and an M.S. in 1961, both from George Washington University.
Diplomatic career
In 1963, they joined the United States Foreign Service. As a career diplomat, they served in Cuba, Barcelona, Rio de Janeiro, Recife, Port Louis, Montevideo, etc. They also served on the United States National Security Council for Latin American Affairs from 1978 to 1981, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Inter-American Affairs from 1988 to 1990, and Special Adviser for International Security Affairs shortly before their ambassadorship.
United States Ambassador to Uruguay; later appointments
From 1990 to 1993, they served as the United States Ambassador to Uruguay. They later served as senior coordinator for the Summit of the Americas, and senior area advisor for the Western Hemisphere at the United Nations General Assembly. They were the executive secretary of the Accountability Review Board regarding the bombings of United States embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam in 1998.
References
1939 births
2004 deaths
People from Tulsa, Oklahoma
George Washington University alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Uruguay
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Takev Point, Foyn Coast
Talaskara Ridge, Alexander Island
Talev Glacier, Graham Coast
Tambra Island, Biscoe Islands
Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island
Tarakchiev Point, Davis Coast
Taralezh Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Taran Plateau, Brabant Island
Targovishte Glacier, Greenwich Island
Taridin Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Tarnovo Ice Piedmont, Livingston Island
Tashukov Nunatak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Tatarchev Nunatak, Oscar II Coast
Tatul Island, Robert Island
Tegra Nunatak, Alexander Island
Telerig Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Telish Rock, Livingston Island
Temenuga Island, Anvers Island
Tepava Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Teres Ridge, Livingston Island
Terimer Point, Greenwich Island
Terter Peak, Greenwich Island
Tervel Peak, Livingston Island
Teshel Cove, Low Island
Teteven Glacier, Greenwich Island
Thamyris Glacier, Anvers Island
Thompson Hill, Alexander Island
Ticha Peak, Livingston Island
Tigan Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Tikale Peak, Oscar II Coast
Tile Ridge, Greenwich Island
Timok Cove, Rugged Island
Tintyava Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Tipits Knoll, Alexander Island
Tirizis Island, Robert Island
Tizoin Point, Trinity Island
Tlachene Cove, Loubet Coast
Todorova Island, Biscoe Islands
Toledo Island, Livingston Island
Topola Ridge, Davis Coast
Toros Peak, Sentinel Range
Trajan Gate, Trinity Peninsula
Trakiya Heights, Trinity Peninsula
Trambesh Peak, Brabant Island
Tran Crag, Livingston Island
Transmarisca Bay, Krogh Island
Trave Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Travnik Buttress, Oscar II Coast
Trebishte Island, Anvers Island
Treklyano Island, Robert Island
Trepetlika Glacier, Danco Coast
Treskavets Glacier, Clarence Island
Trifonov Point, Elephant Island
Trigrad Gap, Livingston Island
Troyan Peak, Livingston Island
Tryavna Peak, Livingston Island
Tsamblak Hill, Livingston Island
Tsankov Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Tsarevets Buttress, Trinity Peninsula
Tsarigrad Peak, Smith Island
Tsepina Cove, Robert Island
Mount Tsotsorkov, Danco Coast
Tuida Cove, Nelson Island
Tumba Ice Cap, Graham Land
Tundzha Glacier, Livingston Island
Tutrakan Peak, Livingston Island
Tvarditsa Rocks, Greenwich Island
Tyulen Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
İğneada (Greek: Thynias) is a small town within the district of Demirköy in Turkey's Kırklareli Province. It lies on the Black Sea coast and is approximately south of the Mutludere river which forms the border with Bulgaria. Its population was 1,966 in 2010.
The land is covered by mainly oak forests, typical flora of the Yıldız (Istranca) Mountains. Forestry, fishing and tourism are the main occupations of the town population.
The İğneada Floodplain Forests National Park with its Lake Saka Nature Reserve Area is situated around the town. It harbors one of the few remaining floodplain forests in all of Europe, which is home to many different bird species.
The second of Turkey's nuclear power plants is planned to be built in the area. A fourth revision environmental impact assessment was submitted and approved. There is no timeline or budget set for the project as of November 2015.
References
External links
Kırklareli governor's official website
İğneada municipality's official website
İğneada website
Populated coastal places in Turkey
Populated places in Kırklareli Province
Seaside resorts in Turkey
Fishing communities in Turkey
Towns in Turkey
Demirköy District
https://web.archive.org/web/20130715092150/http://www.panoramio.com/photo_explorer#view=list&position=306&with_photo_id=25331634&order=date_desc&user=2616021
The 2005–06 Biathlon World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the International Biathlon Union. The 2006 Winter Olympics were part of the Biathlon World Cup. The season lasted from 26 November 2005 to 26 March 2006.
The men's overall World Cup was won by Norway's Ole Einar Bjørndalen, while Kati Wilhelm of Germany claimed the women's overall World Cup.
Calendar
Below is the World Cup calendar for the 2005–06 season.
World Cup Podium
Men
Women
Men's team
Women's team
Mixed
Standings: Men
Overall
Final standings after 26 races.
Individual
Final standings after 3 races.
Sprint
Final standings after 10 races.
Pursuit
Final standings after 8 races.
Mass Start
Final standings after 5 races.
Relay
Final standings after 5 races.
Nation
Final standings after 19 races.
Standings: Women
Overall
Final standings after 26 races.
Individual
Final standings after 3 races.
Sprint
Final standings after 10 races.
Pursuit
Final standings after 8 races.
Mass Start
Final standings after 5 races.
Relay
Final standings after 5 races.
Nation
Final standings after 19 races.
Medal table
Achievements
Victory in this World Cup (all-time number of victories in parentheses)
Men
, 8 (63) first places
, 3 (33) first places
, 3 (15) first places
, 2 (3) first places
, 2 (2) first places
, 1 (38) first place
, 1 (9) first place
, 1 (9) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (2) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Women
, 6 (15) first places
, 6 (6) first places
, 3 (9) first places
, 2 (15) first places
, 2 (5) first places
, 2 (2) first places
, 1 (30) first place
, 1 (22) first place
, 1 (21) first place
, 1 (6) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Retirements
The following notable biathletes retired after the 2005–06 season:
References
External links
Season statistics at Biathlonworld.com
World Cup
World Cup
Biathlon World Cup
Ant Farm is an entertainment marketing and advertising agency owned by DDB Worldwide and part of the Omnicom Group.
History
Founded in 1996 by Barbara Glazer and Michael Greenfeld, the agency became well known for its work on motion picture trailers and commercials. It was sold to DDB in 2002, and Glazer and Greenfeld left in 2007.
Ant Farm has multiple divisions: Theatrical, Games, Broadcast, Digital, Design, and Experiential. Ant Farm's theatrical arm is Industry Creative, which has created award-winning campaigns for the "Transformers" franchise and American Hustle.
On July 26, 2018, Ant Farm's parent company, Omnicom, announced that it would be closing Ant Farm due to a lack of profitability. The last day of operations is expected to be sometime in September of 2018.
Awards
In April 2014, the agency won seven Game Marketing Awards, including a Gold Award for "Best Showing at a Trade Event: E3 Experience" (Activision/Blizzard Entertainment). During 2013, Ant Farm won the Key Art Awards' "Grand Gold/Best of Show" in the Audio Visual/Teaser category for its campaign promoting, The Wolf of Wall Street. Ant Farm won a 2013 Silver Cannes Lions Award; was named the Game Marketing Awards "Agency of the Year" for 2013 and 2011 respectively. Ant Farm recently produced the trailer for Activision's "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare". The trailer has received more than 18 million views since its release on May 2, 2014.
References
External links
Ant Farm website: http://www.antfarm.net
Industry Creative website: *http://www.industrycreative.tv
http://www.adweek.com/news/advertising-branding/ad-day-yes-thats-kevin-spacey-new-call-duty-commercial-157430
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/heat-vision/kevin-spacey-signs-new-call-700725
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/key-art-awards-universal-30sixty-650839
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/lists/call-duty-black-ops-249431
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/gallery/41st-hollywood-reporter-key-art-379919#11-scott-cookson-david-wilson
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/gallery/41st-hollywood-reporter-key-art-379919#14-joseph-hubbard-melissa-palazzo-rob-troy
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/key-art-awards-universal-30sixty-650839
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/wolf-wall-street-trailer-leonardo-569723
Advertising agencies of the United States
Marketing companies established in 1996
Companies based in Los Angeles
The 2011–12 season of the NOFV-Oberliga was the fourth season of the league at tier five (V) of the German football league system.
The NOFV-Oberliga is split into two divisions, the NOFV-Oberliga Nord and the NOFV-Oberliga Süd. Due to league restructuring and the re-introduction of the Regionalliga Nordost for the 2012–13 season, there were a number of teams which were ineligible for promotion from the NOFV-Oberliga this season. F.C. Hansa Rostock II were champions of the NOFV-Oberliga Nord, but 1. FC Union Berlin II, FSV Optik Rathenow and TSG Neustrelitz were promoted. From the NOFV-Oberliga Süd, champions FSV Zwickau were promoted, along with VfB Auerbach and sixth-placed team 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. Due to results and placings in the higher league tiers, seven berths were available for teams from the 2011–12 NOFV-Oberliga for the 2012–13 Regionalliga Nordost season. Beside the six directly promoted teams, the seventh and final remaining berth was decided in a playoff between the fourth-highest respectively eligible teams from each division, Torgelower SV Greif and VfB Fortuna Chemnitz. Torgelower SV Greif won 3–1 over two legs to confirm their promotion.
North
Top goalscorers
South
Top goalscorers
NOFV applicants for the 2012–13 Regionalliga Nordost
As of 20 April 2012, a total of 26 clubs had applied for a license for the 2012–13 Regionalliga Nordost:
VfB Auerbach (OL Süd)
SV Babelsberg 03 (3. Liga)
FSV Budissa Bautzen (OL Süd)
Berliner AK 07 (RL)
Berliner FC Dynamo (OL Nord)
Hertha BSC II (RL)
1. FC Union Berlin II (OL Nord)
BFC Viktoria 1889 (OL Nord)
VfB Fortuna Chemnitz (OL Süd)
FC Energie Cottbus II (RL)
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt (II. team ineligible for promotion)
VfB Germania Halberstadt (RL)
Hallescher FC (RL)
FC Carl Zeiss Jena (3. Liga)
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig (OL Süd)
RB Leipzig (RL)
FSV 63 Luckenwalde (OL Süd)
1. FC Magdeburg (RL)
ZFC Meuselwitz (RL)
TSG Neustrelitz (OL Nord)
VFC Plauen (RL)
FSV Optik Rathenow (OL Nord)
F.C. Hansa Rostock II (OL Nord)
SV Germania Schöneiche (OL Nord)
Torgelower SV Greif (OL Nord)
FSV Zwickau (OL Süd)
Hence, the remaining NOFV-affiliated clubs have waived their rights to promotion (or play in a higher league).
Promotion playoffs
Torgelower SV Greif beat VfB Fortuna Chemnitz 3–1 over two legs in the playoffs to win the final remaining promotion berth to the 2012–13 Regionalliga Nordost.
First leg
Second leg
References
External links
NOFV-Online – official website of the North-East German Football Association
NOFV-Oberliga seasons
NOFV
Casimiro Montenegro Filho (29 October 1904—26 February 2000) was a Brazilian army and air force officer. They reached the rank of Marechal-do-ar, the highest rank of the Brazilian Air Force rank system.
Born in Fortaleza, Montenegro joined Realengo Military School in 1923, and in 1928 became an Aspirant in the Brazilian army's first class of aviators for its new Military Aviation Arm. They later served under Eduardo Gomes, another future Marshal of the Air.
In 1943, while a lieutenant-colonel, they proposed the creation of the Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica - ITA (Aeronautical Technology Institute) - and the Centro Técnico de Aeronáutica - CTA (Aeronautics Technical Center), later Centro Técnico Aeroespacial - CTA (Aerospace Technical Center) and Comando-Geral de Tecnologia Aeroespacial - CTA (Brazilian General Command for Aerospace Technology), nowadays the Departamento de Ciência e Tecnologia Aeroespacial - DCTA (Department of Aerospace Science and Technology).
Two years later, that proposal was translated into a plan, with the collaboration of MIT Professor Richard Harbert Smith, who became, in the sequence, the first rector of ITA. Montenegro died in Petrópolis at the age of 95.
References
External links
Casimiro Montenegro Filho Foundation
Casimiro Montenegro Filho Biography . CTA site.
1904 births
2000 deaths
Brazilian Air Force generals
People from Fortaleza
Marshals of the air force
Brazilian educators
Recipients of the National Order of Scientific Merit (Brazil)
Stephen Wilson (born 1941) is an English historian. They were Reader in European History at the University of East Anglia, Norwich. Their 1995 book Feuding, Conflict and Banditry in Nineteenth-Century Corsica was awarded the Prix du Livre Corse in 1996.
Wilson earned their doctorate from the University of Cambridge in 1967 for their thesis The Historians of the Action Française". They authored articles in history, historiography and religion.
Books
(with B.C. Southam) The Magical Universe: Everyday Ritual and Magic in Pre-Modern Europe, First edition: Hambledon and London, 2000,
The Means Of Naming: A Social and Cultural History of Naming in Western Europe First edition: 1998, - The book gives a background of European naming, with major attention to pre-1500s period.
Feuding, Conflict and Banditry in Nineteenth-Century Corsica, Cambridge University Press, 2003,
(French language) Vendetta et banditisme en Corse au dix-neuvième siècle, 1995, 2002
Ideology and Experience: Antisemitism in France at the Time of the Dreyfus Affair, 2007, (first edition: 1982 by Rutherford, London and Toronto)—The 1982 book was influential for the recognition of the effect of the undercurrent of antisemitism in French society on the Dreyfus Affair among the historians.
References
Living people
20th-century English historians
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
1941 births
Mount Freshfield is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1897 by J. Norman Collie after Douglas Freshfield.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Carenum episcopale is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Castelnau in 1867.
References
episcopale
Taxa named by François-Louis Laporte, comte de Castelnau
Beetles described in 1867
The South Korean boyband BtoB has performed in two concert tours, seventeen concerts and four fan meetings since debut in 2012. They have also held five special concerts, I'll Be Your Melody in conjunction with the theme of their album released each year. The concert is filled with special performances of published and unpublished songs.
Tours
BTOB Zepp Tour 2016 B-Loved
Tour dates
Set list
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #42B4E6; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| header =
| content =
Opening VCR
MAGIC Time
Blowin'
Ment
Beep Beep
Giddy Up
Ment
Way Back Home
It's Okay
Repeating Goodbye
VCR
Rainy Blue
A-Yo
Uptown Funk
Ment
I'll Be Here
Neverland
VCR ft. Dear Bride
Dear Bride
Ment
Always & Forever
Sky's Tears
Ment
WOW (Jpn. Ver.)
All Wolves Except Me
Ment
Future (Tomorrow)
Second Confession (Jpn Ver.)
Because We Can Meet Again
Encore
Hello
Shake It
}}
BTOB Zepp Tour『BTOB TIME JAPAN』
Tour dates
Concerts
Happy Summer Vacation with BtoB
1st concert: Hello Melody
Hello Melody is the first solo concert held, respectively in 2014 and 2015 in South Korea, Seoul and Busan.
Summary
On September 19, 2014, Cube Entertainment announced through its official SNS that BtoB will hold its first solo concert "Hello, Melody" at the Olympic Hall in Seoul, South Korea on October 31 and November 1. Jung Il-hoon invited their sister JOO as a special guest.
On March 11, 2015, Cube announced the date for "Hello Melody in Busan".
Set list
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #42B4E6; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| header =
| content =
Opening VCR
WOW
Thriller
Beep Beep
Happening
You're So Fly
Is This The End
It should be a good day.
Insane
VCR
Born To Beat
Peniel solo dance stage
Irresistible Lips
When I Was Your Man (내가 니 남자였을 때 )
I Don't know
You're My Angel
Love
Ilhoon solo piano stage
Do You Know How I Am? (허타 이즈 백 Heota is Back)
VCR
Please (Lee Sora cover)
Like That Day (그때 그날처럼)
VCR
Gentlemen (Psy cover)
Lover Boy
VCR
Star
Melody (Vocal line cover)
Hello Mello (Rap line cover)
Shake It
Encore
Second Confession
Catch Me
Hello
}}
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #42B4E6; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| header =
| content =
Opening VCR
WOW
Thriller
Beep Beep
Happening
You're So Fly
Is This The End
One Sip
Insane
VCR
Born To Beat
Peniel solo dance stage
Irresistible Lips
Lover Boy
I Don't Know
You're My Angel (넌 나의 천사)
Unknown new song
Uptown Funk
VCR
Etude of Memory (Kim Dong Ryul cover)
Like That Day (그때 그날처럼)
VCR
Gentlemen (Psy cover)
The Winter's Tale
VCR
Star
Melody (Vocal line cover)
Hello Mello (Rap line cover)
Shake It
Encore
Catch Me
Hello
}}
Concert dates
Media
Personnel
Organizer: Cube Entertainment
Ticketing partners: INTERPARK
1st solo concert: 'The Secret Diary'
Set list
{{hidden
| headercss = background: #42B4E6; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| contentcss = text-align: left; font-size: 100%; width: 80%;
| header =
| content =
VCR 1
WOW (Jpn Ver.)
I Only Know Love
Insane
Ment
You're So Fly
VCR (Line Conversation)
Happening
Ment
Thriller
Irresistible Lips
Regrets of Love
VCR 2
Future (Tomorrow)
Ment + Happy Birthday Melody
My Girl (piano ver.)
Ment
Monday to Sunday
Second Confession (Jpn Ver.)
Eunkwang Solo Stage
VCR 3
You're My Angel
Never Ending (Melody)
VCR 4
Press Play
Stand Up
Why
VCR 5
Cherry Blossom Color
Star
Ment
MAGIC Time
Shake It!
Encore
Catch Me
Hello
}}
BtoB 2015 Concert in Hong Kong
2nd concert: Born to Beat Time
Media
Set list
Born To Beat Time ~ Encore
Set list
Born To Beat Time Concert in Taiwan
Set list
3rd concert: BtoB Time
BtoB Time is the third solo concert of boy band, BtoB. The concert commenced with two shows in Seoul and continued with concerts in Taiwan and Hong Kong.
Set list
Concert dates
Media
Personnel
Organizers: Cube Entertainment, Asscott Media (Taiwan), K Contents Hub Co. Limited. (Hong Kong)
Ticketing partners: Hanatour (Seoul), KKTIX (Taiwan), HK Ticketing (Hong Kong)
4th concert: BtoB Time – Our Concert
Set list
Concert dates
Media
5th Concert: BtoB Time – This Is Us
Set list
Concert dates
Media
BtoB in Jakarta
BtoB 4U Online Concert: INSIDE
Set list
Special concerts
I'll Be Your Melody
Fan meetings
Fanclub
Others
Concert participations
2013 United Cube Concert : Nanjing, China (January 26), Seoul, South Korea (February 2), and Yokohama, Japan (February 21)
Boys To Man (29 June 2013)
BesTV Channel-M Cube Festival (30 September 2015)
United Cube Concert – One (16 June 2018)
U & Cube Festival 2019 in Japan (23 March 2019)
Showcases
Others
Notes
References
External links
B
B
B
B
B
C
Joshua Klumb is an American politician, business person, and farmer serving as a member of the South Dakota Senate from the 20th district. Elected in 2016, they assumed office on January 10, 2017.
Klumb earned a Bachelor of Science degree in business and marketing from Oklahoma Wesleyan University. They were born in Mount Vernon, South Dakota.
References
Living people
People from Davison County, South Dakota
South Dakota Republicans
South Dakota state senators
Oklahoma Wesleyan University alumni
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Volodymyr Fedorovych Lozynskyi or Vladimir Fyodorovich Lozinsky (; ; 6 February 1955 – 17 July 2020) was a Ukrainian football player and coach.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1977, 1980, 1981.
Soviet Cup winner: 1978, 1982.
International career
Lozynskyi made their debut for USSR on October 14, 1979 in a friendly against Romania. They played in the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad. They also played in one UEFA Euro 1984 qualifier.
In 1979 Lozynskyi played a couple of games for Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR.
References
External links
Profile
1955 births
2020 deaths
People from Pogarsky District
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football managers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Metalist Kharkiv players
FC Kremin Kremenchuk players
Ukrainian Premier League managers
FC Kremin Kremenchuk managers
FC CSKA Kyiv managers
FC Vorskla Poltava managers
Ukraine student football team managers
Association football defenders
Charley or Charlie Moore may refer to:
Charley Moore (1884–1970), American baseball player
Charlie Moore (baseball) (born 1953), American baseball player
Charlie Moore (footballer, born 1898) (1898–1966), English footballer for Manchester United
Charlie Moore (footballer, born 1905) (1905–1972), English footballer for Bradford City
Charlie Moore (Australian rules footballer) (1875–1901), Australian rules footballer for Essendon
Charlie Moore (television personality) (born 1970), American television sports personality
Charlie Moore (basketball) (born 1998), American basketball player
Charlie Moore, character in 13Hrs
Charlie Moore, character in Head of the Class
See also
Charles Moore (disambiguation)
Day is an unincorporated community in Maple Ridge Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Isanti County Roads 4 and 22 are two of the main routes in the community. Nearby places include Dalbo, Coin, Braham, Lewis Lake, and Cranberry Wildlife Management Area. State Highway 47 (MN 47) is nearby.
Infrastructure
Transportation
Isanti County Road 4
Isanti County Road 22
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Day's vibrant socio-economic function began circa 1910 and was concluded by 1970. Once a thriving micro-center of commerce, Day listed a Farmer's Co-op Creamery complete with frozen food lockers for the public's rental, a feed mill (Harry Brightbill), a hardware store (Arthur Wallen), a grocery & dry goods store (John Kranz), an egg produce, a tavern, and an automobile service and repair garage (Ruben Edblad).
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Kuang Lubin (; born 26 January 1956) is a Chinese former international basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1978 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 1982 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Chinese men's basketball players
1978 FIBA World Championship players
1982 FIBA World Championship players
Olympic basketball players of China
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Adams Avenue is a historic road in Memphis, Tennessee.
Adams Avenue may also refer to:
Adams Avenue Bridge, a historic bridge in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Adams Avenue Bridge (San Diego), in San Diego, California
Adams Avenue Parkway, a toll road in Utah
See also
Adams Avenue Historic District, district in Memphis, Tennessee
Liga Paraguaya de los Derechos de la Mujer was a women's organization in Paraguay, founded in 1951.
It was founded by the leading suffragist Mercedes Sandoval de Hempel in 1951. It was proceeded by Unión Femenina del Paraguay (UFP) (1936–1937) and the Unión Democrática de Mujeres (1946–1947), but was to become the first long time women's organization.
It played an important role in the struggle for women's suffrage, which was finally introduced in 1961, as the last for any South American nation.
References
1950s establishments in Paraguay
Feminism and history
Organizations established in 1951
History of Paraguay
Voter rights and suffrage organizations
Women's suffrage in Paraguay
Women's organisations based in Paraguay
Feminist organisations in Paraguay
The Orange County Fair is an annual fair held in the town of Wallkill, New York. The fair began when farmers of Orange County organized an agricultural society to help promote a county fair. In 1808 they tried to organize the fair but it did not generate enough local interest. The society tried again in 1818 and held the fair until 1825. It took another sixteen years before county leaders met at the Old Stone Courthouse in Goshen, New York on September 11, 1841 and formed the Orange County Agricultural Society. That meeting was the birth of the Orange County Fair and the first fair was held on November 17, 1841 in Goshen.
Since that first fair in Goshen, the fair gained in popularity and other communities wanted to host it on a rotating basis. The fair rotated locations from year to year in Montgomery, NY, Chester, NY, Newburgh, NY, Warwick, NY, Washingtonville, NY, Goshen, NY and Middletown, NY.
In 1862 the fair's permanent site in Goshen was established but by 1872 the fair was in trouble because the lease on that site was not renewed, however, a group of Orange County farmers kept the fair alive in succeeding years.
It was permanently located in the Wallkill–Middletown area in 1897.
There were cancellations in 1917–18, 1942–45 & 2020.
Orange County Fair Speedway
The fairgrounds are also home to the Orange County Fair Speedway, where they hold stock car races and demolition derbies during the summer months. It is the oldest continuously operating dirt track in the United States. In 1919, a group staged an automobile race during the annual fair. The first race was a huge success, and auto racing has been an integral part of the fairgrounds ever since.
4-H And Future Farmers of America
The fair no longer maintains 4-H and Future Farmers of America exhibits, Future Farmers of America hasn't been a part of the fair for a number of years and in 2012, 4-H pulled out as well. The fair now brings in private agricultural displays and exotic animals which it considers more friendly to its customers.
Westwood One / Pepsi Concert Series
Through the 1980s and well into the 1990s, the Orange County Fairgrounds hosted the Westwood One & Pepsi Concert Series, featuring some of the biggest names in the music industry every summer. Some of the music acts that appeared through the years included:
References
External links
Orange County Fair
Orange County Fair Speedway
The History of Orange County Fair Speedway
Annual fairs
1843 establishments in New York (state)
Fairs in the United States
Orange County, New York
The 1984 African Cup of Champions Clubs Final was a football tie held over two legs in November and December 1984 between Zamalek, and Shooting Stars.
Zamalek from Egypt won the final's two legs, with a score on aggregate 3–0, earning their 1st African Cup.
The day after the 2nd leg, Shooting Stars FC were disbanded by the government for "putting shame on Nigeria".
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Notes and references
http://www.rsssf.com/tablesa/afcup84.html#cc
External links
1984
1
CCL
ACCC
Manolo A. Gallardo (born 13 June 1900, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 they were eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing their fight to Roger Brousse.
References
External links
profile
1900 births
Year of death missing
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Argentina
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Argentine male boxers
The Brabham BT30 was an open-wheel Formula 2 racing car used in the 1969, 1970, and 1971 European Formula Two Championship.
The Brabham BT30 used a complex tubular space frame and was powered by the FVA Cosworth engine. The large rear wings fitted in 1969 were replaced with smaller ones in 1970. The BT30 also had an aluminum fuel tank in 1969, which was replaced in 1970 by steel tanks integrated into the side panels of the monocoque.
In 1969 Piers Courage finished fifth in the BT30 of the Frank Williams Racing Cars team in the Formula 2 European Championship. Driving a privately entered BT30, Peter Westbury finished sixth overall at the end of the year, one place behind Courage. Additionally, Westbury entered the car to race in the 1969 European Formula 5000 Championship.
In 1970 the BT30 was the most used car in the Formula 2 championship. Of the 40 drivers who scored points in Formula 2 this season, 22 started with a BT30. Derek Bell was runner-up.
References
Brabham racing cars
Formula Two cars
1960s cars
1970s cars
Ionel Georgian Mișu (born 24 July 2001) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Concordia Chiajna. They made their debut in Liga I on 2 June 2019, in a match between Gaz Metan Mediaș and Concordia Chiajna, ended with the score of 3-1.
References
External links
Georgian Mișu at lpf.ro
2001 births
Living people
People from Drobeta-Turnu Severin
Romanian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga I players
Liga II players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
Corozal Bay is an inlet of Chetumal Bay, indenting northern Belize. Several resort areas are located on the coast of the bay, most notably Corozal Town. The New River (Belize) flows north into the bay. The town of Consejo is located north-northeast of the bay, on the much larger Chetumal Bay. The Mayan ruins of Cerros are located on the bay.
Bays of Belize
Fotbal Club Prahova Ploiești, (), commonly known as Prahova Ploiești or simply as Prahova, was a Romanian football club based in Ploiești, Prahova County. Prahova was founded in 1909 under the name of United Ploiești and it became soon one of the best teams in the country, winning one Romanian Championship in 1912. The club was dissolved in 2001, by the indolence of the private business people that took over the club after the 1989 Romanian revolution and it was refounded in 2018, just to be dissolved again three years later.
History
The club was founded in 1909, under the name of United Ploiești, by the American and Dutch functionaries from the Petroleum Refineries, under the presidency of engineer Jacob Koppes. The first players of the club were: Braizer, the Mayor brothers, Bider, Kolman, van Beck, Meyer, Bolton. In 1911 the first Romanian player appears in the squad, Vintilescu. At the end of the 1911–12 season the club were crowned champions, winning at Ploiești against Olympia București with 6–2. The team from Bucharest played with only 9 players because, the two other players were schoolboys, and their parents didn't allow them to go to the away game. Starting with 1914, the foreign players left the country and United sees itself dissolved just before World War I started. The remaining players and staff were divided between two clubs, Româno-Americană București and Prahova Ploiești.
In 1915 Jacob Koppes, refounded the club, under the name of Prahova Ploiești. In 1915–16 the team succeeded to win the national title once again. The crest of the club was represented by a black goat and the jersey colours were blue-yellow-white.
After World War I it resumed its activity alongside the teams from Bucharest, participating at the national championship in the system of a final tournament, with the regional championships and league championships, between 1919–1932. During this period, its best performance was to win the South League Championship in 1931, using the following players: Zaharescu – Barasch, Ionescu Nălae – Vasilescu (Muller), Dancher, Popescu, Obretcovici, Rheingruber, Georgescu, Taryan, I. Niculescu, Atanasiu. In the national championship tournament, 1930–31, te team reaches the semifinals where it loses 2–3 to UD Reșița, and is eliminated.
Starting with 1934, Prahova played in the Second Division (1934–1936), then in the Third Division (1936–1937) and again in the Second Division (1937–1941), the players used, among others, were: Iordăchescu, Șenchea, Dunăreanu, Rusen, Gh. Dragomirescu, Grun, Pascaru, Epure, T. Georgescu, Bujor, Farkas, Criciotoiu, Boldiș, Radu Florian, and in the period of World War II: Ioanid, Panovschi, Boacă, Șperlea, Bușac, T. Păunescu, I. Manolescu, N. Antonescu, V. Bărbulescu, Lipănescu, E. Vlaiculescu, Gh. Ionescu, R. Gologan.
In 1946, after a double play-off match against Gloria CFR Galați (3–0, 2–1), the team promoted to the First Division, the players used were: C. Mihăilescu, Balmuș, Hrisafi, Matroc, Șt. Comănescu, Boacă, Vâlvoi II, Catană, M. Beraru, Mladin, Comșa, M. Ionescu, Șt. Georgescu, Mazăre, Gologan, Vlaiculescu, Deliu, Mihăescu. The leadership was secured by: B. Andrei, Gh. Marinescu, N. Stanbolgiu, Tr. Stoenescu, Tr. Popescu. After only one season, 1946–47, it relegates to the Second Division and in 1947 merges with Concordia, the team of the Factory from Ploiești with the same name. New players in the squad are: Asadur, Ștefănescu, Mincea, Teașcă, Șt. Vasile, Mărdărescu, Chilea, Gârlea, Gh. Ionescu, Moldoveanu, Bădulescu-Bardatz, Motronea, Sanilovici.
The divisionary direction of the team was constant in the Second Division, but with consecutive name changes: Partizanul (1950), Flacăra (1951–1953), Metalul (1954), Flacăra 1 Mai (1955), Metalul 1 Mai (1956), Energia 1 Mai (1956–1958), and in 1958 comes back to its traditional name Prahova.
At the end of the 1962–1963 season the team was excluded from the Second Division after some competition disorders, and relegated in the towns championship.
In 1968 Prahova promoted to Third Division and in 1975 to the Second Division where it stays until 1978. Will come back in the Third Division in 1983 and in 1984 the club changes its name to Prahova CSU. The decline was accentuated after 1989 when the club was relegated to the Third Division in 1991 and in 1995 in the regional championship. Without any material support in 1999 the club merges with a police club, changing its name to Argus Prahova. In 2000 the club is moved to Urlați, and after this dissolution comes quickly.
In August 2018, the club was refounded and enrolled in Liga C – Prahova (Mizil Series), the equivalent of the 7th tier. At the end of the season it finished on the second place, which allowed the club to promote to the 6th league Liga B – Prahova, East Series.
Grounds
Prahova Ploiești used to play its home matches on Prahova Stadium in Ploiești, with a capacity of 4,000 places. After the 2001 dissolution of the club, the stadium was bought by Ioan Niculae, owner of Astra Giurgiu and used by this club as a secondary ground. After the 2018 refoundation, Prahova negotiated to move back on its home ground, but the negotiations failed, so it played on Conpet Stadium in Strejnicu, with a capacity of 1,732 seats, then on Voința Stadium in Ciorani, with a capacity of 1,000 seats.
Honours
Liga I:
Winners (2): 1911–12, 1915–16
Runners-up (1): 1910–11
Liga III:
Winners (2): 1974–75, 1981–82
Runners-up (2): 1979–80, 1980–81
Liga VII – Prahova County:
Runners-up (1): 2018–19
References
Association football clubs established in 1909
Association football clubs disestablished in 2021
Defunct football clubs in Romania
Football clubs in Prahova County
Liga I club
Liga II clubs
Liga III clubs
Liga IV clubs
1909 establishments in Romania
2021 disestablishments in Romania
JJ Bunny is a former Nollywood US actor residing in the United States.  They are a recording artist and a filmmaker who acted in their first feature film entitled "Caged" in 2009.
They have successfully trescend into the Nollywood and Gollywood film industry.
Filmography
Awards
2010 NIGERIA FASHION AND BEAUTY AWARD 2010
2011 NOLLYWOOD USA ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 2011
References
External links
Nigerian film directors
Nigerian screenwriters
Living people
21st-century Nigerian actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jeffrey Pierce is an American politician and builder from Maine.
Pierce is a graduate of Cony High School in Augusta, Maine.
Pierce was elected in 2014 and 2016 before running for a third term in 2018. During that campaign, Democratic opponents revealed that was convicted of felony drug trafficking in 1983. After being defeated by Democrat Allison Hepler, Pierce was pardoned by outgoing Governor Paul LePage in one of their final acts in that position.
References
Living people
People from Dresden, Maine
Politicians from Augusta, Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine Republicans
Recipients of American gubernatorial pardons
Year of birth missing (living people)
Heidi Lynne Gluck is a Canadian-American musician, singer, and songwriter, based in Lawrence, Kansas.  They are a multi-instrumentalist solo artist, band member, producer, and studio musician. To date, Gluck has released two EPs, "The Only Girl in the Room" (2015) and "Pony Show" (2016). They have also been a member of several bands, including Margot & the Nuclear So and So's and Some Girls. They have appeared on recordings for numerous other artists, including June Panic.
Discography
References
Living people
Musicians from Winnipeg
Canadian accordionists
Women accordionists
Canadian women guitarists
21st-century Canadian multi-instrumentalists
Canadian rock bass guitarists
Canadian rock keyboardists
Canadian rock pianists
Canadian women pianists
Women bass guitarists
Canadian women drummers
21st-century Canadian bass guitarists
21st-century Canadian pianists
21st-century Canadian drummers
21st-century Canadian guitarists
21st-century Canadian keyboardists
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
21st-century accordionists
21st-century Canadian women singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from Lawrence, Kansas
Earthling is an English trip hop band from Bristol, England.
Members
Mau, rapper
Tim Saul, producer
Contributor
Andy Keep, multi-instrumentalist
Work
The group produced two albums before splitting: 1995's Radar (with scratching, on three tracks, by Portishead's Geoff Barrow) and 1997's Human Dust (unreleased until 2004). The group had moderate success, appearing on Later... with Jools Holland and being remixed by Portishead. They had a number 1 single in Israel. Radar has been described by Popmatters as still standing "as a respectable complement and contrast to Dummy, Maxinquaye, and Protection".
Now
Saul now makes music for documentaries and adverts. Mau became a member of the band Dirty Beatniks, and later appeared on two Télépopmusik albums under the pseudonym Soda-Pop. Keep teaches at Bath Spa University.
Saul and Mau reformed Earthling in 2008, and in January 2011 released the album Insomniac's Ball on Bandcamp: "We came back to rid ourselves of the insomnia, the nausea, the past and the cold journey to the end of every day and night."
Discography
Albums
Radar (1995) (Cooltempo) - UK #66
Humandust (1997/2004) (Discograph)
Insomniac's Ball (2011)
Singles
"First Transmission" (1995) (Cooltempo)
"Echo on My Mind Part II" (1995) (Cooltempo) - UK #61
"Nefisa" (1995) (Cooltempo)
"Blood Music" (EP) (1996) (Cooltempo) - UK #69
"Saturated" (2004) (Discograph)
"Gri Gri (Agents of Desire Remix)" (2011)
"Lab Baby" (2011)
References
External links
Official Myspace page
English electronic music groups
Trip hop groups
Musical_groups_from_Bristol
Miss Grenada World beauty pageant selects representatives for the Miss World pageant from Grenada, an island country in the Caribbean Sea. The winner receives nationwide media exposure, thousands of dollars in prizes, an all-expense-paid trip to the Miss World contest and the opportunity to travel the world to act as an ambassador for various charitable causes.
History
Miss Grenada was held for first time in 1964. The competition is run as a franchise and organized by a committee. The event organizers strive to increase the skill level and confidence of young Grenadian women. Christine Hughes was the first Miss Grenada 1964 and competed at Miss Universe 1964.
Miss World
Jennifer Hosten won the Miss World 1970 contest, representing Grenada. They became the first woman from their country to win the title. The whole contest had been controversial even before the result had been announced. Afterwards allegations were made about the influence of the Prime Minister of Grenada, who was on the judging panel.
Miss Grenada World
In 2007, Jennifer Hosten, Miss Grenada 1970, was granted the Miss Grenada World Franchise by the Miss World Organization. The event took place at Jenny's Place, a resort on the beach in Grand Anse and was sponsored by the Ministry of Tourism of Grenada and cosmetics company, Revlon.
Titleholders
References
External links
Official Site
Miss Grenada World, in 2007 - Vivian Burkhardt
Grenada
Grenada
Grenada
Recurring events established in 1964
Grenadian awards
Productive forces, productive powers, or forces of production (German: Produktivkräfte) is a central idea in Marxism and historical materialism.
In Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels' own critique of political economy, it refers to the combination of the means of labor (tools, machinery, land, infrastructure, and so on) with human labour power. Marx and Engels probably derived the concept from Adam Smith's reference to the "productive powers of labour" (see e.g. chapter 8 of The Wealth of Nations (1776)), although the German political economist Friedrich List also mentions the concept of "productive powers" in The National System of Political Economy (1841).
All those forces which are applied by people in the production process (body and brain, tools and techniques, materials, resources, quality of workers' cooperation, and equipment) are encompassed by this concept, including those management and engineering functions technically indispensable for production (as contrasted with social control functions). Human knowledge can also be a productive force.
Together with the social and technical relations of production, the productive forces constitute a historically specific mode of production.
Labor
Karl Marx emphasized that with few exceptions means of labour are not a productive force unless they are actually operated, maintained and conserved by living human labour. Without applying living human labour, their physical condition and value would deteriorate, depreciate, or be destroyed (an example would be a ghost town or capital depreciation due to strike action).
Capital itself, being one of the factors of production, comes to be viewed in capitalist society as a productive force in its own right, independent from labour, a subject with "a life of its own". Indeed, Marx sees the essence of what they call "the capital relation" as being summarised by the circumstance that "capital buys labour", i.e. the power of property ownership to command human energy and labour-time, and thus of inanimate "things" to exert an autonomous power over people. What disappears from view is that the power of capital depends in the last instance on human cooperation.
The productive power of cooperation comes to be viewed as the productive power of capital, because it is capital which forcibly organises people, rather than people organising capital. Marx regarded this as a supreme reification.
Unlike British classical economics, Marxian economics classifies financial capital as being an element of the relations of production, rather than the factors or forces of production ("not a thing, but a social relation between persons, established by the instrumentality of things").
Destructive forces
Marx and Engels did not believe that human history featured a continuous growth of the productive forces. Rather, the development of the productive forces was characterised by social conflicts. Some productive forces destroyed other productive forces, sometimes productive techniques were lost or destroyed, and sometimes productive forces could be turned into destructive forces:
Marxist–Leninist definition in the Soviet Union
The Institute of Economics of the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R., textbook (1957, p xiv) says that "[t]he productive forces reflect the relationship of people to the objects and forces of nature used for the production of material wealth." (italics added) While productive forces are a human activity, the concept of productive forces includes the concept that technology mediates the human-nature relationship. Productive forces do not include the subject of labor (the raw materials or materials from nature being worked on). Productive forces are not the same thing as the means of production. Marx identified three components of production: human labor, subject of labor, and means of labor (1967, p 174). Productive forces are the union of human labor and the means of labor; means of production are the union of the subject of labor and the means of labor. (Institute of Economics of the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R., 1957, p xiii).
On the other hand, The Great Soviet Encyclopedia (1969-1978) states:
According to this, productive forces have such structure:
People (human labour power)
Means (the material elements of the productive forces)
Means of production
Means of labour
Instruments of labour
Objects of labour (also known as Subject of labour)
Means of consumption
Marxism in USSR served as core philosophical paradigm or platform, and had been developing as a science. So different views, hypotheses and approaches were widely discussed, tested and refined with time.
Determinism
See article: Theory of productive forces
Reification of technology
Other interpretations, sometimes influenced by postmodernism and the concept of commodity fetishism have by contrast emphasized the reification of the powers of technology, said to occur by the separation of technique from the producers, and by falsely imputing human powers to technology as autonomous force, the effect being a perspective of inevitable and unstoppable technological progress operating beyond any human control, and impervious to human choices.
In turn, this is said to have the effect of naturalising and legitimating social arrangements produced by people, by asserting that they are technically inevitable. The error here seems to be that social relations between people are confused and conflated with technical relations between people and things, and object relations between things; but this error is said to be a spontaneous result of the operation of a universal market and the process of commercialization.
Productivity
Marx's concept of productive forces also has some relevance for discussions in economics about the meaning and measurement of productivity.
Modern economics theorises productivity in terms of the marginal product of the factors of production. Marx theorises productivity within the capitalist mode of production in terms of the social and technical relations of production, with the concept of the organic composition of capital and the value product. They suggest there is no completely neutral view of productivity possible; how productivity is defined depends on the values and interests people have. Thus, different social classes have different notions of productivity reflecting their own station in life, and giving rise to different notions of productive and unproductive labour.
Critique of technology
In the Romantic or ecological critique of technology, technical progress boosting productivity often does not mean human progress at all. The design of production technologies may not be suited to human needs or human health, or technologies may be used in ways which do more harm than good. In that case, productive forces are transformed into destructive forces.
Sometimes this view leads to cultural pessimism or a theory of "Small is beautiful" as proposed by E. F. Schumacher. Ideas about alternative technology are also proposed. All of this suggests that the technologies we have, are only options which have been chosen from different technical possibilities existing at the time, and that the same technologies can be used for good or for ill, in different contexts.
A technology may be chosen because it is profitable, and once adopted on a mass scale, it may be difficult to create alternatives to it, particularly because it becomes integrated with other technologies and a whole "lifestyle" (e.g. petrol-fueled cars). Yet that may not mean that the technology is ultimately desirable for human life on earth.
Productive force determinism is then criticised on the ground that whatever technologies are adopted, these are the result of human choices between technical alternatives, influenced by the human interests and stakes existing at the time. What may be presented as a pre-determined "technical necessity" may in reality have more to do with considerations of political, sociological, or economic power.
Advocates of technological progress however argue that even if admittedly "progress may have its price", without technical innovation there would be no progress at all; the same people who criticize technology also depend on it for their everyday existence.
References
Karl Marx, The Poverty of Philosophy
Karl Marx, The German Ideology
Karl Marx, "The Trinity Formula", chapter 48 in volume 3 of Marx's Capital.
Josef V. Stalin, Dialectical and Historical Materialism.
G. A. Cohen, Karl Marx's Theory of History: A Defence.
Perry Anderson, Arguments within English Marxism.
Isaac I. Rubin, Essays on Marx's Theory of value.
Bertell Ollman, Alienation: Marx's Conception of Man in Capitalist Society.
Kostas Axelos, Alienation, Praxis and Techne in the Thought of Karl Marx.
Peter L. Berger, Pyramids of Sacrifice.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The New Industrial State.
Jacques Ellul, The Technological Society.
Leo Kofler, Technologische Rationalität im Spätkapitalismus.
Anwar Shaikh, "Laws of Production and Laws of Algebra: The Humbug Production Function", in The Review of Economics and Statistics, Volume 56(1), February 1974, pp. 115–120.
Francisco Louça and Christopher Freeman, As Time Goes By; From the Industrial Revolutions to the Information Revolution.
David F. Noble, Progress Without People: In Defense of Luddism
Institute of Economics of the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R. (1957). Political Economy: A Textbook. London: Lawrence and Wishart.
Marx, Karl (1867 | 1967). Capital Vol. I. New York: International Publishers.
Specific
External links
Marxist theory
Political theories
Communist theory
ru:Марксистская политическая экономия#Производительные силы
The battle of Cúl Dreimhne (also known as the Battle of the Book) took place in the 6th century in the túath of Cairbre Drom Cliabh (now Co. Sligo) in northwest Ireland. The exact date for the battle varies from 555 AD to 561 AD. 560 AD is regarded as the most likely by modern scholars. The battle is notable for being possibly one of the earliest conflicts over copyright in the world.
Traditional accounts
Traditional accounts ascribe different reasons for this battle. The most famous is the story about the copying of a book belonging to Saint Finnian by Columcille - an account that first appears in the Life written by Manus O'Donnell, written nearly a thousand years after the alleged events supposedly took place, and therefore a highly unreliable source.
According to O'Donnell, sometime around 560, the Irish abbot and missionary Saint Columba became involved in a quarrel with Saint Finnian of Movilla Abbey over a psalter (traditionally said to be the Cathach of St. Columba). Columba copied the manuscript at the scriptorium under Saint Finnian, intending to keep the copy. Saint Finnian disputed their right to keep the copy. Thus, this dispute was about the ownership of the copy (whether it belonged to Saint Columba because they copied it or whether it belonged to Saint Finnian because they owned the original). King Diarmait mac Cerbaill gave the judgement, "To every cow belongs their calf, therefore to every book belongs its copy."
Columba disagreed with King Diarmait's ruling against them and reportedly instigated a successful rebellion of the Uí Néill clan against the King. The battle was claimed to have caused around 3,000 casualties.
Another traditional reason given for the battle concerns the violation of sanctuary. The Annals Of Tighernach for the year 559, record the death of Curnan son of Aed, son of Eochaid Tirmcharna by Diarmait mac Cerbaill, while Curnan was 'ar comairce Coluim chilli - under Colum Cille's protection'. This Curnan was the son of Aed, the king of Connacht. That Diarmait had violated the sanctuary of the termonn at the Columban monastery of Kells is given as the reason for the battle.
Either way, as a monk who had taken up arms, Colmcille faced judgement for their deeds. It said that the judgement resulted in Columba leaving their homeland for Scotland, where they founded Iona Abbey in 563. The sentence stipulated they were to win as many souls to Christianity as had been lost in the battle. The Chronicles of Iona state that "In the second year after the battle of Cul-drebene, the forty-second year of their age, Columba sailed away from Ireland to Britain wishing to be a pilgrim for Christ." This last note rather contradicts the notion that Columba had been sent away as a punishment: they were rather fulfilling a monastic vocation.
Modern investigations
However, these later versions have been disputed by modern scholarship on several grounds,
particularly as early mentions of the battle do not refer to the book incident. It may have been a dynastic battle between the Cinel Cairbre and Diarmait Mac cerbaill who had wrested the kingship at Tara from them after the death of Tuathal Maelgarb.
References
Further reading
Betha Colmcille, Manus O'Donnell
6th century in Ireland
Battles involving Gaelic Irish tribes
History of copyright law
Karpovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 27 as of 2002.
Geography
Karpovskaya is located 28 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Akulovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
JaCorian Kevon Duffield (born September 2, 1992) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the high jump. Their personal record for the event is , set as they were the 2015 runner-up at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Duffield competed for Texas Tech University collegiately and won both the indoor and outdoor NCAA titles in 2015.
Career
Early life and college
Born in Wichita, Kansas, their family moved to Texas and they grew up in the state in Schertz, Texas, attending Randolph High School. While at high school they competed in basketball and the high jump, becoming state champion in the latter. After graduation they went on to study business management at Texas Tech University. They began to compete for the school's Texas Tech Red Raiders college athletics team.
In their first-year student year they took fifth place at the Big 12 Conference Championships and ranked seventeenth at the NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championships, being one of five freshmen athletes to have qualified for the top level meet. Though they were only eighth at the 2013 Big 12 indoor meet, they managed runner-up at the conference outdoor event. They again qualified for the NCAA Outdoor Championships and improved to seventh place with a personal record equalling mark of . A new best of followed at the Big 12 indoors (ranking second) and on their debut at the NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championships they placed fifth. Outdoors, they cleared to place third at the Texas Relays before setting an outright best of in Lubbock, Texas in May. They were somewhat short of that height at the Big 12 Outdoor Championships, repeating their runner-up finish, and was down to tenth place at that year's NCAA Outdoor Championships. Better results came at the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, where they achieved a height of and ranked sixth in the top level national competition. They gained their first international selection for the 2014 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics, but failed to record a height.
Duffield showed marked improvement in the 2015 season, setting a new best of indoors in February. They added a further centimeter to that at the NCAA Indoor Championships to win their first collegiate title. They and fellow Texas Tech alumnus Bradley Adkins made it the first time in over forty years since a school had provided the top two athletes in the NCAA high jump. Two weeks later they jumped higher again, clearing to win at the Texas Relays. This performance raised them to the top of the global rankings at that point of the season. They extended their winning streak to include the Drake Relays and then the Big 12 Conference outdoor championship. At the 2015 NCAA Outdoor Championships Duffield and Adkins repeated their 1–2 placings, with the former achieving an NCAA indoor/outdoor double to match the feat of Derek Drouin in 2013. This was the peak performance of their career as a Texas Tech athlete, and also their last for the school.
Professional career
At the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships they improved their personal best to and was beaten only by Erik Kynard (the 2012 Olympic runner-up). This earned Duffield the right to represent the United States at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics. They were knocked out in the qualification and failed to reach the final.
Personal bests
High jump outdoor: (2015)
High jump indoor: (2015)
National titles
NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championships
High jump: 2015
NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championships
High jump: 2015
International competitions
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
People from Greater San Antonio
Sportspeople from Texas
American male high jumpers
Texas Tech Red Raiders men's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Richard Rifkind (October 26, 1930 – January 1, 2019) was an American cancer researcher.
Rifkind was born in Manhattan, New York, the son of Simon H. Rifkind and their wife Adele (Singer). They graduated from the Loomis School (high school) in 1948. They graduated from Yale University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1951. The same year they commenced medical school at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, graduating in 1955. They served as an intern (1956–1957) then as a resident (1957–1961) at Presbyterian Hospital. During 1957–59 they also served in the United States Air Force.
At Columbia
Returning to Columbia University College of Physicians and surgeons, they served as assistant professor 1963–1967, associate professor from 1967 to 1970, and full professor of medicine and of human genetics, 1970–1981. While at Columbia, they "led a broad revision of the medical school curriculum designed to increase the students' understanding of the scientific and research bases that underlay the practice of medicine." They also are director of hematology at Presbyterian Hospital New York City from 1972 to 1981.
At Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
In 1980 they left Columbia for Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (hereafter MSKCC), starting out as the department chairperson of the Cancer Center. The following year they were appointed director of the MSKCC's graduate school. In 1983 they were appointed chairperson and chief scientific officer of the Sloan-Kettering Institute, the experimental research arm of MSKCC. Similar to the restructuring of curriculum which they had led at Columbia, at MSKCC "he presided over a complete overhaul and diversification of the Institute's research faculty towards making the organization 'more advanced and adventurous.'" Their personal research was concerned with the control of malignant cell growth, leading to a new class of chemotherapy. They held the positions of director of the graduate school and chairperson of the institute until their retirement in 2003, upon which they received the title of chairperson emeritus.
In 1993 they were recruited to serve on the board of governors of the New York Academy of Sciences. Academy President Ellis Rubinstein said of Rifkind: "The Academy is incredibly fortunate to have been able to draw upon someone of their stature, who could bring to the role not only a profound understanding of the scientific process, but also the accumulated wisdom of years of experience in leading complex global organizations."
Rifkind also served on the boards of the New York Academy of Medicine and the New York Hall of Science. Having been awarded a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation fellow in Medicine and Health in 1965, they later served on the foundation's board from 1981 to 2016.
New York Structural Biology Center
With numerous important medical institutions located in Manhattan, Rifkind recognized the possibility of making New York City a leader in medical science. Along with others they were able to convince colleagues and administration of MSKCC to collaborate with other New York institutions in creating the New York Structural Biology Center which embodied their vision of a "shared research enterprise." "The idea of a center owned and operated collectively by nine highly competitive academic institutions was a pioneering social experiment that many viewed as unrealistic. Its overwhelming success created a model that was subsequently replicated...[Rifkind's] vision, their strength and steadfastness of purpose formed the bedrock on which the Center was built." They served as the center's first chairperson of the board from 1999 to 2005.
Filmmaking
In 2004 they and their wife made The Venetian Dilemma, a film which explored the conflict between long- and short-term urban interests in Venice. The film observed how through gentrification, native Venetians were being forced to move while the city is being transformed primarily into a tourist destination, while the city's continual sinking contributes to the problems facing the city.
Shortly thereafter, the Rifkinds embarked on a project to document the training of scientists. "It amazed me to learn that making a film is very like doing science...It's a continuous process of asking questions and solving problems. You can't let yourself give up." They spent several years documenting on film the experiences of three young scientists in training in a laboratory at Columbia University, not knowing if the students would fail or succeed in their projects. The resulting film, Naturally Obsessed, received an award from the National Academy of Sciences, was broadcast around the world, and is used as a teaching tool in dozens of universities. One message of the film is that "Failure is an essential step in the pathway to success."
Personal
Rifkind married Carole Lewis on June 24, 1956. They have two children. They died on January 1, 2019, at the age of 88.
Selected list of works
Books
Fundamentals of Hematology Chicago: Year Book Medical Publishers, 1986.
Selected articles
Rifkind is the author of over 250 articles. The following, in reverse chronological order, are a small selection.
D.L. Marrocco, W.D. Tilley, T. Bianco-Miotto, A. Evdokiou, H.I. Scher, R.A. Rifkind, P.A. Marks, V.M. Richon, L.M. Butler, "Suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (vorinostat) represses androgen receptor expression and acts synergistically with an androgen receptor antagonist to inhibit prostate cancer cell proliferation," Molecular Cancer Therapeutics 6, no. 1 (Jan. 2007), p. 51-60.
M.C. Kutko, R.D. Glick, L.M. Butler, D.C. Coffey, R.A. Rifkind, P.A. Marks, V.M. Richon, M.P. LaQuaglia, "Histone deacetylase inhibitors induce growth suppression and cell death in human rhabdomyosarcoma in vitro," Clinical Cancer Research: An Official Journal Of The American Association For Cancer Research 9, no. 15 (2003), p. 5749-55.
W.K. Kelly, V.M. Richon, O. O'Connor, T. Curley, B. MacGregor-Curtelli, W. Tong, M. Klang, L. Schwartz, S. Richardson, E. Rosa, M. Drobnjak, C. Cordon-Cordo, J.H. Chiao, R. Rifkind, P.A. Marks, H. Scher, "Phase I clinical trial of histone deacetylase inhibitor: suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid administered intravenously," Clinical Cancer Research: An Official Journal Of The American Association For Cancer Research Sep 1, 2003; vol. 9 (10 Pt 1), pp. 3578-88.
L.M. Butler, X. Zhou, W.S. Xu, H.I. Scher, R.A. Rifkind, P.A. Marks, V.M. Richon, "The histone deacetylase inhibitor SAHA arrests cancer cell growth, up-regulates thioredoxin-binding protein-2, and down-regulates thioredoxin," Proceedings Of The National Academy Of Sciences Of The United States Of America 99, no. 18 (Sept. 3, 2002), p. 11700-5.
L.A. Cohen, P.A. Marks, R.A. Rifkind, S. Amin, D. Desai, B. Pittman, V.M. Richon, "Suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA), a histone deacetylase inhibitor, suppresses the growth of carcinogen-induced mammary tumors," Anticancer Research 22 no. 3 (May-Jun. 2002), p. 1497-504.
Paul A. Marks, Richard A. Rifkind, Victoria M. Richon, Ronald Breslow, Thomas Miller & William K. Kelly, "Histone deacetylases and cancer: causes and therapies" Nature Reviews Cancer volume 1 (2001), p. 194-202.
Lisa M. Butler, David B. Agus, Howard I. Scher, Brian Higgins, Adam Rose, Carlos Cordon-Cardo, Howard T. Thaler, Richard A. Rifkind, Paul A. *Marks and Victoria M. Richon, "Suberoylanilide Hydroxamic Acid, an Inhibitor of Histone Deacetylase, Suppresses the Growth of Prostate Cancer Cells in Vitro and in Vivo," Cancer Research 60 (September 15, 2000)
Victoria M. Richon, Todd W. Sandhoff, Richard A. Rifkind, and Paul A. Marks, "Histone deacetylase inhibitor selectively induces p21WAF1 expression and gene-associated histone acetylation," PNAS 97, no. 18 (August 29, 2000), p. 10014-10019; https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.180316197
Paul A. Marks Victoria M. Richon Richard A. Rifkind, "Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors: Inducers of Differentiation or Apoptosis of Transformed Cells," JNCI: Journal of the National Cancer Institute 92, Issue 15 (2 August 2000), p. 1210–1216. https://doi.org/10.1093/jnci/92.15.1210
Michael S. Finnin, Jill R. Donigian, Alona Cohen, Victoria M. Richon, Richard A. Rifkind, Paul A. Marks, Ronald Breslow & Nikola P. Pavletich, "Structures of a histone deacetylase homologue bound to the TSA and SAHA inhibitors," Nature 401 (9 September 1999), p. 188-193.
Victoria M. Richon, Stephane Emiliani, Eric Verdin, Yael Webb, Ronald Breslow, Richard A. Rifkind, and Paul A. Marks, "A class of hybrid polar inducers of transformed cell differentiation inhibits histone deacetylases," PNAS 95, no. 6 (March 17, 1998), p. 3003-3007. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.95.6.3003
Paul A. Marks, Victoria M. Richon, Ronald Breslow, Richard A. Rifkind, "Histone deacetylase inhibitors as new cancer drugs," Current Opinion in Oncology 13, no. 6 (November 2001), p. 477-483.
R. C. Reuben, R. L. Wife, R. Breslow, R. A. Rifkind, and P. A. Marks, "A new group of potent inducers of differentiation in murine erythroleukemia cells," PNAS 73, no. 3 (March 1, 1976), p. 862-866. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.73.3.862
See also
Naturally Obsessed
References
1930 births
2019 deaths
People from Manhattan
Cancer researchers
Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons alumni
Physicians from New York City
Military personnel from New York City
Scientists from New York City
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center faculty
Columbia University faculty
Filmmakers from New York (state)
Yale University alumni
20th-century American Jews
Loomis Chaffee School alumni
21st-century American Jews
Henry David Cooke Jr. (September 21, 1879 – July 7, 1958) was a highly decorated officer in the United States Navy with the rank of Rear admiral. A graduate of the United States Naval Academy and veteran of several conflicts, they were wounded during the Philippine–American War and later distinguished themselves as Commanding officer of destroyer USS Allen during World War I for which received the Navy Cross, the second highest decoration of the United States military awarded for valor.
Cooke remained in the Navy during the interwar period and served as Commandant of midshipmen at the Naval Academy and Commanding officer of battleship USS Oklahoma. They retired from active duty in early 1940s, but was immediately recalled and served as Convoy commodore in the Atlantic during World War II. They were a grandson of Henry D. Cooke, First Governor of the District of Columbia.
Early career
Henry D. Cooke Jr. was born on September 21, 1879, in Washington, D.C. as the son of banker Henry David Sr. and their wife Anna Howell. Cooke attended the public schools in Washington, D.C. and New York City and received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, in September 1899. While at the Academy, they were nicknamed "Cookie" by their fellow classmates and was elected President of the Class. Cooke also reached the rank of Cadet Junior Lieutenant.
Among their classmates were several future admirals including future Chief of Naval Operations Harold R. Stark; Chief of Office of Naval Material, Admiral Samuel M. Robinson; Vice admirals Walter S. Anderson, Charles A. Blakely; and Rear admirals Milton S. Davis, Ralston S. Holmes, Lamar R. Leahy, Martin K. Metcalf, Frank H. Sadler and Alexander H. Van Keuren.
Cooke graduated as Passed midshipman with Bachelor of Science degree in June 1903 and was assigned to the battleship Wisconsin operating with the Asiatic Fleet mostly in South China Sea during the ongoing Philippine–American War. They were subsequently transferred to the USS Pampanga, schooner-rigged iron gunboat, which was originally a ship of the Spanish Navy, captured by U.S. Army in June 1898. Cooke participated aboard USS Pampanga in patrol duty around Island of Jolo and was wounded by Moro Rebels in 1904 for which they were later decorated with Purple Heart.
Following their recovery, they were transferred to the staff of Army Major general Leonard Wood, governor of Moro Province and also recommended for advancement of ten numbers in grade by the Commander-in-Chief, Asiatic Fleet, Rear admiral Yates Stirling. Cooke was commissioned an Ensign on February 3, 1905 after completing two years at sea then required by law.
They subsequently returned to the United States and entered the instruction in Ordnance at Washington Navy Yard, which they completed several months later. Cooke was assigned to the recently commissioned battleship Virginia in October 1907 and participated in the cruise around the World with Great White Fleet. They visited Port of Spain; Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; Punta Arenas and Valparaíso, Chile; Hawaii; Melbourne and Sydney, Australia; Auckland, New Zealand; Manila, Philippines; Yokohama, Japan; Singapore; Colombo, Ceylon; Suez Canal; Port Said, Egypt; and Gibraltar. While aboard Virginia, they were promoted to Lieutenant on February 3, 1908.
In October 1909, Cooke was ordered back to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland and assumed duty as an instructor in the Department of Physics and Chemistry and Electrical Engineering. They remained in that capacity until June 1912, when they were transferred to the battleship Georgia operating with the Atlantic Fleet. Cooke served as ships's Engineer officer under Captain Robert Coontz, future Chief of Naval Operations and took part in patrol duty in the Mexican waters during the Mexican Revolution.
World War I
Cooke was given their first own sea command by the end of October 1914, when they were appointed Commanding officer of destroyer USS Henley, which conducted neutrality patrols along the coast of Europe during the ongoing World War I. They remained in command of Henley until July 1915, when they were ordered to the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island for senior course, which they completed one year later and was promoted to lieutenant commander on August 29, 1916.
Following the United States entry into World War I in April 1917, they were subsequently ordered to the Industrial Department of the New York Navy Yard for duty in connection with fitting out of an armed yacht Kanawha, which was acquired by the United States Navy. Cooke took their ship to Brest, France in mid-June and conducted patrols until August that year, when assumed command of destroyer Jenkins based at Queenstown, Ireland. Jenkins took part in the patrols in the eastern Atlantic, escorting convoys and rescuing survivors of sunken merchantmen.
Cooke was promoted to the temporary rank of Commander in October 1917 and given command of destroyer USS Allen, which was tasked with protection of convoys of troops and cargo ships through the area of submarine activity. Allen and the convoy of allied transports came in contact with enemy U-Boots on March 11 and 16 March 1918, but Cooke maneuvered them off and escorted their ships to safety. They were subsequently decorated with Navy Cross, the second highest decoration of the United States military awarded for valor.
They were later appointed acting commander of the Naval Air Station Lough Foyle, Ireland and returned to the United States in late 1918. Cooke was also decorated with the Legion of Honour, rank of Chevalier by the Government of France.
Interwar period
Cooke was ordered to the Union Iron Works in San Francisco, California for duty in connection with fitting out of destroyer Harding, which was commissioned by the end of January 1919 and Cooke assumed command. They were given additional duty as Commander, Destroyer Division Eight, Atlantic Fleet and later transferred to command of Destroy Division Twenty-seven.
In December 1919, Cooke was ordered to Bethlehem Steel Corporation in Squantum, Massachusetts for duty in connection with fitting out of destroyer Billingsley, which was commissioned on March 1, 1920. Cooke assumed their command and also served simultaneously as Commander, Destroyer Division Fifty conducting operations along the East coast and in the Caribbean until the summer of 1920 when they made Naval Reserve training cruises.
Cooke was ordered to New York City in October 1920 for duty as Officer-in-Charge of Navy Recruiting Officer, an assignment they held until September 1921, when they began their second tour at the United States Naval Academy. They served as Head of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Physics until June 1923, when was assigned to the battleship Wyoming as an Executive officer under Captain George W. Laws. Wyoming served as the flagship of Admiral Hilary P. Jones, the commander of the Atlantic Fleet. Cooke served briefly in this capacity, before assumed command of fleet oiler Brazos.
In May 1925, Cooke was transferred to Boston Navy Yard as Assistant Commandant and Chief of Staff under Rear admiral Philip Andrews, who also served as Commandant, First Naval District. While in this capacity, they were promoted to Captain on November 16, 1925. Cooke remained in that assignment until February 1928, when they assumed command of destroyer tender Melville operating with the Battle Fleet.
Cooke began their third tour at the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland in January 1930 and assumed duty as Commandant of midshipmen and Director of Athletics. While in these capacities, they were responsible for the professional development and day-to-day activities of all 4,500 Midshipmen in the Brigade.
By the end of June 1932, Cooke assumed command of the battleship Oklahoma, which operated along the West Coast of the United States and Hawaii as the part of the Pacific Fleet. Detached in May 1934, Cooke was then ordered to the staff of the President of the Naval War College, Rear admiral Edward C. Kalbfus.
Their final assignment came in June 1939, when they were transferred to Boston Navy Yard for duty as a Captain of the Yard. Cooke retired from active duty in June 1939 after 36 years of commissioned service and was advanced to the rank of Rear admiral on the retired list for having been specially commended in combat.
World War II
Cooke did not remain in retirement for long and was recalled to the active duty on the next day. They were assigned to the office of the Chief of Naval Operations under their Academy classmate, Admiral Harold R. Stark and later transferred to the Office of the Director of Convoy and Routing under their another classmate, Rear admiral Martin K. Metcalf. Cooke assumed duty as a Convoy commodore and their main responsibility was command and control of important sea convoys of military personnel and supplies vital to the maintenance of the Allied forces overseas.
They commanded transports of several hundred of Sherman Tanks, who later delivered to Alexandria, Egypt to reinforce Field Marshall Bernard L. Montgomery's army. They also transported supplies and personnel to Cape Town, South Africa and was also in the close contact with Merchant service and other Allied naval units and participated in the improvement of the convoy system. Cooke remained in that capacity for the rest of the War and was decorated with the Bronze Star Medal with Combat "V" for their wartime service.
Postwar life
Cooke was relieved of all active duty during the second half of 1945 and joined their wife Elinor Talbot Cooke (1887–1971) at their residence at Long Island, New York City. Cooke died on July 7, 1958, at the age of 78 in East Hills, New York, and is buried together with their wife at Arlington National Cemetery, Virginia.
Decorations
Cooke´s ribbon bar:
See also
USS Oklahoma
References
External links
ANC Explorer
1879 births
1958 deaths
Military personnel from Washington, D.C.
United States Navy rear admirals
United States Naval Academy alumni
Naval War College alumni
United States Naval Academy faculty
American military personnel of the Philippine–American War
United States Navy personnel of World War I
United States Navy World War II admirals
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Virtual Pool 2 (acronymed to VP2) is a 3D, first-person sports simulation video game developed by Celeris and released by VR Sports on behalf of Interplay Productions in 1997. It is the third release of the Virtual Pool franchise of computer simulations of pool games developed by Celeris. VP2 is the second main series title in the Virtual Pool series, and would later be released alongside Virtual Pool 1.
Gameplay
Virtual Pool 2 is a simulation of several different modes of pool. Like its predecessor, Virtual Pool, the game is viewed in first-person 3D perspective, in contrast to most earlier pool games, which featured a fixed overhead view. As with all Virtual Pool games, Interplay offered a full refund for buyers of the game who did not see an improvement in their pool abilities within 45 days of purchase and returned the CD-ROM to the company.
In addition to the three pool game modes offered in Virtual Pool (Nine Ball, Straight Pool and Eight Ball), Virtual Pool 2 includes different modes of eight-ball pool (APA rules, English pub or American bar variations), as well as other variants, such as Three-ball, 10-ball, One-Pocket and Bank Pool. The game uses a higher frame rate and resolution of 16-bit graphics over the original. The game was released for Microsoft Windows 95, but was later patched to work on Windows 98.
Following on from Virtual Pool, Virtual Pool 2 expands the amount of AI opponents to over 100. Whilst also expanding the number of game modes on offer, the game also includes the ability to play, and create tournaments, all for online, single player, or multiplayer use.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Steve Davis return from Virtual Snooker on the box art. Lou Butera makes a return in game to teach the player trick shots, whilst Mike Sigel is seen in game, showing off pool shots via in-game cutscenes.
Reception
Virtual Pool 2 received generally similar reviews to that of Virtual Pool, but generally more positive than that of Virtual Snooker. GameSpot said that the game had "taken many strides in improving upon its earlier Virtual Pool", and that VR Sports had "worked magic". However, they also stated that Virtual Pool 2 "requires some getting used to." GamePro said, "With a great soundtrack, dazzling visuals, and intuitive control, no self-respecting shark should be without Virtual Pool 2." Next Generation called it "a simulation of rare quality [that] deserves all the success it can get."
The game was a finalist for the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences' 1997 "Personal Computer: Sports Game of the Year" award, and was also nominated for the "Best Sports Game" award at the CNET Gamecenter Awards for 1997, both of which ultimately went to FIFA: Road to World Cup 98.
Notes
References
External links
Developer Celeris official website
1997 video games
Interplay Entertainment games
Virtual Pool
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games developed in the United States
The Private Lesson (French: La leçon particulière) is a 1968 French drama film directed by Michel Boisrond and starring Nathalie Delon, Renaud Verley and Robert Hossein. It was shot on location around Paris and Avoriaz in the French Alps.
Synopsis
A school student falls in love with a slightly older woman, while their racing driver boyfriend is away in America.
Cast
Nathalie Delon as Frederique Dampierre
Renaud Verley as Olivier Fermond
Robert Hossein as Enrico Fontana
Katia Christine as Christine
Martine Sarcey as La mère d'Olivier
Nicole Desailly as La concierge
Bernard Le Coq as Jean-Pierre
Michel Boisrond as Le père d'Olivier
Henri Lambert as Le motard
References
Bibliography
Parish, James Robert. Film Actors Guide: Western Europe. Scarecrow Press, 1977.
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
French drama films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Michel Boisrond
Films shot in Paris
Films set in Paris
1960s French films
Gemmules are internal buds found in sponges and are involved in asexual reproduction. It is an asexually reproduced mass of cells, that is capable of developing into a new organism i.e., an adult sponge.
Role in asexual reproduction
Asexual reproduction in sponges occurs via budding, either by external or internal buds. The internal buds are called gemmules. Only endogenous types of buds develop into new sponges.
Characteristics
Gemmules are resistant to desiccation (drying out), freezing, and anoxia (lack of oxygen) and can lie around for long periods of time. Gemmules are analogous to a bacterium's endospore and are made up of amoebocytes surrounded by a layer of spicules and can survive conditions that would kill adult sponges. When the environment becomes less hostile, the gemmule resumes growing.
References
Feldkamp, Susan (2002). Modern Biology. United States: Holt, Rinehart, and Winston. p. 695. Accessed on May 23, 2006.
Sponge anatomy
R.I.B. is the sixteenth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released through Nuclear Blast Records on 20 June 2014.
Track listing
Personnel
Andreas "Gerre" Geremia – vocals
Andreas Gutjahr – guitar
Frank Thorwarth – bass guitar
Olaf Zissel – drums
References
2014 albums
Tankard (band) albums
Nuclear Blast albums
Ogemaw, a variant spelling of ogema, is derived from the Anishinaabemowin word ogimaa meaning "chief", may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:
Ogemaw County, Michigan
Ogemaw Township, Michigan
See also
John Okemos
"Never Gonna Let You" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country artist MacKenzie Porter. They wrote the track with fellow country artist Carolyn Dawn Johnson and Brad Crisler, while Johnson produced the track. It was Porter's second career single, and was included on their debut self-titled album in 2014.
Music video
The music video for "Never Gonna Let You" premiered on July 5, 2013 on Vimeo. It was directed by David Tenniswood and stars Porter alongside several actors.
Chart performance
"Never Gonna Let You" reached a peak of number 11 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated September 28, 2013, marking Porter's first career Top 20 hit. It also peaked at number 96 on the Canadian Hot 100 for the same week, becoming their first career entry on their national all-genre chart.
References
2013 songs
2013 singles
MacKenzie Porter songs
Songs written by MacKenzie Porter
Songs written by Brad Crisler
Songs written by Carolyn Dawn Johnson
Steven Beckwith Ayres (October 27, 1861 – June 1, 1929) was an American politician and a U.S. Representative from New York.
Biography
Born in Fort Dodge, Iowa, Ayres was the son of Stephen and Artemisia (Dunlap) Ayres. They moved with their parents to Elmira, New York, in 1866, where they attended grammar school. They moved to Penn Yan, New York in 1873, and attended the Penn Yan Academy. They graduated from Syracuse University in 1882.
They married their first wife, Harriet Margaret Bowers of Penn Yann, NY, in 1884. They had one son, Malcolm Beckwith Ayres (b.1886). Their second wife, Helen Ayres (b.1869), was one of the founders of the Woman's National Democratic League (est.1896) in New York City. It was the first permanent national political organization exclusively established for and by women. They had one daughter, Janette.
Career
Ayres worked in the publishing business at Penn Yan and became editor of the Yates County Chronicle. They served as delegate to the Republican State convention in 1884. In 1893, they moved to New York City, where they worked in advertising. They declined the Democratic nomination as candidate for the New York State Assembly in 1910.
They were elected as an Independent (non-Tammany) Democrat to represent Bronx district in the Sixty-second Congress in 1910. Ayres served one term from March 4, 1911 to March 3, 1913. In 1912 they were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Sixty-third Congress.
Ayres wrote several books and many history articles, and lectured at the New York University Summer School in 1914.
They engaged in the cultivation of oranges at Clearwater, Florida in winter and in the real estate business at Woodstock, New York during the summer.
Death
Steven Beckwith Ayres died on June 1, 1929 in Manhattan's Park West Hospital.  They are interred at Clearwater Cemetery in Clearwater, Florida.
References
External links
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
1861 births
1929 deaths
American male writers
Politicians from New York City
Writers from New York City
Syracuse University alumni
People from Clearwater, Florida
Politicians from Elmira, New York
People from Penn Yan, New York
People from Woodstock, New York
Politicians from Fort Dodge, Iowa
Burials in Florida
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) Independents
New York (state) Republicans
Independent Democrat members of the United States House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
Andrew Swire Billig (born May 1, 1968) is an American politician of the Democratic Party and co-owner of the Spokane Indians minor league baseball team. On November 6, 2012, Billig was elected to the Washington State Senate, representing the 3rd Legislative District. They currently serve as the Senate Majority Leader.
Personal life
Billig grew up in Chevy Chase, Maryland.  They are of Jewish descent. Billig graduated cum laude from Georgetown University in 1990 with a degree in government. They have two children, Isabella "Bella" and Samuel, and is an active runner and triathlete, having completed the Coeur d'Alene Ironman Triathlon in 2004.
Political positions
Billig has supported bills that would improve primary education, including a bill that would lower the compulsory education age in Washington from 8 to 5. They have also been active in expanding statewide voter access and campaign finance reform in addition to efforts to protect the Spokane River. In 2011, Billig received the Inter-Continental Smackdown Champion Award from Fuse Washington for their work against phosphorus pollution in Washington's lakes and rivers. They have also expressed support for gun control, including a bill that would ban possession of high-capacity magazines.
Washington House of Representatives
After they were elected to the House of Representatives in 2010, Billig immediately assumed a transportation leadership position in the House, serving as vice-chair of the House Transportation Committee. In that role, they helped write the state's two-year transportation budget. Billig also served on the Education, Environment, and Technology & Economic Development committees.
Washington Senate
In 2012, Billig was elected to the Senate, where they were given a position of leadership as the Minority Whip. In 2015 they were chosen to represent the caucus as the Deputy Leader, and now serves as the Senate Majority Leader. During the 2018 legislative session, they served on the Early Learning & K-2 Education, Ways & Means, and Rules committees. One of their primary achievements of the 2018 session was the DISCLOSE Act, which increases transparency of campaign contributions and closes campaign finance disclosure loopholes.
Spokane Indians Baseball Team
In 1992, Billig became general manager of the Spokane Indians Baseball Team. They later became president and co-owner of the team and remains active in management and ownership.
Awards
Billig has been recognized repeatedly for their leadership with the Spokane Indians, being voted Northwest League Executive of the Year in both 1994 and 2004. They were also nominated for the Larry MacPhail Award for promotional excellence several times and won the Joe Martin Award for Service to Baseball and the Community in 2007.
References
External links
Senate homepage
Campaign website
1968 births
21st-century American politicians
Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School alumni
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Chevy Chase, Maryland
Washington (state) Democrats
Washington (state) state senators
Saddle Lake is a First Nations community in central Alberta. It is located on Saddle Lake Cree Nation 125 and is governed by the Saddle Lake Cree Nation.
The community is located on Highway 652, approximately northeast of the City of Edmonton, west of the Town of St. Paul and north of the Town of Vegreville.
References
External links
Localities on Indian reserves in Alberta
Cree
Neeli Bendapudi is an American academic administrator who is the 19th president of the Pennsylvania State University. From 2018 until 2021, they served as the 18th president of the University of Louisville. In December 2021, the Pennsylvania State University announced that it had named Bendapudi as its next president, to succeed Eric J. Barron upon their retirement. They assumed office in May 2022 and is the first woman and the first non-white person to serve as Penn State's president.
Early life and education
Bendapudi was born in India and attended Andhra University, where they earned their undergraduate and master's degrees. They moved to the United States to attend graduate school at the University of Kansas, where they earned their Ph.D. in marketing.
Career
Bendapudi held teaching posts at both Ohio State University and Texas A&M University before returning to the University of Kansas to serve as the dean of the University of Kansas School of Business. From July 1, 2016 until their election as president at Louisville, they served as provost and executive vice chancellor of the University of Kansas. Following their tenure at the University of Kansas, their successor cut 150 faculty and staff positions in the midst of budget strains.
Bendapudi was named president of the University of Louisville on April 3, 2018 and their first day was May 15, 2018. They replaced James R. Ramsey, who resigned after a scandal that implicated him. Bendapudi is the first non-white president of the University of Louisville and indicated an intention to develop a culture of openness. Bendapudi resigned as president of the University of Louisville on December 13, 2021 following their selection as the 19th president of the Pennsylvania State University.
On July 13, 2018, Bendapudi, in response to Papa John's Pizza founder John Schnatter's use of a racial slur, announced that Schnatter's name would be struck from U of L's football stadium's name.
References
External links
UofL biography
Living people
Presidents of the University of Louisville
Andhra University alumni
University of Kansas alumni
People from Visakhapatnam
People from Louisville, Kentucky
Year of birth missing (living people)
Presidents of Pennsylvania State University
1962 births
Indian American
Dmitry Kabalevsky's Preludes, Op. 38 are a set of 24 piano pieces in the Chopinian model, each based on a folksong and each in a different key. It was composed in 1943–44, and dedicated to Nikolai Myaskovsky, their teacher. It is one of a number of examples of music written in all 24 major and minor keys.
The score is headed by a quote from Mikhail Lermontov on Russian folksong.
List of preludes
Andantino. C major. 27 bars.
Scherzando. A minor. 38 bars.
Vivace leggiero. G major. 53 bars
Andantino. E minor. 63 bars.
Andante sostenuto. D major. 45 bars.
Allegro molto. B minor. 35 bars.
Moderato e tranquillo. A major. 26 bars.
Andante non troppo. Semplice e cantando – Poco Agitato – Tempo I. F-sharp minor. 29 bars.
Allegretto scherzando – Poco più mosso. E major. 63 bars.
Non troppo allegro ma agitato. Recitando, rubato – Largo – Come prima – Largo. C-sharp minor. 43 bars.
Vivace scherzando. B major. 61 bars.
Adagio. G-sharp minor. 35 bars.
Allegro non troppo. F-sharp major. 69 bars.
Prestissimo possibile. E-flat minor. 100 bars.
Allegretto marcato. D-flat major. 32 bars.
Allegro tenebroso. B-flat minor. 59 bars.
Andantino tranquillo. A-flat major. 41 bars.
Largamente con gravita. F minor. 13 bars.
Allegretto. E-flat major. 35 bars.
Andantino semplice. C minor. 53 bars.
Festivamente. Non troppo allegro. B-flat major. 57 bars.
Scherzando. Non troppo allegro. G minor. 62 bars.
Andante sostenuto. F major. 30 bars.
Allegro feroce – Meno mosso. Marciale. – Pochissimo più mosso – Poco meno mosso.. D minor. 105 bars.
References
Peters's edition of the score; Edition Peters Mo. 4785 – E.P.122225 – Licence-no. 415-300/285/73. Röderdruck, Leipzig (GDR)
Compositions by Dmitry Kabalevsky
1944 compositions
Kabalevsky
Compositions for solo piano
Kabalevsky
The Reaper Awards is an annual awards show presented by Home Media Magazine and Dread Central to honor the best horror genre home video releases. Fans can vote online for their favorite DVD and Blu-ray releases in categories selected by the show's judges. Winners receive the "Grimmy Award", a hand-crafted Grim Reaper trophy.
History
The first award ceremony launched at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, CA on October 13, 2009. The ceremony was originally closed to the public, but a limited number of tickets were later offered for sale. The pre-dinner cocktail reception was still reserved for industry insiders. It was held there again October 12, 2010.
Judges include Steve Barton of Dread Central and Ryan Turek of Shock Till You Drop. Past celebrity judges have included filmmakers Roger Corman and Mick Garris.
The award itself was designed and sculpted by FearWerx and EMCE Toys.
Categories
Voted by fans
Unless otherwise noted, all awards were introduced in 2009 and continue to the present.
Best Theatrical Disc
Best Direct-To-Video Release
Best Catalog/Re-release
Best Collection (2012–)
Best TV on disc
Best Indie/Foreign Release
Spookiest Kidvid (2012–)
Best Extras (2011–)
Best Packaging
Best Box Art (2011–)
Best Big Bad (2011–)
Best Kill (2011–)
Best Line (2011–)
Best Blu-ray (2009–2010)
Best of Genre (2009)
Best Remastering (2009)
Most Anticipated (2010–)
Voted by judges
In addition to the fan-vote categories, the judges select the Best in Show. Previous winners include:
Hellraiser: Box Set (2009)
Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy (2010)
Alien Anthology (2011)
The Walking Dead: The Complete First Season – Special Edition (2012)
The Cabin in the Woods (2013)
Two lifetime achievement awards have been given out:
Michael Felsher, owner of Red Shirt Pictures (2009)
Tom Holland (2010)
References
External links
Horror fiction awards
Direct-to-video horror films
The 2023 Castrol Toyota Racing Series is planned to be the eighteenth running of the Toyota Racing Series, the premier open-wheel motorsport category held in New Zealand. It is scheduled to start in January of 2023.
Entry list
All drivers are scheduled to compete with identical Tatuus FT-60 chassis cars powered by 2.0L turbocharged Toyota engines. After the 2021 season was run without any officially recognized teams, a planned return to a team-based format was announced.
Race calendar
Two years in a row, the championship was heavily influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic: the 2021 season had a heavily shortened calendar compared to previous seasons and the 2022 season was cancelled entirely.
As New Zealand's border restrictions are set to be eased in late 2022, the 2023 season will see the return of a pre-pandemic calendar, with rounds on both the North and the South Island. On 30 May 2022, a five-round calendar was announced.
References
External links
Toyota Racing Series
Toyota Racing Series
Toyota Racing Series
Maria Nomikou (; born March 30, 1993 in Athens, Greece) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece, who is a member of the Greece women's national volleyball team.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
International competitions
2017/2018 : CEV Women's Challenge Cup, with Olympiacos S.F. Piraeus
National championships
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Championship, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National trophies
2012/2013 Cup of Italy, with G.S.O. Villa Cortese
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Cup, with Olympiacos Piraeus
National Super Cups
2011/2012 Super Cup of Italy, with G.S.O. Villa Cortese
Individual awards
2017–18 A1 Ethniki Women's Volleyball "Most Valuable Player"
2018–19 A1 Ethniki Women's Volleyball "Most Valuable Player"
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.gr
profile at CEV web site at cev.eu
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball team at Olympiacos official web site (www.olympiacossfp.gr)
Hellenic Women National Team - caps www.volleyball.gr
Panathinaikos Women's Volleyball players
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball players
Greek women's volleyball players
1993 births
Living people
Volleyball players from Athens
The Western Literature Association (WLA) is a non-profit, scholarly association that promotes the study of the diverse literature and cultures of the North American West, past and present. Since its founding, the WLA has served to publish scholarship and promote work in the field; it has gathered together scholars, artists, environmentalists, and community leaders who value the West's literary and cultural contributions to American and world cultures; it has recognized those who have made a major contribution to western literature and western studies; and it has fostered student learning and career advancement in education.
The Association for the Study of Literature and Environment (ASLE) was founded in 1992 at a special session of the Western Literature Association conference in Reno, Nevada, for the purpose of "sharing of facts, ideas, and texts concerning the study of literature and the environment."
The Association publishes Western American Literature: A Journal of Literary, Cultural, and Place Studies (since 1965) in partnership with the University of Nebraska Press. It considers itself "the leading peer-reviewed journal in the literary and cultural study of the North American West, defined broadly to include western Canada and northern Mexico".
List of WLA Presidents and Annual Conferences
This is a list of people who have served as presidents of the organization and have hosted the annual conference.
References
External links
Western Literature Association official website
Western American Literature Research, hosting links to the journal Western American Literature
1965 establishments in the United States
Arts organizations established in 1965
Literary societies
Gustav Friedrich Beyer (von Beyer since 1859; born 26 February 1812 in Berlin; died 7 December 1889 in Leipzig) was a Prussian general and war minister of the Grand Duchy of Baden.
Biography
Beyer was the son of a Prussian government official (Privy Councilor). They were also the older brother of the future mayor of Potsdam, . They joined the Prussian Army in April 1829. From 1835 to 1838 they attended the General War School as a second lieutenant, and in 1846 was promoted to first lieutenant; taking part in the suppression of the Baden Revolution in 1849.
Orders and decorations
: Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order, 1858
: Commander of the Grand Ducal Hessian Order of Ludwig, 2nd Class, 22 October 1861
Kingdom of Prussia:
Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle, 2nd Class with Star, Oak Leaves and Swords, 1866; Grand Cross with Swords on Ring, 9 July 1875
Iron Cross (1870), 1st Class
Grand Commander's Cross of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, with Star, 11 December 1880
Service Award Cross
:
Grand Cross of the Order of the Zähringer Lion, 1868; with Swords and Golden Collar, 1879
Commander of the Military Karl-Friedrich Merit Order, 1870
Service Cross, 1st Class
:
Knight of the Imperial Order of Saint Anna, 2nd Class
Knight of the Imperial Order of Saint Stanislaus, 2nd Class
Literature
L. Löhlein: Gustav Friedrich v. Beyer. In: Friedrich von Weech (Ed.): Badische Biographien . First Part, Heidelberg 1875, pp. 82–83 (online in the Baden State Library) .
Gustav Friedrich von Beyer. (To Part I, p. 82 ff.) In: Friedrich von Weech (Ed.): Badische Biographien. Fourth Part, Karlsruhe 1891, p. 524 (online in the Baden State Library) .
Kurt von Priesdorff : Soldier leadership . Volume 7, Hanseatische Verlagsanstalt Hamburg, undated [Hamburg], undated [1939], DNB 367632829, pp. 330–332, no. 2320.
Wolfgang Schütz: Koblenz heads. People from the city's history - namesake for streets and squares. 2. revised and exp. Edition. Publishing house for advertising papers, Mülheim-Kärlich 2005.
References
Generals of Infantry (Prussia)
1812 births
1889 deaths
Prussian people of the Austro-Prussian War
Military personnel of the Grand Duchy of Baden
German military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1870), 1st class
Military personnel from Berlin
Papannapet is a village in Medak district of Telangana, India. It is bounded by Shankarampet-A, Tekmal, Kulcharam and Medak mandals of Medak district and Nizamabad district. Papannapet has an average elevation of 445 metres (1463 ft).
History
Erstwhile Papannapet Samsthanam covered almost entire undivided Medak district. In the history it was said as part of Andhol Rajyam with 24 paraganas and was ruled by the princess Rai Bagan Maharani Shankaramma, daughter of Sanga Reddy and Rajamma. They were born in 1702 at Gaudicherla Village. The ruler of Papannapet Samsthanam Ramadurga Venkata Narasimha Reddy (1720-1760) married them for their bravery. After the demise of Raja Narasimha Reddy in 1760, the power of Samsthanam went to in to the hands of Rani Lingayamma II (1760–64) with the prevailing political situations. When Peshwa of Maratha Empire invaded Nizam's territory, Rani Shankaramma countered them, for which they were honoured with Rai Bagan (Royal Tigress) title and was restored to power as Rani of Samsthanam in 1764. They then built Sangareddi, named after their father Sanga Reddy Rajampet, named after their mother Rajamma. They were also credited with the building of Shankarampet after their name and Papannapet named after Merelli Papanna. They adopted Sadashiva Reddy who married Parvathi Devi, daughter of Gadwal Samsthanam ruler Somanatha Bhupala. Sadashivapet was named after their adopted son Raja Sadashiva Reddy. Rani Shankaramma died in 1774. Papannapet Samsthanam, which was already in legal disputes by the early 20th century after the death of Raja Durga Reddy was merged into Hyderabad State in 1948, during the rule of Raja Ramachandra Reddy Bahadur.
In the history Rani Shankaramma was compared with Rani Ahilya Bhai and Rani Rudrama Devi by historians for their administrative skills and valour. They were credited with agricultural development such as constructing ponds and was regarded as a social reformer for their acts of making Neerudi Papanna, a dalit as commander. Many folkloric stories were sung describing them valour.
Historians such as B.N.Shastri said that Papannapet Samsthanam history is clearly recorded from the rule of Rani Shankaramma.
Suravaram Prathapa Reddy mentioned Rani Shankaramma and Raja Sadashiva Reddy in "Golconda Patrika". Chidire Lakshmana Shastri who was the Raja purohit of Samsthanam published the history of Samsthanam titled "Medak Rajula Charitra" (1979–80) by gathering information from the books such as "Maa Poorva Vamshavali" by Rani Lingayamma, "Maa Vamsha Charitra" written in Urdu by Raja Venkata Narasimha Reddy, "Maa Samsthana Charitra", "Lingayamma Charitra" by Venkatadwari, Tirumalacharya's "Shaurya Rajya Vamshavali", "Shrimajjoginatha Charitra" by Mudigonda Ramakrishna Kavi. Mudunga Ranga Krishnamacharyulu wrote "Andhol-Jogipet"(2006–07) and "Shauryaveerya Reddy Thrayam" (2012) describing the Samsthanam. The history of Samsthanam is in circulation under the names "Andhol Rajula Charitra", "Medak Rajula Charitra", and "Rangampeta Charitra".
Demographics
According to Indian census, 2011, the demographic details of this mandal are as follows:
Total Population: 57,149 in 12,504 Households.
Male Population: 27,767 and Female Population: 29,382
Children Under 6-years of age: 6999 (Boys - 3,512 and Girls - 3,487)
Total Literates: 25,805.
Villages in Papannapet Mandal
1. Ablapur, 2. Annaram, 3. Arkela, 4. Arepally, 5. Cheekode, 6. Chitriyal, 7. Doulapur, 8. Ellapoor, 9. Enkepalle, 10. Gandharpalle, 11. Kodpaka, 12. Kompalle, 13. Kothapalle, 14. Kurthiwada, 15. Lingaipalle, 16. Mallampet, 17. Minpur, 18. Muddapur,
19. Nagsanpalle, 20. Namapur, 21. Narsingi, 22. Papannapet, 23. Podchenpalle, 24. Ramathirtham, 25. Thimmaipalle,
26. Yousufpet, 27. Lakshmi Nagar, 28. Machavaram, 29. Bacharam.
Population in Papannapet Village
According to Indian census, 2011, Papannapet village has a population of 5,419 in 2011.
Total Population: 5,419 in 1191 Households.
Male Population: 2,610 and Female Population: 2,809
Children Under 6-years of age: 570 (Boys - 276 and Girls - 294)
Total Literates: 2,877.
Culture
There is famous Edupayala Vana Durga Bhavani temple at Nagasanpalli Vby Mandal Papannapet. The temple maintenance was under family members of Peddalachannagari's under Nizam's rule and now it is under Endowment of the Telangana Government. Peddalachannagai Durga Reddy was the first chairperson of the temple Trust board. Edupayala Jatara is considered to be the third-largest congregation of devotees after the Sammakka-Sarakka Jatara and Peddagattu jathara in Telangana. It was accorded state festival last year.
References
Mandals in Medak district
Rosevears is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of West Tamar, in the Western Tamar Valley region of Tasmania. It is located about north-west of the town of Launceston. The Tamar River forms the eastern and north-eastern boundaries. The 2016 census determined a population of 352 for the state suburb of Rosevears.
History
The locality is believed to be named for the Rosevear family, the original European settlers on the land.
Road infrastructure
The West Tamar Highway passes through the locality from south-east to north-west, and the C733 route (Rosevears Drive) runs from the highway along the river bank before rejoining it.
References
Localities of West Tamar Council
Towns in Tasmania
Isidor Ascheim (; 1891-1968) was a German-born Israeli painter and printmaker.
Biography
Isidor Ascheim was born in Margonin (present-day Poland) in 1891. They were raised in an Orthodox Jewish family and served during World War I. In 1919-23, Ascheim studied under the German Expressionist Otto Mueller in Breslau and was influenced by Erich Heckel of the Die Brücke (The Bridge) group. They immigrated to Mandate Palestine in 1940 and settled in Jerusalem. They were married to the Israeli painter Margot Lange-Ascheim.
Artistic career
They taught at the Bezalel School of Art and served as its director for several years. Ascheim's art is based on a direct impression of nature, life and the human form. Their oeuvre represents a continuous connection with nature and the human figure, usually executed with a dark palette, the legacy of their German Expressionist roots.
Awards and recognition
In 1953, Ascheim was a co-recipient of the Dizengoff Prize for Painting.
In 1955, they received the Jerusalem Prize for Art.
In 1956, they participated in the Venice Biennale.
Selected collections
Fine Arts Museum of San Francisco
Israel Museum, Jerusalem
References
Further reading
Isidor Aschheim: Drawings & Prints [Izidor Ashhaim: rishumim ve-hedpesim]. Jerusalem: Israel Museum, 1966.
Talpir, Gabriel. 100 Artists in Israel. Tel-Aviv: Gazith Art Publishing, 1971.
External links
Artnet.com (Isidor Aschheim)
1891 births
1968 deaths
People from Margonin
People from the Province of Posen
German military personnel of World War I
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Mandatory Palestine
Jewish painters
Israeli male painters
Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design faculty
20th-century German painters
20th-century Israeli male artists
German male painters
Jamner is the Municipal council in district of Jalgaon, Maharashtra.
History
Jamner is a Municipal Council city in district of Jalgaon, Maharashtra. The Jamner city is divided into 20 wards for which elections are held every 5 years. The Jamner Municipal Council has population of 46,762 of which 24,270 are males while 22,492 are females as per report released by Census India 2011.
Municipal Council election
Electoral performance 2018
References
Municipal councils in Maharashtra
Ji Zhaoguang (born 5 December 1956) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Chinese men's basketball players
1982 FIBA World Championship players
Olympic basketball players of China
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Huddersfield Town's 1980–81 campaign was very successful following on from the previous season's brilliant promotion from the Fourth Division. The team just missed out on earning back-to-back promotions, by finishing in 4th place, just 3 points behind 3rd-placed Charlton Athletic.
Squad at the start of the season
Review
Following the successful promotion campaign from Division Four, many fans were hoping for a quick return to Division Two. After a shaky start, in which it took Town 5 games to win a match, but they started a charge up the Division 3 table, with a run of 5 straight wins between 30 September and mid-October. Then followed a mid-period of mediocrity, which led onto a run of 12 matches unbeaten including a win against Barnsley, watched by nearly 30,000 people.
After losing two games on the trot to Reading and Swindon Town, they went on a run of 6 matches unbeaten which included a 5–0 win against Exeter City. They then lost against Millwall, Burnley and Hull City ended Town's promotion hopes, despite beating both Portsmouth and Fulham at the end of the season to finish in 4th place.
Squad at the end of the season
Results
Division Three
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Appearances and goals
1980-81
English football clubs 1980–81 season
A promotion is the advancement of an employee's rank or position in an organizational hierarchy system. Promotion may be an employee's reward for good performance, i.e., positive appraisal. Before a company promotes an employee to a particular position it might ensure that the person is able to handle the added responsibilities by screening the employee with interviews and tests and giving them training or on-the-job experience. A promotion can involve advancement in terms of designation, salary and benefits, and in some organizations the type of job activities may change a great deal. The opposite of a promotion is a demotion.
Elements
A promotion involve advancement in terms of designation, salary and benefits, and in some organizations the type of job activities may change a great deal. In many companies and public service organizations, more senior positions have a different title: an analyst who is promoted becomes a "principal analyst"; an economist becomes a "senior economist"; or an associate professor becomes a "full professor". The amount of salary increase associated with a promotion varies a great deal between industries and sectors, and depending on what parts of the hierarchical ladder an employee is moving between. In some industries or sectors, there may be only a modest increase in salary for a promotion; in other fields, a promotion may substantially increase an employee's salary.
The same is true with benefits and other privileges; in some industries, the promotion only changes the title and salary, and there are no additional benefits or privileges (beyond the psycho-social benefits that may accrue to the individual). In some not-for-profit organizations, the values of the organization or the tightness of funding may result in there being only modest salary increases associated with a promotion. In other industries, especially in private sector companies, a promotion to senior management may carry a number of benefits, such as employee stock options, a reserved parking space, a corner office with a secretary, and bonus pay for good performance. The degree to which job activities change varies between industries and sectors. In some fields, even after an employee is promoted, they continue to do similar work. For example, a policy analyst in the federal government who is promoted to the post of senior policy analyst will continue to do similar tasks such as writing briefing notes and carrying out policy research. The differences may be in the complexity of the files that the individual is assigned to or in the sensitivity of the issues that they are asked to deal with. In other fields, when an employee is promoted, their work changes substantially. For example, whereas a staff engineer in a civil engineering firm will spend their time doing engineering inspections and working with blueprints, a senior engineer may spend most of their day in meetings with senior managers and reading financial reports. In symphony orchestras, when a musician such as a violinist is promoted to the position of concertmaster, their duties change substantially. As a violin player, the individual played the music as part of the violin section. As a concertmaster, the individual plays solo parts, decides on the bowings and interpretation of the music, and leads the violins during performances.
Different organizations grant the hiring and promoting managers different levels of discretion to award promotions. In some parts of the private sector, the senior management has a very high level of discretion to award promotions, and they can promote employees without going through many procedures or formalities such as testing, screening, and interviewing. In the public sector and in academia, there are usually many more checks and balances in place to prevent favoritism or bias. In many Western public service bodies, when a manager wants to promote an employee, they must follow a number of steps, such as advertising the position, accepting applications from qualified candidates, screening and interviewing candidates, and then documenting why they chose a particular candidate. In academia, a similar approach is used, with the added safeguard of including several layers of committee review of the proposed promotion using committees which include members of other faculty and experts from other universities.
See also
Peter Principle
Ethnic penalty
Glass ceiling
Organizational theory
Motivation
Personnel economics
Ginestra Bianconi is a network scientist and mathematical physicist, known for their work on statistical mechanics, network theory, multilayer and higher-order networks, and in particular for the Bianconi–Barabási model of growing of complex networks and for the Bose-Einstein condensation (network theory) in complex networks .  They are a professor of applied mathematics at Queen Mary University of London, and the editor-in-chief of Journal of Physics: Complexity.
Education and career
Bianconi earned a laurea in physics from Sapienza University of Rome in 1998, advised by Luciano Pietronero, and a PhD from the University of Notre Dame in 2002, advised by Albert-László Barabási.
After postdoctoral research at the University of Fribourg in Switzerland and the International Centre for Theoretical Physics in Italy, they became an assistant professor at Northeastern University in 2009. They moved to Queen Mary University of London in 2013, and became professor there in 2019. Since 2018 they are an Alan Turing Fellow at the Alan Turing Institute.
Book
Bianconi is author of the books Multilayer Networks: Structure and Function (Oxford University Press, 2018). and Higher-Order Networks: An introduction to Simplicial Complexes (Cambridge University Press, 2021).. They also coedited the book Networks of Networks in Biology (Cambridge University Press, 2021)
Honours
Bianconi was awarded in 2020 with the Network Society Fellowship
References
External links
Home page at QMUL
Home page at Alan Turing Institute
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Italian mathematicians
21st-century Italian physicists
Women mathematicians
Italian women physicists
Mathematical physicists
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
Northeastern University faculty
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
William Danielstoun or Dennestoun was keeper of Linlithgow Palace for James V of Scotland.
Danielstoun was made keeper of Linlithgow Palace on 19 November 1540, replacing Thomas Johnston. Their annual fee was £50 Scots.
They were a Bailie of Linlithgow and Sheriff-depute of Linlithgowshire. They found some gold coins in Linlithgow in 1540. James V granted them lands in Linlithgow on 6 December 1542, presumably rewarding them for their work at the palace for their wife. This was one of the last grants made by the king before their death.
Thomas Johnson had been supervising repair works at the palace. In April 1541, Danielstoun was paid for bringing timber to prop up the north quarter of the palace. This part of the building eventually collapsed in 1607. Danielstoun completed some of the palace chimneys and re-roofed the chapel.
Mary of Guise came to the palace for their confinement when pregnant with Mary, Queen of Scots and remained at Linlithgow until July 1543 when they moved to Stirling Castle. Details of their household at Linlithgow were recorded in the Latin household books of Regent Arran and the French records of the queen's household, including an allowance of coal and soap for their linen laundress Margaret Balcomie, repairs to make the fountain flow in June 1543, and furnishings packed for the move to Stirling.
After Mary, Queen of Scots, left the palace, Regent Arran made Matthew Hamilton, and then Robert Hamilton of Briggis, Keeper and Captain of Linlithgow Palace in August 1543.
They had a son, James.
John Danielstoun, Parson of Dysart
Their brother, John Danielstoun, was Parson of Dysart. After the death of James V, the wardrobe servant John Tennent delivered pictures from the royal collection to John Danielstoun on the orders of Regent Arran. The pictures taken by Danielstoun included Adam and Eve and other unspecified subjects. Danielstoun left behind a picture of Our Lady worked in silk and gold, and a picture of Lucretia.
Robert Danielstoun, Parson of Dysart (1551-1573) wrote an inscription in a book now held by the University of Aberdeen, "Robertus Danyelston a Dysert et amicorum. Spes fove". The motto "spes fove" was used by one of the clerks writing the household accounts of James V.
References
Keepers of Linlithgow Palace
16th-century Scottish people
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Iowa, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1846, Iowa has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections prior to 1860
See also
Elections in Iowa
Notes
References
Auriculectomy is the surgical removal of the ear due to disease or trauma, generally followed by rehabilitation involving an ear prosthesis.
References
Surgical removal procedures
Bokor is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Soumili Biswas is a Bengali film and television actor, model, TV anchor, and a classical danseuse. Them first feature film, Alo, was released in 2003, where they play a supporting role. They started as the anchor of non-fiction, student-based show in Tara Bangla named Syllabus-e nei. In 2007, they played the role of Durga in ETV Bangla's Durge Durgatinashini.  They are currently serving as a mentor in Zee Bangla most popular Bengali Dance Reality Show Dance Bangla Dance Season 11.
They Join Bharatiya Janata Party on 17 February 2021.
Personal life
They were born in Barisha/Behala, in south Kolkata, as the younger of two siblings. They have an elder brother, named Sujoy. They went to the Bidya Bharati Girls' School in Behala, Kolkata, and graduated in economics (honours) from the Jogamaya Devi College, a women's college of the University of Calcutta. They started training in Bharatnatyam from about the age of three, and received training under Thankamani Kutty and in ballet from Mamata Shankar. They regularly perform in dance dramas and in solo and group classical performances in Kolkata and elsewhere. They have received the Sangeet Ratna and the Sangeet Bibhakar awards in Bharatnatyam. They wed Ayan Ghosh, a banking professional in December 2012 in an arranged marriage.
Films
Alo (2003) - supporting
Gyarakal (2003) - Disha, supporting
Sangram (2005) - supporting
Asha (2006) - lead
Agnishapath (2006)
Bajimaat (2008) - supporting
U-Turn (2010) - lead
Agnisakshi (2011) - supporting
Teen Tanaya (2011) - supporting
Sudhu Tomake Chai (2013) - lead (Dipa)
Television
Jhum Ta Ra Ra (Zee Bangla)
Syllabus-e nei (Tara Bangla)
Kon Kanoner Phool (Zee Bangla)
Somoy (Ruposhi Bangla)
Byomkesh (Colors Bangla)
Joy Baba Lokenath (Zee Bangla) (later replaced by Srabanti Malakar)
Mahalaya
2007 ETV(Colors) Bangla Mahalaya Devi Mahisasurmardini
2008 DD Bangla Mahalaya Devi Mahisasurmardini
Reality Shows
Rannaghor (Zee Bangla)
Didi No. 1 (Zee Bangla)
Dance Bangla Dance as Mentor(Zee Bangla)
References
External links
Actresses in Bengali cinema
Living people
Actresses from Kolkata
Bengali television actores
Jogamaya Devi College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Indian television actores
Indian film actores
Female models from Kolkata
21st-century Indian actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Driftin' Blues" or "Drifting Blues" is a blues standard, recorded by Johnny Moore's Three Blazers in 1945. The song is a slow blue and features Charles Brown's smooth, soulful vocals and piano. It was one of the biggest blues hits of the 1940s and "helped define the burgeoning postwar West Coast blues style". "Driftin' Blues" has been interpreted and recorded by numerous artists in various styles. The Blues Foundation Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame have acknowledged the influence and lasting popularity of the song.
Background
In an interview, Brown recalled that "Driftin' Blues" was "the first song that I wrote down and tried to sing". Music critic Dave Marsh noted that Brown wrote it while still in high school. Rhythm-and-blues singer Johnny Otis, who was in Bardu Ali's band with Brown in Los Angeles in the early 1940s, recalled that Brown was reluctant to record the song. Brown's inspiration for the tune was a gospel song their grandmother had taught them and they felt uneasy about mixing gospel and blues; Otis and others helped convince them to go ahead with it. An earlier blues song, "Walking and Drifting Blues", recorded by Bumble Bee Slim in 1935, includes the lyric "Now I'm driftin', like a ship without a sail". The music writer Bryan Grove noted that Brown's original working title for the song was the same and that, although they were influenced by Slim's lyrics, the songs are otherwise dissimilar.
After their stint with Ali, Brown joined the guitarist Johnny Moore and the bassist Eddie Williams. As Johnny Moore's Three Blazers, they were modeled on the Nat King Cole Trio (Moore's brother, Oscar Moore, was Cole's guitarist). They became a popular attraction at Hollywood-area nightclubs, and their style came to be known as "club blues". In contrast to jump blues, which was popular in dance halls, the style was suited to a more intimate musical setting.
Recording and release
"Driftin' Blues" was a feature of Johnny Moore's Three Blazers' club repertoire. Their performances of the song were well received and led to a recording contract with Philo (soon to become Aladdin) Records. They recorded four songs at their first recording session, on September 14, 1945. To round out the trio's sound, Brown invited Otis to sit in on drums. Otis recalled that Brown used a different approach for "Driftin' Blues": "he poured their heart into the record—not in the Nat Cole manner—but in that deep and soulful style that soon had many young R&B singers trying to sound like him". Brown's vocal has also been described as "plaintive", as "lush, mellifluous", and having a "laconic grace and soothing timbre".
The song follows a twelve-bar blues chord progression and is performed at a moderately slow tempo (72 beats per minute) in the key of E (notated in 12/8 time). The instrumentation, including Moore's electric guitar solo, is understated and reflects the influence of post–World War II cool jazz. Brown described it as "a kind of melancholy type of blues, with feeling" that allowed them to tell more of a story than traditional blues. The lyrics deal with lost love, but they also reflect the alienation felt by many southern African Americans in post-war American northern and western cities:
The song is credited to Brown, Moore, and Williams, although several commentaries discuss it as Brown's composition. According to Brown, Moore's and Williams' names were added without their consent and, being unfamiliar with copyright law, they did not challenge it. They also claimed that the group signed away their financial interest in the song for $800 and a vague promise of a share in future revenues by Philo Records. Despite having one of the biggest R&B hits of the 1940s, the group never received any additional compensation. Brown called it "the biggest mistake we ever made in our lives".
"Driftin' Blues" became a hit, spending twenty-three weeks on the Billboard Most-Played Juke Box Race Records chart. The song reached number two and "emerged [as] one of the top selling black records in 1945 and 1946". The song is included on numerous Brown compilation albums, such as the Philo–Aladdin compilations The Complete Aladdin Recordings of Charles Brown and Driftin' Blues: The Best of Charles Brown. It is also included on many collections by various artists, such as the box sets Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues: A Musical Journey and The Blues: A Smithsonian Collection of Classic Blues Singers.
Recognition and legacy
"Driftin' Blues" was inducted into Blues Hall of Fame in 1989 in the category "Classics of Blues Recording", which noted that it was "one of the records that helped define the burgeoning postwar West Coast style of smooth 'lounge blues'". In 1995, it was included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame list of "500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll". During their career, Brown re-recorded the song and variations on it several times. In 1969, an updated version "came off as new, thanks to Earl Hooker's inspired slide work", according to biographer Sebastian Danchin. It is included on the album Legend! (Bluesway Records).
The song became a blues standard, and renditions have been performed and recorded by numerous artists. Some follow the original arrangement, while others interpret it differently. As early as 1946, a young Ray Charles played it regularly. They recalled, "Charles Brown was a powerful influence on me in the early part of my career, especially when I was struggling down in Florida. I made many a dollar doing my imitation of their 'Drifting Blues'. That was a hell of a number".
"Driftin' Blues" entered the charts again in 1968, when Bobby "Blue" Bland recorded it. Their version reached number 23 during a stay of eleven weeks on the Billboard R&B chart and also entered the broader Billboard Hot 100 at number 96.
See also
Billboard Most-Played Race Records of 1946
Notes
References
1945 songs
1945 singles
Charles Brown (musician) songs
1968 singles
Bobby Bland songs
Ray Charles songs
Blues songs
