Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The driver suspected of leaving ten people dead and injuring 15 others in Toronto praised a British mass killer just minutes before he ploughed into his victims.
Alek Minassian, the man accused of steering a white rental van down a packed street, lauded Elliot Rodger who shot dead six people in a massacre near the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Just before the attack on Monday, Minassian wrote on his Facebook page: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun!"
"We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
'Incel' is a term describing men who are celibate because women refuse to sleep with them while 'Chad' is a term used to refer to sexually active men among the incel community.
(Image: Splash)
The posts have not been independently verified to be Minassian's but they bear the same photo on his LinkedIn page.
Before London-born Rodger carried out his attack in 2014, he penned a 141-page manifesto detailing how girls had "rejected" him, and also posted a video online describing how he envied more successful men and wanted to punish them for their sexual activity.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Minassian's post fuelled speculation about what caused him to drive into a lunch-hour crowd along a roughly mile-long stretch of pavement packed with pedestrians.
Video taken of the driver's arrest shows the suspect telling police to shoot him.
At one point he is seen pointing a dark object at officers who can be heard telling him to get down on the ground.
“Kill me,” he tells police. “I have a gun in my pocket.”
Armed cops warn him if he doesn't get on the ground, they will fire.
“Shoot me in the head,” he tells them.
The officers arrested the driver without firing any shots.
(Image: Twitter/ @vce7)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Today he appeared in court in Toronto where he was charged with ten counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, wore a white jail jumpsuit and had his hands handcuffed.
He showed little emotion and was asked to say his name and if he understood an order not to have any contact with anyone injured in Monday's attack.
He did not enter a plea to the charges and was ordered to return to court on May 10.
Minassian's appearance came as the first victim to be identified by police was named as Anne Marie D'Amico.
She was an employee at Invesco investment management firm, which has its headquarters on Yonge Street where the attack occurred.
(Image: Facebook)
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, confirmed her death.
"Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event," Intraligi said.
"I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries.
"Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Colleagues at the firm have been devastated by the loss of D'Amico who was described as "full of life, loved to travel, loved to help volunteer."
"She was a very warm, friendly presence in the office," colleague Jon Tam said.
"Always smiling. I'll definitely be missing seeing that smile around the office."
The campaign against RT in Britain amounts to McCarthyism and is, journalist and documentary filmmaker John Pilger told RT."I have done work for RT, the former head of the Scottish Parliament Alex Salmond has a program on RT," Pilger said, adding that the channel has some "very distinguished" people working for it.he added. "It is a part of this propaganda, of this carefully constructed drama, of trying to discredit RT."He spoke specifically of RT London, "which I know very well, as I'm often there." Pilger said RT is run by "highly experienced, respected people" who previously worked for other major outlets, including the BBC.He called the campaign against RT by British media a "disgrace," and said part of the reason for the "drama in Salisbury" is to block a critical view - a move that he said is reminiscent of what happened during the Cold War.Pilger's comments about Salisbury were made in reference to the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter on March 4.In a separate interview with RT, Pilger said that most people in the UK and the US don't understand the "dangers of this propaganda."he said. "I'm a journalist who spent almost all my career working in the mainstream in Britain, and this is a propaganda campaign promoted specifically in the media and in the government."The journalist also noted that Russia's active Novichok program - the nerve agent that Moscow has been accused of using in the attack on Skripal - wasAs Britain points the finger at Russia, Pilger reminded that the UK has its own history with nerve gas and chemical weapons. He referenced the, the center responsible for identifying the nerve agent used in the attack, which also happens to be located just a few miles from where Skripal and his daughter were found after falling ill. He recalled the Independent newspaper revealing in 2015 that Porton Down had been behind the government's experimentation of nerve gas agents on British citizens, including on the tube in London.He also said that Britain's blame game over Skripal's poisoning is part of wider propaganda aimed at justifying NATO "ringing" Russia with missiles. "This is... part of the propaganda campaign that's been building for several years in order to justify the actions of NATO, Britain, and the US towards Russia. That's a fact," Pilger said.Pilger also noted that the UK has failed to heed Russia's request for a sample of the nerve agent allegedly used in the attack on Skripal. "Russia's request for a sample of this nerve agent has been turned down. British police have made no commentary on this, this is extraordinary. So you have an attempted murder, you have a crime scene, and you have no evidence."In addition to having no evidence, Pilger also said there was no motive.
Both Dongfeng's teams secure a podium finish at Spi Ouest
Dongfeng Race Team at the 39th Spi Ouest France © Thomas Brégardis / Ouest France Dongfeng Race Team at the 39th Spi Ouest France © Thomas Brégardis / Ouest France
by Dongfeng Race Team today at 10:02 pmA familiar face on the series he created some 20 years ago, Nicolas Groleau took the win, but it wouldn't have taken much for the Dongfeng men and women to upset the usual hierarchy. Indeed, the crew skippered by Marie Riou finished second, just three points shy of the top spot, closely followed by the crew skippered by Charles Caudrelier. Beyond the ranking, this ‘Spi Ouest' proved to be an enjoyable interlude for the team on the long road to the Volvo Ocean Race.Marie Riou, skipper of Dongfeng Race Team 2: “We're happy to finish second, though it's a little frustrating as we were still in with a chance of winning the last race at one point, but it didn't pan out like that in the end. That's how it goes and we're really very happy with the result. We've progressed a little more each day and it definitely showed yesterday.”Charles Caudrelier, skipper Dongfeng Race Team 1: “It was a good regatta with a lot of races, a lot of fun and a good training session for our team. After two good first days, we (DFRT 1) suffered a poor day yesterday. The girls (DFRT2) had an excellent day on Sunday, but the only race today just wasn't enough. Otherwise, we worked well, managed to raise our game and had a degree of surety in the race zone, so it was very good.”
Pascal Bidégorry, DFRT 1: “It's been a long time since I've raced at Spi Ouest. It's always just as fun and interesting and it was great to have the two Dongfeng crews racing against each other.'
Carolijn Brouwer, DFRT 2: “We had a blast. Our objective was to beat Charles and the boys' boat, so from that aspect it was a success (laughs)! We've also made good progress in terms of speed, on-board communication and tactics, so our efforts have paid off nicely. When you're in race format, the pressure increases with the excitement and the adrenaline, so it's really good to see how everyone reacts in these situations.”
Jackson Bouttell, DFRT 1: “We have all had a great time working together, racing together and learning from each other. The links between this race and the Volvo Ocean Race may seem pretty tenuous but there are many aspects the team can take away from this.'
Daryl Wislang, DFRT 1: “It's been good to race with the team. Maintaining the competitive aspect is a key point in our preparation for the Volvo Ocean Race. Every start and every race situation counts and helps us to further raise our game. We can feel satisfied with the way we've sailed the boat this week.”
After one week's rest, the sailors from Dongfeng Race Team will resume raining again in Lorient aboard the Volvo Ocean 65 monohull Dongfeng. The next race is Cowes Week and the Fastnet Race in early August.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/153104
1 - (28 points) - Bretagne Telecom, N. Groleau2 - (31 points) - Dongfeng Race Team 2, M. Riou3 - (33 points) – Dongfeng Race Team 1, C. Caudrelier4 - (40 points) - Cool Runnings, T. Juncker5 - (56 points) – Open Bar - Le Carre, S. Thetiot6 - (64 points) – Team-Sog/Sepop Morbihan, M. Guillemot7 - (65 points) – Faun Environnement, A. Godart-Philippe8 - (75 points) – Qualiconfort Isolation, M. Leys9 - (79 points) – Lopamael, F. Duthil10 - (111 points) – Ossian, F. Costes11 - (116 points) – Open Your Eyes, D. Poisson12 - (124 points) – Trez Open, D. Goubault13 - (133 points) – Red Bill, H. Vincent
At present, India imposes 60% customs duty on import of completely-built electric cars priced less than $40,000. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: The US-based electric car major Tesla is in discussion with Indian government seeking relief on import duties till a local factory is built here, according to the company's CEO Elon Musk.
Earlier this year, Musk had stated that he was hoping for Tesla to enter India this summer with its products, which has so far not materialised.
“In discussion with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built,” Musk said in a tweet.
At present, India imposes 60% customs duty on import of completely-built electric cars priced less than $40,000.
If the electric car is assembled in India, the customs duty on the completely knocked down units is 10 per cent. If the value of the imported car is more than $40,000 the customs duty is 100%.
Replying to Musk's tweet, Paytm founder Vijay Shekhar asked if there was an option to import some right hand drive Model X in India and indicated that, if so he would pay full duties.
Last year in April, Tesla had stated that it planned to enter India with its Model 3 in 2017 while it began global rollout of the vehicle in late 2016.
Model 3 is Tesla's most affordable car yet and achieves 215 miles of range per charge while starting at $35,000 before incentives.
The company's other models include Model S and Model X. Musk has been showing increasing interest in the country of late and had earlier this month tweeted about India's commitment to sell only electric cars by 2030. “It is already the largest market for solar power,” he had tweeted.
Mahindra group Chairman Anand Mahindra responded to Musk's tweet in a lighter vein saying, “time you got out here Elon. You don't want to leave that whole market to Mahindra do you?? The more the merrier- and greener..!”
Shares of Asian Paints fell 0.55% or Rs5.25 on the BSE to close at Rs1,128.1, while the benchmark Sensex gained 0.62% to close at 33,455.79 points.
Mumbai: Asian Paints Ltd on Monday said it has acquired the remaining 49% stake in kitchen solutions provider Sleek International Pvt. Ltd from the Ahuja family for Rs50 crore.
In August 2013, Asian Paints had acquired 51% stake in Sleek International for around Rs120 crore. With the latest acquisition, Sleek International has become a 100% subsidiary of Asian Paints.
In a stock exchange filing, Asian Paints said, “the company has purchased the balance stake in Sleek from the Ahuja family and the shareholders agreement dated 8th August, 2013 with the Ahuja family has been terminated. Sleek has now become the wholly-owned subsidiary of the company.”
Sleek International is engaged in the business of manufacturing, selling and distributing kitchens, kitchen components including wire baskets, cabinets, appliances and accessories.
Sleek International had a revenue of Rs157.62 crore in fiscal 2017, up 17% from the previous fiscal.
Shares of Asian Paints fell 0.55% or Rs5.25 on the BSE to close at Rs1,128.1, while the benchmark Sensex gained 0.62% to close at 33,455.79 points.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I hear plenty of complaints about dodgy broadband deals but this one is a first.
James lives in a remote part of Norfolk without access to a fast broadband connection.
Last year his neighbour popped round to say that he had just paid for a dedicated leased line to his home – and offered to hook James up to it.
It was the news he had been waiting for but it did come with a catch.
His neighbour asked for a payment of £50 a month to use the connection.
James didn't mind this. The next day he was presented with a contract and it was explained that this committed him to a rental of 24 months.
He was asked for an initial payment of £250 to cover the cost of running a cable to James' house. James signed the contract and paid the money.
All has been well with the arrangement but there is now a major sting in the tail.
And then....
James' neighbour has just told him that he is increasing the rental to £85 a month.
James has responded by saying he did not agree this. In response, his neighbour has highlighted that the contract says “£50 per calendar month or such other amount as the supplier [James's neighbour] determines”
James therefore contacted me to ask if his neighbour can get away with this. The short answer is no, for two reasons.
Firstly, you cannot supply a broadband connection to a consumer unless you are approved to do so by Ofcom.
The contract James has with his neighbour is therefore unenforceable as its illegal due to being in breach of the Communications Act 2003.
Secondly, if the contract had been binding, the clause allowing James' neighbour to increase the fees ‘at will' without James' consent would not have been binding as it would be classed as an unfair term.
This highlights that not all contracts are legally binding. If you're stuck in a nightmare deal, it's worth getting it checked out.
James' story is one I've never heard before so I wonder if it is happening elsewhere.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Much like Liverpool themselves, Emre Can have been having an up-and-down season.
When the Reds have been on form, such as in the 4-2 Champions League win over Hoffenheim in which Can scored twice, the German midfielder has been very good.
But then there's always a show of inconsistency around the corner, like in the 1-1 Champions League draw at Spartak Moscow in which Can's error led to the hosts' goal.
(Image: Andrew Powell)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
One team that wouldn't be inconsistent, however, is the best XI that Can named for Liverpool's official website recently.
Made up of players who he has played both with and against, it is a team that would certainly be a match for anyone.
Goalkeeper: Manuel Neuer
(Image: Getty Images South America)
Right-back: Philipp Lahm
(Image: Alexandra Beier)
Centre-back: Jerome Boateng
(Image: AFP)
Centre-back: Sergio Ramos
(Image: AFP)
Left-back: David Alaba
(Image: REUTERS)
Right midfield: Arjen Robben
(Image: REUTERS)
Centre midfield: Steven Gerrard
(Image: John Powell)
Centre midfield: Philippe Coutinho
(Image: Liverpool via Getty Images)
Left midfield: Franck Ribery
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Centre forward: Cristiano Ronaldo
(Image: REUTERS)
Centre forward: Lionel Messi
(Image: David Ramos)
So there we have it. Not a bad side, huh?
It's packed with Bavaria's ruthlessness, dominated by Liverpool's energy and skill in midfield and topped off with mouthwatering Ronaldo-Messi attack.
You've picked well, Emre!
Watch the full video from Liverpool's official YouTube channel here:
P&R lob to Capela causes Billy Donovan to tell Mo Cheeks, "Can't play Kanter." pic.twitter.com/4ROFSNpFw6 — Yaya Dubin (@JADubin5) April 17, 2017
The Houston Rockets blew the doors off of the Oklahoma City Thunder during Game 1 of their series on Sunday night, 118-87. James Harden was his predictably dynamic self, scoring 37 points. Patrick Beverley chipped in an unexpected 21. The Rockets shot 49.5 percent from the floor and were able to get good looks from deep, from inside and anywhere inbetween.
In short, it was a long night for coach Billy Donovan and the Thunder braintrust as they tried to figure out a way to stop the bleeding.
Donovan appeared to come to a public realization after Clint Capela finished a pick-and-roll with an easy dunk. That realization?
Can't play Kanter.
Kanter did play 16 minutes and was a -10, which is actually decent compared to the -22 Steven Adams posted in 28 minutes. Who can Donovan play?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle and Victoria Beckham are said to have bonded after Posh provided the US star with a list of exclusive London salons to visit.
It's been claimed the pair have even met in secret after Meghan left behind her life in Toronto for her new life with Harry in the capital.
“Meghan has been really pleased with Victoria's beauty recommendations and has her to thank for meeting new friends in London," a source said.
(Image: REUTERS)
“They have grown close and regularly text after Victoria told Meghan to visit Sarah Chapman, who bills herself ‘London's most sought-after facialist'. Meghan trusts and appreciates her advice."
A 90 minute facial courtesy of Sarah will set you back £600 - and that's if you can get on the waiting list.
Posh is also said to have recommended her Knightsbridge hair salon, Hershesons, to the actress.
The source added to The Sun: “She is even thinking about using Victoria's hairdresser over the Christmas period.”
(Image: Getty Images)
Back in October, a source told Woman magazine that Victoria was keen to design Meghan's wedding dress.
“Victoria's dream is to design Meghan's wedding dress – and she's determined to achieve it,” they reportedly said.
Adding: “Victoria is a very savvy businesswoman. She knows that getting Meghan on board early on would be an all-round winner for her and her brand – it would be as good as receiving the royal seal of approval on her designs."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It comes as it was reported that Meghan would be making her first official visit to Buckingham Palace for a pre-Christmas dinner.
Royal officials have reportedly been briefed to expect the American actress this year.
With more than 50 royals in attendance, it will give Meghan, 36, a chance to meet Prince Harry's extended family after they recently revealed they are engaged and will get married in 2018.
The loved-up couple have also been invited to stay with his brother Prince William and wife Kate during the festive period.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The dinner is likely to be held on December 19 or 20 and Meghan will also be at the royal family's festive celebrations at Sandringham from Christmas Eve.
A royal source told the Express: "If Meghan is in the country then she will be at the lunch.
"Now Meghan is engaged to Harry, she's already considered part of the family.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"Plus it provides the perfect opportunity for her to meet some of the Prince's extended family, especially as she was not at the Queen and Prince Philip's 70th anniversary dinner last month."
It will be another break from tradition, as normally only husbands and wives are invited to the royal Christmas Eve celebrations.
But Harry reportedly asked his grandmother the Queen to make an exception this year.
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for Victoria and Meghan for comment.
Women returning to work post-pregnancy face both subtle and blatant discrimination. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Women returning to work post-pregnancy face both subtle and blatant discrimination. The challenges include indifference at the workplace, lack of family support and societal pressures, new research has found.
The study, Predicament Of Returning Mothers, conducted by Ashoka University's Genpact Centre for Women Leadership (GCWL), which will be released today, says women who decide to continue working post-marriage are often forced to take into account preferences such as job location, timings, work industry, etc.
Harpreet Kaur, director, GCWL, says the Indian workplace is skewed against women, and while there are few entry points for them, the exit gates are many—pregnancy, childbirth, childcare, elderly care, lack of family support, and an unsupportive work environment. Citing the findings of reports from the International Labour Organization, the National Sample Survey Office etc., Harpreet Kaur highlights that while 27% of women in the Indian workforce join work, about 48% drop out within four months of returning from maternity leave, 50% drop out mid-career before the age of 30 for childcare. Only 16% of senior leadership roles are held by women. “If these exit gates remain open, achieving the global goal of 50:50 of gender equality by 2030 will be challenging,” she argues.
The research surveyed women from Delhi and Bengaluru, between the ages 25-35. It included a mix of mothers with one or more than one child, those living in nuclear and joint families, and those from higher, middle and lower management levels. The women were from the private, not-for-profit, and media and communications sectors.
Mothers were divided into three cohorts: currently pregnant, women who have dropped out, and women who returned to work but are facing challenges. The study found challenges that were common to all cohorts, and manifested at four levels: individual, family, workplace, and social norms.
Bhavani Rao, Unesco chair (India) in women's empowerment and gender equality, says women face discrimination at all stages. She says there is always a greater reluctance among companies, especially tier 2 and tier 3 cities, to hire young women: They are apprehensive of both marriage and pregnancy. “Also, it is not just the policy; where is the support system for women to look after her child?” she says.
Malathi Lakshmikumaran, director and practice head, Lakshmikumaran & Sridharan (L&S) Attorneys, says the absence of family support makes re-entry into the workforce post-pregnancy difficult. “The problem I find in general is that if women take an absolute break, it is very difficult for them to come back. They have their peers up the ladder, and have missed something during the period, and that is a critical factor,” she adds.
From the employer's perspective, the study found that on an overall level, managers of all three sectors recognized the challenges of returning to work after pregnancy. “They validated that childcare and maternity are the key exit gates for women. They also agreed that demotions of returning mothers often lead to resignations,” the study says.
Lakshmikumaran, however, says that some women can be highly motivated, and take on the stress, both from the family and the workplace. “It is not appropriate to bracket the experience of all women together,” she adds.
Santosh Sharma has been appointed as chairman and managing director (CMD) of Hindustan Copper Ltd for a period of five years.
New Delhi: Santosh Sharma was on Monday appointed as chairman and managing director (CMD) of Hindustan Copper Ltd (HCL). He is currently director (operations) in the same company.
The appointments committee of the cabinet (ACC) has approved his appointment to the post for a period of five years, an order issued by the department of personnel and training (DoPT) said.
Emandi Sankara Rao has been appointed as managing director and chief executive officer (CEO) of Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) Ltd. He is at present working as director and CEO of IIFCL Asset Management Company Ltd. Rao has been appointed to the post for a period of three years, the DoPT order said.
The ACC has also approved appointment of Debasis Jana as CMD of Andrew Yule and Co. Ltd (AYCL), Kolkata. He is working as director (planning) in the same company. He will hold the post for five years, the order said.
This season of The Challenge has been one of the most thrilling yet and host TJ Lavin is about to throw the remaining competing members of the "Dirty 30" cast another curveball.
There's a challenge set up for them in Tuesday's all new episode, but they won't be the ones competing in it. TJ explains how the challenge works -- the players have to do whatever it takes to push each other off a small circular platform hanging 20 feet over Bianca Lake -- and then tells them it doesn't matter because they won't be the ones playing. The cast is immediately confused. Who else would come in to do the challenge instead?
Um, if we had to guess, we'd say it's the eight previously eliminated players that have been biding their time and plotting their revenge in the Redemption House since the beginning of the season. Of all the twists "Dirty Thirty" has pulled over the season, this one might be the absolute best.
The Challenge Creator Reflects on 30 Seasons of a Reality TV Dynasty
The return of the eliminated cast members is good news for one person. Tori, who said goodbye to her boyfriend Derek in episode 2, is probably really stoked to see him have a chance to return to the house. However, the chips on the exiled players' shoulders are going to be a major headache for people like Nelson and Jemmye who were responsible for Tony and Jenna's exits from the game respectively.
When Tony can keep the drinking to a minimum, he's a formidable opponent in this game. Everyone loves to hate on Jenna but she's actually one of the strongest female players and she saved Jemmye from her own stint in the Redemption House after the first challenge. Jemmye deciding to personally split up Jenna and Kailah's alliance is going to bite her in the ass if Jenna -- who is absolutely the strongest of the girls in the Redemption House -- finds her way back into the main competition.
The drama hits the fan on The Challenge: XXX The Dirty 30 on Tuesday at 9/8c on MTV.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Buying travel insurance may not be the most exciting part of booking a holiday but not having any, or taking out the wrong cover, can cost you thousands of pounds.
But that doesn't stop an estimated 10 million of us heading overseas without either the wrong cover or none at all.
Association of British Travel Agents chief executive Mark Tanzer said: “Every year we see cases of people falling into difficulty.
“While not declaring existing medical ­conditions or taking part in activities that aren't covered are easy mistakes to make, they can leave ­holidaymakers with medical bills that run into thousands of pounds.
“I'd urge all holidaymakers to make sure they take out travel insurance and check that it covers their ­circumstances and holiday plans.”
So, as part of our regular Need to Know series, we asked Fiona Macrae of Travelinsuranceexplained.co.uk to tell us what you need to consider...
When should I buy travel insurance?
You can buy a policy any time up until the day you jet off. However, you need to consider how much you have spent on the holiday and the fact you would lose that if you had to cancel your trip due to an accident or illness.
You are only covered from the actual day you take out insurance.
Do I have to inform the insurance company if I have a medical condition and take prescribed medication?
(Image: Getty)
Yes, this is very important. When taking out travel insurance you will be asked to declare any existing medical conditions and in some cases the type of medication you are being prescribed by your doctor.
You must be totally honest about all medical conditions, even those you consider are under control, which could be a high blood pressure issue or high cholesterol.
You should also tell the ­insurance firm of any ­reoccurring medical condition that you have, which needs prescribed medication, other treatment or both - generally within the past two years. If you fail to be fully upfront, you can face the risk of a medical claim being turned down right at the time when you are at your most vulnerable.
(Image: PayingTooMuch.com)
Do I still need to buy travel insurance if I have an EHIC (European Health Insurance Card)?
Though it may have the word ‘insurance' in the title, EHIC should never be considered a replacement for travel insurance. You need both to be fully covered.
EHIC only entitles you to access medical care at the same level as local citizens in EU ­countries, which may not be fully free, as it is with our NHS.
In many countries, people have to pay for many of the costs, such as an ambulance, nursing care and medication.
The EHIC will not cover the cost of bringing you back home in a medical emergency. Without insurance there is no financial help with this and being repatriated from Europe could cost you an eye-watering £28,000.
Many policies have excess, exclusions and levels of cover – what are they and how do they work?
The excess is your contribution to any claim you make. It usually applies to each person on the policy, for each claim made.
So a family of four making a claim for a cancelled trip would equal four excess amounts deducted from the total paid by the insurance company.
A simple rule of thumb is the cheaper the policy, the higher the excess you have to cough up.
Exclusions are things not covered by your policy, but you also need to check the limitations in cover too. Most travel insurance policies cover you for cancellation but many only cover for cancellation due to specific causes such as death, injury or illness of you or a travelling companion.
There are a few policies that offer more extensive cover such as ‘cancellation due to any cause beyond your reasonable control'. It's important to check these ­carefully so you know exactly what protection your policy offers. That way, you won't get any nasty surprises should you claim.
Levels of cover are the maximum amounts you will be covered for different types of claims such as loss of baggage and cancellation.
They vary from one policy to another, so double-check the levels are adequate for your needs. Also check the single item limits. For example, you may have £2,000 baggage cover but the single article limit for jewellery may only be £150.
How do I know if an insurance policy is right for me?
Travel Insurance is a very personal type of cover – there is no ‘one size fits all'. Think ­carefully about the cover you want and need. What's important to you?
It may be you are taking part in adventure activities, want to be protected for having to cancel your trip at the last minute due to an unforeseen reason, or you need higher cover for your luggage. You must make sure your policy fits the bill.
Always read policy documents. They can sometimes be the size of a small paperback but it's the only way to ensure you're buying something that's suitable.
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
The broadcasting legend believes WA teams will struggle to make the eight this year.
Maligned forward Chris Mayne is no certainty to play in Collingwood's season opener against Hawthorn at the MCG on Saturday night, despite a rash of injuries hitting the club.
Leading goal kicker Jamie Elliott will miss with an ankle injury and there are concerns over forward Alex Fasolo after off-season shoulder surgery.
Tyson Goldsack (knee), Daniel Wells (Achilles), Adam Oxley (shoulder) and Jordan De Goey (club ban) are unavailable, while Levi Greenwood (knee) and James Aish (calf) are doubtful.
Mayne, 29, endured a dramatic fall from grace during his debut season at Collingwood, playing the first three games before seeing out the year in the reserves.
His father, Steve, hit out at the club and coach Nathan Buckley via social media in September over their treatment of the former Fremantle pressure specialist, who joined the Magpies as a free agent on a four-year deal worth about $2 million.
Collingwood assistant coach Justin Longmuir said Mayne had worked tirelessly over the pre-season.
“He's been training really well,” he said.
“He's really brought that defensive pressure and intent to our training. At the moment, he hasn't done a lot wrong, but he's just going to have to be patient with an opportunity. If it comes, I'm sure he'll take it.”
Mayne is no guarantee to face the Hawks. Picture: AFL Media
Longmuir, who left West Coast at the end of last season to join Collingwood, is the Magpies' defensive coach and said he had been impressed by Darcy Moore since his move to the back line in the pre-season.
“He's really embraced the role, which is probably the No.1 thing when you shift positions,” Longmuir said.
“He's been willing to learn from not only me, but all of his fellow back men.
“If he can get his defensive positioning and his defensive attitude right, which he has so far, then that will allow his strengths to really come to the fore. I'm really excited by what he can do down there.
“If he embraces it and does well, it'll be a long-term thing for him.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Figure skater Evgenia Medvedeva has achieved a lot in her 18 years.
She's a two-time World Champion, a two-time European Champion, a two-time Grand Prix Champion, and a two-time National Champion.
Oh, and she won just about everything at junior level too.
Unbeaten in two years, in PyeongChang, South Korea, she's aiming to emulate her compatriot Adelina Sotnikova, who won gold in controversial circumstances in Sochi four years ago.
Based on talent alone, she has every chance of doing so.
Medvedeva featured among a Russian delegation that spoke to the International Olympic Committee on the day it ruled to ban Russia from Pyeongchang for doping.
She's one of 15 Russian figures who qualified for the Games.
Here's everything you need to know about the teenage sensation.
Who is Evgenia Medvedeva?
(Image: TASS)
A Moscow native, Medvedeva's mum was also figure skater.
According to reports, her parents were keen for her to take up the event to improve her figure.
Away from the rink, she's a self-professed fan of anime, particularly Sailor Moon and Yuri on Ice. She also likes the K-pop band EXO.
In 2017, she enrolled at the Russian State University of Physical Education, Sport, Youth and Tourism.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What is figure skating?
(Image: AFP)
Figure skating involves individuals, duos or groups performing on figure skates on ice.
It was the first winter sport to be included in the Olympics, back in 1908.
Is Evgenia Medvedeva likely to win a medal?
A broken metatarsal forced Medvedeva out of the Grand Prix and Russian nationals last year, but she's aiming to be back fit and firing in time for the Games in PyeongChang.
Her biggest obstacle will be fellow Russian, 15-year-old Alina Zagitova, who's enjoyed an impressive senior season - but she remains favourite to take gold.
Paris, July 4 - There is a high level of insecurity in the Italian labour market, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said Wednesday, placing Italy fourth on the issue behind Greece, Spain and Turkey. The OECD also placed Italy third for unemployment but said that a "positive trend in employment" would continue. Real incomes will however fall, it said. Less than one out of 10 unemployed Italians gets any form of benefit, the organisation said. OECD chief Angel Gurria said the Jobs Act labour market reform, which the government i set to overhaul, was a "huge" achievement and Italy "should preserve it".
© БИЗНЕС Online
Car owners in Siberia could be forgiven for thinking a biblical plague had descended upon their city, after finding their vehicles soaked by blood-colored rain in a Norilsk parking lot.Photos of the phenomenon showed the parking lot and cars coated in brownish-red residue from the rain. But the owner was quick to reassure everyone there's no calamity in store for the city. According to him,Norilsk Nikel, the company that owns the Nadezhdinsk plant, said people had nothing to fear. A spokesperson for the company told TASS news agency that they conducted a probe and established the cause of the incident.the spokesperson said.The copper rain was apparently limited to the immediate area around the factory.
Akshay Kumar in a still from‘Toilet: Ek Prem Katha'.
New Delhi: In his annual Independence Day outing, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha, which released last Friday, Akshay Kumar took on the sanitation crisis in India, opposing the long prevalent practice of open defecation with characteristic ease. Kumar, who has gradually come to espouse social causes in his films, is the newest face of the patriotic Bollywood hero who has gone from conventional to cool over the years. A look at the changing times and trends.
Manoj Kumar: Referred to as “Bharat Kumar”, the ultimate son of the soil, Kumar became the torchbearer of nationalistic themes in the 1960s and '70s. His undying love for India and all things and people Indian are best remembered in films like Shaheed (1965), a biopic on Independence revolutionary Bhagat Singh, his directorial debut Upkar (1967), besides Purab Aur Paschim (1970), Be-Imaan (172), Shor (1972), Roti Kapda Aur Makaan (1974) and Kranti (1981). More than 40 years later, he's still synonymous with a certain calling for one's motherland.
Aamir Khan: Best known for his occasional outing at the movies that redefine box office success, Khan has gone from playing the committed cop (Baazi, Sarfarosh) to pre-Independence historical characters (Lagaan, Mangal Pandey: The Rising) to the most urbane take there has been on patriotism, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Rang De Basanti (2006). Khan and his co-actors in Rang De Basanti brought citizen activism and vigilantism to the fore, establishing a lot of ground for the current scenario that encourages commoners to express dissent. His sports drama, Dangal, is the most recent milestone.
Shah Rukh Khan: The journey for Khan began with his own production, Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani (2000), a satirical take on corruption and co-mingling of media and politics. He took it a step further with Ashutosh Gowariker's Swades and Yash Chopra's Veer Zaara, both released in 2004 and finding their audience even years later. The peak, of course, remains Shmit Amin's Chak De! India (2007), India's favourite sports film that saw Khan play possibly his last memorable role, as the coach of the Indian women's hockey team, a Muslim forced by circumstances to prove his love for the country.
Ajay Devgn: In the early 2000s, Devgn played a series of fiercely patriotic characters, beginning with Rajkumar Santoshi's The Legend of Bhagat Singh (2002), which won him a National Award, and going on to films like Gangaajal (2003), Zameen (2003), LOC: Kargil (2003), Yuva (2004), Tango Charlie (2005), Rajneeti (2010) and Singham (2011). A more contemporary version of the angry young man, his love for the country was mostly manifest through action potboilers.
Akshay Kumar: The latest face of the conscientious Indian, Kumar first took on the mantle with Vipul Shah's 2007 romantic drama-comedy Namastey London, playing a rustic Punjabi husband to Katrina Kaif's London-bred wife. More recently, his thrillers like Gabbar Is Back, Baby, Airlift and Rustom have made him the poster boy of nationalistic pride and commitment. With Toilet already in theatres, he looks forward to the release of R. Balki's Padman, based on the life and work of Arunachalam Muruganantham, who came up with a low-cost sanitary napkin and attempted to spread awareness about menstrual hygiene in rural India, and Gold, a sports drama on the historic first Olympic medal that won as a free nation.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrified food hygiene inspectors were met with stomach-churning scenes as dead mice covered the floor of a filthy pizzeria.
As well as dead rodents, officers also found live mice scurrying around the kitchen while gloves used by dish washing staff were littered with droppings.
Rancid and rotting food and piles of rubbish were also found just inches from food preparation areas at Franco Pizza in Hoe Street, Walthamstow.
Council chiefs closed the premises immediately and the Hygiene Emergency Prohibition Order was confirmed at Thames Magistrates' Court last week.
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
But inspectors will allow Franco Pizza to reopen if it can make significant improvements.
A council spokesperson said: “Our officers have seen some horrendous sights in the course of their inspections, and this ranks amongst one of the worst.
“How any business owner can possibly think it's acceptable to serve food from a kitchen in a state like this is beyond me.
“The vast majority of restaurant and food business owners are conscientious and keep their premises clean and tidy.
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
“Our message to the minority who do not is clear: we will find you out and when we do we will close you down to protect the health of residents.”
Horrifying photos from the eatery show dead mice strewn across the filthy kitchen floor, alongside several black bags of unsorted waste.
An unidentified tub of food flecked with white mould can also be seen, as well as surfaces covered with mice droppings.
Diners can check the hygiene standards of any restaurant or takeaway they intend to visit using the Food Standards Agency website at ratings.food.gov.uk
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday held a meeting with other ministers and government officials for a review of the current Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) policy, informed sources said.
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, Power Minister Piyush Goyal, Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj attended the meeting, the sources said.
The official refused to give any details of the meeting.
The government has been considering further liberalising the FDI regime to attract foreign investments in various sectors, including 100 per cent FDI under the automatic route for the production in India of tanks, armoured vehicles and military transport aircraft.
Allowing 100 per cent FDI in single brand retail through automatic route is also said to be under consideration.
Currently, 49 per cent is allowed through automatic route and investments above that have to meet the condition of 30 per cent local sourcing though companies bringing in state-of-the-art technology have been given a relaxation from the proviso of local sourcing for a period of three years.
Increasing the FDI limit from 26 per cent to 49 per cent in print media is also said to be under consideration.
In 2016-17, the FDI inflows had hit a record $60.1 billion after the rules were relaxed in June 2016.
The government last year eased the foreign investments in aviation and defence up to 49 per cent by automatic route and 100 per cent through government approval. Seventy-four per cent FDI in pharmaceutical sector was allowed through the automatic route.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace has dismissed called for their popular cheerleaders to be axed.
It comes following the scrapping of walk-on girls at PDC Darts events and Formula 1's decision to bin grid girls.
Palace's Crystals are the only cheerleading troupe in the Premier League and have become synonymous with the club's pre-match and half-time entertainment at Selhurst Park.
Protesters have claimed that Palace should follow the lead of darts and motorsport officials by ditching their 'outdated' performers.
(Image: PA Archive)
(Image: PA Archive)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
One claimed on social media: "Should not Palace rethink the Crystals lovely young ladies but in the current climate it looks out of date."
But club officials have revealed that they will be ignoring the calls for change.
A Palace spokeswoman told the Daily Star: "We are proud of our association with them."
(Image: PA Archive)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA Archive)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
She added that the entertainers "raise substantial amounts of money for good causes."
The Crystals were brought into the club in 2010 following Steve Parish's takeover at Selhurst Park.
They also boast a large online presence, racking up millions views on YouTube.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Simon Grayson has ordered Lamine Kone to play well for Sunderland if he wants a £10m move back to the Premier League.
The defender's fine form amid a positive start to Sunderland's Championship campaign has put him back on a few clubs' hit-lists.
The Wearsider's won't stand in his way if a big bid is recieved and Grayson is relaxed about having his squad “vulnerable” to being poached.
Sunderland is on a high after beating Norwich away with Kone and Didier N'Dong, their other bankable player, excelling.
(Image: Sunderland AFC via Getty Images)
(Image: Ian Horrocks)
Grayson said: “While people are still here, if they're thinking about options to leave, play well and make that happen.
“Kone? I think he's up for the fight. By the sounds of it and the way he has played, he has looked very comfortable and shown his true quality.
“That's the same of Didier and all the rest of the lads as well. Ultimately it's about what they're doing while they're contracted for us.
(Image: Rex Features)
“While the window is still open every club will be vulnerable to deals but also looking to do deals. We're in the process of talking to clubs and that will be the case right up to the last minute. Martin Bain (MD) is dealing with the off the field stuff, and I'm concentrating on the games.
“I've got plans of x,y and z being here or not being here. You have to be one step ahead and aware of any eventuality. If we don't lose any players, I'll be more than happy, but you have to have plans in place in case something happens.
“While the window is still open, every club is vulnerable to players leaving.”
Cicada Rhythm are Going Places
Despite being rightly identified as two of the Athens area's most talented young champions of Americana, Cicada Rhythm's Andrea DeMarcus and Dave Kirslis serve up more than amped-up country songs on Everywhere I Go, out April 27th on New West Records.
That's not to say that Southern roots music isn't represented heavily. There are clear nods to folk-rock (“Roses By My Side”), country-rock (“Out Alive”), and other hyphenated subgenres that resulted from hippies discovering their home state or region's rich musical past. Hippies are said in a loving way here. They made bluegrass awesome in the '70s, and now something similar is happening for a broader range of Southern music traditions.
Elsewhere on the album, indie rock flair (“Shake Up” and “Do I Deserve It Yet”) provides modern reference points. Ideally, these songs attract listeners outside of roots circles, introducing them to the rest of the albums' source material.
It all works because both DeMarcus and Kirslis have dynamic singing voices. That's to say that before roots became all the rage, either could've sounded at home as traditionalists going against the grain like a Neko Case or as part of someone's snooty performance art project. Fortunately, the time is right for the duo to excel at the sort of outside-the-box folk interpretations that've made them, Jim White and others near Athens part of a larger roots revival scene.
Photo by Jason Huffer.
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput will feature as the leading man in the Hindi remake of the 2014 Hollywood hit The Fault In Our Stars.
To be produced by Fox Star Studios, the shooting of the project will commence from the first half of 2018. Casting director Mukesh Chhabra will make his directorial debut with the movie.
Chhabra said in a statement: “Yes, I am on board for The Fault in Our Stars remake. I'm working on the script at the moment. Sushant is the leading man and we are still in the process of casting the heroine.”
The Hollywood movie received worldwide recognition with strong critical and commercial success for its portrayal of a sensitive and unique love story that blossoms between the two lead characters. The film traces the life of a young girl suffering from cancer, who subsequently meets a boy at a support group and falls in love with him.
Based on the novel by John Green, it was directed by Josh Boone and produced by 20th Century Fox.
Sushant, next will be seen in Kedarnath. T-Series, KriArj Entertainment, Guy In The Sky Pictures in association with Balaji Motion Pictures are presenting Kedarnath, directed by Abhishek Kapoor who is fondly known in the industry as Gattu.
Trending :
Abhishek, who is also a producer on this film, said in a statement: “This coalition of producing partners has added tremendous value to our film, and we are grateful and excited to have their backing.”
The film is a love story set against the holy temple town of Kedarnath, and the makers are hoping to release it in the summer of 2018.
Bhushan Kumar of T-Series said: “Kedarnath is a very prestigious film. It's a love story set in the land of Shiva, of whom, I am a strong believer. My devotion towards Lord Shiva is utmost and this further makes this film very special.”
Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Harvey Weinstein Go Back 3 Decades NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Kim Master, host at KCRW and editor-at-large at The Hollywood Reporter, about the allegations against Weinstein that The New York Times reported.
Russia's Presidential Election Observers Were Pressured And Intimidated
Enlarge this image toggle caption OLGA MALTSEVA/AFP/Getty Images OLGA MALTSEVA/AFP/Getty Images
As Vladimir Putin won a fourth term on Sunday, reports have surfaced of election observers being harassed and intimidated that day and in the days leading up to the vote.
More than 1,300 foreigners reportedly served as election monitors in the presidential election which took place on March 18 and yielded a predicted win for Putin. Many observers came from places and political backgrounds that are friendly to the Russian government in an attempt "to create an international stamp of approval for the vote," reported The Guardian.
Sputnik, a Kremlin-backed news outlet, reported that observers judged the election to be "fair and transparent." But numerous independent media outlets found observers who said they saw violations.
A month before Russia's presidential election, observer David Kankiya was informed by the police that his car may have been used to commit a crime, Reuters reported. He was detained, charged with disobeying police and sent to jail for five days. "I was detained and charged on a false pretext," Kankiya told the news agency. "It's political pressure."
Police say Kankiya didn't produce identification during a routine check.
As the presidential election drew closer, Kankiya's car tires were slashed and pro-Kremlin journalists accosted him in two separate incidents, he told Reuters.
Kankiya is a coordinator at Golos, a non-governmental election watchdog that was labeled a "foreign agent" because it received foreign aid. Volunteers from Golos — a word which translates to both "vote" and "voice" — say when entering or leaving Russia, they are often stopped by border staff who accuse them of having terrorist links, according to Reuters.
Before the election, a Golos representative told The Guardian that police ripped up a contract to lease office space. The location was supposed to be a call center to receive reports of election violations. The representative said that police officers threatened the landlord of the building: "You shouldn't hold this event here or you'll have trouble." The Russian government denied involvement.
Police also attempted to stop activist observers from visiting polling stations, The Guardian reported. The officers raided headquarters of opposition figure Alexei Navalny, who was banned from the election, and they tried to seize documents that would give observers access to polling locations.
On the day of the election, indications that some observers were targeted cropped up. "Spoke to more observers who got beaten up by a mobile gang of toughs at polling stations," tweeted Financial Times Moscow correspondent Max Seddon. He described some of the election observers who were harmed:
By the end of the day, Golos said it registered more than 1,500 violations. There were ballot boxes that had papers in them before polls officially opened and video footage of ballot boxes being stuffed, according to Golos.
There were also reports that concerned the treatment of observers, including denying them access to polling stations, restricting them from taking photos and videos, limiting their ability to move around premises and removing them from polling stations.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, which requested 420 short-term observers to monitor polling stations, voting, ballot counts and results, will issue a final report of the entire electoral process in about eight weeks.
At a conference in Moscow on Monday, an OSCE election monitor described the presidential election as "overly controlled."
"Where the legal framework restricts many fundamental freedoms and the outcome is not in doubt, elections almost lose their purpose," said Michael Georg Link, director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights who led OSCE observers.
Crop-Destroying Birds Better Prey These Falcons Don't See Them
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esmy Jimenez/NWPB Esmy Jimenez/NWPB
It's feeding time at Brad Felger's farm in Washington's Skagit Valley. And he's about to feed 40 hungry falcons.
Yes, falcons.
They're an important, albeit often unseen, part of farming in some states, used as a defense mechanism to keep away pesky birds like starlings, which love to eat berries and apples.
Since age 12, Felger has had a self-described love for everything with feathers, scales or tails.
"Falconers are, what's the word I'm looking for ... eccentric," Felger says.
Now he runs Airstrike Bird Control as founder and CEO.
His business? Raptor abatement.
It's different than traditional falconry because rather than hunting quarry, he uses his falcons to scare off birds that can be bad news for crops.
In 2017, he employed about 30 falconers and used over 100 falcons (only about 25 of those are Felger's) to control troublesome crop-eaters.
According to research in the journal Crop Protection, in 2011 in Washington state alone, honeycrisp apple farmers lost nearly $3,000 per acre to birds eating their produce.
While nets can secure fruit trees and noisemakers can scare birds, there are drawbacks to each tool. Nets can be expensive, and birds can get used to noise-scare tactics.
But falcons?
"It's using nature against nature. And it's something birds never get used to," Felger says. "They never get used to an aggressive falcon flying toward them."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esmy Jimenez/NWPB Esmy Jimenez/NWPB
Felger's operation is non-lethal for the birds that the falcons scare away.
He flies his falcons all along the U.S. West Coast. In Washington, he starts with blueberry farms in May, then travels east, ending with vineyards in the Yakima Valley and Columbia Basin through the fall.
His operation is gaining popularity, especially with organic and eco-friendly farms.
Patricia Thompson is the falconry manager for the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. This season she permitted nearly 300 recreational falconers in the state. Thompson says she's noticed an uptick in this style of pest control.
"It feels like more people are getting into abatement falconry," Thompson said. "And it does seem to be more ecological to haze the birds off, rather than using pesticides."
Thompson isn't sure how many of those falconers practice abatement since the state doesn't offer those permits. That permit comes at the federal level through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
All states except Hawaii allow falconry. In other states, abatement falconers also work with landfill sites, golf courses and warehouses where birds can be a nuisance.
Thompson is quick to point out how intense falconry can be. It starts with a two-year apprenticeship, followed by an exam, and even a site visit where wildlife department officials examine facilities. She calls it a real lifestyle because the birds take so much time to care for and are in hunting-working relationships with their falconers.
At Fegler's farm, breeding season has already started. Next month, Felger is hoping to add 40 baby falcons to his cast of the hardworking birds of prey. Soon these little birds will start training to become the next generation of fruit-saving predators, maybe protecting a blueberry field or apple orchard near you.
This story comes to us from Washington-based member station Northwest Public Broadcasting. You can hear the original story here.
By The Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA (124)
Luwawu-Cabarrot 2-10 0-0 4, Saric 5-16 0-0 13, Johnson 5-7 5-5 16, Simmons 10-16 7-9 27, Redick 8-14 9-9 28, Holmes 6-11 0-0 12, Booker 5-9 6-7 16, Embiid 0-0 0-0 0, Bayless 1-7 0-0 3, Korkmaz 2-6 0-0 5. Totals 44-96 27-30 124.
NEW ORLEANS (131)
Moore 6-11 0-0 14, Davis 11-19 6-9 29, Cousins 7-10 7-9 23, Rondo 5-7 2-2 13, Holiday 11-21 7-8 34, Cunningham 3-4 2-4 10, Miller 2-4 0-0 5, Asik 0-0 0-0 0, Allen 0-0 0-0 0, Clark 1-4 0-0 3. Totals 46-80 24-32 131.
Philadelphia 26 29 40 29—124 New Orleans 32 34 21 44—131
3-Point Goals_Philadelphia 9-29 (Saric 3-6, Redick 3-7, Johnson 1-1, Korkmaz 1-4, Bayless 1-5, Holmes 0-1, Booker 0-1, Luwawu-Cabarrot 0-4), New Orleans 15-24 (Holiday 5-8, Cunningham 2-2, Cousins 2-3, Moore 2-4, Davis 1-1, Clark 1-2, Miller 1-2, Rondo 1-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Philadelphia 47 (Saric 11), New Orleans 33 (Cousins 9). Assists_Philadelphia 26 (Simmons 10), New Orleans 31 (Rondo 18). Total Fouls_Philadelphia 29, New Orleans 21. A_16,878 (16,867).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She became one of the UK's best known novelists, selling more than 120 million copies of the around 100 books she wrote throughout her life.
Inspired by her impoverished upbringing, Catherine Cookson wrote a lot about northern England and some of her most famous works were adapted for television.
But hidden behind the success, which also earned her being made a dame, was a woman who privately wrangled with mental and physical illnesses that caused her to eventually go blind, and struggled through the anguish of four miscarriages that led to an overwhelming depression.
Catherine was diagnosed with hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia, a rare vascular disease which caused bleeding from the fingers, nose and eyes. She had inherited the cruel condition from a father she never knew.
As she went to doctors they brushed aside her multiple miscarriages , some appearing to blame her, others having no time for the woman who was struggling to have the child she so desperately wanted.
When she was 42 and in hospital, struggling with mental illness, she was relegated to the scrapheap - laughed at when she asked if she could carry a baby if she stayed in hospital for nine months.
(Image: Daily Record)
(Image: NCJ Archive)
(Image: NEwcastle Chronicle)
The man she had asked said she was simply "past it."
Catherine started writing as therapy, launching a career that was to span decades and made her one of the most widely read novelists.
It took her more than a decade to recover from her mental illness, and her struggle is documented in her previously undiscovered but brutally honest memoir, Before I Go, that was found in her attic.
The memoir was part narrative, part diary entries and littered with hand written notes.
Also found in the attic of her home, which was left almost perfectly preserved, was a novella Saint Christopher and the Gravedigger, a satire set in the working class community of the north east.
Catherine was born in County Durham and brought up by her grandparents, believing her alcoholic mother Kate was in fact her sister until she was six.
She left school at 14 and worked in a workhouse before meeting a woman named Annie (Nan) Smith who lived with her and her mother. Nan was originally a friend and something of a mother figure, but turned out to be someone who persecuted her over her relationship with Tom, who she was later to marry.
Before I Go was found tucked away in her attic after her death in 1997 at the age of 91 and sheds light on Catherine's struggles, including her time with Nan and her marriage to Tom.
Emilie Marneur, Editor-in-Chief at Amazon Publishing UK, who worked with a team on putting together Before I Go, said: "I was astonished to realise how ill Catherine Cookson was throughout her life and struck by the strength and resilience that seeped through every page of this book.
"Here is a beloved writer, a national treasure, writing incredibly prolifically who experienced terrible trauma and anguish throughout her life and no one knew about it.
(Image: Handout, Publicity Picture)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
"The thing that jumped out at us was the total lack of support Catherine got from the medical profession – it had a huge impact on her state of mind and feels so pertinent today, when we're only just starting to understand mental health.
"She veered between doubting herself and what she was experiencing, feeling incredibly angry at the cavalier and dismissive attitude of her doctors, and wanting to get up and fight them.
"There's a wonderful scene where she argues with a doctor who suggests that her breakdown happened because she didn't have enough gumption. She bitingly replied that having gumption is the only reason she's got through any of it.
"That force of character is imbued throughout the book."
An extract from Before I Go
When did I become pregnant again? I've lost touch of the dates. Tom was in a state as I'd been warned not to let it happen. I was constantly bleeding from the nose and tongue – and then there was the cordite
poisoning. But I was determined to have a baby. When I had the house to myself, I sang. Moreover, I was now a commercial artist and doing drawings for J. Arthur Dixon of the Shanklin Press, Isle of Wight. at came about by uke, as I have explained elsewhere. All of the artists were at war and they were looking under the bottom of barrels – that's how I got my chance.
Now and again, we would entertain some of Tom's pals who were instructors alongside him in Madley – Joe Raine, Joe Golding and Reg Greatorex. I did sketches of them. It was one of the few pleasant times I experienced in that town.
en one morning, I was on my knees doing the hearth when I felt a click in my side. I gasped, covered my face with my hands and rocked myself like a Muslim at prayer, crying inside, ‘Oh, no, no. Please God, no.' But yes, I was to lose the third.
(Image: Press Association)
In hospital, just before they took me down, I said to the sister, ‘Sister, I . . . I have the habit of swearing when I come out of chloroform. Will you please put me where nobody can hear me?' I can see her throwing her head back and laughing as she said, ‘No, I won't. We want some entertainment here, and we only get that kind from parsons or priests.'
Following the loss, I became very low in myself. I was always tired and had a constant feeling of illness on me. I was also becoming full of self-pity for this girl who hadn't a father. Nothing that had happened to me would have happened if only I'd had a father. I recall trying to laugh myself out of it and saying, ‘Well, you must have had – you're no relation to the Holy Mother.'
"There were one or two light moments I can recall about that time. One was when I met one of the women from the munitions factory. She had the loudest mouth and the slowest hands on her long table. ‘Oh, Mrs Cookson,' she said. ‘You wouldn't like it back there now. You wouldn't be able to stand it. Everything's changed.'
Then she went on to describe the plan I'd sent in. I gurgled inside while sympathising with her . . .Religion was rearing its superstitious head again too. Was I being made ill because I was questioning the Catholic faith?
I went to the surgery. The doctor who saw me was youngish. If I remember rightly, he wasn't English and was of an impatient nature. He had no time for women he termed neurotic and who cried in his surgery.
Before I Go – A Memoir by Catherine Cookson is published by Lake Union, a division of Amazon Publishing. Available in paperback original and as a Kindle e-book priced £4.99/£3.98.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BANGOR, Mich. -- A Michigan school district official has resigned and several teachers have been disciplined after a video surfaced allegedly showing teachers and school staff playing a vulgar game at a bar.
In the game, one player names three people and the other players have to say which one they would marry, which they would have intimate relations with and which one they would kill.
The footage, which recently surfaced online, shows Bangor Public Schools staff members naming students and other teachers in the game, according to WXMI. Some were names of students with special needs.
Many parents at a school board meeting Monday night demanded a time to sit down and have more of their questions answered. They're also demanding the school board say whether or not they knew about the video before Monday.
Bangor Schools' attorney Robert Hubert announced there would be no further action taken against the staff members involved. Secretary to the Superintendent Patti Waite resigned Monday morning.
Two teachers were suspended and four other teachers were verbally reprimanded.
"It's disturbing to know that these are our educators," said parent Jennifer Prentice. "They are in charge of protecting our children, keeping our children safe, and the fact that they just blew that out of the water shows their character and shows that maybe they're not right for this job."
"It was heartbreaking," said Amanda Reprogal, parent of a 15-year-old in the district. "My heart sank, and I was disgusted."
Reprogal says her son, Treyson, was one of the students named in the video.
"You teach your kids to respect authority, and then how do you respect authority figures when they behave like that?" said Ronnie Booker, Treyson's father.
When asked why the teachers were allowed to keep their jobs, Hubert told WXMI, "We made our best assessment based on the facts, and reasonable minds can differ about things. This is our thought on what was best under the circumstances."
Hubert says the two teachers who were suspended will be on a probationary period for five years and closely watched.
"We're going to be following up and monitor how these teachers do," said Hubert. "I think they've learned their lesson from all of this."
ROANOKE, Va. - Let doctors decide. That was the decision by the Virginia General Assembly. About a week ago, Gov. Northam signed a bill providing protection for those using a form of medical marijuana into law.
Prevention professionals are concerned about the decision's potential effect on teens and those at risk of addiction.
"Potentially it could open up the floodgates so that we see more and more substances related to marijuana and its properties being approved for use," said Tracey Coltrain, director of the Roanoke Area Youth Substance Abuse Coalition.
House Bill 1251 relates to the use of CBD oil or THC-A oil. The two can now be recommended for any diagnosed condition or disease determined by a doctor. But Coltrain's concerned that lawmakers are making the decisions and not the FDA. She said the coalition is working to get the word out that the change of law does not legalize possession, it provides an affirmative defense in case a patient is found with oil and arrested.
"When you hear that cannabis oil is being approved for medical use, it can be confusing to people. So we want people to understand that marijuana is not being legalized in the state of Virginia," said Coltrain.
On the other side, medical marijuana advocates are celebrating. They said the oils can be life-changing for certain patients and are a better alternative to opioids.
"There are lots of people that I work with that are suffering from illnesses that CBD oil could really provide profound relief," said Katie Clifton, head of the Roanoke Valley NORML chapter.
If you are a patient considering using cannabis oils, there are steps you must take to follow the law and protect yourself because again, marijuana is still illegal.
Virginia NORML, a group working to reform marijuana laws, gave these steps for individuals who use the oils.
1. Print and fill out the official certification for the use of cannabidiol oil or THC-A oil from the Commonwealth of Virginia.
2. Take it to your doctor and ask him or her to sign it.
3. Keep the signed certificate with your oil at all times.
4. Present the certificate if questioned by law enforcement officers.
5. If your certificate is not accepted and you are charged with possession, call an attorney or ask for court-appointed counsel.
6. Present your signed certificate 10 days prior to trial as directed.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Before you make the leap, discover what your purpose is.
May 30, 2018 7 min read
This story originally appeared on Bizness Apps
Is it time for a career change? Have you always wanted to start your own business? If the answer is yes, we know that deciding to leave a current job is never easy. However, if you take some time to evaluate your career purpose, values and goals, you'll be able to make the right choice with confidence. Most people think about obvious, short-term and reactionary factors when they consider leaving a job. They might spend a significant amount of time agonizing over the fact that they don't like their co-workers or their boss is a micro-manager. Yes, these factors play an important role in your daily happiness, and you shouldn't continue working in an environment that makes you miserable. However, I want you to think beyond these factors.
As a certified career and business coach, one of the things I ask my clients to do before they jump into a job search is to find their focus and direction. After all, you can't create a map to follow if you don't know what direction you're going in, right?
Find your career purpose
When you take the time to find your career purpose, you also find focus. It enables you to express what motivates you in words and put it all in writing. Think of it this way. Every person is driven by something. You might be driven by thoughts of being rich, being happy or being famous. You might be driven by proving your parents wrong, or you might be driven by the circumstances life has handed to you.
The word purpose, when used as an adverb, means that something is done deliberately and with intention. What is your intention in life? What is your mission? Ask yourself these questions to find your purpose:
What do you love to do?
What are you passionate about?
What do you think about all the time?
What are you naturally good at doing?
What would you do for a job if there were no restrictions?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What limitations in your skills or life are holding you back from doing the things you love, are naturally good at or think about all the time?
How can you overcome those limitations?
Use your responses to write a career mission statement that reflects what you do and what you want to do. This is your purpose, and you'll use it going forward to evaluate opportunities so you can decide if they're essential and important to you or not.
Identify your lifestyle and career values
What do you value most in your life and career? It's your values that subconsciously assign importance to things in your mind. Therefore, if your job aligns with both your career and lifestyle goals, you'll feel good about it and it will carry positive “weight” in your mind. In other words, you'll value your job and believe it's very important in a positive way to your life overall.
If your job doesn't align with your values, you'll most likely be unhappy and feel unfulfilled and you'll need to leave the job to find one that does match your values. Of course, if you haven't identified your values, you won't know how to find a job that does align with them. You'll be in a constant state of unhappiness. Answer the questions below to identify some of your lifestyle and career values:
What motivates you and what do you place value on in your life? For example, you might value family, community, a fancy car, education or even sleep! What motivates you and what do you place value on in your career? For example, you might value a specific salary, decision-making authority, schedule flexibility or a short commute. What does not motivate you and what do you not value in your career? For example, you might not value a micromanaging boss, travel, public speaking or even a job that keeps you stuck in an office all day.
Create a list of your lifestyle values using the first question above, and then, prioritize those values. Next, create a list of the top five career values you listed in question two above and a list of the top five career values you don't value from question three above. Using these list, evaluate your current job. Does it align with your lifestyle and career values? If not, it's most likely time to leave your job.
Define your goals
What are your goals in your career and in your life? If your current job isn't helping you reach your short-term or long-term goals, then it's time to leave. Goal definition is an important process because it forces you to get everything down on paper, and when you put something to paper, it makes it tangible and helps to create a commitment for yourself to achieve it.
Your goals in all aspects of your life can affect your career just as your career goals can affect your life. If your current job doesn't align with your goals, then you need to start looking for a new job. At a minimum, you should create a list of your goals in the following areas:
Career
Relationships
Financial
Family
Things (tangible items)
Education and learning
Giving back (charitable goals)
Social
Health
Adventure
Spirituality
After creating your lists, prioritize them, and using this list, create 10 short-term goals and 10 long-term goals that you need to accomplish. Your short-term goals are things you want to achieve in one to two years, and your long-term goals are things you want to achieve in more than two years. With your written goals in hand, you can create an action plan with specific steps and completion dates to reach them.
Answer these questions to learn if it's time to leave your job
With all of that said, I know you're still looking for a quick answer to the question whether you should leave your job. No one can answer that but you, and the best answer will come from the exercises I introduced above. However, there are some simple questions you can ask yourself to get the ball rolling:
Does your job make you miserable?
Does your job pay you enough to support the lifestyle you want right now?
Does your job offer you the earning potential you want?
Does your job offer the mobility you want?
Will your job help you reach your goals or is it keeping you from reaching your goals?
Do you like the company you work for?
Do you dread going to work every day?
Do you dream of doing something else as a job?
If you answered yes to any of the questions above, then it's possible leaving your job will make you happier than staying at your current job will. However, there is a lot to consider when you leave a job. Don't be reactionary or you could end up in another position that is equally wrong for you (or worse). Instead, create a plan that aligns with your purpose, values and goals, and you'll be happier in both the short-term and long-term.
(By Susan Gunelius)
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal may have signed a plethora of new forwards in the past few weeks - but that won't stop them letting a young defender go.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche is a big fan of 22-year-old defender Rob Holding, and was hoping to get his man for around the £4million mark.
But Arsene Wenger won't do business below £15million - which may scare off bids, according to The Sun.
Holding began his career at Bolton and has made 15 Arsenal appearances after moving to the Emirates for an undisclosed fee in 2016.
The 6ft 2in defender has also made five appearances for the England under-21s.
Arsenal fans will be looking for defensive reinforcements if the Stalybridge-born player is allowed to move on.
Martin Keown names the two Arsenal legends who equal one Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
(Image: Catherine Ivill)
Martin Keown has named the two Arsenal legends who make up one Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang .
The Gabon striker moved to the Gunners from Borussia Dortmund on transfer deadline day for a club record £56million.
Aubameyang then made his debut for Arsenal on Saturday evening as a new-look Gunners side demolished Everton 5-1.
Arsenal's January signing made an instant impact, playing a crucial role in the game's opening goal.
Find out who here
Arsenal fans all notice the same thing in the build up for Aaron Ramsey's first goal
(Image: Catherine Ivill/Getty Images)
Arsenal fans noticed the same thing in the build up for Aaron Ramsey's first goal against Everton.
The Welshman scored after just six minutes, before Laurent Koscielny added another eight minutes later.
Ramsey then scored his second as the Gunners took a 3-0 lead with only 19 minutes of the game gone.
However, Arsenal fans noticed something that they were very happy about in the build up for Ramsey's first goal.
Find out here
Ex-Arsenal and Manchester City defender Bacary Sagna joins Serie A's bottom club
(Image: Twitter/bncalcio)
Former Arsenal and Manchester City defender Bacary Sagna has joined Serie A's bottom team, Benevento, for the rest of the season.
Sagna , who won 65 caps for France, has been without a club since leaving Manchester City last summer.
The deal for the 34-year-old Frenchman was announced on Saturday, and includes an option for a further year.
A statement on Benevento's club website read: "This morning, at the Caravaggio Sporting Village in Naples, an agreement was reached between Benevento Calcio and footballer Bacary Sagna."
Full story here
New Delhi: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj ion Monday held talks with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on key bilateral issues.
According to sources, all issues of mutual interest were discussed between the two leaders.
Wang is here to attend the Russia-India-China trilateral meeting.
He will also attend an India-China cultural event in the evening.
The foreign ministers of Russia, India and China (RIC) are here to deliberate on a range of pressing regional and global issues, including ways to tackle the threat of terrorism and extremism, at the key meeting of the grouping.
This is the first high-level visit from China after the Doklam standoff in the Sikkim sector this summer.
The 73-day border standoff ended on August 28 after Chinese troops stopped building a key road close to India's 'chicken's neck' corridor -- that connects India to its north east states.
The road was being built by China in an area also claimed by Bhutan.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Remember when some people were scoffing at the idea of Zlatan Ibrahimovic joining Manchester United?
As strange as it might sound now, there was a time last summer when plenty of skeptics were rolling their eyes and wearily suggesting that a striker about to turn 35 could not possibly be the answer to United's problems.
How daft those people sound now. Zlatan's goal against West Ham in United's 2-0 win was his 18th for The Red Devils. Bearing in mind that we're only just over halfway through the season, 18 goals is a pretty remarkable haul at this stage.
(Photo: Getty Images)
It's even more astonishing when you consider what United's goalscoring record looked like last season.
Notoriously shot shy under Louis van Gaal (remember him?), United's top scorer in 2015/16 was Anthony Martial. The young Frenchman finished top of the club's goalscoring charts at the END of the season… with 17 goals.
Which means…
Man United top goalscorers 2015/16 17 2016/17 (so far) 18 All competitions
So, with the new year barely underway, The Great Man™ has already scored more than the club's top goalscorer managed in the entirety of the last campaign.
What you got to say to those skeptics now, Zlatan?
Newsroom To 'Chicago Tribune': With 85 Percent Backing, We Have Votes For Union
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
A Chicago Tribune spokeswoman said the paper was reviewing the guild's request. "We believe we can best build on the Chicago Tribune heritage and trust with readers by working together as an organization," she said in a emailed statement. "We will continue to work toward our common goal of ensuring that the Chicago Tribune is a leading source for news and information, whatever the outcome."
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal. He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Apollo Hospitals had reported a net profit of Rs72.17 crore for the corresponding period of previous fiscal. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals Enterprise on Monday reported a 51.21% dip in standalone net profit at Rs35.21 crore, mainly on account of rise in expenditure for the first quarter ended 30 June, 2017.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs72.17 crore for the corresponding period of previous fiscal, Apollo Hospitals Enterprise said in a BSE filing.
However, standalone income from operations of the company rose to Rs1,684.46 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs1,465.43 crore for the same period year ago.
The company's board also took note of resignations of Habibullah Badsha, Raj Kumar Menon and Rafeeque Ahamed as independent directors with effect from today, Apollo Hospitals said.
The board has approved the appointment of BVR Mohan Reddy as an additional director with effect from 14 August, 2017 to hold office as an independent director, it added.
Shares of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise were trading 1.51% down at Rs1,197.90 on BSE.
Market Highlights:
With rapid modernization and digitalization, enterprises are equipped with techniques that enable them to share data among different data centers. Data center interconnect facilitates the easy access and transfer of data and information across different sectors and departments, thereby, channelizing a smooth flow of data towards achievement of IT and business goals.
As per the latest report published by Market Research Future (MRFR), the global data center interconnect market will reach a valuation USD 6.5 Bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 11% during the forecast period (2018-2023).
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4144
Organizations are endeavoring to virtualize their data centers for enhanced efficiency and reducing cost. Also, data center interconnect allows the connection between data centers and cloud services for enriched experience through applications, such as, disaster recovery and business continuity. This growing inclination towards cloud infrastructure is propelling the growth of the market.
Expanding demand for disaster recovery solution, data backup, increased utilization of analyzable data, and, rapid migration to cloud-based services are some of the factors supporting the growth of the market. However, certain restraints exist such as requirement of high initial investment, which is hampering the adoption of data center interconnect.
Key Players:
Some of the key players profiled in the MRFR's report include Ciena Corporation (US), Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. (China), Nokia Corporation (Finland), ADVA Optical Networking SE (Germany), Cisco Systems, Inc. (US), Juniper Networks, Inc. (US), Fujitsu Ltd. (Japan), Extreme Networks, Inc. (US), and Infinera Corporation (US).
Market Segmentation:
By type, the Data Center Interconnect Market is segmented into service, software, and product. The service segment accounts for the maximum share of the market. By application, the market is segmented into workload & data mobility, real time disaster recovery and business continuity. By end user, the market is segmented into enterprise, CSPs, ICPs, and government.
Regional Analysis:
On the basis of region, the market has been segmented into Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and, Rest of the World. The market in APAC is expected to exhibit the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Countries such as China, India, and, Japan present significant market opportunities. The boom witnessed in research & development in the field of technology and the persistently growing demand for data center to practice cost effective data management reflecting positively on the region's market. Meanwhile, the North America market will continue to exhibit steady growth over the next couple of years, primarily attributable to factors such as widespread availability of next-gen technologies and increased investment from market players operating in the region.
Competitive Analysis:
The presence of established vendors in the market authenticates a vigorous competition. Global data center interconnect market envelopes various international brands, and new entrants to form a competitive landscape. The players in the market opt for different options and opportunities like strategic partnerships, innovation, acquisitions, etc. to gain an edge over competitors.
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/data-center-interconnect-market-4144
Industry News:
An American multinational company, Juniper Network, announced the expansion of its robust portfolio of services by extending its data center interconnect services. The services offered include open cloud interconnect package that encompasses dense wavelength division multiplexing optical boards for its QFX10000 Layer 3 spine switch, BTI7800 optical transport switch families. It also provides for software to manage the systems.
Table of Contents
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Network Tools Software
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
2.4 Forecast Model
2.4.1 Market Data Collection, Analysis & Forecast
2.4.2 Market Size Estimation
Continues…
List of Tables
Table 1 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By Type
Table 2 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By Application
Table 3 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By End User
Table 4 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By Geography
Continues…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Methodology
Figure 2 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By Type (%)
Figure 3 Data Center Interconnect Software Market, By Application (%)
Continues…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 841 198 5042
Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thomas Markle fears daughter Meghan will never see him again - telling pals: “I haven't talked with Meghan and Harry in a long time."
The Duchess of Sussex's ailing dad is said to be “heartbroken” at his growing estrangement from daughter Meghan since missing her fairytale wedding to Harry.
Markle Snr fears they may not “ever be together again” and believes the royal couple are now “shot” of him.
But while increasingly distanced from Meghan, the retired lighting director met up with his son Tom Jnr for the first time in more than four years at the weekend.
The hour-long reunion will pour even more pressure on the former actress to travel from Kensington Palace to his Mexico to check on his health.
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
A source said: “Thomas is heartbroken. He is at a complete loss as to why he has been excluded.”
Thomas, 71, has been telling friends: “I haven't talked to Meghan and Harry for a long time. I think they're shot of me now.”
His despair comes after he failed to attend the royal wedding in May.
He suffered heart palpitations and had emergency surgery shortly after being exposed for faking paparazzi pictures for cash.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
He then appeared on Good Morning Britain two weeks ago and broke royal protocol by revealing his new son-in-law's views on Brexit and Donald Trump.
Mr Markle now fears Megan will never visit him in Mexico, saying: “I don't know if she'll visit. I told her not to come and visit when I was in hospital. I think that relationship is lost now.”
Only last week, Thomas voiced his irritation Donald Trump will meet the Queen next week before he has had the chance to.
He said: “If the Queen is willing to meet our arrogant, ignorant, and insensitive president she has no excuse not to meet me, I'm nowhere near as bad.” Thomas met his son in San Ysidro, California, after travelling from his oceanfront home in Rosarito, Mexico, on Saturday.
Tom Jr, 51, travelled 850 miles from his home in Grant's Pass, Oregon, as he wanted to check on his dad's health after his surgery to fit several stents.
The source said: “Despite tensions between them, Tom was determined to make sure his dad was OK.
“He is not flush with money, but he wanted to meet up. It is strange though why Meghan has not been to see her father when he has been so ill.
“His eldest daughter, Samantha, finds it difficult to travel as she uses a wheelchair due to multiple sclerosis, but nothing is stopping Meghan.”
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
Thomas has endured a fractious relationship with his three children.
Although his separation from Meghan is more recent, the pensioner was forced to witness both his son and Samantha, attack Meghan.
It led to both of her half-siblings being left off the guest list. Thomas is said to feel “incredibly hurt” by their outbursts, saying it meant “no one got an invitation”.
He told one friend: “I don't blame Meghan for that.
“She reached the point where she didn't want to invite anyone.”
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
Although he is in contact with Samantha, who lives in Ocala, Florida, by phone, he has not physically seen her for several years.
Up until Saturday's reunion he had not seen Tom Jr for more than four years. The pair is thought to have fallen out over money with Thomas feeling he was “cut off” after he retired from the Hollywood studios about five years ago.
The source added: “A lot of things have been said by both Samantha and Tom that have left their dad heartbroken. He thinks a lot of personal information about his life was given out when it shouldn't have been. The main issues, however, are over money.
(Image: Andy Johnstone/Daily Mirror)
“Throughout his life, Thomas helped his kids out whenever he could. He had a good well-paid job as a lighting director working incredibly long hours to support his family.
“He never wanted to see them go without, particularly Meghan. She wanted for nothing. But when Thomas retired he felt like he was just dropped as the money was no longer there. He thought in his dotage, the money would be coming back the other way but it never did.”
When the Mirror approached Tom Jr he said he felt relieved to have seen his father and he hoped their relationship would over time “get better”.
But the source added: “After so many years apart, it was understandably frosty between the two.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Tom hoped it would have gone better than it did but he must realise how hurt his dad is. Thomas maintains he didn't want any of the public spotlight whereas he thinks his two eldest have courted it.
“He has a lot of ­resentment in him for that.” Thomas Sr had an emergency heart operation three days before Meghan's wedding to Harry, 33.
When the Duchess, 36, confirmed her dad would no longer walking her down the aisle due to his health ­problems, she said in a statement: “I have always cared for my father and hope he can be given the space he needs to focus on his health.”
(Image: WireImage)
At the time she was accused of being cold, with social media users asking why she chose the word “cared” instead of “loved”.
Since his op, Thomas has been placed on medication. After being discharged, he watched the wedding on a £20 TV in an Airbnb close to his home as he chose to “lay low”.
Now he is reported to have dramatically changed his diet, swapping KFC and McDonald's for more healthy options like fish and vegetables.
The pensioner has lost more than a stone in weight.
BOSTON (AP) — Nearly a decade after she became Harvard University's first female president, Drew Faust is making plans to step down.
Faust, 69, announced Wednesday that she will leave her post at the end of the upcoming school year, which will also mark the end of a major fundraising campaign Harvard launched in 2013.
“On June 30, 2018, I will complete my 11th year, and the Harvard Campaign will reach its conclusion,” Faust said in an email to university students, faculty and staff. “It will be the right time for the transition to Harvard's next chapter, led by a new president.”
A noted historian of the American South and the Civil War, Faust plans to take a sabbatical and return to her scholarship after stepping down.
Advertisement
She had never been a college president when she was hired in 2007, previously serving as dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard. Her predecessor in the top job, Lawrence Summers, had been pressured out after five contentious years that brought him into conflict with many faculty members. The school's current leaders say Faust quickly mended those bridges and gained trust on campus.
“She came into office after a period of strife and controversy on campus, and she quickly restored trust and a sense of common purpose,” William F. Lee, the leader of Harvard's governing board, said in a statement Wednesday. “She was also able to introduce her own personality and leadership style — characterized by calm, candor and listening — to the campus as she ensured forward progress.”
Over the last decade, Faust has been credited with fostering collaboration among Harvard's academic factions, expanding financial aid for students and serving as a champion for both the arts and the sciences. Under her leadership, the school's current fundraising campaign has brought in $8 billion with a year to go, already topping the $6.5 billion goal.
But she has also faced her share of challenge and controversy.
Faust's administration has drawn backlash from alumni and faculty over efforts to crack down on all-male social clubs. Black students have demanded greater diversity on a campus where some say they feel isolated. In November, Faust suspended the men's soccer team over a lewd “scouting report” that made sexual comments about the women's soccer team.
And last year, Harvard's $35.7 billion endowment posted a 2 percent loss on its investments, its worst performance since 2009.
In her last year as president, Faust said, she will focus on fighting threats to federal funding for research, attracting top students, staff and faculty, and “advancing the work of inclusion and belonging that enables every member of our community to thrive.”
University officials say a search committee will be assembled in coming weeks to find a replacement.
New Delhi: World number two Simona Halep reached the China Open semi-finals for the first time in her career after beating Russian Daria Kasatkina 6-2 6-1 on Friday.
Halep, who lost to Kasatkina in the second round of last month`s Wuhan Open, was never at risk of suffering a second consecutive defeat by the 20-year-old, sending down 19 winners to wrap up the win in just over an hour.
"I think I played much better than Wuhan," the Romanian said after the match. "I changed tactics and worked pretty well. I just played my game and my style, and I was very consistent and solid as well."
The tournament in Beijing has already seen Halep register a first career victory over Russian Maria Sharapova, and the second seed now has an opportunity to level her head-to-head with Jelena Ostapenko, who beat her in this year`s French Open final.
The mercurial Latvian bested Sorana Cirstea 6-4 6-4 in an error-strewn quarter-final that saw both players struggling to hold serve.
Ostapenko made a typically high 33 unforced errors, but her powerful forehand kept her out of trouble against Romanian Cirstea, who is also her doubles partner.
Twice-Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova fought off fatigue to dominate Czech compatriot Barbora Strycova 6-3 6-4 and reach her third Beijing semi-final.
Kvitova, who produced 33 winners offset by 43 unforced errors, said she was tired but very happy with the victory, and will meet Caroline Garcia in the last four.
"I couldn`t just imagine this coming to Asia," Kvitova said. "I`m already happy. I love these big matches anyway, so I will do my best tomorrow.
"I felt a little bit tired today maybe. On the court I felt pretty slow. Maybe I wasn`t, but that was my feeling. Sometimes it`s pretty confusing."
Garcia came through a gruelling contest that stretched for three hours and 21 minutes against world number three Elina Svitolina of Ukraine in the day`s final match.
Playing with her right thigh heavily strapped, the Frenchwoman lost the first set, but clung on as the clock at the National Tennis Stadium ticked past midnight to prevail 6-7(5) 7-5 7-6(6).
Lucknow: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a public rally in Lucknow in the poll-bound Uttar Pradesh on Monday.
This would be the Prime Minister's first address in the state capital since the end of demonetisation exercise on December 30.
PM Modi, who will be addressing the public at Ramabai Ambedkar ground of Lucknow, is likely to focus on demonetisation and will bat for cashless transaction.
The Prime Minister is also likely to make some big announcements to the public on the occasion of New Year.
The rally is part of a series of public engagements for the Prime Minister, who announced several measures for the rural and urban poor, small businesses, farmers and senior citizens on New Year's eve.
The Prime Minister is expected to reach here by 2:00 pm and will return back to the national capital after addressing the rally.
PM Modi's rally in Lucknow today is also seen as crucial given the infighting in ruling Samajwadi Party is at its peak.
Meanwhile, security has beefed up in the city ahead of PM Modi's visit. Several Cabinet ministers and MPs representing Uttar Pradesh at Centre have also reached the state capital to take part in the rally. Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah is likely to share the stage with PM Modi today.
Apart from Amit Shah, Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra, Uma Bharti and several party's national office bearers may also be present on the stage with PM Modi.
According to report, over ten lakh people are expected to throng the state capital to hear the Prime Minister today.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Little Jay Crouch is called “super-human” by his mum after having five organs transplanted in one op.
The seven-year-old is one of the youngest patients in the world to have the “incredibly rare” procedure.
He received two kidneys, a liver, a pancreas and a small intestine from an even younger donor child.
The five organs were removed in one “block” – meaning there were just six connections needed to attach them to Jay's arteries in the ten-hour operation at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
He is learning how to eat and swallow, starting with a slice of buttered toast.
The young Leicester City fan had been in and out of hospital his entire life after his small intestine twisted and died when he was just six weeks old.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
His internal organs were so badly damaged he had to be fed through a tube in his stomach for years.
Jay's mum, Katie Freestone, was told he would die without a transplant.
The 28-year-old got a call in March to say a matching donor – a young child who had died – had been found.
Surgeons warned Katie, from Market Harborough, Leics, that Jay would face months of gruelling recovery.
But he was discharged from hospital this week, just one month after the life-saving transplant took place.
Single mum Katie is backing the Mirror's Change The Law For Life campaign calling for an opt-out system for donation.
She describes Jay as “my little super-human”.
(Image: NHS Birmingham / SWNS.com)
But the full-time carer also constantly thinks about the child whose organs were donated to him.
Hospital bosses have not released any details and it is not known if the child's family know they have saved a life.
Katie told the Mirror: “When I got the call, I cried, because I knew it was a smaller donor and that's so sad.
“You can't express your gratitude enough towards them. There are not enough words.
“Without the organs, Jay would not have survived. Saying thank you really doesn't cover it. We don't know much about the donor at all. All we know is it was a child smaller than Jay.
“If the parents wanted to meet I would love to meet them. But right now I want to leave them to grieve because they have just lost a child.”
Katie suspected there was something badly wrong with baby Jay when he struggled to feed and go to the toilet days after being born.
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
Her “world fell apart” when he fell seriously ill aged just six weeks – leaving doctors at Kettering General Hospital baffled at first.
“He suddenly went floppy and lifeless and was vomiting bile,” said Katie, who is separated from Jay's dad.
“We called the ambulance and got him to hospital. It was terrifying as he was such a tiny baby.
“Jay at that time was dying. They did all the tests for meningitis , but didn't check for a bowel problem.
“After quite a few hours he ended up having a cardiac arrest and was fighting for his life. It took four hours for him to be stabilised enough to be transferred to the Leicester Royal Infirmary.
“They still didn't know what was wrong with him so they did some exploratory surgery and discovered the small intestine had died.
“He was then placed on parenteral nutrition feeding into his veins, unable to eat or drink. As a complication, he got kidney failure, which has progressed.
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
“The PN feeding also destroyed the liver, so in the summer of 2016 they deemed him poorly enough to go on to the transplant list. We had a wait of 15 months before we got the call.
“For the bowel, it needed to be a small donor, smaller than Jay, because you have to fit the whole small intestine inside. In the last few months his kidneys were really struggling, so if he didn't have the transplant when he did we probably would have lost him.”
The way the op was carried out means Jay now has four kidneys and two pancreases in his body.
He will spend the next six months at home to minimise the risk of infection as his recovery continues.
“He's off [school] for six months because he's immunosuppressed,” said Katie. “We are in isolation to make sure he doesn't pick up anything.”
Speaking about the Mirror's Change The Law For Life campaign, Katie said: “I really support what the Mirror is doing. Hopefully the law will finally be changed. It makes sense for it to be an opt-out system.”
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
The surgery is so rare that Birmingham Children's Hospital say it is 20 years since they last carried out a transplant like Jay's. Doctors removed his liver while the kidneys, pancreas, liver and intestine were being removed from the donor.
The new set of organs were attached to Jay's aorta in his stomach, giving him a blood supply from the heart.
The blood went back to heart via the vein coming out of his liver. The small intestine was attached to his bowel and then surgeons had to wait.
Transplant surgeon Khalid Sharif said: “There are two connections from the vessels' points of view. One artery gives the blood to all five organs and one vein takes the blood out of it.
“There are two points to join the intestine and two to join the juice from the new kidneys to the bladder.
“You need to see all the organs linking up together.
“If one is not doing it, that's really heartbreaking, because you do not know what is going on.”
Jay's grandad Tony Freestone, 58, is looking forward to introducing his grandson to the joys of food.
He joked: “I've discussed going for a chicken vindaloo at some point, which he is not so keen on.”
The Baylor football program remains a work-in-progress under coach Matt Rhule, who is preparing the Bears for his second season in Waco.
The Bears, who finished a game ahead of Kansas at the bottom of the Big 12 standings in 2017, going 1-11 and 1-8 in the league. Progress is being made this spring, however, that will hopefully help Baylor start slowly, but surely, turn the ship around, Rhule said during Tuesday's Big 12 coaches teleconference.
"I feel like we're becoming a good football team. We weren't, obviously, a very good football team last year," said Rhule, who saw improvements later in the '17 seasons.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK Former Temple coach Matt Rhule is introduced at Baylor University as the next football coach. (video by Mac Engel/Star-Telegram). Mac Engeltengel@star-telegram.com
They lost a couple of close games to Oklahoma and West Virginia and turnovers did them in against Texas Tech in which they outgained the Red Raiders by almost 200 yards.
"We went from really not very good at all to improved as the season went on. I think this offseason and this spring practice has done wonders for us. I like our mindset, I like our toughness."
Rhule expects the incoming freshman class to inject some swagger back into the program, including five January enrollees who participated in all 15 spring practices.
"It's certainly not where we need it to be or is going to be," he said. "but I feel really good about our opportunities to develop over the summer and in [August] training camp to maybe have a good football team in the fall."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A distraught mum is hunting a thug who battered her daughter in a club after she 'rebuffed' him in a nightclub.
Lacey Knight, 21, was left with fractured cheekbones and internal bleeding on her face after the man punched her then smashed her head against the bar.
Her mum Chel Orchard, 42, claims he battered Lacey after she told him she wasn't interested when he tried to chat her up.
Photos of the devastating injuries show Lacey with two black eyes and cuts to her brow.
She also says she is left paranoid and suffering from panic attacks after the attack, the Daily Record reports.
(Image: Lacey Knight / SWNS.com)
The mum-of-one was attacked in the early hours of Saturday morning while having Christmas drinks with friends in Elements nightclub, in Clacton-on-Sea.
Lacey said: "He tried talking to us and we weren't interested, then he put my fingers up in my face and I said 'why are you doing that?'"
"I looked at him and he walked around a few people and smacked me in the face and after that it was just a blur."
Chel said: "I got a call at about 12.30am from her friend to say she was on her way to hospital and she has been assaulted.
"She went to Colchester Hospital and we have since found out she had two fractured cheeks and internal bleeding on her face.
(Image: Lacey Knight / SWNS.com)
"My daughter doesn't remember a lot because she was in and out of consciousness on the club floor.
"But what she does remember, and from people who have come forward, is a guy tried to chat her up and because she refused his advances, he punched her in the face."
Chel's Facebook appeal to track witness has been shared more than 1,000 times and she claims to have been told the attacker is a known heroin dealer.
She added: "They say this guy is a regular and he sells heroin.
"She remembers all of it, him punching her, her head being bashed on the bar, but then she passed out on the floor."
On Wednesday she's got to see a consultant and surgeon.
"We had to take her back to hospital last night because she started spitting up blood.
"The doctor said the reason was because she had internal bleeding on her face and that was its way of coming out."
Chel also claimed witnesses said nobody stopped the attack and the suspect was then allowed to leave the club unchallenged.
(Image: Lacey Knight / SWNS.com)
Chel added: "He smashed her head up and down repeatedly on the bar but nobody did anything.
"One of the door staff who came at the end of it all let the guy walk out of the club with his friends.
"She has a five-year-old son who has not seen her since Friday because of how bad her face is."
Lacey said: "I've not seen my son because I don't know what his reaction will be.
"I don't know how I'm feeling, I don't want to go out, it's made me paranoid.
"I went to Asda with my nan yesterday and started having panic attacks, I'm normally quite a bubbly person."
Essex Police today said: "Police received reports of an assault in Elements nightclub, in Station Road, Clacton, at around 1am on Saturday, December 9.
"A woman reported that a man approached her within the venue and then punched in the head several times.
"The victim, aged in her 20s, was taken to hospital with a fractured cheekbone and bruises.
"Anyone with information is asked to contact Dc Richard English at Clacton CID on 101 quoting incident 23 of 09/12 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
Cambridge Analytica denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign. Photo: Reuters
Washington: Facebook shares plunged Monday as the social media giant was pounded by criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with Google and Twitter's CEOs.
The lawmakers said the companies “have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data” and that the lack of oversight “raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights.”
Facebook's chief of security Alex Stamos said his role has shifted to focusing on emerging risks and election security at the global social network.
Stamos revealed the change after The New York Times reported that he was leaving Facebook in the wake of internal clashes over how to deal with the platform being used to spread misinformation.
“Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook,” Stamos said in a message posted on his verified Twitter account.
“It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.”
Stamos advocated investigating and revealing manipulation of news at the social network by Russian entities, to the chagrin of other top executives, the Times reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what he called a “troubling” misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said he wants to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools “to weaponize detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans.”
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations “horrifying, if confirmed,” and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Cambridge Analytica denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner who regulates the sector in the country, announced her office would seek a court warrant on Tuesday to search Cambridge Analytica's computer servers.
She said the company had been “uncooperative” to requests for access to its records and missed a Monday deadline stipulated.
Meanwhile, Facebook said it has hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
Facebook shares skidded 6.8% by the close of the Nasdaq amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model. Shares slipped another percent or so to $170 in after-market trades.
Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.“Self-regulation is not working,” Grygiel said.
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.“The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem,” Kreiss said.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research maintained that the revelations highlight “systemic problems at Facebook,” but that they won't immediately impact the social network's revenues.
David Carroll, a media professor at the Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
“Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them,” Carroll said. “Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies.” Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation online.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it “strongly denies” the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
“Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign,” a statement read.
A registered sex offender accused of exposing himself to a 9-year-old girl in Grapevine and making lewd comments to another girl at a Target store has been arrested, police said Friday.
Kenneth Dewayne Roblez, 38, of Dallas, was taken into custody on an outstanding warrant in Irving in the 3500 block of North Belt Line Road, according to a Grapevine police news release.
Roblez is a suspect in an incident that occurred shortly after 3 p.m. Tuesday with a 9-year-old student at Dove Elementary School, police have said.
The girl told police she was walking on Laguna Vista Way several blocks from the school and talking to her mother on her cellphone when a man drove up in a dark gray or silver sedan and exposed himself to her, the release said.
She described the man as heavyset and 30 to 40 years old with dark hair, the release said. The man was wearing a short-sleeved shirt and tan shorts. The child ran away and made it home safely, the release said.
About 1:15 p.m. Sunday a man approached another 9-year-old girl at the Target on 1101 Ira E. Woods Ave., and made lewd comments about assaulting her, the release said. The man then made suggestive remarks to the mother of an 11-year-old girl, according to the release.
The man left the store before security was alerted, but surveillance video was captured. That suspect was described as about 40 years old, with dark brown or black hair and driving a dark gray or gold car, the release said.
Tips from the public helped identify Roblez as the suspect, and several unrelated parties identified him as the man seen on Target surveillance video.
Officers are working with other law enforcement agencies and believe Roblez may also be linked to similar incidents in Plano, the release said.
This report contains information from the Star-Telegram archives
Dow Drops 666 Points In Sharp Sell-Off
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Updated at 6:01 p.m. ET
Major stock indexes dropped sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 666 points amid signs that wage growth is finally picking up.
The 2.6 percent drop in the Dow came as the Labor Department reported that 200,000 jobs were added to the economy last month, which was stronger than expected, and the unemployment rate stayed at 4.1 percent — the lowest since 2000.
But worries about inflation grew when the report showed that average hourly wages grew 2.9 percent from a year ago — the largest increase since June 2009. Yields for 10-year Treasurys hit four-year highs Friday.
Loading...
All this sets the stage for the Federal Reserve to continue raising interest rates, with the next hike expected in March. That would make credit cards, car loans and mortgages more expensive.
The Dow closed at 25,520.96, and Friday's 666-point drop was the sixth-worst ever. The index is still up more than 3 percent since the year began. But with a loss of about more than 1,000 points since Monday, it was the blue chip index's worst weekly performance in two years.
Among the stocks in the Dow, Apple fell 4.3 percent Friday, Exxon Mobil lost 5.1 percent, Chevron was down nearly 6 percent and Goldman Sachs dropped 4.5 percent.
Other major stock indexes fell about 2 percent Friday. The broader S&P 500 slid 60 points, to 2,762.13; the Nasdaq index lost 145 points, closing at 7,240.95.
Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust, says Friday's employment report shows the economy continues to have a lot of energy.
The higher wage growth and potentially higher inflation "might then lead the Federal Reserve to raise their interest rates more rapidly than the market is comfortable with," he told NPR's John Ydstie.
Loading...
NPR's Jim Zarroli reports that the wage gains have investors wondering "are we going too fast? Are we going to see more inflation? ... Then you have these big tax cuts taking effect, which means people could be spending more. The government's going to have to borrow more — what's that going to mean?"
But, he says, "The stock market was really due to come down anyway. We have these corrections. They're normal. You can't have stocks rising at these levels all the time."
For Some Hard-To-Find Tumors, Doctors See Promise In Artificial Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of The Felix Project Courtesy of The Felix Project
Artificial intelligence, which is bringing us everything from self-driving cars to personalized ads on the web, is also invading the world of medicine.
In radiology, this technology is increasingly helping doctors in their jobs. A computer program that assists doctors in diagnosing strokes garnered approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this year. Another that helps doctors diagnose broken wrists in x-ray images won FDA approval on May 24th.
One particularly intriguing line of research seeks to train computers to diagnose one of the deadliest of all malignancies, pancreatic cancer, when the disease is still readily treatable.
That's the vision of Dr. Elliot Fishman, a professor of radiology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore. Artificial intelligence and radiology seem like a natural match, since so much of the task of reading images involves pattern recognition. It's a dream that's been decades in the making, Fishman says.
"When I started in radiology, they said, 'Ok don't worry about reading the chest x-rays because the computers will read them,' " Fishman says. "That was 35 years ago!"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Computers still can't perform the seemingly simple task of reading a chest x-ray, despite sky-high expectations and more than a little hype around the role of artificial intelligence. Fishman is undaunted as he turns this technology on pancreatic cancer.
And that disease is a huge challenge. Only 7 percent of patients given a pancreatic cancer diagnosis are alive five years later. One reason the disease is so deadly is that doctors usually diagnose it when it's too late to remove the tumors with surgery. Fishman and his team want to change that, by training computers to recognize pancreatic cancer early. Working with Johns Hopkins computer science students and faculty, they are helping develop a tumor-detecting algorithm that could be built into CT scanner software.
Americans get 40 million CT scans of the abdomen every year, for everything from car accidents to back pain. Imagine if a computer program with expert abilities could look for pancreas tumors in all those scans.
"That's the ultimate opportunity — to be able to diagnose it before you have any symptoms and at a stage where it's even maybe too subtle for a radiologist to be able to detect it," says Dr. Karen Horton, chair of the Johns Hopkins radiology department and Fishman's collaborator on the project.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The challenge lies in teaching a computer to detect what a well-trained doctor knows to look for.
"Elliot and I are very sub-specialized so we're really, really good," Horton says matter-of-factly. "We see more pancreatic cancer than probably anyone in the world."
She says if the computer algorithm could capture their collective knowledge about how to diagnose pancreatic cancer and give that expertise to the typical doctor, "you could be, I would argue, better than us, but certainly as good as us — which would mean better than most of the practicing radiologists."
Even a program perfectly attuned to finding patterns can't reliably recognize cancer if it hasn't been trained on reliable starting material.
When it comes to developing AI, "sometimes people say, 'oh just take a bunch of cases and put them in a computer and the computer will figure out what to do'," Fishman says. "That's nonsensical."
The Felix Project at Johns Hopkins, as the pancreas effort is called, pours a huge amount of human time, labor and intellect into training computers to recognize the difference between a normal pancreas and one with a tumor.
Of all the internal organs to deal with, "the pancreas is the hardest," Fishman says. "The kidney looks like a kidney, the liver's a big thing." On the other hand, he says, "The pancreas is a very soft organ, it sits way in the middle and the shape varies from patient to patient. Just finding the pancreas, even for radiologists, is at times a challenge."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
Eva Zinreich, a retired oncologist, is up for that challenge. She is one of a team of medical experts who spend their days pouring over CT scans and teaching the computer how to recognize the pancreas, other organs, and then, tumors within the pancreas.
She sits at a computer workstation, wielding a digital paintbrush.
"I'll show you in 3D because that's the fun stuff, ok?" she says as she sets about coloring in the aorta and other blood vessels on a scan.
Next, she colors the pancreas yellow.
"You see that shaded area?" she asks. "That's the tumor," and she proceeds to color it red.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
It will take her almost four hours just to mark up this single scan. Four medical experts have been working full-time for well over a year on this project. They've done this painstaking work on scans from about 1,000 healthy people, and their tally of pancreatic cancer images is now approaching 1,000 as well, Fishman says.
They are feeding their annotated scans into the project's computer program and gradually teaching it to recognize the same signs of a tumor that radiologists now pick out of the scans.
At another workstation in the lab, radiologist Linda Chu is trying to make the computer system even more adept than Elliot Fishman and Karen Horton are at recognizing pancreas cancers. She's developing ways for the computer to look for patterns in the scan that the human eye can't pick out. It's interpreting textures in the images, rather than shapes and shading.
Chu says she's making tentative progress. For example, she's been training the software to identify subtle clues that distinguish between a benign cyst and cancer.
"We don't truly understand what the computer is seeing, but clearly the computer is able to see something in the images that us humans cannot comprehend at this point," Chu says.
But this is also part of the challenge of AI — if the computer highlights something that a human expert can't see, and it's not clear how it arrived at that conclusion, can you trust it?
"That's what makes the research interesting!" Chu says.
Computer science students from the Johns Hopkins University main campus are key to developing the software that's learning how to read and interpret the images that flow from Fishman's lab.
The Lustgarten Foundation, which is focused on pancreatic cancer, has provided nearly $4 million over two years to fund the Felix Project. Horton says if it's successful, all the information they collected on healthy people can be used as a starting point to study tumors elsewhere in the body.
"You could have Felix kidney, Felix liver, Felix lung, Felix, heart," she says. And they could all go together into the scanner software.
The project is named after the "Felix Felicis" good-luck potion, from the Harry Potter books. And, absent an effective magic spell, the laborious process is a reminder that success in bringing artificial intelligence to medicine will not be as simple as dumping piles of data into a computer and trusting that an algorithm will sort it all out.
You can contact Richard Harris at rharris@npr.org.
ICE Has New Ways To Keep Asylum-Seekers And Their Kids Apart, Critics Say In the case of a Honduran asylum-seeker jailed in Texas, ICE appears to be defying a court order to reunite parents and separated children as soon as possible, by setting bond amounts impossibly high.
Today, nuclear activists, The Cape Downwinders will be submitting to Governor Baker referendum results from several town ballots that implore the governor to consider public safety in the movement of spent fuel rods from Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station.
The non-binding, public opinion ballot question created by the activists passed in all of the 14 towns that voted this year.
John Gauley of Hingham wants the Governor to follow the example of an American president when dealing with issues at Pilgrim and public safety:
http://959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/CAPEDOWNREF1.mp3
Elaine Dickinson hopes that the governor hears the voices of the people:
http://959watd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/CAPEDOWNREF2.mp3
The Cape Downwinders submitted similar campaign results to the Governor back in 2013, a ballot question asking for the closure of Pilgrim that passed in 20 towns.
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Photo: AFP
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of western and southwest France is home to the most Brits of all France's regions. Here's a breakdown of how they have made the region, or at least part of it, their home.
Nouvelle-Aquitaine was recently formed when the government redrew the administrative map of France, bringing together the old regions of Aquitaine, Poitou-Charentes and Limousin.
The super-region stretches from the Spanish border in the southwest up the Atlantic coast to La Rochelle and deep into central France to take in the departments of Correze and Creuse.
It includes departments,that have long been associated with migrating British citizens, such as Dordogne (Dordogneshire to many), and Charente.
The Numbers:
There are some 39,000 British citizens living in the giant Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, a new report from French statistics agency INSEE reveals.
That represents 0.7 percent of the region's overall population and means that after the Portuguese, Brits represent the second biggest community of foreigners.
Those 39,000 represent 26 percent of the 150,000 Brits officially registered as living in France. That makes Nouvelle-Aquitaine the region of France that is home to the most Brits.
In second place is neighbouring Occitanie, which is home to 25,500 Brits, and in third place is the greater Paris region of Ile-de-France where 19,500 Brits have set up home.
Where exactly do they live?
As the map below shows, the Brits are not really that impressed by France's Atlantic coast, with most settling inland, preferring the rural areas far from the sea.
INSEE notes that most live in villages and towns on the borders of the departments Dordogne, Charente, Lot-et-Garonne, and Haute-Vienne.
READ ALSO:
The departments of Landes and Gironde are largely avoided, apart from the large number who live in and around Bordeaux.
The coastal department of Charente-Maritime further north appears to be more attractive, although again it is more the inland areas that have attracted British expats.
Their choice of location may be as much to do with the desire to live in peaceful rural France as with house prices which tend to be cheaper the further from the coast you go.
In some villages that have seen an exodus of locals, Brits make up more than 15 percent of the population. These can be seen in the dark red spots on the map above.
READ ALSO: Seven myths about British expats living in France
Who are they and what do they do?
The average age of Brits in Nouvelle-Aquitaine is 52 and over half of the British population are over 58 years old. The 39,000 citizens are split into 21,300 households. Three-quarters of those households are uniquely British, suggesting couples and families have left the UK together for an adventure in France.
Around 90 percent of those households own their property.
Some 70 percent of the British living in the region are classed by INSEE as “inactif”, meaning retired rather than sitting in the garden doing nothing at all. Although that may indeed be the case for some.
Here's a breakdown of what they do in further detail: 26 percent are actively working, 3.8 percent are registered as unemployed, 47.6 percent retired, 4.7 percent are students or pupils, 8.7 percent are under 14, 5.1 percent are housewives/husbands, and the last 3.8 percent are “inactive other”.
Among the Brits employed, some 37 percent run their own business.
The retired
The retired British population of Nouvelle-Aquitaine is the biggest of any French region, ahead of Brittany and then Normandy. That's in contrast to the northern France region of Hauts-de-France, where almost half of the British population are actively working.
In France as a whole, the number of Brits actively working slightly outnumbers the number of retired.
When did they all come?
According to INSEE, in 1968 there were only 840 Brits registered as living in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, which back then was actually three regions - Aquitaine, Poitou-Charentes and Limousin. (Were you one of them?).
So the population has multiplied by 50.
But it wasn't until 1999 that number of Brits in the region really started to rise, indeed faster than the rate of the locals. That growth began to slow down in 2008, when the global financial crisis hit.
London: Facebook has filed a patent application for a technology that will automatically detect the users` socio-economic status and segregate them into one of three classes — working class, middle class or upper class.
According to the patent, the social media giant wants to build a system that collects users` personal data, such as education, homeownership and internet usage, in order to predict their socio-economic status, Dailymail reported on Saturday.
The patent, that was made public on Friday, suggested an algorithm that might improve Facebook`s targeting capabilities, helping it serve up more relevant advertisements to users.
"By predicting the socio-economic groups of users, [Facebook] is able to help the third party present sponsored content to the target users," the patent read.
"Third parties are able to effectively promote their products or services, and the online system can provide a more engaging user experience to users," it added.
Facebook would ask the users what is their age and from there, it would throw questions that would be seemingly relevant to users of that age group.
"In the filing, 20 to 30-year-olds are asked how many Internet devices they own, while 30 to 40-year-olds are asked whether or not they own a house," the report said.
However, it is still unclear if the patent will ever actually be used for user targeting.
The social media giant might also consider other information like a person`s travel history, what kinds of devices the user owns, how many Internet-connected devices they own and what their highest level of education is, to know the socio-economic status.
Interestingly, Facebook has skipped the income question acknowledging that users might not be comfortable telling about how much they earn per year, the report said.
"Online systems often do not have information about the income of users, for example, because the users are typically not inclined to share income information, which may be sensitive information, on online systems," the daily quoted the patent as saying.
Facebook could also refer to the "actions performed by the user on Facebook."
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victor Lindelof has said goodbye to Benfica with a heartfelt letter to his former club.
The Swedish defender has joined Manchester United in a £35million deal, becoming Jose Mourinho's first summer signing.
He has penned a four-year deal at Old Trafford, with the option for a further season.
Lindelof spent five seasons with Benfica following his arrival from Vasteras SK in 2012.
And he has penned an emotional message to the Portuguese giants on Instagram.
(Photo: Man Utd via Getty Images)
"Dear Benfica family, I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for the magnificent 5 years I spent with you.
"I put on my shirt with great pride and, hopefully, have conveyed to you in every game and every day my feeling.
"It was a great pleasure to play for you. No doubt you have a very special place in my heart.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
"To all my colleagues and coaches that I have had over the years, thank you very much for your confidence and for the daily help that enabled me to become the man and the player that I am today.
"To all those who have helped me daily and to all who work in the Club, my great thanks. Thank you SL Benfica!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Lindelof wasted little time in getting to know his new surroundings as he made a trip to Wings restaurant on Wednesday night.
The defender's first club Vasteras - who now play in the third tier in Sweden - are set to pocket £3.6m from the transfer.
MPI to address Grant Sand Road infrastructure issues
DPI/GINA, GUYANA, Wednesday, June 14, 2017
This is the first time an official from the government has visited their community. Residents of Grant Sand Road, Soesdyke, East Bank, Demerara told Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Annette Ferguson when she visited the community on Tuesday.
During the visit, the need for improved roadways and drainage, potable water and a stable electricity supply were among the many issues raised with the minister. The residents pointed out that the dire situation the community faces is a one they have faced for more than a decade and no one paid attention to them under the previous government.
After listening to the residents' concerns Minister Ferguson subsequently assured the residents that the issues raised will be forwarded to the relevant Ministers to be addressed. The infrastructural issues will also be addressed by her Ministry shortly.
By: Ranetta La Fleur
Last week was the high point of the Dota 2 competitive year: it was the week of The International, Valve's biggest tournament. On Saturday, Team Liquid walked away with more than $10 million after defeating Newbee 3-0 in the grand final.
Right now, one of the requirements to be a good Dota 2 player is that you've got to be a living, breathing human. The game does include some basic computer-controlled bots to practice against, but any seasoned player of the game should have no trouble prevailing over these bots, even on their hardest "Unfair" difficulty (though the Unfair Viper bot is a legendary jerk that's utterly miserable to play against). Last Friday, however, we got a hint of a new, altogether more threatening kind of computer-controlled player: an AI-controlled bot built by Elon Musk's OpenAI. The OpenAI bot took on a number of professional players and it crushed them.
The OpenAI bot can't play the full game of Dota 2. It can play only one hero, Shadow Fiend, of the game's 113 playable characters (with two more coming later this year); it can only play against Shadow Fiend; and rather than playing in five-on-five matches, it plays a very narrow subset of the game: one-on-one solo matches.
These aren't random choices; 1v1 solo mid Shadow Fiend mirror matches, where two humans both play Shadow Fiend against one another, are a classic showcase of individual player ability. Shadow Fiend is played this way for a few reasons. First, he has three skill shot magical attacks (near, medium, and far Shadow Razes) that put a particular emphasis on positioning and judgement to successfully land the attack (or dodge it).
Second, while his regular attack damage starts off very low, he has a very powerful steroid ability, called Necromastery. Each time he successfully lands the killing blow on a creep (automated drone units that spawn every 30 seconds and mindlessly fight one another) he captures that creep's soul, gaining two points of bonus damage. This means that more than most other heroes in the game, Shadow Fiend particularly rewards accurate last hits (the Dota 2 terminology for a killing blow).
The OpenAI bot doesn't know how to play Dota 2. But over hundreds of in-game hours of playing 1v1 solo mid Shadow Fiend games against itself in Microsoft's Azure cloud, the AI started to learn how to win the game. Early iterations of the bot AI would just stand around in their base, wander the map aimlessly, and end up getting killed in stupid ways. As we might expect from a bot, the AI is very strong at last hitting; it can precisely judge when to time its attacks to land the killing blows. Similarly, it's very good at precisely judging the range of its Shadow Raze spells.
But the bot went beyond that, discovering other techniques that are well-known to human players. For example, the Shadow Raze spell has a short wind-up before the spell is actually cast. If a "stop" command is given during this wind-up, the spell is cancelled. This fake casting is useful because opponents will see the wind-up and try to dodge the incoming spell; a well-timed fake cast can force the opponent to move to a less-favorable position or miss a last hit, without expending any mana or putting the spell onto cooldown. The AI can also manipulate the creep positioning by selectively drawing their aggression.
After about two weeks of training, the OpenAI bot was able to consistently beat the Dota 2 pros. Over the course of last week, it was pitted against big names in the scene, such as Artour "Arteezy" Babaev and Sumail "Suma1L" Hassan (both of North American team Evil Geniuses), and former pros such as William "Blitz" Lee. All of these players are known for their play in the mid lane (where one-on-one matchups are the norm); none of them took a game off the AI. On stage, we saw the bot take on Danil "Dendi" Ishutin, arguably the most beloved of all Dota 2 players and another strong mid player. The bot relentlessly crushed him 2-0.
Having defeated the pros, the bot was thrown open to attendees at KeyArena. In-game cosmetics were offered to the first 50 people who could beat the bot. The bot did in fact fall, with all 50 cosmetics being won, mostly by using cheesy techniques to distract the enemy creeps or buying unusual items. This exploits a weakness of the AI; it's much less good at handling situations it has never seen before than a human would be.
The OpenAI team says that playing Dota 2, even in this limited way, is considerably more complex than playing a game such as chess or Go. Not only is the range of possible actions greater, but Dota 2 has hidden information; players can stand out of vision, for example, so the bot doesn't know where an attack might come from. OpenAI's next goal is to devise bots that can playful five-on-five matches, collaborating and communicating with each other to play as an actual team.
That's an enormously larger undertaking, of course, but if they can pull it off, humanity's domination of Dota 2 is clearly going to end: Skynet is going to beat us all.
Listing image by Valve
Merck CEO Resigns From A Trump Business Council, Citing His Conscience
Enlarge this image toggle caption Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for his ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in his remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
NEW YORK (AP) - McDonald's says it has reached a settlement with a U.S. labor agency over a lawsuit that could have decided if the fast-food company should be liable for hiring, pay and other decisions made at its franchised restaurants.
The lawsuit, filed in 2016 by the National Labor Relations Board, contended that McDonald's should be considered a "joint employer" with its franchises. But the settlement, if approved by a judge, would squash that.
NLRB did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
McDonald's Corp., based in Oak Brook, Illinois, says the settlement is the first step toward ending "wasteful multi-year litigation."
If shoulder pads weren't your thing, perhaps Giuseppe Zanotti x Faith Connexion's newest concoction will lure you into the'80s hype that loomed over fashion month.
Combining the elegance of pristine black stilettos with '80s accents—namely legwarmers—the collaboration bloomed out of inspiration from the Madonna era, combining what the brands call "the fluidity of an elegant dancer and rock-n-roll." The back of each limited edition heel features a crystal embellished in-cut that adds a tinge of opulence to the sleek, satin strapped heels. Joining them, the glitter dusted legwarmers are designed to stretch over the top of the shoes and foot and up to the knee, in true "Flashdance" fashion.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Faith Connexion
The legwarmers were influenced by Faith Connexion's penchant for streetwear flare, while the heels followed Zanotti's tradition of sleek footwear. Overall, the retro, embellished design certainly echos the exuberant collections of the Fall/Winter 2018 ready-to-wear collections, many of which paraded large shoulder pads, jewel encrusted bags, and slouchy boots down the runways of New York, London, Milan and Paris.
Giuseppe Zanotti x Faith Connexion is available online now.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Eubank Jr will defend his IBO World Title against Avni Yildirim on Saturday night.
The Brit is in Stuttgart for the quarter-final of the inaugural World Boxing Super Series.
Eubank's crown isn't the only thing up for grabs with the Muhammad Ali Trophy being handed to the winner.
This is the first of the four quarter-finals with some big names in the draw.
Here is all you need to know ahead of the showdown
When is it?
The bout will take place on Saturday October 7 at the Hanns-Martin-Schleyer Halle.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
What time are the ring walks?
The fight is expected to get underway at around 10pm so expect the ring walks just before that.
How can I watch?
Eubank's title defence will be again shown live on ITV Box Office.
Coverage gets underway at 6:45pm.
If you can't get to a TV, you can follow all the action with MirrorSport.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Odds
Eubank Jr - 1/6
Yildirim - 4/1
Draw - 33/1
Super-middleweight draw
Callum Smith BEAT Erik Skoglund
George Groves vs Jamie Cox (October 14)
Juergen Braehmer vs Rob Brant (October 27)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Cruiserweight draw
Oleksandr Usyk BEAT Marco Huck
Mairis Briedis BEAT Mike Perez
Yunier Dorticos BEAT Dmitry Kudryashov
Murat Gassiev vs Krzysztof Wlodarczyk
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
A Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra has sought attorney general K.K. Venugopal's assistance in the ‘two constituencies' issue. The bench will hear the matter on Tuesday. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear a plea challenging the legal provision that allows an individual to contest elections simultaneously from two constituencies.
A bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra sought attorney general K.K. Venugopal's assistance in the matter. The bench will hear the matter on Tuesday.
The public interest litigation (PIL) brought by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesperson and advocate Ashwini Kumar Upadhyay seeks quashing of provisions under the Representation of People Act, 1951 (RPA) that allow a person to contest election for the same office from two constituencies at the same time.
The petitioner argued that such provisions are “invalid and ultra vires the Constitution of India and its basic structure”.
When a candidate contests from two seats, he has to vacate one of the two if he wins both.
This imposes a financial burden on the public exchequer, government manpower and other resources because by-elections have to be held in constituency that has been vacated.
It is also an injustice to the voters of the constituency which the candidate quits, the petition said.
The petition quotes the Law Commission's 255th report as agreeing with the Election Commission's suggestion to amend the Act in order to stop the practice.
Section 33(7) of the Representation of People Act permits a candidate to contest any election (Parliamentary, state assembly, biennial council, or byelections) from up to two constituencies, presumably to give greater flexibility to candidates and increase their chances of winning a seat.
NBA launching version of Little League World Series; qualifier coming to King of Prussia
NBA launching version of Little League World Series; qualifier coming to King of Prussia May 22
Kevin Harvick, Kyle Busch have dominated, but NASCAR Cup season far from over
Kevin Harvick, Kyle Busch have dominated, but NASCAR Cup season far from over May 30
John Smallwood has been on our staff since 1994. He began as the beat writer for Villanova University basketball and was promoted to columnist in 1995. He has won several awards while covering almost every major sporting event, including the Super Bowl, World Series, NBA Finals, Stanley Cup Finals, Final Four, World Cup and Olympics. His focus now is on writing Philly.com's Sports Tonight columns.
Kevin Harvick celebrates after winning the NASCAR Cup Series auto race at Kansas Speedway on Saturday, May 12, 2018, in Kansas City, Kan.
The Pocono 400 on Sunday officially marks the start of the second half of the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series regular season.
After the first 13 races, Kevin Harvick and Kyle Busch have separated themselves as the drivers most likely to end up in victory lane after any given race.
Combined, Harvick (five) and Busch (four) have won nine of the 13 races and both have had winning streaks of three consecutive races.
Last weekend at Charlotte Motor Speedway, Harvick collected a $1 million bonus for winning the All-Star Race on Saturday, but Busch took the Coca-Cola 600 on Sunday.
Still, while Harvick and Busch look like the drivers to beat going into the “Tricky Triangle,” it doesn't mean either will win and it certainly does not mean the race for the Monster Energy Cup championship is close to being over.
After the Pocono 400, 12 races will remain to determine which 16 drivers will qualify for the playoffs.
That's the sweet spot for the 30 full-time drivers — first, qualify for the playoffs, and then drive in the final 10 races to advance to each stage. A stage is three races, after which four racers with the fewest points are eliminated. The final stage is a one-race shootout between the last four remaining drivers. Whoever places highest is the champion.
That's a lot of ifs, ands or buts.
Last season, Toyotas won 16 races to take the manufacturers title. This season, Fords have seven wins.
If one crew has a car that is running even slightly better, every other team is working non-stop on how to improve the odds and then sway things in their favor.
“Teams are constantly changing things and trying to make their cars better,” said reigning champion Martin Truex Jr. “It's not like you build 10 cars and then just race them all season,
“It's a week-to-week thing where you are constantly changing stuff. You're constantly going into the wind tunnel, working on your engines, and doing all the things you need to do to try to get faster. It's definitely a moving target.”
The best team now might not be the best team on Nov. 18 when the final race – Ford EcoBoost 400 – is run at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
The regular season matters because bonus playoff points are gained (5 for a race win, 1 for a stage win). There is a whopping 25 for winning the regular-season championship.
A driver who wins a race during the regular season automatically qualifies for the playoffs. If more than 16 drivers win a race, which is not likely, playoff points will be the tie-breaker.
If the field is not filled by race-winners, playoff points decide the final spots.
Last season, 13 drivers qualified for the playoffs with wins.
So far this season, Harvick, Busch, Truex, Joey Logano, Clint Bowyer, and Austin Dillon have won races.
Having 10 playoff spots available with 13 races remaining sets the stage for some intense racing for wins and/or playoff points the rest of the way.
With so many variables affecting a race, the only thing to expect is the unexpected.
BAGHDAD (AP) — French President Francois Hollande has arrived in Iraq amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
During his one-day visit which started on Monday, Hollande is scheduled to meet with Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in the capital, Baghdad. Later, he'll travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
The visit comes as Iraqi troops, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul.
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declaring an Islamic “caliphate.” Like some European countries, France has suffered terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Central Michigan guard Presley Hudson, right, goes up to shoot against Ohio State guard Linnae Harper during the first half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Columbus, Ohio, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Vernon)
Central Michigan guard Presley Hudson, right, goes up to shoot against Ohio State guard Linnae Harper during the first half of a second-round game in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in Columbus, Ohio, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Vernon)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Cassie Breen threw the ball high the air as the clock wound down Monday night on the biggest victory in Central Michigan women's basketball history. Seconds later her joyous teammates and coaches were falling into each other's arms.
Presley Hudson scored 28 points and the No. 11 Chippewas hit a season-high 14 3-pointers in stunning No. 3 Ohio State 95-78 on Monday night to earn the school's first ever trip to the Sweet 16.
Central Michigan (30-4) had won its first tournament game ever in Saturday's first-round upset of No. 6 Louisiana State. With the improbable rout of streaking Ohio State, the Chippewas advance to face No. 2 Oregon in Spokane, Washington, on Saturday.
"We're living the life right now," Breen said. "We're on the highest frequency, and we just want to keep it there. We want to celebrate with everybody."
Central Michigan out-rebounded and out-hustled Ohio State, played taut defense and kept the Buckeyes at bay late in the game.
The Chippewas got plenty of help in the upset from the error-prone Buckeyes, who got behind in the first half and then were run over by momentum and couldn't climb back in. Central Michigan led by as much as 23 points in the second half as Ohio State struggled to put together a run that would shift the tide.
"I think it was more mentally when things weren't going our way, we didn't respond to that adversity like we have, and those were the times Central Michigan really made us pay," Ohio State coach Kevin McGuff said.
All-American guard Kelsey Mitchell led Ohio State (28-7) with 28 points but hit just 11 of her 29 shots from the floor. Mitchell ended her storied career as the second-leading scorer in NCAA history, but it was wasted as the Buckeyes were denied their third straight trip to the Sweet 16. Mitchell passed Jackie Stiles on Monday and finished with 3,402 points.
"We lost," said an emotional Mitchell when asked about the feat. "That's all I can say."
Breen had 22 points, and Tinara Moore added 20 points and 10 rebounds in Central Michigan's balanced attack. The team his 14 of 27 3-point tries, including Breen's 5 for 9.
"This team will not fold," Chippewas coach Sue Guevara said. "This team is very tough, this team is very focused. We know what we had to do and we went out and did it."
Stephanie Mavunga had 16 points and 15 rebounds, and Linnae Harper added 14 points for Ohio State (28-7).
BIG PICTURE
Central Michigan: The aggressive and balanced MAC team blows by the Buckeyes with deadly 3-pointers, then keeps up the pressure in the second half to extend their best ever tournament run.
Ohio State: Mitchell gets her game going a little too late and some of her teammates look discombobulated for much of the evening. The Buckeyes hurt themselves as much as Central Michigan dominated them, shooting 39.7 percent for the game.
"Central Michigan did a good job of capitalizing off of what we did wrong," Mavunga said.
MAC ATTACK
The Chippewas were joined in the Sweet 16 by fellow MAC school Buffalo, which knocked off No. 3 seed Florida State.
"Buffalo is a pretty good team," said Central Michigan guard Micaela Kelly, who had 15 points Monday night. "We're putting on for the MAC and showing the world we actually can compete with bigger conferences."
BUCKEYE EXODUS
Ohio State seniors Mitchell, Mavunga, Harper and Asia Doss will move on, leaving McGuff with a rebuilding job. The players talked about making the most of their last NCAA run together, but they were run over on Monday.
Mitchell finished her career with a 3-pointer in an NCAA record 92 straight games.
UP NEXT
Central Michigan moves on to play Oregon next Saturday in Spokane, Washington.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRANITE CITY, Ill. - Several businesses across Madison County hosted dine out events on Friday night to help raise money for a Pontoon Beach police officer who was injured in the line of duty. The money will help pay for Officer Lee Brousseau's medical bills.
On January 25, Brousseau was seriously injured in a head-on crash that killed the other driver. Brousseau still has a long road of recovery ahead of him and the community came out to show its support.
Uncle Linny's Restaurant in Pontoon Beach donated 15 percent of its sales Friday to the cause. Pizza World in Granite City also hosted a DIN out event and donated 15 percent of sales. If you missed to dine out events and want to donate, Shirts Galore in Pontoon Beach is making t-shirts to support Brousseau. You can order one online here: https://pontoonpd.itemorder.com/sale.
Upcoming Dine Out/Fundraising Events for Officer Brousseau:
February 16 - 4 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Ravanelli's
Granite City and Collinsville locations
25% of your bill will be donated. Dine in only.
February 22 - All day
Texas Road House
All locations:
Edwardsville, Illinois
Shiloh, Illinois
Kirkwood, Missouri
St. Charles, Missouri
Arnold, Missouri
Ballwin, Missouri
Tell your server you are there for Officer Brousseau and 10% of your dining check will be donated
Gene's Auto Body
4055 Pontoon Rd., Pontoon Beach, IL 62040
Gene's Auto Body pledges to donate 5% of their monthly gross profit to the Brousseau Family for the months of February, March, and April.
Follow the Village of Pontoon Beach on Facebook for information on more events: https://www.facebook.com/pontoonbeachil/
Links:
https://www.unclelinnysrestaurant.com/
http://www.pizzaworldonline.com
http://www.shirtsgalore.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor vs Floyd Mayweather Jr is on!
The worst kept secret in fighting has finally been revealed with the superfight set to take place later this summer.
UFC legend McGregor will take on the unbeaten five division boxing champion Mayweather.
The pair have both confirmed the event will happen on their social media pages - with the Irishmen taking a chance to troll his 40-year-old American rival.
The Dubliner agreed to a deal with UFC president Dana White to allow him to fight Mayweather in a boxing match.
And through his promotions company, Mayweather reserved the summer date with the Nevada Commission.
But when is all the action? How can you watch it? What are all the details?
Here is everything that you need to know...
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: thenotoriousmma /Instagram)
When will the fight take place?
The date to put in the diary on Saturday, August 26, although the fight will likely start in the early hours of the Sunday morning UK time.
Where will the fight take place?
McGregor and Mayweather will slug it out at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. The venue has a capacity of 20,000 for ring based events.
It has previously seen Canelo Alvarez vs. Amir Khan, Canelo Alvarez vs. Julio Cesar Chavez Jr., Gennady Golovkin vs. Canelo Alvarez, UFCs 200, 202, 207, 209 and 213 take place.
Ticket prices have not been announced yet.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Where can I watch the fight?
If you can't get your hands, or stump up the cash, for tickets, you'll be desperate to know how you can watch it.
While Showtime will broadcast the fight live on pay-per-view in the United States, there is likely to be a bidding war between Sky Sports and BT Sport in the UK.
Whichever TV station gets the rights, Sky Go or the BT Sports app will be the places to go to watch the fight on the go.
(Photo: Getty)
How much will the fighters earn?
The mega-fight could generate upwards of £500million.
UFC head honcho Dana White expects McGregor to earn around $100m - although the breakdown of that figure has not been broken down.
Mayweather is thought to have negotiated a bigger slice of the profits.
The fight is expected to break all television box office records.
(Photo: Ezra Shaw)
What are the rules?
According to TMZ, the fighters will use 10 ounce gloves in a 12 round boxing fight.
Both McGregor and Mayweather will be tested by USAGA for performing enhancing drugs after the fight.
(Photo: PA)
What weight will they fight at?
They will fight at the light-middleweight limit of 154lb - a weight at which McGregor beat Oscar De La Hoya in 2007.
Fighters' records
McGregor - UFC
25 fights
22 wins (18 KOs)
3 defeats
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter)
Mayweather - Professional Boxing
49 fights
49 wins (26 KOs)
0 defeats
Who is on the undercard?
All that has been revealed so far is that there will be an undercard, which will comprise of boxing rather than MMA.
Heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has previously hinted he wants his next fight to be on the undercard of McGregor vs Mayweather - after he sensationally beat Wladimir Klitschko earlier this year.
That seems unlikely as the Brit has been an exception to his IBF title.
(Photo: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Betting Odds
Floyd Mayweather 1/12
Conor McGregor 6/1
Draw 25/1
(Odds courtesy of Sky Bet)
FILE - In this April 28, 2015, file photo, students wait outside Everest College in Industry, Calif., hoping to get their transcriptions and information on loan forgiveness and transferring credits to other schools. Corinthian Colleges shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses on April 27, displacing 16,000 students. A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief. The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayersâ€™ money. The agency said it will use studentsâ€™ earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive. (AP Photo/Christine Armario, File)
FILE - In this April 28, 2015, file photo, students wait outside Everest College in Industry, Calif., hoping to get their transcriptions and information on loan forgiveness and transferring credits to other schools. Corinthian Colleges shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses on April 27, displacing 16,000 students. A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief. The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayersâ€™ money. The agency said it will use studentsâ€™ earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive. (AP Photo/Christine Armario, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief.
The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayers' money. The agency said it will use students' earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive.
Some students have already received noticed from the department they will see only 50 percent or less of their loan wiped out, the Associated Press reported last week.
But a motion filed by several former Corinthian students over the weekend claims that the agency had obtained the figures from the Social Security Administration in violation of several laws as well as the Constitution. Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University representing the students say the agency should have turned to the students for their data as well as notified them of its actions in order to give them a chance to react.
The department "has secretly and illegally coopted Social Security data to try to argue for something less than the complete cancellation and refund that these borrowers are due," said attorney Joshua Rovenger.
The motion, filed in federal court in California, is asking that the notices of partial relief be rescinded. The filing is part of a larger suit against the department.
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation.
The Social Security Administration did not return requests for comment.
The Obama administration went hard after for-profit colleges accused of fraud, closing down Corinthian and other major chains and tightening regulations for those schools. The administration also spent $550 million to fully forgive student loans for tens of thousands of students.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has set out to overhaul the sector. She says the Obama regulations were unfair and is writing new ones. She says her new system of partial loan forgiveness will be fairer to students and taxpayers.
Tens of thousands more students are currently waiting for the agency to decide their cases.
More than 82,000 small businesses employ 53.3 percent of Miami-Dade County's workforce, according to a new study commissioned by the Florida SBDC at FIU. This stands in sharp contrast to the rest of the U.S., where large companies employ the majority of workers.
Produced by the FIU Metropolitan Center, Small Business. Big Impact: Report on Small Businesses in Miami-Dade County 2018 also reveals a high concentration of microbusinesses, those with fewer than 10 employees, in the region. Of six comparison counties studied, Miami-Dade had the highest percentage of microbusinesses, representing 81.3 percent of all businesses in the county.
The study, which provides an in-depth look at Miami-Dade County's small-business establishments, also looks at the wages paid to employees. The average annual wage is $44,803 at a one-employee firm in Miami-Dade and $43,437 in a firm with two to nine employees.
However, the average wages were not typical. When looking at the aggregate median wages – a listing of the average wages paid by firms based on company size – half the one-employee companies paid an average wage of $24,000 or less. For businesses with two to nine employees, half the companies had average wages of $30,667 or less.
While South Florida is adding new businesses at a rapid rate, those companies are not necessarily producing jobs. The report shows that between 2005 and 2015, the number of non-employer establishments in the Miami-Dade area rose 55.9 percent, almost three times the national rate.
“Not all entrepreneurship and not all small businesses contribute to the economy equally,” says Jacqueline Bueno Sousa, regional director of the Florida SBDC at FIU. “This study helps us understand which small businesses and entrepreneurial ventures are having the biggest positive impact.”
Florida SBDC at FIU is the small business development center at the FIU College of Business. The center works with more than 900 entrepreneurs and business owners each year, offering no-cost consulting and guidance on topics including growth acceleration, access to capital and market analysis.
Harvey Weinstein's defense attorney says Weinstein won't appear before the New York grand jury meeting Wednesday to hear testimony on the sex-crimes charges against him.
Attorney Ben Brafman issued a statement Wednesday saying he advised Weinstein to skip the grand jury hearing because of a lack of time to prepare.
"After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the Grand Jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," said the statement sent to USA TODAY. "The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day Weekend and a deadline for his appearance set for Wednesday (at) 2 p.m.
"Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the Grand Jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr. Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the Grand Jury."
Weinstein turned himself into New York police on Friday and was charged with felony sex crimes, including first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sex act, stemming from encounters in New York with two women, including one who was unidentified.
On Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with Manhattan prosecutors and a judge to discuss the case, Brafman told reporters the unidentified accuser was in a decade-long relationship with Weinstein that continued after the alleged attack on her in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013.
"Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the Rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013," Brafman's statement Wednesday said.
Ben Brafman, attorney for Harvey Weinstein, arrives at the New York County Criminal Court, May 25, 2018.
Julio Cortez/ AP
Although Weinstein's personal testimony before the grand jury could be "compelling," Brafman's statement said "an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on (Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus) Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein."
Vance has been criticized by New York police detectives, by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and by the New York state attorney general's office in connection with accusations against Weinstein, both current and dating to 2015.
Back then, Vance's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to press charges against Weinstein after an Italian model accused him of groping her, despite an audio tape of him seeming to acknowledge her accusations.
Story developing...
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
South Carolina women's basketball coach Dawn Staley is still celebrating the Gamecocks' first national championship.
Staley contributed the ceremonial first serve at the USC men's tennis match Friday, then threw out the first pitch at softball Saturday.
“This is good. This is fun,” Staley said Saturday. “Any time you can share the national championship spirit, you want to give it to the rest of the sports here.”
The Gamecocks' quest for back-to-back titles will be challenging, according to ESPN women's bracketologist Charlie Creme, who projects USC as No. 6 in his way-too-early Top 25 released Monday. Creme has UConn as the early favorites to be No. 1.
“So much for the defending champs being the biggest threat to UConn's return to the top,” Creme wrote of the Gamecocks in ranking them sixth.
Creme attributed some of the uncertainty surrounding the 2017-18 Gamecocks to the expected loss of senior Alaina Coates and the early departures of Kaela Davis and Allisha Gray to the WNBA.
Staley's “11th-rated recruiting class might be pressed into major minutes earlier than expected, especially 6-foot-1 Elisia Grissett,” Creme wrote. “Tyasha Harris should be even more confident as a sophomore point guard, and A'ja Wilson will be a favorite for every national player of the year award.”
Mars Rover Curiosity's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries, picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown, NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work.
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012, searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life. And earlier this week, while on a brief break from mountain climbing, Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months.
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater, where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image:
The view from "Vera Rubin Ridge" on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site, all inside Gale Crater. Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
"Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater," said Vasavada. The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars' winter solstice, a season of clear skies, gaining a sharp view of distant details.
Curiosity's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012.
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge. Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016. It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points, and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm.
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight. It'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars. Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes. That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of.
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time, as Space.com reports, "both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there."
"With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond, understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning," David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, explained.
When A Full-Time Job Isn't Enough To Make It
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ilana Kohn/Ikon Images/Getty Images Ilana Kohn/Ikon Images/Getty Images
A new NPR/Marist poll finds that 1 in 5 jobs in America is held by a worker under contract. Within a decade, contractors and freelancers could make up half of the American workforce. In a series, NPR explores many aspects of this change.
After working full time at a museum, Emily Doherty does something millions of Americans do each day: head to a second job. In her case, it means donning a petticoat to portray a Colonial-era woman at living-history museums or national parks, where she sings and play-acts.
The 28-year-old needs the extra work so she can make ends meet, plus pay her $500-per-month student loan payment. Doherty is among the 30 percent of Americans who do something else for pay in addition to their full-time jobs, according to a recent NPR/Marist poll.
"I'd like to own a house someday," says Doherty, who lives in Virginia. "The only way I'm going to be able to do that is if I work two jobs."
Indeed, student loan debt has been mounting and totals nearly $1.4 trillion, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Doherty's second job means she barely has any time for herself or her friends on weeknights or even weekends. But it lets her chip away at her debt.
The emotional cost is high. Each day, she gets off from her day job around 5 p.m. and rushes home to heat up dinner and change into her costume. Then, she works as many as four hours. She hits bed around 11, and does it again the next day. And on weekends, her performances can last another eight hours.
All that extra work has meant missing weddings or sharing an evening beer with a friend, she says. "You start losing your support system, which is one of the most incredibly important things you can have if you're working this much," she says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fred Blystone/Meadow and Stars LLC Fred Blystone/Meadow and Stars LLC
That can affect people's personal well-being and also their family life, says Susan Lambert, an associate professor at the University of Chicago's School of Social Service Administration.
"Often, they are faced with that very hard decision of whether they take on another job, or they spend time at home having dinner with their children," she says.
Straddling that delicate balance can be a challenge for people like Jon Jacobs, 31, who has two small children and works full-time as a substance addiction therapist in Milwaukee. He also has student loans, for graduate school. Jacobs had a second job as a bartender for years, but he switched to driving for Lyft a year ago because of the flexibility it offered.
"I just decided eventually it just really wasn't worth it," he says. "It didn't line up with our life goals, and who I wanted to be as a parent. I can see the difference, especially with my son who's almost two (and says), 'Daddy's home at night.' "
Jacobs makes less money than he did bartend, but he says the small financial sacrifice is worth it so he can spend more time with his kids.
But earning less is not a choice for Doherty, the museum worker: She faces that student loan payment every month. "I fully expect my federal loans to not be paid back before I die," she says.
Like many moonlighters NPR spoke to, Doherty says she's working toward financial peace of mind.
"I hope that in the future, I am able to come to a place where I am financially stable enough to do just what drives me, and what makes me happy," she says.
And what would make her really happy is seeing her family back in Maine. She hasn't seen them in three years. She's saving up — bit by bit — for a plane ticket home this summer to watch her younger sister perform in a local play.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. 'THE INCIDENT DEFINITELY LOOKED DELIBERATE'
Police in Toronto are piecing together witness accounts and surveillance video trying to determine why suspect Alek Minassian, 25, plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk, killing 10 people.
2. AUTHORITIES LOOKING INTO BIZARRE PAST OF WAFFLE HOUSE SUSPECT
Travis Reinking had told deputies in Illinois that Taylor Swift was stalking him; jumped into a community pool wearing a pink woman's coat over his underwear; and entered a restricted area near the White House.
3. WHAT'S ON MENU FOR MACRON'S WASHINGTON VISIT
A sit-down between Trump and the French president — with the Iran nuclear deal high on the agenda — followed by a joint news conference highlight the business portion of the day, capped by a lavish state dinner.
4. AFTER NASSAR SCANDAL, MORE TROUBLING SIGNS FOR MICHIGAN STATE
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The university has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after he was publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls he trained in the 1980s, AP learns.
5. US TONES DOWN WAR GAMES WITH SOUTH KOREA
As the Koreas prepare for their first summit in more than a decade, there is something different in the air: the hope of detente — or a much-needed respite.
6. INTRIGUE GROWS OVER PRO-SAUDI TABLOID
The mystery behind the origins of a fawning pro-Saudi magazine, from the publishing company that owns The National Enquirer, that showed up on U.S. newsstands is growing amid revelations that the Saudi Embassy in Washington got a sneak peek, AP discovers.
7. MISSISSIPPI INMATES WAITING FOR TRIAL STUCK IN LOCAL JAILS
A new survey provided exclusively to the AP shows more than one-third of all of those jailed before trial had a stay of more than 90 consecutive days, and that more than 500 have been in jail longer than a year.
8. WHERE TRUMP'S TARIFF PLAN WOULD HIT HARD
The president's dispute with China over trade and technology is threatening jobs and profits in working-class communities where his "America First" agenda hit home.
9. OPIOID TREATMENT GAP IN MEDICARE: METHADONE CLINICS
A White House commission, the nation's governors and addiction experts are calling for Medicare to start paying for treatment in methadone clinics, and Congress is considering legislation.
10. JAZZ SEIZE CONTROL OF SERIES WITH THUNDER
Spurred by Donovan Mitchell and Joe Ingles, Utah uses a 20-3 run midway through en route to a 113-96 win and a 3-1 series lead against Oklahoma City.
To extend the National Health Mission to 2020, a think-tank led by Narendra Modi and the finance ministry in March told health officials to rework the original proposal. Photo: HT
New Delhi: India's health ministry has trimmed its cost estimates for extending its main public health programme by 25% after criticism from a federal think-tank over inefficiency and slow progress, according to government documents seen by Reuters.
The new estimate of $25 billion for a three-year extension of the flagship health programme, down from an initial figure of about $33 billion, comes as Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushes a multi-pronged agenda to revamp health services.
Planned reforms include streamlining spending and bureaucracy, slashing prices of life-saving drugs and medical devices, and nudging companies such as PepsiCo to make more healthy products.
To extend the National Health Mission to 2020, a think-tank led by Modi and the finance ministry in March told health officials to rework the original proposal with “realistic” budget expectations and to incorporate lessons from neighbours such as Nepal and Bangladesh, the documents show.
In response, the health ministry has resubmitted a plan with lower cost estimates and a list of targets to be achieved by 2020, including strengthening health infrastructure and reducing tobacco use.
The finance ministry, which will review the plan for approval this month, did not respond to a request for comment. The federal think-tank, NITI Aayog, declined to comment.
India's National Health Mission is one of the world's largest public health programmes. It provides free drugs and treatment to millions of rural poor and helped to eradicate polio.
But the public health system is in a shambles and India ranks poorly on key indicators—more than a million children die every year before reaching the age of five.
After focusing on maternal and child health for years, the programme will broaden priorities to tackle a growing burden of non-communicable diseases such as cancer, heart disease and diabetes, according to the documents.
The ministry has proposed increasing spending to treat such ailments from about $150 million this year to $1.5 billion in 2019-20, according to the new proposal which includes spending contributions from states.
The annual funding for strengthening the health system, including ramping up infrastructure and the work force, will more than double to about $3 billion in 2019-20, the documents show.
The new funding estimates are in line with a goal of raising health spending to 2.5% of gross domestic product by 2025, from 1.15%, a health ministry official said.
Criticism, revamp
The NITI Aayog was at first against the continuation of the National Health Mission, according to a record of government meetings reviewed by Reuters.
During a March meeting to discuss the proposal, the NITI Aayog's health adviser said the programme needed a “course correction” and needed to improve standards.
The adviser, Alok Kumar, also pointed out that despite investment in the programme, public facilities were not attracting enough patients, documents showed.
Because rural hospitals in India are often dilapidated and suffer from a shortage of doctors, it is not uncommon for people to shun them and travel long distances in search of quality healthcare.
In the reworked plan, the ministry has prioritised out-patient departments, and aims to reduce premature mortality from cancer or heart ailments by a tenth and cut tobacco use by 7% by 2020, the documents showed.
Kumar pointed out in the March meeting that Bangladesh and Nepal had performed “better with even lower resources”. Kumar declined to comment.
Data from World Health Organization (WHO) shows that Nepal, for example, had an under-five mortality ratio of 35.8 per 1,000 births, compared with India's ratio of 47.7.
Health officials acknowledged in the meeting that results had yet to achieve levels of neighbouring countries. Reuters
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So Arsenal isn't in crisis this week, then.
The Gunners survived a Monday night trial by Middlesbrough to earn a hard-fought 2-1 victory at the Riverside Stadium, with goals in either half from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil proving enough to cancel out an Alvaro Negredo equaliser for the hosts.
Arsene Wenger had experimented with a back three for the clash in the north-east, with fans preparing for the worst when they saw an unfamiliar line-up which included rookie defender Rob Holding, who was making only his fourth Premier League start of the season.
(Photo: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Photo: PA)
But the visitors held out for a big three points in their efforts to finish in the top four.
It was a win greeted with a sense of relief by Gunners fans, but by a sense of disappointment from fans of many other clubs, because one of their recent traditions has been ruined.
They'll be not logging on to a certain YouTube channel tonight.
Some wondered just was goes on there when the Gunners actually win
Plenty just seemed angry about it
And some think that the usual madness will be back at the weekend
We'll just have to wait and see!
According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc., “Polyphthalamide Market by Type (Carbon Fiber Filled, Glass Fiber Filled, Mineral Filled and Unfilled) by Application Type (Automotive, Electronics & Electrical, Industrial Equipment & Apparatus, Consumer & Personal Care and Others)” – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2023”, the worldwide polyphthalamide (PPA) market was valued at US$ 731.94 Mn in 2015. In the same year, in terms of volume the market was 144.42 kilo tons.
Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/polypthalamide-market
Market Insights:
The global polyphthalamide (PPA) market is projected to experience significant growth over the forecast period due to increasing demand for light weight automotive components. Rise in demand from electronics and electrical segment is another factor contributing towards market growth. Polyphthalamide is very resistant to chemicals and exhibits minimum changes in physical properties after moisture uptake; this is very vital in electrical and electronics fields when components undergo lead-free reflow soldering and functional parts must have extremely good dimensional stability. These include connectors, micro switches and micro sensors, and even semi-conductor components such as the reflector housings of light-emitting diodes (LED).
However, owing to high production cost of polyphthalamide (PPA) when compared to other thermoplastics nylons they are highly being utilized for high-end applications which acts as the major factor restraining the market growth. Rise in disposable income, shift in trend towards more technologically advanced products, strong vehicle production growth along with rising demand for high-end cars, especially from emerging economies such as India, China, Brazil and Malaysia among others offers huge untapped market potential.
Competitive Insights:
New product development is one of the major areas being focused by the companies intended to offer better and efficient components especially for portable devices. This is majorly intended to offer sustainable solutions to various end users especially automotive manufacturers. Some of the key players present in this market are EMS Chemie Holding AG, Solvay S.A., DUPONT EI DE Nemours & Co., Arkema S.A., Evonik Industries AG and SABIC among others.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/chemicals-market
Key Trends:
Rise in demand from automotive and electronics & electrical application
New product development is one of the major areas being focused by the companies
Emerging Economies offers huge untapped market potential
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Who we are
Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals.
Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa.
Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect.
What we do
We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability.
No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: +1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry will snub his aunt Sarah Ferguson by not inviting her to his wedding, it has been claimed.
Around 600 invites are expected to go out this week for the ceremony on Saturday, May 19.
But the Duchess of York is reportedly among those not to have made the cut.
Prince Andrew's former wife remains a divisive figure in the royal family.
And an insider told the Sun on Sunday: "The Duchess of York is not invited to Harry's wedding.
"The invites are being sent out this week and she's not on the list."
(Image: PA)
It will be especially painful for Fergie because she will have to see many of the same royal crowd at her daughter Eugenie's wedding in October.
A friend reportedly said: "Harry and Meghan have been close to Eugenie and Jack, which had increased Fergie's hopes of getting an invite.
"But Harry doesn't trust Fergie to keep her mouth shut and respect their privacy."
(Image: Getty)
The precedent may have been set for Harry by his older brother William who didn't invite Fergie to his wedding to Kate Middleton in 2011 either.
It comes amid drama over who will be invited on Meghan's side of the family as well.
Her half-brother Tom wants her to ban his own sons from the wedding as well.
Tom Markle says Thomas, 26, and Tyler, 25, haven't seen Meghan since both were tots.
And he accuses them of trying to cash in on the Markle name.
He also takes a swipe at his ex-wife Tracy Dooley and says of the trio: “They should not be getting any invite to the wedding.”
The outburst from Tom, 51, is the latest twist in a Markle soap opera that will cause further embarrassment ahead of Meghan's nuptials with Prince Harry, 33.
(Image: MEGA)
Tom, who has the same dad as Meghan, told the Sunday Mirror: “Tracy and me stopped living as man and wife three months into the marriage because the relationship was such a disaster. She never wanted the Markle name when we were married and now suddenly she acts like she's still part of the family.
“I don't want her to have anything to do with us and the boys shouldn't go along with it.
"They shouldn't be at the wedding either."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a smell that make most people gag, but it seems that Uranus has the distinct aroma of rotten eggs.
Scientists from the University of Oxford have discovered a cloud of hydrogen sulphide - the gas that gives rotten eggs their smell - surrounding the planet.
In the study, the researchers analysed the infrared light from Uranus, captured by the Gemini North telescope on Hawaii's Maunakea.
Their analysis revealed hydrogen sulphide in Uranus' cloud tops.
(Image: NASA/JPL)
While astronomers have previously theorised that Uranus' clouds contain hydrogen sulphide, this is the first study to prove it.
Patrick Irwin, who led the study, said: “Now, thanks to improved hydrogen sulfide absorption-line data and the wonderful Gemini spectra, we have the fingerprint which caught the culprit.”
Unlike Uranus, Jupiter and Saturn have no hydrogen sulphide int their clouds, and instead have ammonia.
These differences could provide key insights into how the planets formed.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Leigh Fletcher, who also worked on the study, said: “During our Solar System's formation the balance between nitrogen and sulphur (and hence ammonia and Uranus's newly-detected hydrogen sulfide) was determined by the temperature and location of planet's formation.”
The researchers also speculated about what the effects of the levels of hydrogen sulphide around Uranus would be on humans.
Dr Irwin said: “If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odiferous conditions.
“Suffocation and exposure in the negative 200 degrees Celsius atmosphere made of mostly hydrogen, helium, and methane would take its toll long before the smell.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Out of life's many conundrums, finding the best place to watch the Six Nations is a tough one.
So to save you hours of fruitless searching, we've called on our friends at DesignMyNight for the low-down on the best spots across the UK to soak up the action.
From huge HD screens to bottomless pizza and beer, here's where you should be heading to come match day.
Greenwood, Victoria, London
Greenwood is the biggest pub in Victoria and one of the best sports bars in London, so it's no surprise they'll be screening every second of the Six Nations action. They've got a massive 16 screens dotted throughout the venue, so a prime view is pretty much guaranteed. Work your way through their impressive craft beer menu, and make the most of their burger and a pint promotion for just £15 - which is included as part of every pre-booked ticket.
(Image: PA)
The Bull in Streatham, London
If pints of Guinness, roast dinners and rugby happen to be three of your favourite things, you need to be at The Bull in Streatham this Sunday. You'll be greeted with a pint of the black stuff by a brand ambassador, before you take a seat with a perfect view of the screen (and there'll be a Guinness bar nearby if you need a refill). As for the roast, expect a mouth-watering trio of beef, pork belly and chicken served with goose fat roasties, yorkshires and cauliflower cheese. If that doesn't keep you going throughout the game, nothing will.
The Plough in Clapham, London
With the popularity of brunch showing no signs of abating, it's no wonder The Plough in Clapham have incorporated it into their Six Nations offering. You'll be able to catch the England vs Italy game with a seat right next to their plasmas, as you tuck into An English Gent brekky; with sausages, smoked bacon, hash browns, black pudding and eggs, or the veggie option, a V English Gent. All this comes paired with pints of velvety Guinness too, making it more than worth the £15 price tag.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hope & Anchor, Brixton, London
Looking for somewhere to watch the rugby in Brixton? Make sure it's at Hope & Anchor. They've got comfy sofas, huge screens and garden huts if you and your mates fancy your own space. If you can, opt for their Guinness brunch before the game; you'll enjoy two pints of the black stuff, as well as a brunch dish from their themed menu (think baked eggs with chorizo, salt beef sandwiches, burgers and delicious vegetarian options).
Long Arm Pub and Brewery, Shoreditch, London
If you're wondering where to catch the start of the Six Nations this weekend (and you're a craft beer lover) it's worth paying Long Arm Brewery a visit, where guests can enjoy their Tank Fresh beers and watch the match on their huge projector screens. It's worth nabbing a ticket in advance, because doing so will include one of their dribble-worthy burgers and a pint of Heineken.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Bounce (various locations), London
Let's face it, we all know watching the rugby and having a few pints go hand in hand, so why not kit yourself out during the game with two hours of bottomless beer and pizza at Bounce? They've got a designated rugby room, where there will be a 10 foot cinematic projector screen with a private bar, so you needn't worry about your glass being empty. Thought it couldn't get any better? You can also play unlimited ping pong throughout your stay.
Soda, Cardiff
If you're in Cardiff during the Six Nations, make sure you catch all of the action at Soda. Showing every second of the all-important fixtures on huge screens, you can book an area in the lounge to ensure you get the best views in the house. Food and drink-wise; there's a package that includes a pre-game hot fork buffet, three drinks and a steak baguette and chips after the game has finished, all for a nifty £35.
(Image: Evening Gazette)
Walkabout, Brighton
If in search of an epic atmosphere to watch the Six Nations on the south coast, nowhere will beat Walkabout in Brighton. Huge HD screens? Check. Commentary? Check. Stats, team profiles and live social media feeds? Check check check. As a bonus, table service is also available - meaning no queuing at the bar.
Manchester Bierkeller, Manchester
Manchester Bierkeller is a Bavarian-style beer hall, so you can expect a rowdy atmosphere for the Six Nations. They'll be showing every second of the action on their huge projectors,as well as screens all over the venue, so you won't miss any important moments. In terms of booze, expect steins of beer and if you get peckish, tuck into a menu of Bavarian-style eats.
The Lord Clifden, Birmingham
If you're in Birmingham for the Six Nations, make sure you watch the rugby unfold at The Lord Clifden. They'll be utilising their beer garden and open bar to screen the games, leaving you plenty of space to cheer on/berate your team from a safe distance. There will be plenty of draught beers to choose from, alongside dribble-worthy pub grub; think chili, burgers and grilled sandwiches as well as plenty of vegetarian and vegan-friendly options.
For more info on where to watch the Six Nations 2018 in London and across the UK, visit DesignMyNight and follow them on Instagram and Twitter @DesignMyNight
I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Narendra Modi, says former prime minister Manmohan Singh. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Monday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to apologise to the nation for alleging that he was conspiring with Pakistan for BJP's defeat in the Gujarat polls.
Rejecting the charge as “innuendos and falsehoods”, Singh said he was deeply pained by the prime minister's “ill thought transgression”. Addressing an election rally in Palanpur, Gujarat, on Sunday, Modi suggested that Pakistan was trying to influence the assembly polls in the state.
He claimed that some Pakistani officials and Manmohan Singh met at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's house over dinner on 6 December. This was a day before Aiyar's “neech” jibe against Modi. Singh issued a statement on Monday, listing those who attended the dinner, and stressed that the election was not discussed during the meeting.
“I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Modi. “I sincerely hope that he will apologize to the Nation for his ill thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office he occupies,” Singh said in the statement.
A case for real journalism
Scottish philosopher and satirical writer, Thomas Caryle once said “Burke said there were Three Estates in Parliament; but, in the reporters' gallery yonder, there sat a Fourth Estate more important far than they all”. As a student of law and political philosophy, the Trichotomy of power principle has taught me that in theory, there are three pillars of the state namely, Legislature, Executive and Judiciary; however, in practice, a fourth pillar (media) exists which indisputably is the most potent and influential among them.
Right after independence media in Pakistan started to dance to the tunes of orchestra set up by establishment. The sole monopoly in controlling media remained with the establishment who either ruled the country directly or behind the shadows. Pakistan, during much of its existence, has remained under media curbs but nonetheless the daring journalists, despite imprisonment, kept informed the public of the latest political developments. The media all along faced the brutal forces that wanted to muzzle the resurgent voices but no amount of incarcerations and gallows were able to stop the marching forces of liberty and freedom.
However, with the advent of independent electronic channels during Musharraf's era, Pakistan's media landscape has undergone complete metamorphosis. Now, media as a whole and especially electronic media in its new found independence is impacting every facet of the society. The media at the doorstep of the masses and only a click away to broadcast all types of programmes ranging from political, economic, social, religious and entertainment. Media is strengthening the democratic norms in the country and resultantly the populace is more askance about the transparency issues in the governmental functioning. It has cajoled the superior judiciary to adopt more active role in safe guarding the fundamental human rights albeit vigorous watch on government functioning.
All the journalists are supposed to abide by five W`s what, when, who, who from and why, however, these rules are still alien. Journalists in Pakistan have become fortunetellers and catalysts of sensationalism. However, for higher ratings, media is often found spreading sensationalism and patently negating the rules of professional and responsible journalism. The negative aspects of Pakistani media are discussed hereunder;
First, Pakistan is finding itself at the crossroads of history and fighting the war on terror to save the tearing moral fabric of the society. The writ of the State is in all-time great jeopardy but media is proving instrumental in radicalising the society. The terrorist incidents get new dimensions when newspapers and channels try to outdo each other and go for showing gruesome aftereffects of terrorist attacks. Mutilated bodies and sobbing cries of the bereaved families are televised in contravention to media's ethics. The terrorist agenda of spreading the news of any terror incidents far and wide gets recognition and this is the objective of the terrorists which media consciously or unconsciously is fulfilling.
Second, many media houses have clearly adopted a partisan attitude; it seems like some media channels are media partners of political parties and establishment entrusted with the task to defend their policies and propagate their manifesto. Many anchors rather than presenting independent opinions display utter bias during course of a talk show; they are by no stretch of imagination independent journalists instead are representatives of political parties and establishment.
Thirdly, Pakistani media believes in sensationalism, few journalists rely on investigative reporting thus leaving wide spaces for conspiracies to enter in the media's domain. The worst law and order situation has made the people susceptible to believing in concocted stories. According to many Pakistanis, the C.I.A. used a mysterious technology to cause the devastating floods that affected 20 million people in 2010. Malala Yousafzai was shot as part of a campaign to demonise the Pakistani Taliban and win public support for American drone strikes against them.
Although, there are many who have advanced this noble cause of originating conspiracy theories but there is one journalist who is undoubtedly the undisputed king of conspiracy theories. The fortuneteller has amongst others, predicted imposition of Martial Law at least 10 times in the last decade and has often decoded the messages behind bodily movements and facial expressions of Army Generals. However, the practical manifestations of such delusional predictions are yet to be seen. In addition to aforementioned, the media passionately cover the terrorist incidents but hold interviews of the terrorist leaders and provide them to cross their point of view to the public. These leaders during the course of interview present themselves as religious scholars who are bent upon to save the Islamic polity from western powers. They create imaginary conspiracy theories to influence public opinion and to induce sympathies into public for terrorist outfits.
Fourth, the format and content of the talk shows is largely uniform, repetitive and monotonous. Their substance tends to be based on speculation by the participants and anchors. Though the content lacks decency and substance and at times an endless verbiage but still underpinnings are felt and public gets the fodder to build their own arguments for and against any one.
Fifth, the anchors in search for higher ratings are found trying their utmost to initiate fighting and shouting amongst the discussants. There is no research in the media, the anchors and reporters are usually mediocre columnists in Urdu dailies and lack professional acumen, education and ethics. The anchors like third class poets focus on igniting emotions of the masses instead of trying to appeal to intellect and reason, all they do is sell negativity based mostly on speculations.
Sixth, while media freedom is much trumpeted, public-bashing-of-politicians and public brainwashing through airing loaded caricatures often bordering vulgarity is telecasted with impunity. This childish newfound freedom washed in the laundry of moral righteousness clearly point that the media industry in Pakistan is still very juvenile.
Pakistan Electronic Media Regularity Authority (PEMRA) seems to be a toothless tiger as far as curtailing sensationalism and radicalisation is concerned; the only function which it is performing well is extorting exorbitant fees from media houses under the pretext of license granting and renewals. The sad reality is that the PEMRA is being is headed by an anchorperson (ex) whose views before his appointment were always in favor of Nawaz Sharif.
Pakistani Media in its new found independence and driven by commercial greed is not only violating norms of responsible journalism but also acting unconstitutionally. Article 19 of the Constitution of Pakistan guarantees the right free speech but it is subject to reasonable restrictions imposed by law (e.g.: glory of Islam, the integrity and security Pakistan, public, morality, contempt of court, incitement to an offence etc). However, Media has assumed the role of holy cow, an arbitrator in controversial, biased and at times harmful for the interest of the country.
Sensationalism is generated by exaggeration, which is not only spreading panic and terror in viewers but also even cause serious consequences. In the era of uncertainty, it is the duty of the media to affirm and authenticate the information rather than exaggerate as people are already tense and anxious due to incidents of terrorism and insurgency. Rating is all that matters without caring for that media is a source of informed analysis but unfortunately media at present state is completely oblivious of its prime responsibility. Investigative journalism is the benchmark to judge the role of media in terms of its credibility but unfortunately Pakistani media is mainly banking on statement journalism to sensationalise the news.
Amazon has posted the largest profit in its history as it posted impressive growth in the past year, reaping the rewards from the addition of millions of new customers to its Prime club, and changes to US tax law
Not bad going for a company that started life as a humble bookseller, before transforming itself into the largest Internet-based retailer, the fourth most valuable public company in the world, and the eighth largest employer in the United States (it hired nearly 130,000 employees globally in 2017 alone).
Largest Profit
For the fourth quarter Amazon posted a net profit of $1.8bn (£1.3bn) compared to $749m (£526m) in the same year-ago period. Quarterly sales rose dramatically to $60.4bn (£42.5bn) from $43.7bn (£30.7bn), beating estimates according to Reuters.
For the full year ending 312 December, Amazon posted a net profit of $3bn (£2.1bn) from $2.4bn (£1.6bn). Annual sales rose to $177.9bn (£125.1bn) from $135.9bn (£95.6bn) in 2016.
The Seattle-based company was helped by the strong growth of Prime , and in 2017 alone, more than five billion items were shipped with Prime worldwide. Prime was aided by Amazon's exclusive television shows (Amazon Original Movies and Prime Originals).
Another strong performer was its voice-controlled Alexa devices which sold in huge numbers.
“Our 2017 projections for Alexa were very optimistic, and we far exceeded them,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often – expect us to double down.”
Cloud Growth
“We've reached an important point where other companies and developers are accelerating adoption of Alexa. There are now over 30,000 skills from outside developers, customers can control more than 4,000 smart home devices from 1,200 unique brands with Alexa, and we're seeing strong response to our new far-field voice kit for manufacturers. Much more to come and a huge thank you to our customers and partners.”
Amazon is also benefiting from hugely from its Amazon Web Services division, where is leads rivals such as Microsoft Azure.
AWS posted a 45 percent rise in sales to $5.1bn (£3.6bn) and signed some big name customers in the last quarter including Expedia, The Walt Disney Company, Symantec, and Dow Jones for example.
AWS has continued its expansion and has launched a new region in France and a second AWS Region in China during the quarter.
It plans open 12 more Availability Zones across four regions (Bahrain, Hong Kong, Sweden, and a second GovCloud Region in the US) between now and early 2019.
Quiz: How much do you know about Amazon?
Russian Social Accounts Adding To Complaints That Austin Bombings Aren't Being Covered Social media users are complaining that the Austin bombings isn't getting enough coverage in the press. But it isn't only American Twitter users, for example, who are saying that. Accounts associated with Russian influence operations also have picked up that thread.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI)-
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI)- Due to the forecast, the National Hockey League will announce the start time of the Winter Classic at Busch Stadium between the St. Louis Blues and Chicago Blackhawks at 7:00am Monday. The scheduled start time is Noon on January 2 and that has not been changed as of Sunday night.
Rain showers are expected in the St. Louis area on Monday. The NHL wants to be sure that players are safe on the ice and that fans have the best experience possible.
YORK, Pa. — A golf club in Pennsylvania has apologized for calling police on a group of black women after the co-owner and his father said they were playing too slowly and would not leave the course.
"I felt we were discriminated against," one of the women, Myneca Ojo, told the York Daily Record. "It was a horrific experience."
Sandra Thompson and four friends met up Saturday to play a round of golf at the Grandview Golf Club, where they are all members, she told the newspaper.
At the second hole, a white man whose son co-owns the club came up to them twice to complain that they weren't keeping up with the pace of play. Thompson, an attorney and the head of the York chapter of the NAACP, told the newspaper it was untrue.
On the same hole, another member of the group, Sandra Harrison, said she spoke with a Grandview golf pro, who said they were fine since they were keeping pace with the group ahead of them.
Despite that, the women skipped the third hole to avoid any other issues, she said.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have personnel who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world, Thompson said. They're very familiar with golf etiquette, she said.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
After the ninth hole, where it is customary to take a break before continuing on to the next nine holes, three of the group decided to leave because they were so shaken up by the earlier treatment, the women told the paper.
Thompson said the man from the second hole, identified as former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, his son, club co-owner Jordan Chronister and several other white, male employees approached the remaining two women and said they took too long of a break and they needed to leave the course.
The women argued they took an appropriate break, and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off, as seen in a video Thompson gave the newspaper. The women were told that the police had been called, and so they waited.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel said. "All parties left and we left as well."
A phone listing for Steve Chronister rang busy on Monday. He told the York Daily Record he didn't have time to comment on Sunday.
Jordan Chronister's wife and co-owner of the club, JJ Chronister, said Sunday she called the women personally to apologize.
"We sincerely apologize to the women for making them feel uncomfortable here at Grandview, that is not our intention in any way," she told the newspaper. "We want all of our members to feel valued and that they can come out here and have a great time, play golf and enjoy the experience."
She said she hopes to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Thompson said she's not sure a meeting is what needs to happen.
"There needs to be something more substantial to understand they don't treat people in this manner," she said.
The encounter comes after two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. The two men told The Associated Press that they were waiting for a business contact to arrive.
We all get to discover the sheer importance of royal mail post boxes only when it comes biting us because of the urgency of the matter. People often do not realize how important is having the assurance that they can enjoy red royal mail post boxes with ease and without experiencing any particular hassles linked to that. This is why we consider having such services available to you as one of the clearest cut displays of privilege and chance. We bring to your attention c a company which thrives on providing Royal Mail Wedding Post Box for Hire to their clients. A well-known player in the market, Royal mail wedding post box has come a long way to build a considerable customer base of devoted individuals who value and cherish the outstanding services of the company on each occasion they find themselves in need of them.
The company is a leader in the market due to revolutionary approach to wedding post boxes. The unique approach allowed them to outsmart the competition and to impose their utter domination on said market. Their sheer numbers of customers are a testament to the superiority of their approach compared to their competitors. Even though they are only several years old they have outclassed their competition in every single proving unparalleled sense of innovation and creative thinking which got them to the point where they lead other companies and institutions in their niche. One of the key points which helped shape Royal mail wedding post box into who they are today was their outstanding customer service. With a mission to under promise and over deliver the company has won over numerous customers which have quickly jumped ships from their competitors to Royal mail wedding post box thanks to the way the later treat their customers.
Among the most important services Royal mail wedding post box lists Royal Mail Wedding Post Box for Hire. In conclusion it is needless to say Royal mail wedding post box are your best choice in case you need a top quality Royal mail wedding post box. They will surprise you with their swiftness and will offer you by far the best in the country. This totally means that they are your best shot with this and it will be foolish not to allow them to convince you of that themselves.
About company:
Do not hesitate to recommend Royal mail wedding post box to anyone who might require a Royal mail wedding post box because this company will surprise them in the best way possible. They will do it all swiftly, without fuss and will make sure everyone will be content with their services. After all there is nothing more important to them than the reputation they form and maintaining it with their customers as this is their bread and butter. With this in mind do spread the word about Royal mail wedding post box and let other people enjoy their mastery and craftsmanship. Do while helping a great company grow and establish itself even more.
Company: Wedding & Event Post Box Hire
Contact Name: Punit Tailor
Address: 11 James Street, City of Bradford, United Kingdom
Email: pnsweddings@hotmail.com
Phone: +44 7972 066840
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diego Costa has revealed that Jose Mourinho called him this summer to check the striker is OK.
The 28-year-old has spent the off-season in Brazil after being notified by Chelsea boss Antonio Conte he had no future at Stamford Bridge, report the Manchester Evening News.
Conte informed Costa he was not part of his plans with a brief 27-word text message - which was leaked to the press - and the Spain international has been tipped for a move back to Atletico Madrid ever since.
And, having picked up a number of fines for not returning to training, Costa has revealed Mourinho has been in touch.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"Jose has called me, direct to my phone, just to check I am OK and to see how I am. He wished me good luck," he told the Daily Mail .
"I never had any problems with Jose, we have a strong relationship. Everyone was very sad when things didn't work out in the end for him at Chelsea."
Mourinho brought Costa to Stamford Bridge back in 2014 when Chelsea agreed to meet the £32m buy-out clause in his Atletico Madrid contract.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The striker went on to score 21 goal in his first season at the club as Chelsea won both the Premier League and the EFL Cup.
But Costa's form dramatically dipped ahead of Mourinho's departure and the 28-year-old infamously threw his bib on the floor after Ruben Loftus-Cheek was sent on ahead of him against Tottenham.
Nassau police on Monday released a store surveillance photo of the suspect in more than a dozen knifepoint robberies confronting a Subway employee in one of the latest holdups.
The image, from the North Merrick sandwich shop on Jerusalem Avenue, appears to show the suspect with his face covered shortly after 7 p.m. Saturday, holding what investigators say is a large kitchen knife, his weapon of choice.
The suspect's features are not visible, one of the challenges Nassau and Suffolk police said they have faced in trying to capture the robber responsible for the holdups or attempted holdups of at least 14 shops since mid-February.
He covers his head and face with a scarf or hat, and his hands with gloves, making it difficult for investigators to determine his race, authorities said.
Yashavant Patel, the manager of the North Merrick Subway, said he couldn't see any of the suspect's facial features other than his eyes and a small bit of skin around them.
“I see the big knife, and then he said, ‘Give me money,' ” Patel said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The store manager said he was behind the counter and grabbed a bread pan to ward off the robber. Patel said he then pressed a panic button inside the store to summon police.
“I tried to scare him,” he said. The suspect left the store with no cash, police said.
Patel said the robber turned left after leaving the Subway, and it appeared that a silver car was waiting for him because he was nowhere in sight as the car speeded away.
Patel said he saw one of his neighbors nearby, so he shouted, “That guy tried to rob me,” referring to someone in the car. The neighbor looked for a license plate on the car and saw there was none, the Subway manager said.
Nassau police said that about two hours later, the robber held up a TCBY on Sunrise Highway in Lynbrook at knifepoint and made off with an unknown amount of cash.
The suspect's general description in the attempted Subway robbery and the TCBY holdup fits that of the suspect in the 12 other robberies and attempted robbery, authorities said. He was about 5 feet, 8 inches tall, and of average build and wore a dark hat, dark jacket, blue jeans, white sneakers, a scarf over his face, and gloves, police said.
Nassau detectives ask anyone with information to call Crime Stoppers at 800-244-TIPS.
The Nunes Memo And Parallels To Watergate The House released a controversial memo about the FBI's Russia probe. Scott Simon talks with John Dean, former counsel to Richard Nixon who became the star witness in the Watergate investigation.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Verne Troyer's ex girlfriend Ranae Shepherd has spoken of her fears he won't get into heaven because he 'didn't understand' the power of his deathbed baptism.
Ranae, whose surname was Shrider when she dated the Hollywood actor in 2008, revealed she bombarded Verne with "tons" of books, letters and even a highlighted Bible in the weeks before his shock death.
She was concerned for his mortal soul and worried he would be lost "in eternity" forever.
The former actress, who found Jesus after making a sex tape with and splitting from Verne, wrote on her Facebook page about her quandaries.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Facebook)
"Differences aside my heart is completely broken today," she wrote.
"A close friend let me know that Verne has died, his public statement that I just saw states he was baptised recently. Baptism does not get you to heaven so my prayer is he understood salvation and was not just baptised."
She went on: "With permission from my husband I have sent multiple letters and tons of books and a highlighted Bible explaining salvation. My prayer is he read it. I forgave him in my heart and in my letters I apologised and forgave him and can only pray he read them and knew Jesus.
"It is so important to have true forgiveness for someone and to witness to them. I witnessed multiple times and a month ago sent another letter because my heart was burdened for him.
"Two weeks after I mailed the letter he went to the hospital, now he is in eternity somewhere. My heart is broken."
Ranae added: "Please pray for his family and if they don't know Christ they will come to know him through this. Death is a sad thing when you are unsure about someone's salvation that is why witnessing to people is crucial."
The former actress, who now runs a non-profit organisation with her husband, previously boasted about Verne's prowess in the bedroom.
"He wasn't short of sexy skills and tried his hardest to make up in technique what he lacked in size," she told the Sunday Mirror in 2008.
(Image: Instagram)
But she claimed then she only had sex with him a handful of times, and would think "charity work" when they got down to business.
Ranae also opened up about Verne's drinking, saying his excessive boozing would make him "mean and aggressive".
"Being with him was horrible. It was like being with a child," she went on, claiming he would order her around "like a slave" and make him read out his fan mail while he googled himself.
"I was like his assistant but he never paid me. Before I left the house I would have to open the top of every drink bottle as Verne's wrists are too weak," she added at the time.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
"After that I would buy his groceries and carry them home and cook dinner, although most days all Verne would eat would be a blueberry muffin and then he'd be full. And not once did I get a thank-you."
Meanwhile, Verne's cause of death could be confirmed this week after his postmortem was completed - but further tests will be needed because of why he was in hospital three weeks before his death.
"Verne Troyer was admitted into the hospital with a high level of alcohol in his system, where he passed out and became unconscious and he passed away," the Los Angeles Coroner's Office told Us Weekly.
"His body was turned over to the Coroner office, they did an autopsy on Verne and determined they needed additional testing, which is why the case has been deferred pending toxicology."
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Party-goers across the county are being encouraged to have fun safely while out celebrating this Christmas.
As thousands head out to celebrate Christmas they will also be joined by hundreds of police officers, police community support officers and special constables on patrol protecting local towns and city centres from any drunk and disorderly behaviour.
Officers ultimately want everyone to enjoy themselves during what is a happy time of year but to ensure they do so safely and sensibly.
Party-goers are advised to follow a number of tips to ensure their night out remains safe.
• Plan how you and your friends are going to get home. Have contact details for legitimate private hire taxi firms or use a black cab from a licensed carriage rank
• Be wary of not drinking excessively before you go out and pace your drinks while in pubs and clubs
• Ensure you remain with your friends at all times and never be left on your own
A total of 99 people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly in December 2016 with officers also issuing dispersal orders to those who committed anti-social behaviour, preventing them from entering the area.
Anyone arrested for anti-social behaviour or for being drunk and disorderly faces the prospect of a fine of up to £1,000 and could even receive a criminal record, which could affect you for the rest of your life.
Superintendent Paul Beauchamp, who heads up the Constabulary's Taskforce, said: "Christmas is a fantastic time of year and I want everyone to know that ultimately we want you to have fun celebrating but to make sure you do so safely.
"We will have officers on patrol to provide reassurance and make sure everyone is drinking sensibly and behaving themselves.
"Traditionally we do see an increase in the number of drunk and disorderly incidents at this time of year and that's why we're asking partygoers to stay safe and take extra care while out celebrating.
"We're not trying to spoil the fun; we all like to celebrate Christmas and of course we want you to enjoy it. We just simply ask that people drink responsibly and look after themselves and their friends.
"Anyone who does break the law will be dealt with but I'm sure people would much rather wake up at home than in one of our custody cells."
Montana Sen. Jon Tester Weighs In On Delayed Confirmation Hearing For Ronny Jackson NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., about why the Senate confirmation hearing for President Trump's nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, Ronny Jackson, has been delayed.
In An Era Of Fake News, Advancing Face-Swap Apps Blur More Lines
Most people familiar with "face-swapping" know it as an innocuous social media feature. An algorithm captures a person's face and pastes it onto someone else's. The result is rarely seamless and often funny.
But as it grows more sophisticated, that technology has taken a sinister turn: It's now become easier to superimpose the faces of celebrities onto those of actors in pornographic films, resulting in highly-realistic fake videos.
Deepfakes, as the digital form is called, takes its name from the Redditor "deepfakes," the first person known to create these fake porn videos. Celebrities Daisy Ridley, Gal Gadot and Taylor Swift are among deepfakes' early victims.
Samantha Cole, an editor at Motherboard, who first reported on the trend, tells NPR's Scott Simon that the videos are created using a machine-learning algorithm, which is trained by processing hundreds of photos of an individual's face.
"Someone takes a dataset of one person's face — and a lot of pictures of that person's face — and then a video that they want to put it on," Cole says. "And they run a machine-learning algorithm, train it on these two images, and after a few hours, gives you the result, which is, these very realistic, fake porn videos."
So, while well-photographed actors and actresses are easy targets, as the technology quickly becomes more advanced and accessible, not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online.
That's the talk of Reddit threads right now, Cole says, "Whether this can be done with people that they know or scraped from Facebook images or Instagram. It's definitely possible, if you have enough images of someone."
In fact, a new, user-friendly tool, FakeApp, democratizes the technology. FakeApp allows anyone to generate fake videos with their own datasets. Deepfakes enthusiasts have been inserting into movies the Internet's favorite face: Nicolas Cage.
Usersub YouTube
Legally, though, this quickly-advancing technology has been outpacing the law. "It's all very hazy right now," Cole says. "Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images, like when you use a celebrity's face for an ad without their permission. But the average person has little recourse. Revenge porn laws don't include the right kind of language to cover this kind of situation."
Similar technologies have already stirred fears. Last year, journalist Nick Bilton considered the implications of adding two new manipulative mediums. He pointed to a video demonstrating technology researchers developed that allowed them to manipulate the facial expressions of world leaders, including Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.
If fabricated text-based stories can snowball into events like PizzaGate, he suggested, he left the door open for the consequences that could play out on an international stage when bad actors latch onto this technology.
"Celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly so they're easy targets for this, but so are politicians," Motherboard's Samantha Cole says. "It's going to be difficult trying to suss out all of this in an era of fake news."
Austin Authorities Say They're Investigating 'Serial Bomber' After Fourth Explosion
Over the weekend there was a fourth bombing in Austin, Texas. Authorities say this latest incident was caused by tripwire and showed a "different level of skill."
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
Now we go to Austin, Texas, where authorities say they are no closer to understanding who's behind a series of deadly bombs. The latest explosion happened last night. It varied from the earlier ones in a few ways. For one thing, the two men injured were white. Claire McInerny of member station KUT reports.
CLAIRE MCINERNY, BYLINE: Before last night, three bombs left on doorsteps killed two people and injured two others. The packages were left overnight at people's homes, making law enforcement think they were targeted attacks, potentially racially motivated because the first three were left at the homes of people of color. But Sunday's explosion was different. Police believe the bomb was triggered by a tripwire set up near a road in an upscale neighborhood. The explosions have happened miles apart, but police do think they are related. The change in the suspect's method concerns FBI Special Agent Christopher Combs.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
CHRISTOPHER COMBS: We're concerned about the change in the M.O. It shows an increased knowledge of explosives. We don't know why he's done that. We don't know why he's picking the places that he is. We don't know why he's doing it in general.
MCINERNY: Combs said anyone walking down the street could have triggered the bomb. And the shift from a targeted attack to a random one is confusing.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
COMBS: Is it terrorism? Is it civil rights? Is it something completely off the radar? We don't know that. And that's why it's important to get this dialogue going.
MCINERNY: There are currently 500 officers from around Texas and the U.S. working on the investigation. The FBI even took the unusual step of asking the suspect to contact law enforcement. They want to know the person's motive and what the message is. Today police asked residents of the neighborhood to submit any surveillance video they may have at their homes. Interim Austin Police Chief Brian Manley says he's worried about the shift from targeted package bombs to random explosives.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
BRIAN MANLEY: The suspect or suspects that we are dealing with have a higher level of sophistication than maybe we initially thought based on them changing their methods to a more difficult device.
MCINERNY: Austin police, the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives have released little information about the bombs. The entire neighborhood where the fourth bomb exploded was shut down for most of the day. Residents were ordered to stay inside while police swept the area for evidence and possibly more explosives. For NPR News, I'm Claire McInerny in Austin.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Aaron Jones suspended two games
Packers running back and former UTEP star Aaron Jones will be ineligible to play the first two weeks of the season after pleading no contest to a marijuana-related charge in February.
The NFL handed down the decision to suspend Jones Tuesday afternoon. It means Jones will not be an active player until after Green Bay's week two game against Minnesota.
Jones was stopped on October 1, 2017 for speeding and later entered a no-contest plea to the citation for driving with a controlled substance in his system.
According to police reports, he admitted he smoked marijuana prior to driving.
His speeding ticket and a citation for operating a vehicle without a license were later dismissed.
Jones posted an apology on Twitter Tuesday afternoon.
“The NFL announced my suspension today," began his note. "I accept it, take responsibility for it, and regret the mistake that I made during the 2017 season which led to the punishment. I've let down my family, teammates, coaches, the Packers' front office, Packers' fans, UTEP, UTEP fans, and the communities of El Paso and Green Bay. I apologize to all impacted and promise that this will never happen again. And when I touch the field again, it's going to be special.”
Jones ran for 448 yards in his rookie season with Green Bay and added four rushing touchdowns in 12 appearances.
He was expected to compete for the starting running back job along with fellow second-year player Jamaal Williams.
NPR Politics There's More To It
With Flynn Out, Who Will Trump Pick To Be National Security Adviser?
With Flynn Out, Who Will Trump Pick To Be National Security Adviser? Listen · 5:11 5:11
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
1:42 Pendleton native Michael Hill explains why he chose Ohio State over Clemson
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
0:39 Famously Hot New Years Fireworks Timelapse
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gradually the results of the election are sinking in.
Mrs May, apologising to her party, signals an end to austerity. Cuts in school budgets are to be reconsidered.
Social care spending must be funded in other ways than cutting pensioner benefits. The unending freeze on public sector wages is going to be eased.
Deficit reduction by squeezing the state and public services is no longer to be the number one economic priority.
Amen to that, many if not everyone will say – but it may bring little hoped for economic relief.
It will be Britain's approach to Brexit that will shape the economy over the next five years, not changes in government budgetary policy.
For months after the Referendum the winning Brexiteers jeered at the Remainers and their Project Fear. Far from the economic crisis of which the Remain camp had warned in lurid terms, the British economy was prospering.
Consumers carried on spending, export orders rose and there was no flood of companies leaving Britain or cancelling investment.
And beyond that there was an exciting new world of opportunities as trade deals with countries currently denied us would open up. Leavers were right: Remainers wrong.
No more. That unfounded optimism is giving way to real fear at Britain's economic prospects, even as the government inches away from austerity.
The Remainers were more right than they knew. There is growing realisation at how deeply damaging a hard Brexit will be, with a government apparently sticking to its mantra of negotiating just that despite losing seats in the General Election.
Even before June 8 there were storm warnings of a chill settling over the economy as a portent of worse. Consumer and business confidence were retreating.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Companies were laying plans for leaving the UK. Prices in the residential and commercial property market in central London, a bell-weather of international confidence, were falling sharply.
But so trapped is Britain in a sealed Eurosceptic bubble that this news has barely surfaced – and business, fearful of being tarred and feathered by the bullies in Leave, has not gone public with its fears.
Now comes an economic reckoning for which neither the government nor wider public are prepared. Hard Brexit is the number one economic worry.
(Photo: Getty)
It should be obvious that rupturing the ties and practices that have grown up over 40 years of EU membership will be traumatic.
There is no corner of British economic life that is not intertwined with being part of the closely integrated European economy – and benefited.
Whether the car and aerospace industries, British universities, law and finance, farming, the NHS – all have benefited from EU membership. That is now in severe jeopardy.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Critics are right to say that Britain is a more unequal society than it was forty years ago and many parts of the country – especially those that voted Leave – are cruelly neglected.
But that is no fault of the European Union. That is because successive British governments have managed the economy poorly.
There has been no consistent industrial strategy, only weak attempts to build institutions that support companies that want to create long term value and feeble efforts to create a web of company law, financial institutions and ownership structures that support great companies.
Parts of the Tory party, and Mrs May herself, now recognise this –but it is doubtful the government will have the time and energy to put its mild proposed reforms in its June manifesto into effect , and nor is it likely they can offset the maelstrom of hard Brexit.
This is the alpha and omega defining discussion of the economy.
To drive the point home, 14,000 trucks enter and leave Britain every day – mostly through the Channel Tunnel but also from ferries and across the Irish border.
(Photo: PA)
None of them have to be stopped and checked to see what goods they carry, what tariff might be paid and where the goods are made.
As long as they come from the EU we treat them just as we treat trucks crossing the England/Scotland border.
Once we crash out of the EU customs union and single market all that changes. EU trucks will be foreign trucks – as British trucks will be in Europe.
Even if the British say that despite leaving the customs union and single market we are going to behave just as before, charging no tariffs or doing no checking, (which seems improbable and is a charter for cheating on a continental scale), the EU cannot do the same.
They will have to check trucks leaving Britain to see what goods are in them, no regulations broken, appropriate tariffs paid and country of origin rules obeyed.
(Photo: PA)
The French will see no reason why they should suddenly spend billions on expensive customs posts and thousands of customs officials for reasons caused by Britain – so there will be huge queues on the Kent motorways of tens of thousands of trucks waiting to be checked, just as there will be in Northern Ireland.
That will deter trucks coming into the country, however “free market” and liberal we want to be. Logistic experts fear shortages of crucial goods, including food: in today's world supermarkets depend on just in time deliveries dependent on friction free movement of goods.
A few even talk of the need to have stand-by plans for rationing as crucial supply chain links get weakened and severed.
Brexiteers dismiss these arguments as scare-mongering: that one way or another we will find a way through, without ever saying how.
Even if given the benefit of the doubt, this is not the background for an economic resurgence and investment boom.
Companies want to see what the way through is going to be, if at all.
(Photo: PA)
Thus hundreds of thousands of firms in manufacturing, finance and services are going to lose their so-called passporting rights so that automatically they are treated as a home firm in any EU member state.
What is the way through? There is not the space in a short article but there are same questions in every sector.
Will Airbus stay in the UK? University research? Drug exports? Nuclear power? Space? Exports of live animals? Inward investment? Multinational headquarters ( the UK has nearly 500 – many now set to leave) ?
And because decisions about 2019 have to be taken in 2018 at the very latest we have only months to come up with answers.
(Photo: Getty)
It can't be done.
The World Bank predicts our trade in goods with the EU will halve and our trade in services will fall by 60 per cent in the years ahead : even if we struck a trade deal with every non EU country in the world in the next 12 months – impossible – it could not compensate for those losses.
As a result the economy must shrink, and a shrinking economy feeds on itself. Investment gets cut back, and that shrinks the economy even more.
Put bluntly unless the government backs off now and declares it is aiming for a Brexit that keeps Britain in the customs union and in the single market, we face at least a recession – which in a worse case could easily spiral into a slump.
(Photo: Getty)
Nor will be there a quick end in sight. Public borrowing will explode, and there are multiple financial risks – with sterling, with interest rates and even the integrity of the banking system.
Austerity will be forced back on us. Many Leave voters voted to leave the EU because of an understandable deep dissatisfaction with the status quo. They were duped into blaming the EU.
Now they are set to discover that EU membership was a crucial prop to our collective prosperity. It is only when the country learns this through bitter experience and insists on a constructive relationship with the EU that the economy will begin sustained improvement.
The longer that takes, the worse it will be.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether you're an avid train spotter or not, it's hard to deny that there's something magnificent about seeing a historic locomotive in the flesh.
And one of the most beautiful will be passing through Bristol in just a few days' time.
Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806 will be at the head of the ten-carriage train on Thursday, April 26, as part of the Railway Touring Company's marathon nine-day ‘Great Britain XI' steam train tour around England, Scotland and Wales.
The occasion will mark the first time a main line passenger train has been hauled by a Southern Railway 1920s ‘mogul' steam locomotive in more than 50 years.
Thursday's special train is being operated by the Railway Touring Company – based at King's Lynn in Norfolk – with the carriages being supplied by West Coast Railways.
Ticket prices for the nine-day tour start from an eye-watering £2,695, but you can see the beauty for free if you're in the right place at the right time.
Below is all the information you need to know about the stunning locomotive's journey, including when it will pass through Bristol.
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
When is it coming to the area?
No. 31806 is due to pass through Filton Abbey Wood at 9.54am and arrive at Bristol East Depot DGL at 10.09am, before departing at 10.40am. It will then head on to Bath Spa, where it is due to arrive at 10.58am.
With No. 31806 on the front, the Great Britain XI is due to triumphantly steam into Swanage just after 6pm, reports Somerset Live.
What are the timings of its stops in the area?
Cardiff d 8.03am (45212)
Newport a 8.26am d 8.41am
East Usk Jn NY a 8.51am d 9.15am
Severn Tunnel Jn 9.33am
Pilning 9.45am
Filton Abbey Wood 9.54am
Bristol East Depot DGL a 10.09am d 10.40am
Bath Spa 10.58am
Bradford Jn 11.17am
Westbury a 11.28am d 11.33am
Frome a 11.48am d 12pm
Castle Cary 12.23pm
Yeovil Pen Mill a 12.45pm d 12.47pm
Yeovil Jn a 12.55pm
Yeovil Jn d 2.42pm (45212) (31806 at rear)
Yeovil Pen Mill a 2.50pm d 2.55pm
Maiden Newton a 3.47pm d 3.54pm
Dorchester West a 3.47pm d 3.54pm
Weymouth a 4.07pm
Weymouth d 4.35pm (45212) (31806 at rear)
Dorchester South 4.50pm
Wool 5.03pm
Wareham a 5.10pm
Wareham d 5.15pm (31806) (45212 at rear)
Worgret Jn 5.19pm
Corfe Castle 5.??
Swanage a 6.05pm
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
Why is it coming to the area?
Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806 will be at the head of the ten-carriage train on Thursday, April 26 as part of the Railway Touring Company's marathon nine-day ‘Great Britain XI' steam train around England, Scotland and Wales.
Thursday's special train is being operated by the Railway Touring Company – based at King's Lynn in Norfolk – with the carriages being supplied by West Coast Railways.
With the assistance of another steam locomotive, No. 31806 will be hauling the long train up the climb from Yeovil Junction to Evershot before the descent down to Maiden Newton and Dorchester.
Known as a ‘mogul' because of its distinctive 2-6-0 wheel arrangement, No. 31806 will then haul the train – still with another steam locomotive assisting – up the bank from Dorchester to Bincombe Tunnel before the descent down to Weymouth.
The ‘Great Britain XI' excursion then runs back to Dorchester and on to Wareham where No. 31806 will haul the train to Worgret Junction where it will leave the main line and run on to the Swanage Railway for the final nine-miles of the journey to Swanage.
(Image: Andrew P.M. Wright)
What is the Swanage Railway ‘U' class steam locomotive No. 31806?
Trevor Parsons, Swanage Railway Company chairman, said: “No. 31806 carried out a successful main line test run between Weymouth, Dorchester, Yeovil and Wareham on Friday, April 13 ahead of Thursday's ‘Great Britain XI' excursion train thanks to the permission of Network Rail.
“The Southern Railway ‘mogul' steam locomotives, of the same class as No. 31806, were based at Bournemouth and Weymouth from the 1920s to the 1960s – working stopping trains between the two towns as well as cross-country trains from Salisbury to Bournemouth, Poole and Swanage. The locomotives also hauled freight trains.
“So it can haul trains on the main line, No. 31806 was upgraded thanks to a £75,000 Government grant to the Swanage Railway Trust from the Department for Transport's Heritage and Community Rail Tourism Innovation Competition. The Trust supplied £25,000 of labour towards the work which also included the upgrade of five carriages.
“With No. 31806 now equipped with the required signalling and monitoring equipment required to run on Network Rail, the upgrade work to the locomotive – as well as a set of five carriages – gives the Swanage Railway the potential to run special steam trains from Swanage and Corfe Castle to the main line at Wareham in the future.”
What is this Great Britain XI tour?
The Great Britain XI excursion train started its marathon nine-day journey from London's King's Cross station on Thursday, 19 April, 2018, with the tour of England, Scotland and Wales ending at London's Victoria station on Friday, 27 April, 2018.
More information about the Railway Touring Company's ‘Great Britain XI' steam train tour of England, Scotland and Wales is available from the company's website here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United's new away kit takes inspiration from the historical city.
The change kit, which will once again be black, pays homage to the club's crest and the city itself, with a rendition of Magdalene Bridge embossed across the top of the shirt.
The bridge, which was built in 1823, sits in the city centre between Magdalene Street and Bridge Street and is represented at the top of the U's crest, which was designed in 1986.
The club added that, for the first time, they will have back of short sponsors, alongside Mick George on the front of their shirts and Hill on the back.
The new shirt will, as with the home shirt, be made by Puma and feature ‘lightweight polyester with moisture wicking technology.'
The amber trim around the sleeves is complimented by solid amber shorts.
The third kit is set to be revealed during the club's open day on Sunday, July 29.
You can now pre-order the kit online and by calling 01233 566 500.
The prices are:
Adult Shirts £42 (Small, Medium, Large, 1XL, 2XL, 3XL, 4XL)
Adult Shorts £17 (Small, Medium, Large, 1XL)
Adult Socks £10
Junior Shirt £32 (Extra Small, Small Junior, Medium Junior, Large Junior, XL Junior)
Junior Shorts £14 (Small Junior, Medium Junior, Large Junior)
Junior Socks £8​
Cate Blanchett can be forgiven for not knowing that Drew Barrymore wants to eat her.
The two-time Oscar winning actress is currently appearing on Broadway in an adaptation of Chekhov's “The Present,” and her schedule is punishing. The actress has nine performances weekly, each clocking in at almost three hours, which doesn't leave much time to catch E News, where Barrymore, promoting her new Netflix series about a suburban mom who becomes a cannibal, proclaimed Blanchett to be the person she'd most like to eat “because she's like the most amazing woman ever.”
This story first appeared in the February 15, 2017 issue of WWD. Subscribe Today.
Blanchett laughs a deep throaty laugh when she hears the story, and immediately gives the love right back. “She's an angel, a very talented angel.” But the actress — who today is conducting interviews with international beauty editors in her role as the face of Giorgio Armani's Si fragrance before heading to the theater for her evening performance — has been avidly following the political news during her time in New York.
In January, for example, she joined the The Ghostlight Project's protest march on Broadway, wearing a pink knit “pussy” hat, and while she couldn't attend the Women's March on Washington because of her performance schedule (“I was there in spirit,” she says), she hasn't been reticent about speaking her mind.
“When Elizabeth Warren is told that she can not speak in the Senate, they are dark days,” says Blanchett. “I don't know what century I'm in. I thought that the equal pay for equal work conversation was boring and reactionary enough, but this is deeply shocking. We have the choice now to evolve as a species and part of that is finally getting rid of the shocking inequalities that exist not only between the genders but the wealth divide.”
Blanchett's relationship with Armani has been a longstanding one — she likes to tell the story of running out to buy an Armani suit after getting her first acting paycheck and is quick to note that she still owns it (“his clothes don't date”) — due in part to his espousal of gender equality. “He was one of the first designers to really unlock the complexity of the female aesthetic. He liberated women from the need to wear traditionally feminine clothes or traditionally sexy clothes,” says Blanchett. “There is a kind of Eastern simplicity, and also an Eastern mélange of the opposites that exist in his designs — you've got the masculine with the feminine and the soft with the hard.
“He is interested in all of those dualities,” she continues, “and when he was creating Si he wanted all of those complexities and dualities to exist.” It is a message that has resonated. Industry sources estimate that Si, which is currently launching its second flanker called Rose Signature, has reached retail sales of $80 million in the U.S. since launching in 2014.
Sitting in the Presidential Suite on the 53rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Blanchett, wearing a navy Armani trouser suit, has a commanding view of New York City and Central Park. When asked if she's enjoyed working in New York, she gives a brief hesitation. “It's very confronting at the moment, for sure, but it's a great city,” she says.
While she's performed in New York before, “The Present” marks her Broadway debut. As for what's next to tick off on the bucket list? Blanchett reels off a list of directors she'd like to work with, including Thomas Ostermeier, Julian Rosefeldt (who directed her in the one-woman multiscreen film installation, “Manifesto”) and Andrea Arnold. “And I'd also like to finally get some chickens in my chicken coop,” she adds. “So there is a lot to do.”
THE saying "trainers teach you to fight so you don't have to” is a powerful message that's echoed at Caza Brazillian jiu-jitsu in Noosa Junction.
"I say you can't commit to a fight, you always have to protect (yourself),” owner and teacher Yoshinori "Yoshi” Hasegawa said.
This weekend, Yoshi is hoping to equip more women with skills to protect themselves with a women's only self-defence course beginning on Saturday.
"I like to teach people that might not have the strength, that's why I provide for kids and women,” Yoshi said.
"Jiu-jitsu can be seen as a man's sport, but it's for everyone - old, young, guys, women.”
Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that equips people with techniques to defend themselves against someone larger than them.
Yoshi is a black belt out of Japan and has been training in and teaching jiu-jitsu for 15 years.
He said the close contact involved in jiu-jitsu can sometimes make women feel apprehensive to try the sport.
"Women, they (can) hesitate about jiu-jitsu,” Yoshi said.
"I think it's because it's wrestling, contact, body touching, so that can be why women don't want to do it.
"But with self defence anywhere, (like) karate, boxing, they're always touching.
"(The course) will be very comfortable as it's women's only.
"This is a good way to introduce women who might hesitate.”
Yoshi said it's important women know how to protect themselves from all kinds of confronting physical situations, including domestic violence.
"Women have to protect themselves from anyone, not just (their) husband, but everyone,” he said.
"It happens, unfortunately. It happens anywhere.”
Women interested in the self-defence course can call 0478 106 870 for more information.
Horseshoe Trails Elementary School, in the Cave Creek Unified School District, has a Flag Corps club led by Deb Feibus, fourth-grade teacher.
“The purpose of the Flag Corps at Horseshoe Trails Elementary School is to raise and lower the American flag and the state of Arizona flag when school is in session, weather permitting,” Ms. Feibus said in a release.
Members of the club – fourth, fifth and sixth graders – offer flag facts and education about flags to all students and staff.
The club also receives all half-staff notifications from the Arizona governor's office and posts that information for all HTES staff.
The club has parent volunteers who wear “Proud to be a Flag Corps Parent” lanyards whenever they assist and attend Flag Corps events.
The students hope to model proper flag-raising and -lowering etiquette while observers have the opportunity to learn and honor the flag, according to the release.
The students wrote a guide that is posted on the HTES website.
The club was initiated by interested fourth-grade students in January 2017. The Flag Corps club has a set of parade flags and harnesses. They are eager to share their expertise and knowledge with the community, according to the release.
“These students are learning a valuable, hands-on experience on basic patriotism as it relates to our country and state flags, and translates to civic duty and strong citizenship,” Superintendent Debbi Burdick said in the release.
“To see their pride in our flag and what it stands for is inspiring. Thank you to Ms. Feibus for overseeing this club with the strong values it teaches our students,” she said.
Horseshoe Trails Elementary School is an A+ School of Excellence offering its students Chinese immersion and on-site horsemanship and equestrian programs.
For more information, contact the principal, Dr. Matt Schenk, at 480-272-8505 or by emailing mschenk@ccusd93.org.
The Scottsdale Independent is published monthly and mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses in Scottsdale.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince William's tour of the Middle East was historic, as he had meetings with political leaders and became the first royal to visit Israel on official business.
The visit to Jordan, Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories had been months - even years - in the planning, but it exceeded all expectations.
The Daily Mirror's Russell Myers joined the Duke of Cambridge on the visit, and was in the room for key meetings with Israel president Reuven Rivlin and Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas .
Russell also got to fly on the royal plane on his first foreign trip as a member of the royal pack. He joins Pod Save The Queen host Ann Gripper to reveal what it's really like to fly (and chat) with the future king and why the visit will have a long term impact on William's future.
They also look ahead to Prince Louis's christening and Meghan and Harry's visit to Ireland.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that time of the year again when we want you to nominate local sportsmen and women for a Bristol Post Sports Award. The annual event, now in its fifth year, has become established as one of the highlights of the local sporting calendar.
This year's Bristol Post Sports Awards will be held at Bristol City's Ashton Gate stadium on Thursday, October 18, and will, again, be hosted by popular BBC presenter John Inverdale, who grew up in Bristol.
In the past four years, our Sports Personality of the Year award went to gymnast Claudia Fragapane (2014), boxer Lee Haskins (2015), swimmer Siobhan-Marie O'Connor (2016) and young athlete Simran Kaur (2017).
But, while there are several awards for the elite sportsmen and women from this area, our awards are also firmly focussed on the amateur and grassroots heroes, those that achieve great things and put in countless hours of commitment to the cause.
Nominations can be made online here and the deadline for entries is August 2.
Here's a guide to the categories to be contested.
MALE SPORTS PERSONALITY OF THE YEAR
This award will go to a male who has achieved an outstanding performance at regional level or above. Bristol Rovers defender Tom Lockyer won the 2017 after leading Rovers to a tenth-placed finish in League One and winning his first senior Wales cap.
FEMALE SPORTS PERSONALITY OF THE YEAR
This award will go to a female who has achieved an outstanding performance at regional level or above. Last year's winner was Alex Danson, the Clifton Robinsons hockey star who is also England captain.
PROFESSIONAL SPORTS PERSONALITY OF THE YEAR
This category is for performers from professional clubs as well as performers in receipt of lottery funding and/or sponsorship to enable them to train full-time. Bristol City forward Bobby Reid won the award last year and could be a contender again after an outstanding season which saw him named in the PFA Championship team of the year.
YOUNG SPORTS PERSONALITY OF THE YEAR
This award will go to an individual who was 18 years of age or under on June 1, 2018, and who has either demonstrated considerable promise and/or achieved an outstanding performance. Always a hotly-contested category, last year's award went to Shanel Drewe, who had tremendous success in the male-dominated world of motor racing, without the funding benefits enjoyed by many of her race rivals.
SENIOR TEAM OF THE YEAR
Open to a team that has achieved over the sporting year and can show development of its players. The team will demonstrate a good and successful playing record, as well as evidence of strong involvement in the local community. Last year's award went to Bristol Manor Farm FC, who won the Toolstation Western League to earn promotion to the Southern League for the first time in their history.
JUNIOR TEAM OF THE YEAR
Open to a team of under-18s that has achieved over the sporting year and can show development of its players. The team will demonstrate a good and successful playing record, as well as evidence of strong involvement in the local community. Always a hotly-contested category, the award last year went to Winscombe Warriors Girls rugby, who were crowned national champions at under-15 and under-18 levels.
PROFESSIONAL COACH OF THE YEAR
This is awarded to an individual who has demonstrated passion and commitment and supported the progression and achievement of players. Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke has won the award for the past twp seasons.
VOLUNTARY (AMATEUR) COACH OF THE YEAR
Awarded to an individual who has demonstrated passion and commitment and supported the progression and achievement of players. Bristol Manor Farm FC manager Lee Lashenko won the 2017 award after guiding the club to the Toolstation Western League title.
DISABLED SPORTS PERSON OF THE YEAR
This award will go to a disabled performer, full-time or part-time, who has achieved an outstanding performance at regional level or above. The 2017 award went to teenager Simran Kaur who won silver and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Junior Championships.
COMMUNITY CLUB OF THE YEAR
This goes to a club at the heart of the community. It must demonstrate it has excelled in the delivery of sport to people in a safe, supportive and quality environment, as well as achieving outstanding competitive success. The club must have achieved Clubmark, an equivalent national governing body accreditation, or the local clubs standard, and have effective player and coach development. Always a strongly-contested category, last year's award went to Longwell Green Sports Junior Football Club.
OUTSTANDING SERVICES TO SPORT (SPONSORED BY THE DOYLE COLLECTION)
Nominees for this category have provided a lifetime of service or have made a big impact in a short time. They may have been committed to one or a number of different roles within their organisation, club, school or community in one or more sports. Alan Thompson was the 2017 winner as recognition for more than 50 years service to local boxing.
FOOTBALLER OF THE YEAR
Awarded to a footballer over 18 who has showed significant achievement and commitment during the 2017-18 season. Bristol Telephones striker Dhani Golding was last year's winner after his goals fired the club to the Gloucestershire County League title.
RUGBY PLAYER OF THE YEAR (SPONSORED BY NUFFIELD HEALTH)
Awarded to a rugby player who showed significant achievement and commitment over the 2017-18 season. Old Reds winger Henry Bird was last year's winner.
CRICKETER OF THE YEAR
Awarded to a cricketer who has shown significant achievement over the 2018 season. Last year's award went to Winterbourne's George Ford for his prolific wicket-taking in the West of England Premier League.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Following an appeal on Thursday, December 29, missing man Oliver Simpson has now been found.
West Yorkshire police launched an urgent appeal across Cambridgeshire to trace the whereabouts of the 23-year-old, who went missing in Elland, West Yorkshire, just days after Christmas.
He was last seen near to Victoria Road, Elland, on Wednesday, December 28, 2016, but was believed to be in the Cambridgeshire area.
Police appeal for information regarding missing 23-year-old man Oliver Simpson
Following the appeal Cambridge Newsreaders shared the story on social media and on Friday, December 30 West Yorkshire Police issued a statement thanking members of the public and the media for helping to find him safe and well.
At the launch of the appeal Detective Inspector David Shaw, of Calderdale CID, said they were very concerned for Oliver's welfare and urgently needed to hear from anyone who had seen him, or who had any information that could assist in tracing him.
WATCH: Corrie McKeague's family release video of missing 23-year-old
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the flood situation in Bihar is being monitored closely. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday spoke to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar over the flood situation in the state and assured him of all support from the Centre to mitigate the situation.
The situation is being monitored closely, the prime minister said. “My thoughts are with all those affected by floods in parts of Bihar,” Modi said.
“Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation. Teams of @NDRFHQ are in Bihar for rescue and relief work,” the PMO tweeted.
Due to rains in the catchment areas of Nepal and Seemanchal district, rivers like Mahananda and Kankai in Bihar have swelled leading to floods in four districts.
The chief minister had demanded an additional deployment of 10 companies of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) in the state, besides deployment of the Indian Air Force's helicopters to carry out relief-and-rescue operations.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While the full extent of the Grenfell Tower blaze is still unfolding, the news issued by the London Fire Brigade that no more survivors are expected to be found goes some way to highlighting the scope of the tragedy.
In situations such as these, it's our emergency services which also come under the spotlight.
Sadly, this scrutiny has come to involve the spreading of misinformation, and in the aftermath of the blaze, lies were spread about the length of time firefighters took to respond .
In reality, fire brigade were there within six minutes.
Not only this, but a total of 200 firefighters were on hand to tackle to fire - risking their lives.
One London firefighter has emphasised just how much danger their job puts them in.
Known only as Mick, the firefighter tweeted a sobering picture of the helmet he has to wear for work.
He accompanied the image, writing: "You know it's not going to be good when your told to write your name on you helmet before you go in."
On the helmet is his name and an identification number.
The image has struck a chord with tens of thousands of people, moved to express their gratitude.
In the space of a month the UK has seen two terrorist attacks and now one of the worst fires of recent years.
In each instance the emergency services have been quick on the scene and of invaluable assistance.
Often at great personal risk to themselves.
× Investigation into Belleville child's death continues
BELLEVILLE, IL (KPLR) – Investigators with the St. Clair County Sheriff`s Department said it could be two or three weeks before they release details on how a two-year-old boy from the Belleville area died.
Authorities said the child suffered massive injuries last Thursday evening at an apartment on Eastview Drive. The child's mother and her boyfriend originally took the toddler to St Elizabeth's Hospital in Belleville. The child was then airlifted to Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital, but pronounced dead late Thursday night.
Investigators had a person of interest in custody, but that person was released without any charges filed.
Authorities believe they know a cause of death from an autopsy, but they're still waiting on more tests. They want to know if the tests match up with the story of the mother and boyfriend that the injuries were accidental or if they could have a crime on their hands.
“Anytime a two-year-old child dies, it's not normally a natural event. This clearly was not a natural cause of death. There were people there and it's a matter of determining what exactly caused this child to be injured and what caused the injuries to cause his death,” said Captain Bruce Fleshren, the Chief of Investigations at the St. Clair County Sheriff's Department.
Authorities have not released the child's name.
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
Would you go to a Toyota dealer advertising a Corolla for $85,000? How about a pizza joint with a $62 pie? Of course not! Which is why, as a real estate professional, it infuriates me to see homes priced well above their eventual sales price.
Many in the media would lead you to believe Miami is a hot market. And, in certain neighborhoods, this is true. But in the vast majority of Miami-Dade County there is an over-supply of homes and unrealistic expectations. In short, if you are a seller in this market it's time to put on your big-boy pants.
If you travel through Pinecrest and Palmetto Bay, you'll see loads of FOR SALE signs, even on the shortest drive. And yes, most of them have been there long enough to start serving as landmarks. I consider those signs as badges of dishonor.
I am amazed by the conversations I have with people who (a) believe they magically know the market better than anyone else, (b) think their house is perfect and (c) feel they can outsmart the market and make a disproportionate amount of money. In short, many people are living in Fantasyland.
Homes sell with four important things in place: the right list price, strong marketing, proper showings and measured negotiation. If a yard sign is up longer than 60 days, one or more of the four were not satisfied. Further, each of the four rely on the former being done correctly.
Thus, the best marketing in the world will not overcome an overpriced home. And showings can't occur unless the marketing draws buyers to the property.
So, it stands to reason that it all starts (or stops) with the proper list price.
Sometimes the seller insists on an inflated list price. Other times, the agent exaggerates the price so just to capture the listing. Either way, the homeowner is in for a world of hurt (and price reductions) before the sale is complete, if at all.
Much like every other industry these days, the Internet has put the power of information into everyone's hands. Home shoppers are far more savvy than before, and if by chance they aren't, the appraiser will eventually bring the Buyer and Seller back to reality.
So, what if you must sell and need to yield the highest sales price possible? Some race to try a For Sale by Owner (FSBO) thinking they can do the same job as a full-time Realtor and save the cost of commission. Using the four magic items from above, this means the homeowner must first properly price the home. Unfortunately, 38 percent of FSBOs end up doing at least one downward price adjustment. Further, the buyers see the FSBO sign and can easily negotiate a lower price because their argument is that the owner is already saving 6 percent. Still further, once you start off with the wrong price, you are attracting the wrong buyers.
Pricing is a special talent. There is zero room for emotion. This takes most sellers out of the game even before it starts. Further, an agent has different perspective than an appraiser who only deals with the value of a home, not the art of finding the right list price for a home.
The second item is strong marketing. To draw showings, each home must be marketed to a particular audience. Everything from photos to descriptive language to how, where and when to advertise makes up strong marketing. Despite what you may have heard, there is low likelihood a home in Pinecrest is going to be sold to a foreign investor, so the marketing focus should be elsewhere.
Did you know that different camera lenses can change the appearance of room size in a real estate photo? A good agent does. Also, 88 percent of the homes sold in 2016 were the result of the buyer seeing the initial information in the MLS (or on a website fed from the MLS data). So, we know that placing the listing in the MLS is a predominant way to find buyers, but it is far from the only way. Yard signs, social media, video, professional networking and direct buyer engagements are all important add-ons. You never know where the buyer will come from, so a measured amount of the right marketing is key to success.
Proper showings are the next step to selling your home. And, the first step is to be able to accommodate a showing request. Turning down even one request can be turning away your clandestine buyer. Then, when they arrive at your doorstep, the home must be show-ready.
Even more important is that the agent (or homeowner) needs to flawlessly perform their script. Yes, a showing should be much like putting on a Broadway performance. An intelligent monologue creates a story as you move through the home. Never say ‘this is the dining room.' Instead, try ‘The last Thanksgiving meal here was such a success because they were able to seat 24 people and easily serve from the kitchen through this wide doorway.'
The last step is measured negotiation. Remember, once you get an offer it's time to put on your business hat. Emotions must get checked at the door! No house is perfect and buyers are going to try to leverage found issues to their financial advantage. The key is for the seller to anticipate and be ready to compromise on the issues that go beyond esthetics. Rarely can a seller be impartial enough for this task. Thus, an agent on your side is best. We've seen it all before and can almost write the script in each negotiation.
If you're curious about the market, want to get some advice or just want to chew the fat as we contemplate the 2018 future, please get it touch with me. I'd be happy to provide a 15-minute consultation with no obligation.
Real Estate Update
As of December 1, the Pinecrest market remains soft. Homes listed over $1M are at 22 months of inventory, indicating a strong Buyers' market. A healthy market has 3-6 months of supply. No matter where you live, let me assist you with local expertise, realistic expectations and guidance to get you to wherever ‘next' is. It's easy to get started at miamihal.com/myvalue.
Hal Feldman (MiamiHal) is a Realtor with RE/MAX Advance Realty. You can contact him with your story ideas or real estate questions at www.MiamiHal.com, Hal@MiamiHal.com or www.facebook.com/MiamiHal.
In this video, Entrepreneur Network partner Bryan Elliott meets with author and YouTube personality Hannah Hart to discuss why people should never chase fame.
Hart says she never wanted to be famous -- she drew recognition from the content that she liked to create. She says she believes that chasing fame is not an attainable dream. Do what you love and fame may come, too.
When approached by aspiring creators with comments such as, "I want to make it big on YouTube," Hart's question to them is, what is the "it?" The content you create will determine your fame.
To learn more, click play.
See more episodes on Behind the Brand's YouTube channel.
Related: Author and YouTube Star Hannah Hart on When to Move On
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical and provides partners with distribution on Entrepreneur.com as well as our apps on Amazon Fire, Roku and Apple TV.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
What happens to the data you post on Facebook? And who's responsible for how those personal details are used?
Facebook is under intense pressure to answer these questions — and more — after it admitted that a company linked to President Donald Trump's campaign had accessed and improperly stored a huge trove of its user data.
The controversy erupted as UK media and The New York Times reported that data analysis firm Cambridge Analytica tried to influence how Americans voted using information gleaned from millions of Facebook profiles.
Here's what you need to know.
What happened?
Facebook said it gave permission to University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan to harvest information from users who downloaded his app — “thisisyourdigitallife.”
The app offered a personality test. But Facebook users who downloaded the app also gave the professor permission to collect data on their location, their friends, and content they had “liked.”
That was allowed under Facebook's rules at the time.
The New York Times, however, reported that Kogan provided that data — which included information from over 50 million profiles — to Cambridge Analytica, breaching Facebook's rules.
Cambridge Analytica was working to develop techniques that could be used to influence voters.
Facebook said it asked Cambridge Analytica to delete the data in 2015, but learned several days ago from “reports” that not all of it had been purged.
Cambridge Analytica said that the data set revealed by The New York Times was not used “as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign.”
The reports in The Times and other media were based in part on interviews with former Cambridge Analytica contractor and self-styled whistle-blower Christopher Wylie.
Why does this matter?
Facebook has been unable to shake off questions over its role in the 2016 presidential election.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg initially expressed skepticism that Facebook could have been used to influence voters, but a series of revelations over Russian meddling have caused the company to make big changes in recent months.
It has sought to crack down on fake news, undermine the business model used by trolls and make political advertising more transparent.
Zuckerberg now has a whole new set of questions to address: Was Facebook transparent enough with users about how their information would be used? Should it have done more to keep tabs on how third parties were using data?
There could be major implications for the company's business model, which is based on selling user data to app developers and advertisers.
Lawmakers and regulators have already seized on the controversy.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said Saturday that her office is opening an investigation into Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. The UK Information Commissioner's Office is also investigating, as is the European Union parliament.
“This is a big deal. … The privacy violations there are significant,” Republican Senator Jeff Flake told CNN. “The question is, who knew it? When did they know it? How long did this go on?”
What happens next?
Lawmakers have called on Zuckerberg to explain his company's actions.
Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat who serves on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said on Saturday that “Zuckerberg needs to testify.”
“This is a major breach that must be investigated,” she said on Twitter. “It's clear these platforms can't police themselves.”
The revelations are likely to fuel calls for more regulation of tech companies. The industry is already scrambling to prepare for tough new data privacy rules in Europe, and similar measures could be considered elsewhere.
Facebook has promised to conduct a “comprehensive internal and external review.” For now, it can't say for sure what happened to your data.
Charles Riley, CNN Money
Would you give up alcohol, social media, or your hair to wipe out your student loans?
Only 72% of people say they'd give up social media to have all of their student loans wiped out, according to a new survey. It also found 60% would shave their head to have their debt wiped out, and 51% would never drink alcohol again.
Click Here to see more.
Hyderabad (SRH) pacer Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the remainder of IPL 2018 on account of a fractured finger on Tuesday.
SRH announced the development on Twitter ahead of their match against Mumbai at the Wankhede Stadium.
Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the remainder of IPL 2018 owing to a fractured finger. The #OrangeArmy wishes him a speedy recovery. — SunRisers Hyderabad (@SunRisers) April 24, 2018
"Billy sustained a displaced fracture on the fifth finger of his right hand whilst fielding. Surgical reduction and fixation was required to restore the function to that finger," a media release from the franchise elaborated on the nature of the injury.
Stanlake played four matches this season and took five wickets, with 2/21 against Kolkata (KKR) being his best bowling figures. He was chosen Man of the Match for his match-winning performance against Dinesh Karthik's men.
Hyderabad, after a hat-trick of wins at the start of the season, slipped to two consecutive defeats.
The 23-year-old Stanlake featured in all those three wins and impressed one and all with his fiery pace and bounce.
In his last match for SRH, the lanky pacer returned 0/38 as Kane Williamson's men came up short against Chennai.
SRH are yet to announce a replacement for the Aussie.
Earlier in the day, SRH also revealed that their star bowler Bhuvneshwar Kumar wouldn't be part of the match against Mumbai. A niggling back injury was reported to be the reason behind his withdrawal.
"Bhuvi did not travel with the team and is not playing the next match," Williamson told reporters ahead of the match.
After a nasty quarrel between his relatives over bamboo fencing on their property, the 10-year-old protagonist in Utpal Borpujari's Assamese feature film Ishu is ticked off. “Adults always behave strangely. I don't really understand them,” declares Ishwar Prasad Rabha to his three friends as he walks off to school. Ishu provides the boy with many more opportunities to witness the dangerously immature ways of adults.
Produced by the Children's Film Society India, Borpujari's debut feature examines witch-hunting practices in Assam through the eyes of a child. Set in a remote village in Goalpara district Ishu examines the banned practice through Ishu's battle for his aunt, who is wrongly accused of being a witch.
“A gruesome image is often associated with the concept of witch-hunting, a one with broken bones and evil spells.” Borpujari told Scroll.in in an interview. “It is always easy to showcase such kind of violence from an adult's point of view. But if you look at it from a child's point of view, you will be able to see it in a completely new perspective because of their innocence.”
Ishu (2017).
The film critic-turned-filmmaker has focused on the Northeastern region in his documentaries, including Mayong: Myth/Reality (2012), Songs of the Blue Hills (2013) and Memories of a Forgotten War (2016). Ishu is based on Assamese writer Manikuntala Bhattacharya's novel of the same name. “There are so many stories in the Northeast which have gone untold,” Borpujari said. “The idea is to bring all of these interesting concepts on film. Also when you talk about Northeast, there is often a negative image that comes to one's mind. I try to pick up subjects that haven't been handled before.”
The movie stars Kapil Garo as the titular character, alongside Bishnu Khargharia and Tonthoingambi Leishangthem Devi. Like Ishu, Garo too is a 10-year-old boy from a village in Assam. He was chosen from 300-odd children for the part. Garo's innocence was what made him a perfect fit for the role, according to Borpujari.
“Garo is a natural,” Borpujari said. “Ishu's character was a village kid, so I tried to avoid looking at children from towns like Guwahati because the body language would be very different. Garo gave only two retakes in the film, which was only because he felt sleepy.”
Play Mayong: Myth/Reality (2013).
Ishu emerged out of a script laboratory conducted by CFSI. “Our script committee found it to be very suitable not just for the Northeast region, but also for the children from all parts of India,” Shravan Kumar, CEO of the organisation, said.
The organisation's productions are rarely released in theatres. They are usually screened at schools or cultural institutions and circulate through film festivals. An exception was Rajan Khosa's Gattu (2011), which traced a boy's passion for kites. Gattu was the first film to be released in CFSI's 57-year history.
Distribution is the biggest bottleneck. “Productions of children's films in our country are hindered because people think there is no return of investment,” Kumar said. “As a result, very few filmmakers take a chance in making children's films. It is a cycle. As the filmmakers make fewer films, the theatical release is also less.”
Borpujari agrees with Kumar's assessment. “The distribution lobby caters more towards mainstream films,” he said. “This is the same case with independent films as well. Very few children's films are actually made in India. If you look at the private production space, except for a few films like Kaaka Muttai and Stanley Ka Dabba, there are not many films for children. When the number is less, it adds to the problem of fewer theatrical releases.”
ISLAMABAD (AP) — A Pakistan Cricket Board official has confirmed that former international batsman Nasir Jamshed and another man were arrested and then released on bail in Britain amid an investigation into alleged spot fixing in the Pakistan Super League.
“Jamshed and another man, Yusuf, were arrested by the National Crime Agency,” a PCB official told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
The PCB official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment on the issue.
Britain's National Crime Authority released an earlier statement saying two men in their 30s had been arrested on Feb. 13 and released on bail until April in connection with bribery offences as part of an ongoing investigation into international cricket match spot-fixing.
Advertisement
The PCB has already provisionally suspended Islamabad United's Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif from the domestic Twenty20 tournament because of their alleged involvement in the corruption. Sharjeel and Latif returned to Lahore on Wednesday and faced more interviews with the cricket board's anti-corruption unit.
Jamshed was suspended Monday from competing in any form of cricket.
A third Islamabad United player is also under investigation and a player from each of the Karachi Kings and Quetta Gladiators franchises were questioned by the PCB's anti-corruption unit in the United Arab Emirates, where the Super League is being staged. All three players were allowed to continue playing in the tournament.
“We know what we are doing,” PSL chairman Najam Sethi said in an interview on a private television channel late Tuesday. “We have all the evidence and we knew this for a while. We had information, but we cannot talk about stuff right now, a charge sheet will be given to players soon.”
Sethi said PCB's anti-corruption unit had information about spot-fixing before the PSL began on Feb. 9.
“We had identified a few players and then at final stages we knew the ICC had some information as well,” he said. “When we compared it, the information was the same and then we decided to act on this.”
“We have these players' phones in which there is more information — who they were in touch with, what they talked about.”
Sethi said the cricket board's anti-corruption unit had infiltrated gambling operations in Pakistan ahead of the tournament.
It's not the first time Pakistan cricketers have been embroiled in corruption controversies. In 1999 Salim Malik and Ataur Rehman were banned for life following a match-fixing investigation.
In 2010 three players — Mohammad Amir, Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif — were suspended for five years for their involvement in the bowling of deliberate no-balls at pre-determined times during a test match in England.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho wasn't keen on talking about the officiating mistakes which aided Manchester United in their 2-0 win at West Ham.
Referee Mike Dean wrongly dismissed the Hammers' Sofiane Feghouli in the first half before Zlatan Ibrahimovic's goal was allowed to stand despite replays showing he was offside, the Manchester Evening News report.
United themselves have been on the end of some controversial decisions this season and Mourinho was instead interested in talking about his tactical decision to bring on Juan Mata and Marcus Rashford, who combined to score United's opener at the London Stadium.
"If you speak about the decisions, Manchester United are the champions of wrong decisions," Mourinho said in a broadcast interview.
(Photo: West Ham United via Getty)
(Photo: Getty Images)
When it was suggested at his press conference decisions were going United's way, Mourinho replied: "Which decisions? My decisions to play Mata at half-time and Rashford later? Thank you very much."
After a journalist interjected and specified it was the referee's decisions, Mourinho added: "No, not at all. When I play at home I have in my office every detail, at half-time I can watch, after the match I watch immediately, I know immediately the Zlatan goal against Middlesbrough is a goal, I know it is a penalty on Rashford minute 76, I know immediately.
"But when I play away I don't have access to that so I cannot comment on that decision, I cannot comment also on Kouyate tackle on Mkhitaryan, I cannot comment."
A MELBOURNE-BASED comedian who tweeted that Anzac Day is "Bogan Halloween" and a celebration of Australia's "fetishism of war and violence" has been slammed for her comments.
But like most pile-ons on social media, many took things way, way too far.
Catherine Deveny tweeted on Tuesday that "serve" is not the right word for our armed servicemen and women.
"Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs?" she wrote.
"It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishism of war and violence."
Later, she wrote that it was a "hilarious notion" that our Diggers fought for our right to free speech and that "Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British".
On Tuesday, a former soldier wrote to Deveny: "Catherine, I served my country, as a soldier, for 26 years. How many did you serve? Zero."
The comedian responded: "You didn't serve your country, you chose a job in the violence industry."
ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
One of the thing that ANZAC day brings up is the hilarious notion that Australians have fought for our right to free speech. Australians do not have the right to free speech. Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs? It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishisation of war and violence. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 23, 2018
On Facebook she declared that she can't wait for Anzac Day to be over.
"I abhor Anzac Day and can't wait til it's over. I am so delighted to hear the chorus increasing every year saying 'Anzac Day is bullshit. It's a Trojan horse for ­racism, sexism, toxic masculinity, violence, homophobia and discrimination'.
"ANZAC Day is f***ing disgusting and should have gone in the bin decades ago. As it gets closer my head feels tighter and tighter and I feel more and more nauseous. I blame the collective cognitive dissonance seeping in."
She finished with a third tweet late on Tuesday night: "ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween."
Deveny has been here before. She is an outspoken critic of Anzac Day and previously wrote that she expects the "yearly hate explosion over my Anzac Day opinions".
"My views, that Anzac Day does not reflect the inclusiveness of all those affected by war, nor our more sophisticated understanding of the true machinations and motivations behind war are neither rare, radical nor new."
In recent years, she wrote: "Anzac Day. A celebration of a society so f***ed up it saw no other option than to go to war. Kill, rape and invade. Then glorify it."
The response is almost always the same. Some support her, many are disappointed.
"It must be that time of the year again," Guy McRedmond wrote on Twitter.
"When you try to convince yourself that you are somehow relevant by tweeting more uneducated rubbish about ANZAC Day and serving members of the ADF. It's easy to post crap to get a reaction. Certainly a lot easier than serving one's country."
Another wrote that Deveny has "the right to free speech but this is vulgar. Would you say that to the face of an elderly soldier?"
Journalist Tom Steinfort tweeted simply: "Catherine Deveny. Yawn. Don't give her the attention she craves."
3AW host Tom Elliot said he was "upset" by Deveny's comments.
"Bloody hell, she is an absolute nutcase," he said. "This idea that fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan where you could be killed at any time is riduclous. What on earth would Catherine Deveny, a left-wing, alleged, not very funny comedian know about such a thing?"
The Australian Defence Association told The Australian Deveny was being "deliberately provocative".
"(She) ignores that serving in our Defence Force means accepting the obligation to 'work' in an unlimited liability occupation," the Association said. "That's why it's serving, not just working ... "Moreover, Australia has a Defence Force, not 'armed forces'."
But others responded with threats of rape and violence and ruined any chance for sensible debate.
Catherine Deveny is no stranger to backlash over her Anzac Day tweets. Picture: Scott McNaughton
After a series of tweets in the lead up to Anzac Day this year, Deveny wrote that Anzac "trolls" are "ignorant and uneducated and prove my point better than I ever could ... Show Some Respect = Shut The F*** Up Or I'll Threaten To Rape You".
She's not the first Australian with a profile to speak out against Anzac Day. Former SBS presenter Scott McIntyre was sacked in 2015 after referring to Australians marking Anzac Day as "poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers".
The Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull responded on Twitter, saying it is "difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments" and that the "despicable remarks deserve to be condemned".
That didn't stop him from posting a bunch more tweets on the subject in 2016.
Heroism on command, senseless violence, all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism. pic.twitter.com/AMdt0lq9gA — Scott McIntyre (@mcintinhos) April 25, 2016
Yassmin Abdel-Magied sparked a major backlast last year when she tweeted, "Lest We Forget (Manus, Nauru, Syria, Palestine)."
Last week, she doubled down on those comments, saying "you don't even need to mention the diggers (to get a response). You just need to ask for people to extend their empathy to others".
News.com.au has reached out to Deveny for comment.
rohan.smith1@news.com.au | @ro_smith
ANCHORAGE - In an effort to improve patient care throughout the state of Alaska, North Star Behavioral Health hosted the third biannual Holistic Healthcare Conference April 12-13.
Elke Villegas, the director of business development for North Star said, “Holistic health not only addresses disease-related challenges but also addresses the state of mind, emotions, and spirit.”
Lt. Col. Greg Thogmartin, the command chaplain for United States Army Alaska, led a workshop focused on caring for the military community on Wednesday.
Thogmartin began his presentation by thanking the therapists, nurses, counselors, and other medical practitioners who have been supportive of Alaska's military community, especially over the last decade, wherein service members experienced an increase in post-traumatic stress disorder and moral injuries. Throughout his presentation, he referenced personal experiences he had during his twenty-four years of service and a vast amount of literature on the subject of moral injuries.
He presented the latest information on the concept of moral injury and potential approaches to relief. He said, “PTSD is primarily related to traumas where there is a fear response. Moral injury, while there is some overlap in symptoms, is driven more by the sense of guilt, the sense of shame.” He added, “It's that injury to the soul or that wound to who you are at the core, which pushes people to that point of despair, which makes suicide appear to be a viable option.”
Throughout the workshop, Thogmartin recommended some techniques used to evaluate moral injuries and activities that could be used to “lighten the rucksack.”
Thogmartin emphasized the importance of the community in recognizing how to care for service members and veterans dealing with moral injuries.
At the end of his presentation, he participated in a panel discussion with four additional Chaplains, Col. Rick Cook, state command chaplain for Alaska National Guard, Lt. Col. Ted McGovern, support chaplain for Alaska National Guard, Maj. James Hall, 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division Chaplain, Maj. Will Harrison, 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division Chaplain. The panel explained how the military is focused on resiliency and identified some resources for service members.
When asked about where service members could seek out help, Hall replied, “it usually takes a moral authority to help someone with a moral injury.”
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.12.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 14:45 Story ID: 230616 Location: ANCHORAGE, AK, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S. Army Alaska chaplain conducts training to educate community on moral injuries, by MAJ Timothy Chavis, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with his wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and he planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As she packed the blankets, pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, she reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
As Ben Stokes continues to rise in stature, his numbers are matching and surpassing another allrounder in Andrew Flintoff. But it's unfair to compare them on numbers alone.
Measuring Ben Stokes against Andrew Flintoff's success is not an outrageous thing to do, either due to their playing style, or charismatic, occasionally hot-headed, nature.
But when you compare their numbers alone, Ben Stokes has already reached Flintoff's level.
Over the course of Flintoff's 79-Test match career, he struck five centuries and took three five wicket hauls. Ben Stokes has already reached these feats in 35 tests.
But does that mean Stokes is better? Not necessarily.
After the most recent Test match at the Oval against South Africa, Stokes was asked about emulating Flintoff. He said: “I'm trying to produce certain moments in a game so it can swing our way but I am not trying to live up to anyone else's reputation. I'm trying to do what I do and trying to keep putting in good performances.”
It's undeniable that numbers show Stokes achieving more at a better rate, but it's not just about numbers. There's a reason why Stokes would talk of trying to ‘live up' to Flintoff.
Everyone could see how good Flintoff was, but it never really translated in the record books. Regardless of that, given the option of having him or not, you'd take him every time. Why? Because he was a talisman. He didn't take lots of five wicket halls, or convert enough fifties into tons, but he got out big players at crucial times and changed games. And he balanced a team – a very different team in a different era, in different playing conditions, and against arguably better oppositions.
Fred was part of Duncan Fletcher's England, who battled a mighty South African side and defeated one of the best Australian teams in history. Who knows what Stokes would do if he had to face Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath? Would he have run down the pitch to Murali, like he does to Keshav Maharaj? I don't think so.
Whilst Flintoff was at the heart of a settled team, Stokes has had more opportunity, and necessity, to take responsibility. Stokes is part of a side which has been searching for a number of permanent positions in the top order.
This means that Stokes is not coming in to hit a nice cameo; he's one of England's best batsman. And, let's face it, by the end of Flintoff's career he was batting at seven or eight. He was a bowling allrounder, and Stokes is a batting allrounder.
Lastly, the game has changed considerably in recent times. Whether it's the impact of T20 which has increased risk-taking, or DRS leading to wickets that would never have been given 10-years-ago, there are lots of variables.
Whilst it's disappointing that Flintoff's numbers don't represent how good he was, Stokes surpassing his statistical achievements don't tell the whole story.
Anyone who watched Flintoff knows he was a lot better than his record suggests. And anyone who wants to compare England best two all-rounders in recent times should remember who Stokes is looking up to.
Jack Mendel
NAIROBI: The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after “age-related complications,” researchers announced Tuesday, saying he “stole the heart of many with his dignity and strength.”
A statement from the in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after his condition “worsened significantly” and he was no longer able to stand. His muscles and bones had degenerated and his skin had extensive wounds.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females.
“He was a great ambassador for his species and will be remembered for the work he did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity,” said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors. Last year he was listed as “The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World” on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort.
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan, taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009. Rangers caring for Sudan described him as gentle.
The rhino “significantly contributed to survival of his species as he sired two females,” the conservancy said. “Additionally, his genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies.” —AP
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
MELBOURNE Victory star Rhys Williams has declared Sydney FC there for the taking, as they plot to up-end a seven-game, 27-month Sky Blues losing streak.
A Sydney FC domination has unfolded since January 26, 2016, when Matt Jurman's own goal at Etihad Stadium gifted Victory a 1-0 win in a season Sydney FC struggled.
Since that ordinary campaign, when they finished seventh - seven points and one place behind Victory, who lost the elimination final at Brisbane Roar - Graham Arnold's changed persona has prompted an epic reversal of fortunes.
Sydney has lost just four of 56 A-League games (42 wins and 10 draws) on its way to claiming two Premier's Plates (top spot) and a title, in addition to the FFA Cup.
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
That has included a domination of Victory with six wins and a 1-1 draw effectively seven wins after the Sky Blues prevailed in last season's grand final via penalties.
Williams, who almost signed for Sydney FC at the start of the season, has only been exposed to it this season after crossing from Perth Glory and was confident that tide would turn.
"They're up for the taking,'' Williams said.
"The three games this season we've actually played some of our best stuff against them, we just haven't finished them off so hopefully a fourth time lucky.
"Not at all (doubt doesn't creep in). Every time we've played them, it's not as if they've flogged us or played us off the park - in my opinion anyway.
"It's been about them taking their chances and we didn't on the day.
"The magnitude of the game is a big thing for us. We knew tonight they would come out as well and we woke up late on.
"(Saturday) we have to be at our best for 90-95 minutes to make sure we come out (on top)."
Williams, who is hoping to launch a late push for a Russia 2018 berth, is thrilled with his 32-game season in all competitions, the most he's played since 2011-12 for Middlesbrough.
"I feel like this season I'm close to where I want to be. I think I'm just getting fitter, that's all it is,'' he said.
"I don't know if I've evolved, but it's certainly helped to get to where I was, obviously with my injuries it was tough."
Williams' decade in England meant he'd never played finals, but he may be Victory's lucky charm.
"One from one, I'll take that,'' Williams said.
"The crowd was low (against Adelaide) but it was loud and we look forward to next week."
The blast was reported in midtown Manhattan at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue, according to New York police department's official Twitter feed. Photo: ANI/Twitter
The New York Police Department (NYPD) was responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin on Monday morning in midtown Manhattan at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue, according to the police department's official Twitter feed.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Some subway train lines there were being evacuated.
The New York fire department said it was responding to an incident at the Port Authority bus terminal in midtown Manhattan.
Here the latest updates and development from the New York blast:
■ New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City. NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city. Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York. (AP)
■ Four hurt in New York blast, none life-threatening, say firefighters. (AFP)
Update: A total of 4 injuries reported at the scene of an explosion at Port Authority. All injuries are non-life-threatening — FDNY (@FDNY) December 11, 2017
■ US stock futures were little changed after erasing an earlier climb on reports of an explosion in midtown Manhattan. The dollar fell and Treasuries rose. Contracts on the S&P 500 Index wiped out a small advance after the New York Police Department tweeted that it was responding to reports of an explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal on 42nd St. The dollar extended a loss and gold advanced. (Bloomberg)
■ The suspect, now in custody, had the pipe bomb strapped on before the blast on the New York subway platform, says police official. (AP)
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave, in subway: One male suspect is in custody. No injuries other than suspect at this time. Avoid the area. Subways bypassing #PortAuthority and Times Square Stations. Info is preliminary. pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
■ The only person injured in the New York blast is the male suspect, says NYPD. (AFP)
■ “There was an explosion under Port Authority somewhere in the subway. That's all we've got for now,” a police officer near the scene said. (Reuters)
■ Media reported several people were injured, and WPIX television reported, citing people aware of the developments, that a man with a “possible second device” has been detained in the subway tunnel. (Reuters)
■ “There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.” The New York subway has been evacuated. (Reuters)
■ Law enforcement official tells Associated Press that man had explosive device strapped on when it exploded in New York City subway.
■ A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform. The explosion happened around 7.30am Monday. Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue. (AP)
#WATCH Site of explosion near Times Square, in Manhattan section of New York City pic.twitter.com/HFLgAjzRBK — ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
■ US President Donald Trump has been briefed on the New York blast, says White House. (Reuters)
■ New York police confirm one person is in custody but not yet confirming what type of device was used. (Reuters)
■ Possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below the ground at Port Authority. One person is in custody. There are a few injuries. Police have obtained video and are confident it is contained, says ABC News.
■ A few injuries reported in the blast at New York's port authority, says WABC News citing police sources. (Reuters)
■ Reports of an explosion within Port Authority in New York City. Evacuations underway. The A, C and E lines of the New York subway are being evacuated at this time, tweets New York City Police Department. (ANI)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
by
“Rake leaves or move? I can't decide.”
That's a good line from the comic strip “Maxine” that captures my feelings this time of year.
The 70-plus degree weather, absent of any rain, last weekend forced me into that usually springtime task of ridding much of my yard of autumn's leaves.
I love watching them slowly fall to the ground from the giant, more than 100-year-old oak trees in my yard each fall and the beautiful scene it creates as they cover every inch of our property like a colorful, thick, blanket. But then winter departs, not that it ever arrived this year, and it's time to get ready for spring.
I always start with a blower and my riding lawn mower to get rid of as many leaves as possible before retrieving the dreaded rake. The blower drives them out of the flower beds and away from the corners of the house. Then I hook up the mulching attachment to my mower and ride back and forth across the yard until the leaves are reduced to a cloud of dust.
Unfortunately, I can't eliminate every leaf in such manner and am forced to pull out the rake to get around the thorny rose bushes, the prickly holly and the still wet patches where the leaves refuse to turn loose.
Jimmy Taylor was over at the house for a while and enjoyed seeing my plight.
“Battling those leaves are you?” he asked with a grin.
“And losing,” I replied.
I don't recall it from my college physics classes, but I know it's a proven law that whatever direction you are trying to rake leaves, the wind must blow opposite. At times I would throw down the rake and hop back on the mower and go chasing the fleeing pests.
I also learned over the weekend that our 9-month old Yellow Lab Charlie despises the rake as much as I. He barked, bit and jumped around as it drugs across the ground throughout my time in the backyard. He has the same reaction to the blower and lawn mower.
I had to toss a tennis ball or kick a soccer ball across the yard for him to chase to finally get a little raking done. When I would get a good pile together ready to be picked up, he would end up in it like Snoopy in a Peanuts cartoon, as if I raked it up just for him.
After two days of blowing, mulching, raking, tossing and kicking, I'm probably 75 percent of the way toward a leaf-free yard. With so much already in bloom around our house, spring may not wait for me to finish the other 25 percent.
I could always adopt Maxine's point of view – “I like spring. It's when I officially switch from not raking to not mowing.”
Mormon Funeral Potatoes: The Carb-Heavy Meal For The End of The World
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Sanders
A few weeks ago, Facebook users got an unexpected bit of morbid advertising when they were targeted with ads hawking "funeral potatoes" from a Utah company known as Augason Farms. Many of them immediately took to Twitter, wondering a.) what on Earth funeral potatoes were and b.) why on Earth they would want any.
Mormons were not confused. They were limbering up in the social media wings, ready to explain their most delectable food invention to the world. You see, Mormons like me grew up eating funeral potatoes — not just at funerals, but at potlucks, Thanksgiving, and Sunday dinner. They are a combination of cubed potatoes, cream of chicken soup, cheese, and — the coup de grâce — a topping of butter-crisp Corn Flakes. This comfort food has pride of place next to other Mormon classics like cream cheese Jell-O, all manner of ice cream, and "dirty soda" — a virgin drink spiked with flavored syrup.
Funeral potatoes were memorialized as a collector pin during the 2002 Winter Olympics, held in Salt Lake. And just last year, a local food truck called Cook of Mormon started dispensing the indulgent dish around Salt Lake with a dash of Mormon nice. According to Jesse Ward — the erstwhile owner of the establishment, who doled out food dressed as a Latter Day Saint missionary — the lines were long.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Sanders
Mormons, so the logic goes, are particularly obsessed with fatty, sugary foods because all other vices have been taken from them. The religion prohibits drinking or smoking, so they reserve their human frailty for carbohydrates.
Or it could be that the cuisine is an extension of Mormons' devotion to 1950s values. Religious scholar Armand Mauss argues that around mid-century, Mormons turned from being a "peculiar people" (a phrase that harkens back to a time when the LDS Church was at war with the U.S. government, Utah was a communitarian theocracy, and the faithful practiced polygamy) toward assimilation.
Mormons wanted to become models of the mid-century mainstream. Their cuisine went from wholesome farm food to the processed, Crocker-esque diet many middle-class Americans were turning to at that time. Once a people who made everything from scratch, they became a people who put ready-made foods into other ready-made foods: canned soup on instant rice, Sprite in sherbet, and, of course, Corn Flakes on potatoes.
According to Jacqueline Thursby, a retired folklore professor at the Church-owned Brigham Young University, this new approach paired perfectly with the demands of the new Mormon housewife life, where big families and bigger congregations required food that could be made quickly, stored easily, and taste good to everyone. It was even more perfect for the Relief Society, the Mormon female auxiliary organization involved in ministering to the sick, poor and otherwise afflicted, who needed quick meals for the endless births, weddings, and deaths they attended. Funeral potatoes became a staple — essential fast food for hard times.
But as much as Mormon food practices have shifted since the pioneer days, there's still an emphasis on that most frontier of values: self-reliance. Mormons leaders still instruct the faithful to maintain pantries full of preserved produce, as well as a three-month supply of food, drink, and other items that the Church calls "emergency preparedness." Members recognize those items as the supplies they will need to weather the chaos that will precede the Second Coming of Jesus.
This has created a burgeoning "doom boom" industry in Mormon states like Utah, where many of the nation's top food storage companies are located.
It's precisely this blend of pioneer self-reliance and 50s comfort cooking that inspired Utah-based Augason Farms, a family-run company calling itself a "pioneer in the survival food business," to create their emergency pouches of funeral potatoes featured in its Facebook ads. Their motto? Potatoes to die for.
Mark Augason, the head of the company, says he was just trying to have some fun. But his customers were shocked. "They were saying, 'Why would you call it that, what does it mean?' Some people were offended. Some people were intrigued. But most people made jokes about it."
Augason likes to keep a sense of humor about things. The son of a food inventor, he says he's always looking for the next big thing. This impulse dates back to his childhood, where every Wednesday his siblings gathered for Invention Day, battling it out to create the next big food sensation from items in their fridge.
As Augason got older, he kept up the rivalry tradition, challenging his wife's aunt to an annual funeral potato bake-off. His twist? Frozen hash browns instead of cubed potatoes, two kinds of creamy soup, and Lays potato chips sprinkled on top. So when Augason pushed himself to create a new food storage product that was creative and went beyond the staples, it was no big stretch to come up with a just-add-water twist on a family classic.
But food storage isn't all laughs for Augason. In fact, he's dead serious about preparing for disaster. In his Heber City, Utah garage alone, he has 16 years of food for 12 people, plus 2,500 gallons of water. "I don't want to put my life in somebody else's hands if I can do something about it," he says. "We have insurance on our cars, we have insurance on our homes, we have insurance on just about everything. It doesn't hurt anybody to store extra food."
And Augason says disaster preparation is not exclusive to Mormons. He estimates that only ten percent of his current customers are Mormon, the rest range from hard-core preppers to religious folks to everyday people worried about natural disasters.
Still, Augason thinks preparing should also consider satisfaction — like the familiarity of a cheesy dish of potatoes around a kitchen table, inside a bunker or out. Funeral potatoes are not just for a loved one's funeral, but could be for the ultimate funeral: the end of the world.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drake's dad, Dennis Graham , has waded into the escalating spat between his son and rapper Push T.
The patriarch shared an explosive rant to Instagram, where he warned haters 'watch how you speak on our name' as part of a lengthy post.
His outburst came after the recent beef between the pair was brought up on Wendy Williams' US Talk show.
While discussing Pusha T's claims Drake had fathered a secret love child with an ex porn star, Williams said Drake's ex Rihanna had 'dodged a bullet' when she broke up with him.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
Following the show, Drake's furious father Dennis, who used to be drummer for rock 'n' roll star Jerry Lee Lewis, vented his response on social media.
"I had come to actually finally like Wendy Williams and watch her show it grew on me," began Dennis.
He continued: "Here's the game changer, It's very informative when you listen to a talk host report a story that they've actually researched and share it with their audience but this Rupaul Drag Race Queen looking B#+##^ has stepped out of her lane."
Dennis then fired: "You know nothing about Drake or Myself, Do your research before you try and be funny to your 79 capacity audience,Rupaul Jr WATCH HOW YOU SPEAK ON OUR NAME!!!!!!!! I lost all respect for you today !!!!"
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
The drama between feuding rappers kicked off way back in 2012, when Pusha T accused Drake of using a ghostwriter for some of his lyrics.
Drake retaliated by accusing Pusha of over-exaggerating his drug dealing exploits to up his street cred.
This month Pusha dropped The Story of Adidon, he shockingly infers that Drake fathered an illegitamete love child with porn star Sophie Brussaux.
(Image: sophieknowsbetter/Instagram)
“Sophieknowsbetter as your baby mother/ Cleaned her up for IG but the stench is on her," Pusha raps before blatantly alleging, “You are hiding a child.”
"Adonis is your son / And he deserves more than an Adidas press run, that's real / Love that baby, respect that girl / Forget she's a porn star, let her be your world," he continues.
(Image: Splash)
And it doesn't look like the spat will be disappearing any time soon.
Pusha boasted to Vulture: "My truth was questioned, and I'm gonna deal in truths all summer long."
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for comment.
Washington: Former United States Vice President Joe Biden has lambasted President Donald Trump and his administration, stating that the President is leading the US 'down a very dark path'.
Biden, in his acceptance speech after receiving the Zbigniew Brzezinski annual prize at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), took a dig at the US President.
"We really worry that we`re walking down a very dark path. It`s not alarmist. We`re walking down a very dark path that isolates the United States on the world stage and, as a consequence, endangers -- not strengthens -- endangers American interests and the American people," CNN quoted Biden as saying.
Biden also lambasted Trump`s speech at the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA), where termed North Korea`s Kim Jong-un as "rocket man".
"Trading insults. Deploying taunting nicknames. Promising to `totally destroy` a country of 25 million people. Such erratic action only worsens the crisis and rejects the possibility of diplomacy," Biden added.
Investigators looking into Sunday's Las Vegas massacre have found no known nexus to terror or connections to ISIS, Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill told reporters Friday.
They have no credible information as to Stephen Paddock's motive, despite more than 1,000 leads and tips, McMahill said at a news conference.
McMahill said authorities are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room, but are still trying to determine whether anyone else knew of Paddock's plans.
Other developments from the media briefing:
— Authorities do not believe another person used Stephen Paddock's room key at the Mandalay Bay hotel
— McMahill called security guard Jesus Campos a “true hero.” Campos was dispatched to the 32nd floor on Sunday night because a door-ajar alarm was going off.
— Investigators have reviewed “volumonous amounts of video” from many different locations including Mandalay Bay and have not seen any other person they think at this point is another suspect.
— Asked about video on which Paddock might have discussed motive, McMahill said: “I am not aware that we have recovered any such video.
Source: Shooter tried to buy tracer rounds
Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN.
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show, but he couldn't obtain the tracer ammunition — bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path — because the vendor didn't have any to sell, the official said.
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when he fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from his suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, hundreds of yards away, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition, he could have had a more precise idea of where his shots were going in the darkness, and could have been more accurate.
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers — perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine, said Art Roderick, a CNN law enforcement analyst.
“It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target, but a specific area. … There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if he had tracer rounds,” said Roderick, a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service.
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer ammunition, Paddock's location was difficult to determine from the outside, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
“The barrel of the rifle — we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that he was … pulled back inside,” Gagliano said.
At least 88 of the injured still were in Las Vegas-area hospitals on Friday morning, 37 of whom were in critical condition, representatives of the facilities said.
Did Paddock want to escape?
Five days after the mass shooting, authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant, who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons.
In addition to the 23 weapons in his hotel suite, Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car in the hotel parking lot, police said, fueling suspicion that he intended to survive the massacre.
“He was doing everything possible to see how he could escape,” Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday, declining to detail specifics.
Escape, in this case, might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until he got caught, said John Sheahan, a former Las Vegas SWAT team member.
“There's one of three ways it's going to end for an active shooter, and they pretty much all know this. You're either going to commit suicide; you're going to … shoot it out with (police) and you're going to be killed; or you're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b, c, d and e until the police finally stop you,” Sheahan said.
“He rented the room in his own name. He's already on video coming in and out. We know who he is. He's going to be the most wanted man in the world if he does try to leave here,” he added.
Authorities: Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree, but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest he had assistance.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of his attack planning.
Lombardo, the sheriff, had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out his plan by himself.
“Do you think this was all accomplished on his own? You've got to make the assumption he had to have some help at some point,” he said.
As the investigation grinds on, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday, who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event.
His body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery, and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city — one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening.
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack, the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled, David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN.
“This was a mutual decision with the show's organizers, given recent events, it was the prudent thing to do,” Strow said.
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks — legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly.
In the aftermath of Sunday's shooting, pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association, the powerful pro-gun lobby, have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices, which sell for under $200, should be subject to additional regulation.
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination, the White House said Wednesday.
‘Numbers' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock's room, according to the New York Times. Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning, but Lombardo didn't elaborate on whether they are significant or not.
“Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note,” the Times reported.
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre, Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival.
In addition, in August, a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago's Blackstone Hotel during the city's Lollapalooza music festival, said Wagstaff Worldwide, which represents the hotel.
But that person never checked into the hotel, which overlooked the festival, Wagstaff Worldwide spokeswoman Emmy Carragher said.
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre.
The Chicago Tribune, citing an anonymous law enforcement source, reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel.
Hairdresser: Paddock spoke about girlfriend's trip
Kallie Beig, who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite, Paddock's hometown, told CNN exclusively that she had cut Paddock's hair at least three times over the past three years, and that every time he had come in, always early in the morning, he had smelled of strong liquor.
He would tell her that he'd been up all night gambling, she said.
The last time she saw him was two months before Sunday's tragedy, she said.
During his last visit, he told her he was planning on sending his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to the Philippines and he was going to be alone. She did not discuss the trip with Danley personally.
“The last time I saw him was probably only about two months ago… he came in and got his hair cut, and again, smelled of alcohol, and his girlfriend was with him… doing her own thing, and he was telling me about her leaving to go to the Philippines.”
She said that the interaction was normal and didn't raise any red flags with her.
“He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by himself but it wasn't anything weird, it wasn't anything that seemed off.”
In her statement released through her attorney, Matt Lombard, Danley said the trip was a surprise.
“A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me he found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that he wanted me to take a trip home to see my family,” she said.
“Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends.”
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant — she said she didn't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way.
By Euan McKirdy and Jason Hanna, CNN
The Carroll College Fighting Saints soccer teams hosted the Rocky Mountain College Battlin' Bears for a soccer doubleheader at Nelson Stadium.
The Saints men lost 1-0 in the first match of the day to a Rocky team ranked 10th in the NAIA. The Saints women suffered a similar fate as the Bears broke through in second half to take that match 1-0.
Black and Muslim choirs unite for “Art Against All Odds”
Perla Luna
THE SANTA CLARA
February 9, 2017
Amidst the marches, Facebook rants and disappointing leadership of the American government, “Art Against All Odds” seeks to be a venue for hope and solidarity. On Feb. 11, the Mission Church will play host to a cultural concert by Zawaya Aswat Ensemble and Vukani Mawethu. The performance will highlight unity between black and Muslim communities.
Founded in 2003 by Nabila Mango, Zawaya is a non-profit organization increasing awareness of multicultural discourse and offering a genuine image of Arab-Americans through the use of art. Since 2013, they've been working with Vukani Mawethu, a black gospel choir from Oakland, on various inter-community projects to sing for justice. The idea of art as a form of resistance comes from a long tradition of oral protest for Vukani.
“We sing songs from the Anti-Apartheid movement taught to us by James Madhlope Phillips, an exiled South African freedom fighter,” Vukani leader Andrea Turner said. “We also come out of the Civil Rights movement—singing not only freedom songs, but gospel and spirituals.”
On Dec. 4, the Aswat Ensemble and Vukani gave the first performance of “Art Against All Odds.” The historical targeting of black community and Muslim communities inspired the concept of tying the two together. Current political and social trends also made the connection all the more obvious to Zawaya and Vukani. They focused on the theme of inter-community collaborations as a way of overcoming and fighting back against the increasing intolerance faced by many minorities in America today.
“Islamophobia is not an alternative fact,” Nabila said. “It's real and it's on the rise. Institutional racism is an obstacle that Black Americans have faced on a daily basis for centuries and Muslims are currently facing because of increasing intolerance.”
Their first “Art Against All Odds” concert successfully drew an audience of over 600 people, a response so overwhelmingly positive that they wanted to tour the show. Santa Clara Professor Farid Senzai introduced Nabila to Danielle Aguilar from the Office for Multicultural Learning. The two began collaborating to bring the performance to Santa Clara.
“We felt that as a Jesuit campus it was important important to be able to highlight the celebration of two groups of people that are currently very marginalized and have a lot of negative connotations associated with them,” Danielle said.
The only space on campus that could accommodate the event was the Mission Church and that brought up the complicated question of what it would mean to host an Islamic performance there. Conversations were held between staff and Campus Ministry but they decided hosting them would be a relevant and powerful experience for students.
“Our Jesuit values call us to engage in new perspectives to understand our community and that includes our black and muslim student staff and faculty,” Danielle said. “That's the first step to creating the equity and justice we want.”
Those in attendance can expect to hear collaborative performances of songs in English, Turkish and Arabic that represent both communities. They will be singing music they consider sacred, including Gospel, Sufi and Islamic Sacred Music, Black Spirituals and Civil Rights songs.
“I would describe ‘Art Against All Odds' as an inspiring tribute to unity, freedom of expression, love and faith in God,” Nabila said. “We hope that ‘Art Against All Odds' highlights the importance of inter-community cooperation and that it encourages more communities to become involved in projects like this.”
Looking forward, Zawaya and company already have more performances of “Art Against All Odds” lined up and have a goal to bring it to every county in the Bay Area. Their next collaboration continues the spirit of intersectionality as they celebrate San Jose's “Day of Remembrance” with the Japanese Community on Feb. 19.
“I hope that people come away from the experience with a greater understanding and appreciation of the rich and diverse musical heritage of these two minorities,” Nabila said. “Our goal is for people to leave the concert feeling uplifted and to see that despite our differences we can work together to create a beautiful and inspiring experience.”
Contact Perla Luna at pluna@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Patrick Beverley and the Houston Rockets took down the Oklahoma City Thunder Sunday night in a 118-87 blowout. A huge part of the Rockets plan was for Beverley to harass Russell Westbrook endlessly and just generally annoy him. It worked, as Westbrook had his worst game in weeks. But more than the stats, there's clear visual evidence Beverley is getting under Russ's skin.
Look at this shot in the first half of Beverley following and mocking Westbrook's posture and movements exactly:
lollllll i love how amazing of a troll Patrick Beverley is, he's out here synchronizing his movements with Russ like a game of ‘Simon Says' 😭 pic.twitter.com/gqGRhbURWK — Rob Perez (@World_Wide_Wob) April 17, 2017
Russ does not look happy.
Then today, Westbrook's official Twitter account liked the following picture:
That picture of course depicts what happened after this play:
Oh my lord Steven Adams just flattened Pat Beverley pic.twitter.com/cFeQKKiVgA — Rob Perez (@World_Wide_Wob) April 17, 2017
Beverley is an outstanding defender, but his true value to the Rockets in this series is annoying Westbrook to no end. Sunday night, Westbrook finished the game with 22 points, 11 rebounds, seven assists and two steals, but he also had nine turnovers and was a minus-25 for the contest.
Meanwhile, Beverley scored 21 points, grabbed 10 boards and had three assists and two steals. He basically matched Westbrook. That's insane, and it clearly has Russ angry.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a bungling learner driver carrying his instructor and two other students launched his car out off an elevated driving course.
The man, only named by his surname Li, is said to have muddled up the pedals and crashed off the side of the 13ft drop, landing on the road below and destroying a resting booth.
The accident, which fortunately resulted in no serious injuries, happened at the Longteng Driving Centre in Xiangyun County in Dali, a tourist city in south-western China's Yunnan Province.
Li had been accompanied by his instructor, surnamed Chen, as well as two other learners surnamed Zhao and Chen.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
The group were taking turns for their driving tests and were navigating the driving course when Li mistook his accelerator pedal for the breaks, a statement said.
He then crashed through the fence surrounding the course, dropped 13 foot onto the road below and then slammed into the booth, which was thankfully empty.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Police investigating the incident said Li, despite being a learner, was responsible for the crash.
As he does not have a licence, he has failed his test and will need to start again from the beginning.
The Longteng Driving Centre said they would, as the learner's teaching institute, take full responsibility for the accident.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eileen Grimshaw and Nicola Rubenstein will face their worst nightmare this evening - Pat Phelan.
In shocking scenes airing tonight on Coronation Street , the pair will come face-to-face with murderous builder Phelan as he barges into their own home.
Intent on exacting revenge, Phelan points a gun at both of them as he makes his demands to see his grandson Zach.
Speaking to Mirror TV ahead of tonight, actresses Sue Cleaver and Nicola Thorp teased what viewers could expect tonight - describing it as “gripping and bloody”.
(Image: ITV)
Full of vitriol, Phelan lashes out at Eileen by saying that he never loved her and that he felt sick every time she touched him.
“By then she's just in shock, of course he's going to say that,” soap star Sue, who plays Eileen, said. “I think there's no doubt that he loved her. But then as soon as she went against him that was the end of it, so yeah.”
She added: “Her focus is on Zach and Nicola at that moment.”
(Image: ITV)
As well as being brutal and violent, Nicola and Sue also said that some laughs would be in store.
“It is funny, we watched it and I was really surprised, there are some really funny moments in it,” Nicola said. “Classic Corrie - bloody and humour.”
“And it is ‘the end',” Sue quipped.
So what will life be like in Weatherfield after Phelan?
“Well hopefully it will be a bit calmer, hopefully no one will die,” Sue replied.
Nicola joked: “Yeah, just for a few weeks”.
*Coronation Street airs tonight at 9pm on ITV
By Jonathan Turley
October 06, 2017 “Information Clearing House” – For years, civil libertarians have warned that Great Britain has been in a free fall from the criminalization of speech to the expansion of the surveillance state. Now the government is pursuing a law that would make the repeated viewing of extremist Internet sites a crime punishable to up to 15 years in prison. It appears that the government is not satiated by their ever-expanding criminalization of speech. They now want to criminalize even viewing sites on the Internet. As always, officials are basically telling the public to “trust us, we're the government.” UK home secretary Amber Rudd is pushing the criminalization of reading as part of her anti-radicalization campaign . . . which turns out to be an anti-civil liberties campaign.
We have previously discussed the alarming rollback on free speech rights in the West, particularly in France (here and here and here and here and here and here) and England ( here and here and here and here and here and here and here and here and here and here). Even the Home Secretary has been accused of hate speech for criticizing immigrant workers.
Prime Minister Theresa May has previously called for greater government control of the Internet. Now, the government not only would make reading material on the Internet a crime, but would not necessarily tell you what sites will be deemed the ultimate click bait. Rudd told a Conservative Party conference that she wants to crackdown on people “who view despicable terrorist content online, including jihadi websites, far-right propaganda and bomb-making instructions.” So sites deemed “far-right propaganda” (but not far-left propaganda) could lead to your arrest — leaving the government with a sweeping and ambiguous mandate.
The law would move from criminalizing the downloading of information to simply reading it. The move confirms the long criticism of civil libertarians that the earlier criminalization would just be the start of an ever-expanding government regulation of sites and speech. Rudd admits that she wants to arrest those who just read material but do not actually download the material.
In the past, the government assumed near total discretion in determining who had a “reasonable excuse” for downloading information.
We are different from all the oligarchies of the past, in that we know what we are doing. All the others, even those who resembled ourselves, were cowards and hypocrites. The German Nazis and the Russian Communists came very close to us in their methods, but they never had the courage to recognize their own motives. They pretended, perhaps they even believed, that they had seized power unwillingly and for a limited time, and that just round the corner there lay a paradise where human beings would be free and equal. We are not like that. We know that no one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it. Power is not a means; it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.Britain has long relied on the presumed benevolence of the government in giving its sweeping authority in the surveillance and regulation of speech, including the media. This move however is a quantum shift in government controls over speech and information. Indeed, this comes the closest to criminalization not just speech but thought. It is a dangerous concept and should be viewed as disqualifying for anyone who want to hold (or retain) high office.
What is particularly striking is that this new law seeks to create a new normal in a society already desensitized to government controls and speech crimes. Thee is no pretense left in this campaign — just a smiling face rallying people to the cause of thought control.
Sound familiar?
George Orwell, 1984
Professor Jonathan Turley is a nationally recognized legal scholar who has written extensively in areas ranging from constitutional law to legal theory to tort law. https://jonathanturley.org/
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/47964.htm
Some residents of northern Kunduz province on Saturday complained telecom services are suspended every night in many areas, urging early solution to the inconvenience.
Sher Mohammad, a resident of Kunduz City, the provincial capital, told Pajhwok the suspension of telecom services at night had created serious problems for residents.
He said the situation had resulted from insecurity and urged the government to resolve the issue at the earliest possible. He said telecom services were suspended from 3pm to 6am on a daily basis.
A media activist, Hashmatullah, said due the nighttime suspension of telecom services meant no broadcasts. He said. “In a live program people always try to contact media officials and inform them about their problems, but unfortunately they cannot do so because telecom networks do not work at night.”
Hashmatullah further said the blackout made people feeling there was no government.
Nimatullah, another resident of Kunduz city, said the newly appointed governor should take major steps about this issue.
“The suspension of telecom services has a huge negative impact on businesses”
A member of the Afghanistan Telecommunications Regulatory Authority Board verified the nighttime suspension was forced by insurgents in insecure areas.
He said: “We cannot force the telecom companies to brave the security threat and be operational.”
A number of other residents held similar views and urged the government to resolve the issue.
On the other hand, Abdul Jabbar Naeemi, who recently took over as the provincial governor, said he had spoken about the issue with telecommunication officials.
“I promise all Kunduz residents that there would be 24 hours telecom eservices”.
However, Zabihullah Mujahid, a Taliban spokesman, admitted they forced telecom companies into switching off their antennas at night.
He said security forces used SIM cards during nighttime operations and therefore the Taliban had ordered telecom services to be suspended at night.
A number of areas in Kunduz province face the same problem.
nh
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was an election he was always destined to win.
Vladimir Putin 's rumoured girlfriend was even spotted casting her vote in the Russian presidential election on Sunday.
Gymnast Alina Kabaeva remained tight-lipped over who she backed, but added: “He will surely win.”
She was right. Putin then won the Russian Presidential election by a landslide.
Exit poll RIA puts his victory at 76.3% of the vote, VTsIOM has his success at 73.9% and TASS reported a figure of 71.9%.
Putin was vying for a new six-year term to make him the longest-serving Kremlin leader since feared Soviet dictator Josef Stalin.
But what does it all mean for Russia and the rest of the word? Here Russian academic and historian Yuri Felshtinsky examines...
How President Putin kept a hold of his country
(Image: Barcroft Media)
The Russia election result was exactly what I expected. I thought Putin would get around 75% of the vote as the competing parties have to be seen to be given something.
Putin has not lost any support because of what happened in Britain in the past few weeks. Most people across Russia only collect information from controlled TV channels.
We are dealing with a high-level propaganda machine. Many Russians, definitely more than 50%, believe enemies are around, that everybody wants to destroy and humiliate Russia, and that Putin is protecting Russia, making it independent and stronger every day.
It is possible the timing of the poisoning is linked to the elections. If other recent deaths in Skripal's family were not connected to his poisoning, a decision was probably made to do it just prior to the election.
This would be a case of military intelligence wanting to settle old scores, knowing the West is going to retaliate.
Whatever the scenario, it is impossible to presume Putin would not have been informed of this operation. The law passed in 2006 giving the FSB the power to kill enemies abroad has the caveat that it can only take place with permission of the president.
(Image: Getty)
The election process was always corrupt in Russia, in 1993 when Boris Yeltsin became president and in 2000 when Putin was elected for the first time. But now they have completely killed it. From 2004 there has been no room for real opposition at all.
Every time the Kremlin or FSB realise there is a potential leader for the opposition, they deal with him physically. This happened with Boris Nemtsov, killed in Moscow in 2015.
Several opposition leaders have died in questionable circumstances.
(Image: REUTERS)
With Alexei Navalny, they arrested him for crimes he never committed and through this he lost the constitutional right to stand for president.
Likewise, there are no political parties that can seriously mount an opposition.
Putin is supposedly a member of the biggest party but it is only the biggest because he is in it.
He holds all the power himself; he is above everything and everyone else.
From: “Heying, Heather”
Subject: Public response to [interim Provost]'s invitation to “come talk…in person” if we feel threatened
Date: May 25, 2017 at 1:43:18 PM PDT
To: [all staff and faculty at Evergreen]
Dear Evergreen administration,
You have allowed a critically dangerous situation to escalate, while obscuring facts from both those inside Evergreen, and people outside of campus.
This morning, our Provost invited those who have felt threatened or in danger this week to come speak to him, or an academic dean, in person, on campus. (I include his email at the end of mine, for those who were not included.)
At nearly the same moment, Bret Weinstein was being told that he was not safe on campus, and that he needed to leave immediately. He did so. He and his students are meeting off-campus today.
On Tuesday morning, May 23, a group of 50 or so protestors showed up in Bret's class. He tried to talk to them. His students tried to talk to them. The video, taken by one of the protestors, is widely available. In it, Bret asks for a dialectic (in which the truth is exposed), rather than a debate (in which both sides are trying to win). He is shouted down.
Later that day, at the meeting with hundreds of people on the fourth floor of the library, Bret listened while protestors spoke. He also listened while others spoke, including his own students. Those who did not agree with the new party line at Evergreen were again shouted down and, in some cases, taken aside by protestors and lectured. Bret was told, by text from his friends who were also in the room, that there was talk of not letting him leave.
Bret's students have been followed, verbally bullied, and aggressed against.
My family has been told to lock our doors, and keep our loved ones close.
You know all of this. The broader Evergreen community does not.
Why are you putting us at risk?
Why are you obscuring the facts?
Here is one national take on what is happening at Evergreen.
Bret and I have been receiving countless communications of support and concern from students — students of color and not — who are, at best, flabbergasted. Most of them have harsher criticism of what is happening. They speak of being ashamed and embarrassed to be affiliated with a college that would allow such vilification. Remember that what Bret has been doing, all year, is objecting to authoritarian changes in the college, and asking for dialogue. The specific argument that was picked up by the CPJ [Cooper Point Journal, the student newspaper], and which is the source of much of the anger directed at him, having to do with Day of Absence, was that having one population identifying and asking another population to leave a space is not acceptable.
Surely we can all remember historical precedent that lends credence to this objection.
The college has lost its way. The tactics being used by the protestors are oppressive and rageful. They are the same ones used by those on the alt-right, those who, in part, helped bring national politics to its current state.
Using oppression and fear mongering to maintain the status quo, as has happened nationally for a long time, ought to be wholly unacceptable in a democracy. Using oppression and fear mongering to fight for a reversal of that status quo ought to be similarly repugnant. A reversal of fortune, in which those who were in power are powerless, and those who were powerless have all the power, ought not be the goal. But it is the stated goal of at least some of the protestors and their allies.
That is not equity.
And this no longer looks like a liberal arts college.
Sincerely, Heather Heying / Member of the Faculty
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KPLR) - A north city man is thankful no one was hurt after a bullet flew through the window of his family room on New Year's Eve.
"I feel blessed and through the grace of god that nobody was here and nobody was injured" said Twestly Emsweller. "We can always replace that pane, but life can't be replaced" he said.
It happened just after midnight Sunday morning when Emsweller says the gunshots rang out near the home in the 3500 block of Paris Avenue.
This is what that homeowner heard at the time his glass alarm went off when bullet flew through his window. Sounds like a war zone @FOX2now pic.twitter.com/rGgh9eA0ZI — Gerron Jordan (@GerronJordan) January 1, 2017
"Man I thought I was in Beirut" Emsweller said. "Man it was gunshots everywhere. I know people are going to shoot on New Year's Eve, but they shouldn't do it at all" he said.
No one was in the family room at the time. Emsweller is hopeful people think twice of the consequences of firing weapons.
"This could have been- we could have been here recording a much different story" Emsweller said. "Don't shoot in the city".
Date Taken: 12.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082882 VIRIN: 161205-F-CA297-120 Resolution: 5568x3712 Size: 1.48 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION)
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, If they can't talk, they can't fight: Compass Call targets Da'esh through electronic attack [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has made a desperate plea for cannabis oil to be made available on the NHS to help reduce her son's seizures.
Karen Gray believes Cannabidiol (CBD) oil is the only thing that can help her son Murray, who has been diagnosed with Myoclonic Astatic Epilepsy.
The mum-of-three, from Edinburgh, has has launched a petition calling for the medicine to be prescribed five-year-old son- who has up to 12 seizures a month.
Murray was diagnosed with the illness in December, and is now in hospital where he is is taking five different kinds of medicine.
(Image: Ian Georgeson / SWNS.com)
Karen said: "Murray's been having chronic seizures since has been two years old, but only about three a year at that time.
"He lies down and starts to shake. Then last year they started to get a lot worse - he had six of them up until December and then he had 12 that month.
"It's an absolute stress but you've got to stay calm. It's a nightmare just watching him, you can't do anything and you feel totally helpless."
Karen also said Murray is swollen from the steroids he is having to take.
She said: "He doesn't look like the same wee boy."
The case is similar to that of six-year-old Alfie Dingley, from Warwickshire, who has 20 to 30 seizures a day.
His family are campaigning to have cannabis oil made available for medical purposes and Home Office ministers are looking at the the possibility of a drug trial to help him.
(Image: Photodisc)
Karen's petition has 700 signatures so far and she says is going to "fight this until the end".
She said: "This might be the last option for Murray. We know that moving him to the Hague to get the medical cannabis might be our only option to get him help."
Karen said her son, who is in primary one at Clermiston Primary School, has only been able to attend for three weeks since starting.
She says her son is missing out on his education and time with his friends and that she is unable to look after him at home due to the severity of his condition.
Murray also gets frustrated at not being able to feed himself.
Karen said: "If he's trying to hold a spoon of food up to his mouth, it goes everywhere, so I've got to hold it for him.
"He wants to do it himself, he's very independent... but I've got to hold the spoon because he's constantly twitching and shaking with the seizures."
(Image: Ian Georgeson / SWNS.com)
Cannabis oil is readily available and legal to buy, but having spoken with her doctor Karen realised she would need a medical professional to help with things like dosage.
She added: "I mentioned it to my doctor and they have done trials on epileptic syndromes and it was shown to help.
"My doctor said because it's not licensed the NHS can't use it, and I was warned that if I just go to a supplier and buy some, we wouldn't know if it's going to be the same strength each week. It could be far too strong or far too weak."
Local MSP Alex-Cole Hamilton said: "There is a huge volume of mainstream medical and scientific evidence that shows medical cannabis has helped stop the daily aggressive seizures that children with this syndrome have.
"It's heartbreaking that under the current laws in place, the NHS is not able to support patients who would benefit from the use of CBD oil.
"We need to see a change in the law so that patients who gain relief from the use of the drug are legally and safely able to do with medical support and beyond that a wholesale assessment of how we approach the issue of drugs."
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: "The licensing, safety and efficacy of medicines is currently reserved to the UK government and is the responsibility of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency who operate on a UKwide basis."
Watch Snob On Graduation Watches
The Snob Weighs In On Selecting A Graduation Watch - And How To Avoid Gimmicks
Speedmaster vs. El Primero
I'd like to seek your advice for the second time. I'm looking into getting a chronograph but am a bit torn between the Omega Speedmaster Professional Moonwatch (hesalite), and the Zenith Captain Chronograph with the El Primero movement. I'd like to pick your brain as to which one you'd recommend (unless it's neither but something completely different) based on the quality of the movement, reliability, brand quality, and resale value retention (in that order, i'd suppose).
This is actually a quite difficult choice because the two watches have a lot in common – if not in technical details specifically, then certainly in the basic value on offer. The Speedmaster is as you probably know a great favourite of mine. Aside from the fact that it is an exercise in fond nostalgia (I can remember personally the excitement of the moon landings) it is also a watch that has changed not at all since it was last certified by NASA in the early 1970s and to boot, it is still in use in manned space flight today.
The El Primero has a lot of history on its side as well. Of the three automatic chronographs that were the very first launched more or less simultaneously in 1969 – the Seiko 6139 and the Breitling/Heuer/Dubois-Depraz/Hamilton-Buren Caliber 11 were the other two – only the El Primero remains in production, having been saved from oblivion by the decision by Rolex to use it in its Daytonas.
Which you pick really depends on which story you find more interesting. The El Primero has managed to stay in production as a movement, longer than any other automatic chronograph and was truly a first in its day – the first integrated, full rotor, fast beat chronograph ever. The Speedmaster has been in use in manned space flight since the 1960s. What both have in common is that they are survivors.
Marketing Gimmick Or Smart Investment?
I really like JLC Master Memovox Boutique Edition and Grand Seiko SBGW251, but all of them limited products. I read some reviews of those watches and concluded the GS worth to acquire, but my heart tells the JLC Memovox is the one. I tend to own limited edition watches in the future, but I think some brands which issued limited watches more doing "marketing gimmick" packaged in past time glory with price. I try to convince myself the 2 watches are not the case, but my instinct tells it is for JLC. Would you kindly share your professional opinion? Thank you.
I don't particularly think either of these watches are gimmicky. Of course, the decision to make any watch is a marketing decision, ultimately – heaven knows brands make watches to sell them, not just to satisfy some abstract desire to make a nice watch. But both these watches have a great deal going for them.
The Grand Seiko is what many vintage watch lovers really want: all the beautiful simplicity and self-sufficent dignity of vintage watches but without any of the high chance of mechanical troubles that tends to go along with them. The Jaeger-LeCoultre Memovox offers the same, but with the addition of an ingenious and uncommon complication (I think there might very well be fewer alarm watches in production these days than there are minute repeaters!) and it's a delightful design as well.
The only observation I'd make is that the Seiko in platinum is a bit overkill for Grand Seiko; it's a lovely piece but Grand Seiko in platinum seems a little excessive. Irrational I know but I find this watch much more appealing in the gold or steel models. And of course, if you feel the Jaeger is the way to go, listen to your heart; that way you get to listen to that delightful alarm as well.
Choosing A Graduation Watch
In less about a year I will be completing law school. Fortunately, I was able to obtain my education debt free because I was able to acquire a full tuition scholarship upon entering school. I have been an avid reader of your blog before I entered school, now that I will be graduating soon, I am looking to treat myself to my first luxury timepiece(s). I know your first recommendation would typically be the Omega Speedmaster Moonwatch, however, because the profession I will be entering into is more conservative than most (the type where some senior partners and judges say, a blue dress shirt is casual), I am looking for one or two dress watches I can wear at the office.There are a few watches that have caught my eye, and I am looking to spend around $5,000 give or take.
My first choice is the Oyster Perpetual 39 from Rolex, the brands new "entry level Rolex." I find this to be a very tempting piece, while not a traditional "dress watch," it still looks conservative enough for the office, not only that it looks like it would also function well was a great everyday timepiece as well since it sports the rugged Oyster case. Also, the brand alone is attractive in and of itself, personally, I have difficulty finding any fault with this piece. My second choice is the Nomos Glashutte Orion 38mm (without date), a watch I have had my eye on for quite sometime. I find the minimalist design of Nomos to be irresistible, the price point also makes this very attractive purchase as well. Best of all, the manual wind movement, made in-house at Glashutte, I could see myself spending hours admiring the case back. However, the dilemma I have with the Nomos is that, it does not seem like the watch I would want to wear on my off days in a casual setting. If I bought the Nomos, I would also consider purchasing another watch with the leftover money, a watch I could wear casually as well. The sport watch I have in mind is, the Longines Legend Diver from Longines' Heritage Collection. I can almost sense your eyes rolling back now, but this is one of the very few modern Longines models I actually like, representing an ode back to an era of when the firm had its better days.
My dear aspiring barrister, the Longines Legend Diver is fine! It's not necessarily a watch I'd choose for myself, but the design is good, it's reliable and sensibly sized and it's an example of Longines doing something it does very well lately: recreate a vintage design without cocking it up. The Nomos is a very fine watch as well, and there is no doubt that its designs have become as popular as they have for a reason. I very much doubt you would be at all unhappy with the two as your office and “day off” wristwatches.
However, the Oyster 39 is another thing. It is actually a watch you can wear with just about anything, just about anywhere and the fact of the matter is that it is significantly qualitatively superior to either of the other watches. In a way that the Longines and the Nomos are not, it really is a sort of cornerstone piece and has a significantly better chance, in my view, of being a watch you will have ten or twenty years from now and which moreover you will look at fondly for it having been a trustworthy companion for so long. Not many Rolex customers buy their Rolexes because they understand just how well made they are, but I think you owe it to yourself to discover that for yourself, and to do so simply take time – and you may as well start now.
Send the Watch Snob your questions at editorial@askmen.com or ask a question on Instagram with the #watchsnob hashtag.
Interest Rate Rise Unsettles Stock Investors; Dow Falls 425 Points
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Drew/AP Richard Drew/AP
Updated at 4:19 p.m. ET
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned.
Tuesday morning, for the first time in four years, the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent. The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks, as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point.
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day. The key stock index closed down 425 points, or about 1.7 percent. The S&P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day.
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates. For instance, the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year mortgage rates.
Loading...
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets, both positive and negative.
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices, including oil, which puts upward pressure on inflation, says Brad McMillan, the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network.
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment, undermining stock prices, he says. "So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds," McMillan says.
But he says the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time.
"In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble. It's a sign of success," McMillan says. "I mean, this is exactly where we've wanted to get to since the [financial] crisis — back to a more normal environment."
Even with the 10-year note's move to the 3 percent level, interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion.
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher. But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation, which has remained below the central bank's target level. The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed's target.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JEFFERSON CITY, MO – The special committee investigating Gov. Eric Greitens met at the Capital again Tuesday, after expanding its probe to include the governor's ties to the charity he founded before running for office.
On Friday, Greitens was charged with felony computer tampering for allegedly using a donor list from the Mission Continues to raise money for his gubernatorial campaign.
The special committee met for about 90 minutes Tuesday. Once again, it was held behind closed doors and members of the press and public were not allowed to attend.
Members did not take questions after, only promising another report would be released soon on the Mission Continues matter.
Two St. Louis lawmakers said both chambers are rolling on with business and trying to limit distraction.
"The House has been very busy over the last week or so, last week we debated and passed a pretty substantial tax cut," said state Rep. Shamed Dogan, R-Ballwin. "This week we've been debating a whole bunch of different issues, everything from medical marijuana to transportation, to agriculture -- issues that really impact the whole state."
The bill to legalize medical marijuana for people with certain illnesses passed the House Tuesday night.
Lawmakers are also debating the tax code changes alongside proposals to increase the gas tax or vehicle registration fees to pay for the state's backlog of road improvements.
They are also working on the state budget, which must be passed in the next three weeks.
A House committee also debated Tuesday whether to hold the state's vote on a right-to-work referendum, known as "Prop A" In August or November.
"To be honest, we've actually passed quite a lot more this year already than we did last year. We seem to be just chugging along there as if nothing is going on," said Rep. Peter Meredith, D-St. Louis. "To be honest, I wish we would pause and deal with the problem that we need to deal with. But on the other hand, there are some good pieces of legislation happening that I think it's good that we're moving forward with."
Some lawmakers have called for Greitens to resign, while others have also called for impeachment proceedings to begin immediately. Others are in a camp of waiting until the regular session concludes on May 18th and allowing the special committee to work through the end of the regular session and into a special session if needed.
Dogan said that "wait and see" approach is better than immediate impeachment proceedings because it will maximize the legislature's productivity in the final weeks.
"If you're going to do something where you recommend discipline against the governor, whether that's a censure or impeachment, whatever that's going to look like you have to make sure that case is legally airtight and everyone is on board with what action needs to be taken," Dogan said.
The House committee is expected to hold its next hearing at 8 a.m. Wednesday. At 10 a.m. Thursday, a Cole County circuit judge will hold the first hearing on Greitens' temporary restraining order seeking to ban Attorney General Josh Hawley from further investigating the governor.
× Scripps spent nearly $400M on community benefits last year
SAN DIEGO — Scripps Health invested $398 million into community benefit programs in San Diego County during fiscal year 2017, the nonprofit health care company announced Wednesday.
The figure accounted for 14 percent of the company's total operating expenses, according to Scripps.
The vast majority of the money, $361.1 million, went to uncompensated care, which includes services that were under-reimbursed by Medicare and other government programs, as well as services for uninsured patients who didn't qualify for government assistance.
Scripps invested $29.4 million into health research, graduate medical education and professional education. Another $7.5 million went to community health services, including prevention and wellness programs.
“Giving back to the San Diego community is deeply rooted at Scripps Health, going all the way back to our founders Ellen Browning Scripps and Mother Mary Michael Cummings,” said Chris Van Gorder, president and CEO of Scripps Health. “I think both of them would be proud to see that their commitment to improving the health of San Diegans is being carried forth stronger than ever today.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Oliver will next charge of next month's FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United.
The 33-year-old will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, while Lee Mason will be the fourth official for the Wembley showpiece on May 19.
Oliver said: "I was very proud and humbled to receive the phone call.
"When you start out, taking charge of the Cup Final is not something you even think about. As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target but it's not a call you ever expect to take. This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.
"It's funny how things work out because the 1994 Final between Manchester United and Chelsea is the first one I remember watching. And now here I am taking charge of those two teams in an FA Cup Final 24 years later."
(Image: Reuters)
Neil Swarbrick will be on VAR duty, assisted by Mick McDonough - the first time video replays have been used in the showpiece event.
On Friday's broadcast of HBO's “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated Republicans are “treasonous rats” and are patriots of Russia.
Maher said, “[F]orget Groundhog Day, the only large, ratlike creature I'm concerned about is Devin Nunes. This guy — his memo got released today. Of course, it's not fair to single him out, all the Republicans these days are treasonous rats.”
He later added, “Republicans, they did not like what the FBI was finding out about Trump. So, like the true patriots they are, of Russia, they attacked the FBI and the Justice Department because they're biased. Yes, because they're in law enforcement, and the Trump crime family commits crimes. So, that's what they are supposed to do. It's like saying the exterminator is biased against the termites.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Janet was an appealing young woman in her 20s experiencing depression for the second time in her life. In a series of interviews, we identified a prior depression that she suffered in her teens.
The symptoms she described in adolescence sounded like classic symptoms of depression, such as decreased energy and indifference. We explored what was going on in her life at that time, as well as her overall childhood and family history.
But nothing about Janet's youth jumped out at us. She had never experienced any kind of trauma. Her parents were (are) good people, and they raised her well. There seemed to be no history of depression or mental illness in the family.
Her mother had noticed issues with Janet's drive and ambition, though, and repeatedly cautioned her to slow down. Janet was the oldest of several siblings. I wondered if she experienced the pressure that comes sometimes with being the firstborn child from whom parents expect a lot.
My patient's younger siblings did seem to look up to her, literally and figuratively. Janet had big ideas, and she was physically tall. I told her she was one of the few people I needed to look up at (or to) when standing next to her, since I am tall too.
Later I thought about the meaning of my spontaneous remark. Did Janet need to have that effect on her siblings and on other people somehow; in other words, to have them admire her? I thought this might be an important piece of information that I might be able to use to help her explore her personality and her depression.
She had been raised in a small rural town in the Northeast, attended college in Florida, and had moved to our big city. I thought small towns and big cities could serve as a kind of metaphor for Janet's depressions. As if feeling too small was followed by feeling big, a continual cycle of self-esteem deflation and expansion, almost like a bicycle tire losing air and then being pumped up again with big ideas so as to not feel flat and empty.
Janet had just come off a period of contraction, her life shrinking down. She had broken up with a partner and quit a company she had founded with a friend. There had been big plans for this company, but they didn't pan out.
She was working in the service industry when I met her. I thought she had found a way of taking time out from her ambition to succeed that often seemed to run aground in some way.
I saw issues with Janet's self-esteem, which required the presence of big ideas in order not to fall into depression. I felt therapy could help her in the areas of problems with self-esteem and depression, which I have studied for decades. Unfortunately, we had to stop meeting after only about three months due to practical considerations.
I often see people for longterm therapy for entrenched, enduring emotional issues, where we can take the time to sort out people's complex thoughts and emotions without feeling pressured or rushed. But Janet and I did not have the luxury of time, so we were unable to follow all the pieces of the puzzle.
She went off to find another therapist who took her insurance to continue her therapy. But even this brief therapy experience was very helpful to her.
Here is a direct quote from a note she sent me a couple of weeks after we stopped meeting;
“Well, Dr. Lagomasino, if this isn't one of the best investments I ever make in my life, I'll be pleasantly surprised to know what is. Seldom have I had such a rich relationship with such a consummate professional. The sessions we spent together and the discussions we engaged in helped me in more ways than I could have possibly imagined going in. There are too many layers of silver linings to put them down here; I'd simply like to say thanks for helping me to see them. For everything it took to get me into your office, I will only remember how positive the experience was. I wish more people in my position could meet more people like you.”
Mental health professionals do not often write about their work in publications such as this one. One of the most important parts of our work is client confidentiality. I have taken precautions to disguise Janet's true identity so no one who reads this recognizes who she is. But people in my field should get the message out that psychotherapy can often be extremely helpful to many people, as it clearly was to Janet.
Andrew Lagomasino, PsyD, ABPP is a psychologist and psychoanalyst in private practice in Miami. He is a graduate of Nova Southeastern University and spent about 10 years working as a staff psychologist on the Latino Team at Cambridge Health Alliance.
At CHA he studied and learned about psychodynamic therapy, including with low SES, immigrant, and chronically mentally ill populations. He began adult analytic training in Boston, then moved back to Miami in 2003 to be closer to his family. He tested children for the public school system and was trained in child analysis and psychodynamic child therapy.
He maintains an interest in cross-cultural psychotherapy, and has a private practice in Coral Gables where he sees children, adolescents, and adults for psychotherapy and psychological testing. He is active in his local analytic institute, Florida Psychoanalytic Center in Miami.
To learn more about his practice, please visit www.coralgablestherapy.com, or call him for a consultation at 305- 441-6655.
In the last two years, I have been helped twice by the Samaritans. The first time was when I had a number of personal, family and work issues piling up. I felt as though everything was getting on top of me, and that if I wasn't careful, I would end up feeling worse. As usual my family were a great support to me. But I just felt I wanted to reach out to another human being, unconnected with the situations, to share what I was going through.
I emailed [email protected] . Emailing seemed the best thing for me in that situation. I just wanted to share my issues with another human. – To know some other person was reading my thoughts. It was an insurance policy to an extent. I hoped, and my hope turned out to be fulfilled, that emailing “Jo” would help put a limit on my feelings of being somewhat overwhelmed by life at that time. Jo wrote back and was very sympathetic. Jo helped focus my thoughts. Jo read and understood what I was saying, and acted as a “shoulder to cry on”. A safety valve. Jo promised to be there if I needed to share more. Things gradually sorted themselves out. But it was good to know that I had “Jo” on the end of an email in case I needed more support – to let off steam, set out my thoughts, whatever…
More recently, I lost an important electronic item. Although I am not technical, I worked in the computer industry for 35 years so I am acutely aware of what can happen if you lose an electronic item. Perhaps too acutely aware! I just felt such a complete prat for losing the item, and the possibilities of what could happen ran through my head and scared me.
Again, I emailed Jo. Again they were very sympathetic and I realised that I was worrying too much. And indeed things settled down and there were no bad consequences.
I'm sharing this because it is hopefully a good way to encourage you, oh LDV reader, to contact the Samaritans if you need to.
You don't have to be at the end of your tether to contact the Samaritans, although they are there for you if you are at the end of your tether. You can also contact them if you are simply feeling lonely, a bit “down” or rather overwhelmed.
They are ready to listen 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. And there are several ways to contact a volunteer at the Samaritans. You can phone free of any charges on 116 123. You can text on 07725 909090. As I mentioned above you can email them on [email protected] . You can call in person to talk face to face with a volunteer. You can write to them via old fashioned “snail mail”. There's a Welsh language line – Llinell Gymraeg): 0808 164 0123 (7pm-11pm, 7 days a week / 7pm-11pm, 7 diwrnod yr wythnos). Callers who are deaf or who have hearing or speech impairments can contact them for support by text on 07725 909090 or email by using [email protected] or by using the Next Generation Text (NGT) service.
More details of contact methods are here on the Samaritans website.
There are also details here of what happens when you contact the Samaritans.
There's also some great stuff about people who have been helped by the Samaritans here.
The service is confidential, non-religious, and non-judgmental. The volunteer who responds to you will simply listen or read and help you focus your thoughts. They will not suggest things you could do or talk about themselves.
The photo above is of the Drogheda Samaritans premises by William Murphy on Flickr/CCL.
* Paul Walter is a Liberal Democrat activist. He is a councillor and one of the Liberal Democrat Voice team. He blogs at Liberal Burblings.
This weekend's foul weather didn't stop Salmon Arm from celebrating the nation's birthday.
Both of the community's major Canada Day events, the Children's Festival at the Salmon Arm Fairgrounds and the fireworks display at Canoe Beach, ran as planned despite heavy rains that began in the afternoon and continued into the night. Well, except for a 20-to-30-minute window during which the fireworks display occurred.
“It was just miraculous – a Canada Day gift,” said city Coun. Louise Wallace Richmond, who helped organize the evening event at Canoe Beach. “I can safely say that anyone who took the trouble to go, it was well worth their while, especially the young kids who were there, they had so much fun dancing and playing… It was a hearty crew and I think they had a great time.”
Wallace Richmond said approximately 400 people showed up for this year's fireworks display, as opposed to the roughly 4,000 who attended last year's event. In addition to the rain, she said the smaller turnout could also be the result of lower expectations, with last July 1 being Canada's 150th. However, the city had the same $10,000 fireworks budget this year and those who did show up were not let down.
“It was a little bit closer to the shore, so that's why it felt like you were in the fireworks as opposed to watching the fireworks which I thought was very impactful,” said Wallace Richmond. “I heard that while the crowd was smaller, the fireworks were actually better this year because of the change in the viewpoint.”
Related: In photos: Patriotic revellers enjoy explosions of colour
Wallace Richmond is now looking ahead to 2019, and is curious to know if there's interested in the community in moving fireworks to the B.C. Day long weekend in August.
“Do we want to think about spending that money on B.C. Day to spread the fireworks around? Do we want to keep having fireworks? I mean, these are all conversations we need to keep having,” said Wallace Richmond.
Despite the rain picking up in the latter half of the Children's Festival, the event went off by and large without a hitch. This could be attributed to the volunteers with the Salmon Arm Children's Festival society who co-ordinate the event and all those who volunteered their time to set it up, run it and take it down.
Related: Video and photos: Fun and games at Canada Day Children's Festival
The society's Kari Wilkinson also gives special thanks to those who came to the festival's rescue Sunday morning after several of their tents were destroyed overnight by wind and rain.
“Our call out on Facebook for some community help to rebuild, because basically we had to rebuild our whole games section, went over very well,” said Wilkinson. “At six in the morning we had about 20 people helping us to get things rebuilt, so that helped out huge.”
Despite the challenges behind the scenes, Wilkinson said the festival went over very well and the turnout was great.
“I would say… from opening until the time it rained, the numbers were comparable to previous years for sure,” said Wilkinson.
Related: In photos: Canada Day in Sicamous
Even with the rain, festival attendees could take shelter in the arena, or under the 20-by-20-foot tents set up this year near the main stage.
“That had a huge impact on the number of people watching our entertainment because there was actually shelter so we'll be doing that again for sure,” said Wilkinson.
Of course, there were kids present who didn't care about the rain, who continued to play the outdoor games or bounce around in the Orbit bumper balls, another new and popular festival addition.
Over the next couple of weeks the society will begin planning for next year's event. One consideration may be to add larger tents.
“If we want to go to bigger tents, which are a lot more costly, we would go to the community for support,” said Wilkinson. “But clearly the festival is loved by our families and our kids and we need to make sure that we've got things in place to make it happen.”
Wilkinson welcomes anyone who might wish to help organize next year's event.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Belgium boss Marc Wilmots has accused Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois of being a 'mole' in the national team dressing room.
Wilmots was sacked after his side's surprise loss to Wales in the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 and has since had a short stint in charge of the Ivory Coast national team.
He and Courtois had a well publicised spat during the tournament with the 25-year-old critical of his then manager's tactics.
Now, Wilmots has suggested there was a leak in the camp, appearing to blame the Chelsea keeper for leaking team news to journalists via his father Thierry.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
Speaking to BeIN Sports , Wilmots said: "I just have a problem when I make my selection at 6pm and at 6.15pm it is on all social networks.
"It means that a player has sold the selection. And that's serious. It came back to me from several French journalists that Courtois' father was doing it. It means that you do not respect your homeland.
(Image: Getty)
"I find it a shame, because I have to wait an hour before the match to have the opposition's selection. And that's terrible.
"The opponent is gaining time. He can prepare everything. He knows everything. And that's really dramatic. It never happened at the World Cup in Brazil."
(Image: Getty)
Thierry Courtois, however hit back at the ex-Belgium boss by suggesting he'd never do such a thing.
"I never in my life communicated a team composition to any journalist," he replied.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"Being a top player and also in a technical staff of a European level club, I know how delicate it is.
"My team-mates and players also knew it. We work together for a long time to get results, I hate leaks."
The current wait period for Indian skilled immigrants for green card can be as long as 70 years. Photo: AFP
Washington: Hundreds of Indian professionals held peaceful rallies across the US, demanding an end to the long and massive green card backlog by eliminating arbitrary per-country limit regulations. Indian-Americans, most of whom are highly skilled and come to the US mainly on H-1B work visas are the worst sufferers of the current immigration system which imposes a 7% per-country quota on allotment of green cards or permanent legal residency.
As a result, the current wait period for Indian skilled immigrants for green card can be as long as 70 years. The rallies, to urge lawmakers to support to end the per-country limit on legal permanent residency was held over the weekend in Arkansas, Kentucky and Oregon.
“As awareness builds on this topic among the American public and lawmakers, they are joining the chorus asking for reform to address the discriminatory green card backlogs impacting employment based green card applicants from India,” said Seattle-based GCReforms, a recently created organisation by Indian-Americans for this purpose.
“The attendees spoke in one voice and the message was clear – it is unfair to discriminate against applicants from one country due to arbitrary per-country limit regulations. These limits were put in place when Lyndon Johnson was president of America and before even the first handheld calculator was invented – they do not work in this era,” a media release said.
GCreforms expects to continue raising awareness in several other states in the coming weeks, and has been steadily gaining support from politicians, chieftains of business and the American public. In the House of Representatives, remove per-country limits has been the best biggest bi-Partisan support in the current congress via Kevin Yoder's bill HR 392.
Three in Four congress members supports this issue, yet the bill has not been brought to vote, GCReforms rued. “It is high time Congress, Senate and White House addresses the green card backlog impacting 300,000 high-skilled immigrants who have made significant contributions to the US economy,” GCReforms said. Many Americans joined ‘Break the Backlog Series' at Arkansas by GCReforms, ‘Green Card Backlog Round Table' discussions in Bentonville, Arkansas to know more about the employment based green card wait times.
Centerton Mayor Bill Edwards addresses the gathering and acknowledged the contributions of the Indian immigrant community. Over 300 people gathered to show support for Indian high-skilled immigrants who are stuck in the green card backlog during a campaign ‘Break the Backlog' event series on Saturday at Capital building in Frankfort, Kentucky by GCReforms.
This is the most important issue for the Indian diaspora in the US, as it impacts many physicians, engineers, teachers, nurses and medical professionals, according to a press release from GC Reforms. Many of these high-skilled immigrants who came to the Kentucky area for technology and other jobs are stuck in a potentially decades-long green card backlog.
The Nebraska event was addressed by Congressman Don Bacon. “Indians immensely contribute a lot to our Omaha community and our Nation, both culturally and by benefiting our economy through their hard work and efforts in education. Today they shared with me many of the shortcomings of our H-1B visa programme and the impact on their families and local employers. I look forward to being a strong voice in tackling these problems,” he said.
Over 200 residents came together to raise awareness about the issue faced by high-skilled Indian immigrants and their families in Hillsboro, Oregon this Sunday at the event Break the Backlog event series by GCReforms. Commissioner Malinowski, Indian community leaders Jaisen Mody, who is a General Manager at PGE, W Krishnamurthy spoke at the event on the need for fairness for all immigrants irrespective of where they came from.
According to Senate Republican Policy Committee, every year the US on an average allocates some 50,000 green cards through lottery for people from countries who do not get an opportunity to come to the US through the merit-based employment visas. PTI
NEW YORK: A Bangladeshi national planned terror attack which took place near Times Square on Monday.
The explosion happened around 7:20 am, in an underground tunnel linking the Port Authority Bus Terminal to Times Square. The underground tunnel is a major thoroughfare for workers during the morning rush hour.
The attacker has been identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, who was carrying a suspected pipe bomb that malfunctioned and exploded prematurely, leaving him and three others injured.
CNN quoted Police Commissioner James O'Neil as saying that "the suspect's name is Akayed Ullah, who is 27 years old. He suffered burns and other wounds and is currently in the hospital. Preliminary investigation at the scene indicates that this male was wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body. He intentionally detonated that device. "
The authorities have termed the incident as a planned terror attack.
The police have confirmed that apart from the suspect, three other people have suffered non- life-threatening injuries. The residents have also been advised to avoid the area.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack, "CNN quoted New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio as saying.
The CNN quoted New York Governor Andrew Cuomo as saying that the suspect had an "effectively low-tech device" on him this morning at Port Authority.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the explosion in New York City, said White House press secretary Sarah Sanders.
Mayor Bill de Blasio said there are "no credible and specific threats against New York at this time" but added that there will be an increased police presence across New York today.
An eyewitness Francisco Ramirez told CNN that he heard two explosions as he was exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET, even though he was wearing headphones.
"From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing," he said. "It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere. It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries," Ramirez told CNN.
Earlier, the New York Police Department had confirmed the news of explosion on Twitter.
"The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available," it tweeted.
The incident happened just days after President Trump sparked demonstrations across the world by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital city
It is notable that one of the largest demonstrations took place in Muslim-majority Bangladesh.
Singer Bruno Mars will donate $1 million to the city of Flint, Michigan.
The Grammy-award-winning singer says he wants to help out with the water crisis that is plaguing the city. On Saturday night, Mars announced to the Auburn Hills concert audience that he would be donating.
In a statement, Mars wrote:
“Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
People reports that Mars and Live Nation will redirect funds from the 24K Magic Tour Detroit show to The Community Foundation of Greater Flint. The people of Flint are still fighting for justice, as the city has warned residents that they could lose their homes if they don't pay outstanding water bills, even though lead-contaminated pipes that spurred the water crisis have only relatively recently begun to be replaced.
Source: People
‘Best Start Possible:' Little Miss Flint Hands Out School Supplies
Flint Residents Can Sue Michigan For Contaminated Water Crisis
Michigan Racks Up $14 Million In Legal Fees Over Flint Water Crisis
P.B. Balaji replaces Tata Motors group CFO C. Ramakrishnan, who retires at the end of his term on 30 September. Photo: Aniruddha
New Delhi: Tata Motors Ltd on Monday announced the appointment of P.B. Balaji as its group chief financial officer (CFO). The announcement came on the same day as he resigned as chief financial officer of Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL).
Balaji, whose mandate includes driving financial performance and bring greater rigour to operations and investment decisions across different entities, will take charge from November, Tata Motors said in a statement.
He will replace C. Ramakrishnan, who retires at the end of his term on 30 September. Ramakrishnan was elevated as Tata Motors group CFO in July 2015.
A global finance professional, Balaji started his career with Unilever in 1995 and worked in different corporate finance roles across Asia, Switzerland, the UK and India. Since 2014, he has been heading the finance function as the chief financial officer of HUL. Prior to that, he was the chief accountant of the Unilever Group in London.
“Balaji's deep knowledge in all areas across finance and his global experience will be very valuable for the Tata Motors Group. He will be a great addition to the management team,” Tata Motors chairman N. Chandrasekaran said.
Tata Motors chief executive officer and managing director Guenter Butschek said Balaji will play a very important role in the company's transformation journey. The appointment would help in the company's renewed focus on topline, market share growth, major cost reduction initiatives and efficiency improvements to deliver better financial performance and profitability in the future, he added.
Balaji is a graduate of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Chennai and has a post-graduate management degree from Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street has seen some criminal masterminds over the years, but Michelle Connor will certainly not go down as one of them.
In tonight's episode, Michelle devised a clever scheme to sort out Robert Preston's financial problems, but things didn't go according to plan.
While Kate Connor and Rana Nazir enjoyed a secret rendezvous at the Bistro, they were interrupted by a robber - who turned out to be Michelle.
Kate hit the intruder over the head with a bottle, but Corrie viewers were left in hysterics as Michelle appeared to have come dressed as a 'ninja'.
Coronation Street spoilers: Chesney gets down on one knee, but how will Sinead react?
Michelle's plan was first put into place when she covered the card machine in ice and deliberately broke it, so that the till would be full of cash.
She then turned up later, looking like she had raided a fancy dress box, but saw Kate and Rana locked in a passionate embrace.
Kate, who was unaware her cousin was the thief, sent Michelle flying to the floor with a nasty blow to the head.
(Image: itvcorrie/Twitter)
(Image: itvcorrie/Twitter)
Robert arrived at The Bistro and realised it was Michelle who had tried to steal from his business to gte him out of debt.
That wasn't the end of the drama, as the police called round at the Nazir's and confronted Zeedan over the robbery.
The chef claimed he was working in his food delivery van all night, but has no one to back up his story.
(Image: itvcorrie/Twitter)
(Image: itvcorrie/Twitter)
However, there was a shock when Rana claimed she was with him in order to grant him an alibi.
Michelle discovered that Kate knew it was her, but threatened to reveal her relationship with Rana if she went to the police.
Corrie fans took to Twitter after seeing Michelle's odd outfit chocie.
"Did Michelle raid Will's dressing up box for the Bistro ninja outfit? #Corrie," said one viewer.
Another added: "P***ing myself as Ninja Michelle gets crowned."
"Michelle isn't a very good ninja... #corrie," said a third.
* Coronation Street airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage student who was found lying unconscious 500 metres from her home says she 'has no idea what happened' during her attack .
Kym Owens, 18, has absolutely no memory of the night she was brutally assaulted, Dublin Live reports.
The university student sustained horrific injuries to her face and head just minutes after she got off a bus to walk to her digs in Maynooth, County Kildare, last November.
Kym had just got off a bus from her home town of Castleblayney in County Monaghan.
The brave teenager suffered two broken eye sockets, a fractured jaw, a broken nose, and also lost several teeth during the horrific incident.
The local police have identified roughly 300 people as part of their investigation - but no arrests have been made in relation to the case yet.
(Photo: Facebook)
And now Kym's father Ray has revealed that his daughter has no idea what happened to her on the night of her attack - but added that she's "up and about."
Speaking to The Herald, Ray Owens said: "Kym is making a good recovery but is still facing more surgery.
"She is not back at college yet but is up and about. She still doesn't remember anything of the incident.
"We are hoping she'll make as full a recovery as possible."
Police, who initially believed the injuries were consistent with an assault, still do not know exactly what happened to Kym.
(Photo: Irish Mirror)
Speaking earlier this year, the teen's heartbroken uncle Thomas McNee said her ordeal had "turned the family's lives upside down."
He said: "She's a fun and bubbly person who loved her sport. She played football here and she went to school here in Castleblayney.
"And obviously she had just started college life in Maynooth...she was settling in nicely to college and getting on with her studies."
"I was at home in bed and the phone went...It was early days then there were a few reports that she had been assaulted."
Kym was treated at Connolly Hospital in Dublin's Blanchardstown following the incident on November 20.
Last month Kym let everyone know she was okay by returning to social media for the first time.
The popular student's picture of her and a pal got hundreds of likes with friends wishing her well.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Trump, Netanyahu Expected To Talk About Middle East Conflicts
Audio will be available later today.
President Trump meets Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. They're expected to talk about Iran, ISIS and the long-simmering conflict between Israel and the Palestinians.
© Hamburg Tourismus
© ITV
© REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy.
HIGHLIGHTS Quincy Enunwa says locker room discord affected their play
But Todd Bowles downplays personality clashes
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — Locker room bickering and lingering resentment derailed what the Jets had hoped would be a special season.
Instead of preparing for a playoff run, Todd Bowles' players were busy stuffing their belongings into black garbage bags on Monday morning and lamenting their missed opportunities and maturity issues.
The infighting began as early as Week 3, when a blowout loss in Kansas City featured six Ryan Fitzpatrick interceptions, sideline squabbling and a locker room blowup between Brandon Marshall and Sheldon Richardson. But the tension between the Jets stars never subsided and it helped to erode a tenuous locker room dynamic.
“It didn't help us,” young receiver Quincy Enunwa said of the locker room discord. “When you look at our record, it really hindered our play.”
If there's a silver lining to be found in the Jets' 5-11 record, it is this, Enunwa said. The locker room “can be fixed and we know what we need to do. Hindsight is 20/20. Looking at it now, we know, coach Bowles knows. It's going to be a lot of changes, and, I think, it's going to be for the better.”
Those changes will likely include a staff shake-up and plenty of roster moves — Richardson and Marshall could be gone after this offseason. Their ongoing issues became public fodder as the losses piled up. “In retrospect, I could work on my timing,” said Marshall, 32, whose leadership style annoyed some teammates, “but I'm totally fine with my approach this year . . . My only motive is to win ballgames.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I'm tired of going home right after the season,” added the receiver, who hasn't made the playoffs in 11 seasons. “I'm tired of watching the playoffs on my couch. It's just a frustrating year. It's been a frustrating career.”
Bowles downplayed the personality clashes, adding that his 1987 Redskins team argued every day, even after wins, and still won a Super Bowl. But his Jets weren't able to rise above the friction.
Enunwa admitted he “got really frustrated” as the season progressed and even stopped practicing on the JUGS machine and working on his footwork after practice. “It can be [hard to remain focused],” he said. “A big reason for that is when you see bad things going on, you kind of feel like, ‘Wow.' You almost lose your purpose, I think. You go into the season and you don't want to play for self, you want to play for team. But when the team doesn't feel like a team, then you've got to start playing for self. And you've got to realize what are you doing this for? What's your purpose? And you've got to play better. And I've got to make sure, regardless of what's going on, that I'm always doing what I can to help the team.”
Jets videos
Injuries only exacerbated things. Eric Decker's shoulder injury in that pivotal Chiefs game led to his placement on injured reserve. Seventeen more players would follow, including key offensive players Ryan Clady, Nick Mangold, Brian Winters and Matt Forte. And while the Jets were dealing with constant roster flux, players kept waiting for that “spark” to jump-start a winning streak.
“I was just telling myself, we did it last year, we'll come back, we'll jump out of this lull that we're in,” said outside linebacker Lorenzo Mauldin, who missed the final five games because of a high ankle sprain and a partially torn ligament in his ankle. “After a while it was just . . . we don't have that same spark that we did last [season].”
The Jets finished 10-6 in 2015, winning five in a row before their playoff hopes were dashed by a Week 17 defeat in Buffalo. Failing to clinch a postseason berth stung, they said after last season, but they expressed optimism about their future under Bowles. But a year later, players were forced to answer for their shortcomings, collectively and as individuals. “We didn't fight like we did last year,” Mauldin said. “Everything just fell apart. We gave it our all, but it just wasn't enough.”
“For everybody in this locker room, losing takes its toll,” said quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick, who is not expected to be re-signed after throwing 17 interceptions and 12 touchdowns.
Richardson and Muhammad Wilkerson's benching for lateness, Richardson's Snapchat incident, the ongoing feud between him and Marshall and the constant questioning of teammates' effort only highlighted the fissures in the Jets' chemistry. But the fault for their wayward season rests primarily on the players, Enunwa said, not the coach.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I applauded coach Bowles' effort,” he said. “He did what he was supposed to do, what we needed to do, but we also have to be able to police the locker room.”
ROCKSPRINGS, Ohio — A late site switch for the Meigs High School softball squad didn't deter the Lady Marauders one bit on Monday.
That's because Meigs, in erupting for nine runs against visiting River Valley, rolled the Lady Raiders 15-0 in a Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division tilt at Meigs High School's Dreams Field.
The division-leading Lady Marauders mustered a pair of runs in the opening inning — followed by a single counter in the second, prior to the nine-run outburst in the third.
Meigs managed three more markers in the fourth, as the contest was called following the fifth inning with the 10-run mercy rule.
The Marauders amassed 15 runs on 16 hits, and raised their TVC-Ohio record to 5-0 — part of 9-2 overall.
River Valley, meanwhile, suffered its third consecutive setback and second straight shutout — falling to 3-8 and 2-3 in the league.
Monday's matchup was originally scheduled to be played at River Valley, but rain and wet grounds caused by Monday morning's rainfall forced the site switch to Meigs.
No problem, though, for the Lady Marauders.
Of Meigs' 16 hits and 15 runs, all but three hits and one run came off River Valley starting pitcher Arika Barr.
The Maroon and Gold got its pair of opening-inning runs on a single by Taylor Swartz, a walk to Peyton Rowe, a sacrifice bunt by Danielle Morris and a triple by Alliyah Pullins.
Morris plated Swartz and Pullins drove in Rowe.
In the second, Meigs made it 3-0 on a leadoff single by Morgan Lodwick — and back-to-back sacrifice bunts by Hannah Tackett and Shalynn Mitchell.
Mitchell's bunt crossed Lodwick, as the Marauders were off and running before the nine-run explosion in the third.
The highlight of the inning was a three-run home run by Swartz.
Swartz, Rowe and Devyn Oliver amounted three hits apiece, as Rowe recorded a third-inning double.
Morris and Pullins posted two hits, followed by one apiece from Lodwick, Tackett and Bre Colburn.
Lodwick walked twice — and scored three runs along with Rowe.
The run support was more than enough for Meigs pitcher Maddison Woodyard, who worked the opening four innings and allowed only two hits and two walks while hitting two Raiders.
She struck out three in gaining the pitching victory, retiring the side 1-2-3 in the second stanza — before facing four Raiders apiece in innings three and four.
Breanna Zirkle pitched the fifth inning for the Marauders, giving up a leadoff single to Skylar Jones before collecting a pair of strikeouts.
Jones was caught stealing for the second out, as Cierra Roberts in the third and Barr in the fourth were the only hits allowed by Lodwick.
River Valley did threaten in its opening at-bat — when Baylee Hollanbaugh led off with a walk and Chloe Gee was hit by a pitch to put runners on second and third.
Hollanbaugh was hit by a pitch in the third, before Sydney Little walked in the fourth.
The Lady Marauders return home, and return to TVC-Ohio Division action, today (Wednesday, April 19) against Alexander.
Paul Boggs can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106
Meigs second baseman Morgan Lodwick makes the tag attempt on River Valley's Arika Barr (31) during Monday's Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division softball game at Meigs High School's Dreams Field. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-MHS-Lodwick-1.jpg Meigs second baseman Morgan Lodwick makes the tag attempt on River Valley's Arika Barr (31) during Monday's Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division softball game at Meigs High School's Dreams Field. Paul Boggs/OVP Sports
NEW YORK (AP) — Bruno Mars said Saturday he is donating $1 million from his Michigan concert to aid those affected by the Flint water crisis.
The Grammy-winning star told the audience at his show in Auburn Hills, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from Detroit, that he and tour promoter Live Nation are redirecting funds from the show to the charity The Community Foundation of Greater Flint.
In 2014, Flint switched water sources and failed to add corrosion-reducing phosphates, allowing lead from old pipes to leach into the water. Elevated levels of lead, a neurotoxin, were detected in children, and 12 people died in a Legionnaires' disease outbreak that experts suspect was linked to the improperly treated water.
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said in a statement. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster.”
Mars, who was born and raised in Hawaii, performed at the Palace of Auburn Hills during his sold-out 24K Magic World Tour. His latest album, “24K Magic,” recently achieved double platinum status.
____
Online:
http://www.brunomars.com/
https://www.cfgf.org/cfgf/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has aimed another dig at Chelsea's recruitment policy by complaining his new signings are not fit to go straight into action.
The Blues boss gave Ross Barkley his first start of the season in the defeat to Bournemouth and subbed him after 54 difficult minutes.
And Conte said Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri are not ready to start in Monday night's game at Watford.
“We have to wait,” he said. “Especially for Palmieri, we are talking about a player who is coming back from a bad injury. He has played only one game, in the Italian Cup against Torino.
"Olivier is coming back from a muscular injury and was out for 50 days before playing 15 minutes against Swansea.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: REUTERS)
“We are starting to work with him and we have to check his physical condition. For sure, it won't be easy to see him in the starting 11 on Monday.”
Chelsea could be out of the top four by the time they kick off at Vicarage Road and another defeat would increase the pressure on Conte's position. But the former Juventus and Italy coach said:
“The speculation doesn't affect me. This season, the situation has always been the same, with a lot of pressure around me. And I don't understand why always around me. But maybe it is because this is Chelsea.
"This is the only answer I'm having. But the pressure is normal. In the past, for me the pressure is life. If I stay without pressure, I don't like it. I don't like it. I like to have the pressure.
(Image: REUTERS)
"I like this type of situation. If I see there is no pressure, it's no good for me or the players. When the situation is too calm, you risk being relaxed and to lose the anger, the fire. I like to live with this pressure.”
The Chelsea boss was named among the candidates for the vacant Italy job yesterday and Alessandro Costacurta wants to start an interviewing process.
But Conte, who led Italy to Euro 2016, said: “Costacurta is a friend - we played together with the national team in 1994. But, maybe he forgot that I still have 18 months of contract with Chelsea.
"My intention, my will, my desire is to respect this contract. Do I have plans to speak with him? No.”
Alvaro Morata and Thomas Christensen will both be out on Monday but Willian should return while David Luiz has returned to full training.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, Mo. – “All of the sudden, I get this emergency broadcast system message coming over saying I had a virus on my machine, saying I needed to shut it down and call this number right away,” said Sherry Thomas.
Thomas made that call and before long, she'd given away control of her computer. The person on the other line said they fixed the problem and Sherry paid $180.
“Couple of weeks later, I get a call from this gentleman,” Thomas said.
The caller had an elaborate story and access to Sherry's bank account. He told her he'd accidentally placed too much money in her account and wanted her to send the difference back on iTunes gift cards. She got suspicious and caught on right in the nick of time.
“I'm not sending you anything. If you call me again I've already got you investigated. If you call me again, I'm calling the police,” Thomas said.
Sherry is one of the tens of thousands of people targeted by computer technical support scammers every year. Steven Baker, International Investigations Specialist for the Better Business Bureau, said there's a clear network of people in the United States helping overseas scammers carry out their attacks.
“A study found 85 percent of all these calls are actually coming from India. About 10 percent are in Florida, some of them are calling from Costa Rica,” Baker said.
Scott Verseman, Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, was part of a team that investigated a scam network based out of Boynton Beach, Florida
“Our investigation found there were over 40,000 victims nationwide, Canada, and parts of the Caribbean as well. Fifty-seven of those victims were located here in southern Illinois,” he said.
Verseman said over three years, scammers accumulated $25 million from their victims. Fourteen of the people involved were charged. Seven pleaded guilty so far.
“We can't begin the process of identifying these frauds, of investigating them, or ultimately prosecuting somebody if victims don't come forward and make it known,” he said.
That message from US Attorney Don Boyce is one Sherry Thomas took to heart.
“I'm sure I'm not the first one. Definitely won't be the last, but I think it's important people know because they were so good,” she said.
• Research tech support companies before you decide to do business with them. Go to bbb.org to search for BBB Business Profiles or contact the St. Louis BBB by calling 888-996-3887.
• Double-check all the details. If you're directed to an official company website, make sure that it's the real company's site by double-checking the spelling of the company's name in the website address. Anything that comes from “Micorsoft,” for example, is a scam.
• If a caller claims to work for a reputable company, ask them to tell you their name or their employee ID, and in which department they work. Then look up and call that company's official customer service line and ask to be directed to that employee. Do not use a phone number provided to you by the caller.
• If your computer has been compromised, don't panic. You may still be able to get your machine fixed. Scammers are relying on you to make hasty decisions, you'll be better able to avoid their traps if you slow down and don't rush.
• Make sure you you're using a quality, up-to-date antivirus software. Make sure you are running the latest version of the software.
• Change your passwords. First change the password to any account or machine the scammer has or could access. Then change the passwords on any account that you were logged in to on your machine, as well as any accounts for which you use the same or very similar login credentials.
• Call your credit card company. If you made a payment by using your credit card, the company will help you to appeal any unauthorized charges and to get a new card.
• Victims can report the tech support scam to BBB's ScamTracker.
OTTAWA — The national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September. Statistics Canada also released seasonally adjusted, three-month moving average unemployment rates for major cities. It cautions, however, that the figures may fluctuate widely because they are based on small statistical samples. Here are the jobless rates last month by city (previous month in brackets):
— St. John's, N.L. 8.9 per cent (8.4)
— Halifax 7.2 (7.1)
— Moncton, N.B. 5.6 (5.1)
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A little girl spent six years in agony after doctors failed to spot the signs that her brain was being pulled out of her skull and into her spine.
Alice Cooper, seven, was in so much pain she cried herself to sleep at night - just sneezing and coughing was excruciating for her.
Mum Emma begged doctors to give Alice a scan, after suspecting something was wrong with her neck when she was just eight weeks old.
But despite repeated trips to her GP over the next six years, she was continually told Alice's pain was muscular and to give her Ibuprofen or “rub baby oil on it”.
Mrs Cooper, from Blackburn, Aberdeenshire, claims she was told by one doctor it was “irresponsible parenting to push for an MRI [scan] when there is absolutely nothing wrong with your daughter”.
But just four days after a scan was finally done last summer, the 41-year-old was told Alice needed major brain surgery within six months - or she would lose the use of her arms and legs.
Now, just nine months after surgeons removed part of her skull and detached the bottom part of her brain from the spinal cord in a risky operation, Alice, is enjoying life pain-free.
The plucky youngster, who needed 108 stitches, was so happy she even asked, “does the Tooth-fairy come for the bones?”.
Mrs Cooper is now sharing her story in an effort to raise awareness of Alice's condition, Ciari 1 malformation, to help doctors and families recognise the signs of the rare anomaly.
“When I think about what she went through for so long it makes me really angry,” she said.
“It's so rare it's not the sort of thing a GP would know to look for. But it was just one fob off after another. They never really looked into it. I was at the doctors every four to six months.
“She was my fourth baby so I noticed straight away something was not right with her neck.
“She cried herself to sleep most nights but then when we'd get to the doctors she'd seem fine. If she coughed or sneezed she'd be in agony. But they just kept saying it's muscular.”
By the time Alice had her surgery last September, more than an inch of her brain was outside her skull.
Mrs Cooper said the condition caused the lower part of the cerebellum, the part of the brain which controls balance, to attach itself to the spinal cord too early.
This meant that as she grew the brain was pulled out of the skull and into the top of the spinal canal.
Mrs Cooper said: “Most people with Ciari are diagnosed with a herniation of between three and seven millimeters, and that can cause severe pain, but Alice's was 26.3mm.
“Four days after her MRI, I got a call saying it was so severe that if she didn't have the operation within six months she would lose the use of her legs and arms and it would be irreversible.”
Alice was in so much pain she often had to stop what she was doing and lie flat on the ground until the pain in her neck eased.
Mrs Cooper said: “She could be riding her bike and then just get off it and lie down on the ground.
"It was only for a few seconds and then she'd get up and be off again. Like all children do so well, she found her own coping strategies. But it was really hard to watch.”
In the end, the family had to switch GP practices to finally get answers - and when Alice was told she would be getting an operation she was so excited she burst into tears of joy.
Mrs Cooper said: “When I told her, she was so happy. She was buzzing. And for a six-year-old to be that excited to get an operation, and not be scared, it showed just how bad it must have been for her, and that's when it really hit us [what she was going through].”
But the surgery only had a 40% success rate, and with so many risks, including paralysis and stroke, Mrs Cooper and husband PJ, 34, decided to splash out £25,000 from their savings and treat the youngster to a six-week holiday of a lifetime to America.
Mrs Cooper, who is also mum to Aliscia, 19, Anya, 17, and Amber, eight, said: “We had a brilliant holiday to Florida and when we were in Disneyland she picked a new Lilo and Stitch school bag.
"I didn't think anything of it, but when we got back, she said, ‘Stitch and stitch - we're both going to be the same'.
“She couldn't wait to have it done.”
Alice was not even phased when her curly, waist-length hair had to be cut short and shaved up the back of her head in preparation for the procedure.
She also took it in her stride when she had a metal bolt and wires attached to her head for 24 hours to test the flow of fluid around the brain to make sure it was safe for her to have the surgery.
Surgeons then removed a 2.2cm sq piece of Alice's skull, as well as one of her vertebrae in her spine.
They also had to “laser off” the cerebellar tonsils, the lower part of the cerebellum, from the spinal cord to alleviate pressure.
Mrs Cooper said: “Whenever she swallowed or gulped it was putting strain on the muscles between the spinal cord and the brain.
"As a child, she just learnt how to drink and swallow. But as her mum I noticed she was doing something that was not normal.”
The brain decompression surgery was expected to take four hours, but Alice was in theatre for seven hours as surgeons battled to correct the defect.
And remarkably, just four hours later, Alice was doing press-ups on her hospital bed and telling her mum the pain was “much better than having a sore neck”.
Mrs Cooper said: “The nurse said, ‘I don't think you should be doing that in case you burst a stitch.
“She's just amazing. Because it was brain surgery we knew all the risks and didn't even know if we'd get her home.”
Her parents know that there is a chance that Alice may need future surgery if the cerebellar tonsils re-attach to the spinal cord.
But the family is hopeful that it is a one-off and, after a four-month recovery, Alice is enjoying being back at school.
Having had part of her skull removed, however, she is aware that her brain is not as protected as her peers.
She has had to stop playing football and her friends know to hug her under her arms and not around her neck.
But she refuses to let it get in the way of her childhood. She still enjoys riding her bike and climbing trees, and she has recently started horse riding with Riding for the Disabled, where someone walks either side of her ready to catch her if she falls.
Mrs Cooper said: “She used to love playing football and contact sports but it would be like putting someone with a broken spine in a boxing ring. Her neck couldn't handle whiplash like you or me.
“If we were at a funfair and there were 20 kids on a trampoline, I couldn't let her go on.
“We don't want to wrap her up in cotton wool. But if she was to fall a certain way and something made contact with that part of her head it would paralyse her completely because she's not got the same protection.”
Mrs Cooper was told that if the operation been done four years earlier it would have been less invasive.
But she heaped praise on the medical staff who cared for her daughter in hospitals in Aberdeen and Glasgow.
She was even given the surgeon's direct phone number so she could contact him with any concerns.
“We are so lucky we have the NHS,” she said. “After she was diagnosed everyone was fantastic. They even flew a specialist up [to Aberdeen] from Manchester who went through everything with us.
“I've been on support groups and there are people in America who can't get the operation because it costs thousands of pounds.
“But there's not enough research and surgeons are still learning about the disorder,” she added.
Alice still gets scans every six months to check her progress.
But Mrs Cooper said: “She is so determined, the way she has come through it all. We are completely blessed. It could have been a lot worse.”
This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
Kochi: A court here on Tuesday convicted a migrant labourer from Assam for rape and murder of a 30-year-old Dalit law student in Kerala last year.
Ernakulam Principal Sessions Court judge N Anil Kumar, who passed the order, will now pronounce the quantum of punishment for the convict tomorrow.
Muhammed Ameerul Islam – the migrant labourer from Asam - was found guilty under various sections of the IPC including 302 (murder), 376 (Rape) 376 (A) (causing death or causes the woman to be in a persistent vegetative state while committing rape).
The accused, however, was not found guilty under 201 (causing the disappearance of evidence of offence) and various sections under SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) amendment Act 2015.
The Court had on December 6 completed the hearing in the case and posted it for today for pronouncement of judgement.
Islam, the lone accused in the case, was charged with brutally raping and murdering the woman, a law student, at nearby Perumbavoor on April 28, 2016.
He was booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Rules.
As many as 100 witnesses were examined during the trial which commenced in April last.
The prosecution has described it as a ''rarest of rare case''.
During the course of an investigation, the victim's mother had expressed hope that justice will be delivered in the case.
She, however, demanded a capital punishment for the accused.
The woman, who hailed from a poor family, was brutally assaulted using sharp-edged weapons before being murdered at her house.
Islam, who had left Perumbavoor soon after committing the crime, was arrested from Kancheepuram in neighbouring Tamil Nadu, 50 days after the gruesome incident.
The incident was in focus during the state assembly polls campaign last year with political parties attacking the then Congress-led UDF regime for 'tardy' progress in the probe and 'failure' to nab culprits.
The LDF government, after assuming power on May 25 last year, changed the investigation team and entrusted the probe to ADGP B Sandhya in its first cabinet meeting itself.
More than 100 police personnel had questioned over 1,500 people.
Fingerprints of over 5,000 people were also examined by the SIT personnel who went through over 20 lakh telephonic conversations before reaching Islam.
Police have said a blood-stained footwear found from a canal near the victim's house was one of the key evidence in identifying the culprit.
(With PTI inputs)
La Jolla, Calif., December 11, 2017 - Researchers at Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery (SBP) and the Technion in Israel have found a new role for the SHARPIN protein. In addition to being one of three proteins in the linear ubiquitin chain assembly complex (LUBAC), regulating NFκB and other inflammatory molecules, SHARPIN modulates PRMT5, an epigenetic master switch that controls several proteins linked to melanoma. The research was published in The Journal of Clinical Investigation.
"More studies are showing how important PRMT5 is in cancer, and our research highlights another layer of regulation of this very important enzyme," says Ze'ev Ronai, Ph.D., professor in the Tumor Initiation and Maintenance Program at SBP's NCI-designated Cancer Center and senior author on the paper. "This shows the complexity of PRMT5 regulation and points to a new direction in targeting PRMT5."
SHARPIN, is best known for its role in LUBAC, which plays a direct role in inflammatory signaling. However, SHARPIN has a second life, regulating PRMT5, which methylates individual genes and the histones that package DNA, controlling a wide range of gene expression. PRMT5 has been linked to prostate, breast, lung and other cancers.
Using human melanoma cell lines, the researchers found that SHARPIN (but not fellow LUBAC proteins HOIP and HOIL-1L) increases PRMT5 activity, which boosts transcription factors SOX10, PAX3 and MITF, all of which contribute to melanoma growth.
The researchers believe SHARPIN fine-tunes PRMT5, affecting how the enzyme methylates certain proteins, but not histones.
"SHARPIN actually dictates PRMT5 activity in a way we didn't expect," says Ronai. "It serves as a navigator, showing PRMT5 where to go and thus which proteins to methylate."
SHARPIN becomes especially important in tumors that have lost proteins CDKN2A and MTAP, which are co-deleted in around 15 percent of all cancers. When MTAP is deleted, PRMT5 activity is reduced. However, in those cases SHARPIN acts as a counterbalance, boosting PRMT5. Epidemiological data show that patients whose tumors lack MTAP, and have elevated levels of SHARPIN, have poorer prognosis.
"Inhibiting SHARPIN in these tumor cells makes them much more susceptible to death," says Hyungsoo Kim,P.D., who co-led the study.
Pharmaceutical companies have been racing to develop anti-PRMT5 drugs, but these findings underscore the complexity of the pathway. It's quite possible that PRMT5 inhibitors and SHARPIN could end up in a tug of war, and SHARPIN inhibitors may be necessary to boost overall effectiveness.
"We may need to consider a possible combination of therapies," adds Ronai. "PRMT5 inhibition by itself may not be sufficient, and we may thus want to consider combination therapies to achieve more complete inhibition."
###
Co-authors of this collaborative study which spans the Technion in Israel and Shantou University in China include: Hironari Tamiya, Hyungsoo Kim, Heejung Kim, Yongmei Feng, Ji Yun Han, Ayako Murao, Scott J. Snipas, SBP; Oleksiy Klymenko, Technion Israel Institute of Technology; Tongwu Zhang, Kevin Brown, National Cancer Institute; Lucia Jilaveanu, Harriet Kluger, Yale University; Hao Zhang, Shantou University Medical College; and Kazuhiro Iwai, Kyoto University.
This study funded, in part, by NCI grants R21CA198468 and R35CA197465, and the Shantou University-Technion Reseach Program.
About SBP
Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP) is an independent nonprofit medical research organization that conducts world-class, collaborative, biological research and translates its discoveries for the benefit of patients. SBP focuses its research on cancer, immunity, neurodegeneration, metabolic disorders and rare children's diseases. The Institute invests in talent, technology and partnerships to accelerate the translation of laboratory discoveries that will have the greatest impact on patients. Recognized for its world-class NCI-designated Cancer Center and the Conrad Prebys Center for Chemical Genomics, SBP employs about 1,100 scientists and staff in San Diego (La Jolla), Calif., and Orlando (Lake Nona), Fla. For more information, visit us at SBPdiscovery.org or on Facebook at facebook.com/SBPdiscovery and on Twitter @SBPdiscovery.
President Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Related Coverage Identity theft protection with IKOR
NORWALK, Conn. (WTNH) – Some landscapers around the Norwalk area are being victims of fraud.
The Norwalk Detective Bureau is investigating a fraud that is targeting area landscapers.
Police say the suspect contacts a landscape company and requests services. The suspect agrees to pay for services but also asks if the landscapers can pay additional money.
The suspect requests that the landscaper pay the additional funds to a subcontractor such as a plumber or an electrician who will be doing work at the location. Ultimately, the landscaper pays the alleged subcontractor but then discovers the check or credit card are fraudulent. The landscaper loses his money and never gets paid for the services rendered.
Related Content: Identity theft protection with IKOR
Typically, the suspects have chosen houses that are for sale as the locations for the landscaping. This type of fraud has been attempted on multiple landscaping companies recently.
Norwalk Police would like to warn all to be aware and to meet with their customers face to face prior to starting work and to not accept work by text message only. Anyone with any information is asked to contact a detective at 203-854-3011. Anonymous tips can be left at any of the following contacts:
Norwalk Police Tip Line at 203-854-3111. Anonymous Internet tips can be sent to Norwalk Police website at www.norwalkpd.com. Anonymous text tips can be submitted by typing “NPD” into the text field, followed by the message, and sending it to CRIMES (274637).
Monnet Ispat is part of the first lot of 12 large non-performing loans referred by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for early resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) last year. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Mumbai: Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd has asked the dedicated bankruptcy court conducting insolvency proceedings against Monnet Ispat and Energy Ltd to include it in the list of “assenting” lenders in favour of the resolution plan submitted offered jointly by JSW Steel Ltd and AION Capital Partners Ltd.
On Tuesday, senior counsel Darius Khambata, representing Kotak Mahindra Bank, said the bank, an unsecured financial lender to Monnet Ispat and Energy, was among the dissenting unsecured financial creditors until now but would now want to be an “assenter”, or part of the lenders who have approved the resolution plan.
“We are an unsecured financial creditor with a claim of around Rs73 crore. However, if we become an ‘assenter', we may get to recover around Rs3-3.5 crore,” said Khambata. “This will not change anything in the resolution plan that has been submitted since the resolution plan has been passed by about 98% majority approval from the committee of creditors,” he added.
After hearing arguments, the division bench of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) comprising B.S.V. Prakash Kumar and Ravi Kumar Duraisamy directed the bank to file an affidavit in this regard and posted the hearing for 25 April.
The bench observed that any decision on a change in Kotak Mahindra Bank's status after the 270-day deadline and submission of the plan to NCLT could set a precedent.
“The admitted claims towards Monnet Ispat & Energy are about Rs11,400 crore, while the liquidated value of the company stands at around Rs2,365 crore,” argued Ravi Kadam, senior counsel representing the resolution professional in the matter.
“The lenders stand to take around 75% haircut in the matter,” he added.
Graphic: Ajay Negi/Mint
At the beginning of the month, the tribunal had directed the resolution professional of Monnet Ispat and Energy to include the claims of ICICI Bank (Rs486 crore), IFCI Ltd (Rs158 crore) and Standard Chartered Bank (Rs147 crore) in the steelmaker's bankruptcy proceedings.
Monnet Ispat is part of the first lot of 12 large non-performing loans referred by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for early resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) last year.
A consortium of AION Capital Partners and JSW Steel Ltd has made a binding offer for Monnet Ispat which was approved by the committee of creditors. AION Capital holds a 70% stake in the consortium while JSW Steel holds the rest.
If the plan gets approved by the Mumbai bench of NCLT, this will be the second resolution plan from the so-called first list of RBI. On 17 April, NCLT Kolkata had approved the resolution plan submitted by Vedanta Ltd for Electrosteel Steels.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum wearing a backless top was ordered to leave a garden centre after staff accused her of dressing "inappropriately".
Leanne Kennedy was buying some outdoors equipment in The Range, in Gosport, Hants., when she says she was left "traumatised" by the encounter.
The 30-year-old was approached by a member of staff and told to leave the premises or cover up if she wanted to continue shopping.
She said: "It must have been about 2pm, and the weather was 24C.
"I'd just gone in to buy some gardening supplies to spend the afternoon with my daughter in the garden.
(Photo: Solent News & Photo Agency)
"All of a sudden I was approached, not very discretely, and told, in front of other customers, that what I was wearing wasn't appropriate, and that I had to put a top on or leave.
I thought she was joking, I was wearing a normal summer outfit.
"When I tried to laugh it off, she said that if a man came in without a top on, they would say the same thing."
She said she would have understood if she was wearing a bikini, but she only had some of her back showing.
The member of staff reportedly pointed out to her that the store's policy on clothing was displayed at the entrance and she would have to leave the store.
But after returning home, Leanne decided to lodge a complaint with the shop.
(Photo: Solent News & Photo Agency)
She was then given a "grovelling" apology for her experience, with a customer service rep from The Grange saying it should not have happened.
They said: "I can advise that we do not have a specific dress code in place that would prevent you from shopping with the photographed outfit.
"I apologise for any inconvenience caused on this occasion."
But Leanne claimed the apology is not sufficient to make up for her embarrassment, adding: "I was humiliated, traumatised. It's discrimination.
"People were staring at me, I felt like I was being followed and had no choice but to put my things back and just leave the store.
""I don't feel as though an apology is enough after what they've put me through.
"I don't know what could fix this, but I wouldn't wish this humiliation on anyone."
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Warwickshire Police are searching for missing 13-year-old Leah Gilraine.
She was last seen in Beausale near Kenilworth at about noon on Saturday (March 17).
Leah is described as white, with long dark hair usually worn in a ponytail, about 5ft tall and of a medium build.
She was last seen wearing a black puffer-style jacket with a furry hood, dark green trainers and green leggings. She often likes to wear full makeup, including false eyelashes.
Insp Richard Thomas said: "Leah hasn't been seen since Saturday so of course we're all concerned for her safety and welfare.
"It's possible she's actually left Warwickshire and headed for a town or city in the wider West Midlands area, so we're asking people across the region to keep their eyes and ears open for her."
If you have seen Leah or know where she might be then you can call police on 101.
You can also call or text the charity Missing People (www.missingpeople.org.uk) on 116 000.
ADVERTISEMENT
One century ago this year, Russia was undergoing its Marxist revolution, an attempt to create a more just nation that instead led to one of the most brutal tyrannies of all time.
So what happened? It's a debate that's becoming important again thanks to the rise of American socialist organizations and publications. Centrist liberals, who thought the fundamental badness of socialism was permanently established decades ago, have been rather wrong-footed by this development. For instance, New York magazine's Jonathan Chait has been writing repeatedly against socialist publications, especially Jacobin, arguing that the repression of the Soviet Union was a foregone conclusion of Marxist ideology. He asserts that Marxism is a "theory of class justice," which only protects political rights for the "oppressed class." By this view, the October revolution led automatically to the gulags because "repression is woven into Marxism's ideological fabric."
It's a popular reading of the revolution. But it's also wrong about Marxism, Lenin's mistakes, and the revolution in general.
In fact, as China Mieville writes in his new book October, there wasn't just one Russian revolution, but two. The first, in February 1917, abolished the Tsarist monarchy. The second, in October of the same year, led to the Communist Soviet Union. And as Mieville argues, nothing about either of them or their aftermath was foreordained.
To understand why, it's important to first realize that Marxism at root is a theory of economic history, not "class justice." Marx outlined several stages of economic development, moving from feudalism to bourgeois capitalism and, eventually, to socialism. The inevitability of socialism, Marx claimed, was that capitalist development would lead to a decreasing rate of profit and increasing conflict between workers and large business owners, ending up with a state in which the workers control the means of production.
All this gobbledygook is important because it explains one of the key features of the Russian revolution: the extreme reluctance of most Russian socialists to take power.
Now, socialists in Russia were not monolithic. The most famous faction today was, of course, the Bolsheviks, a political party created as a result of a schism in the Russian Social Democratic Workers' Party in 1903. This more left-wing faction, led by Lenin, advocated a membership of professional revolutionaries, but there was also a more moderate faction, led by Juliy Martov, which advocated a more open format. After some wrangling, Lenin won a narrow majority (thus Bolshevik, or "one of the majority,") while Martov's faction became Mensheviks ("one of the minority"). But those two parties were only one of several left-wing ones around during these days. The Socialist Revolutionary Party, led by Viktor Chernov, was larger than either at some points, and it had its own schisms as well.
But one thing most of the different socialist factions had in common was a resistance to taking power. Even the Bolsheviks were hesitant before Lenin, with his tremendous energy and organizational talents, returned in person. Most socialists thought that by Marxist lights, Russia — then a largely agrarian, non-industrialized country — was not ready for socialism. Instead, they needed to step back and let the bourgeoisie go through its historical phase (perhaps with some assistance from socialists), after which it could be a fully socialist nation.
This turned out to be simply untenable. The Russian bourgeoisie was too weak to govern; the Provisional Government set up after the staggeringly incompetent Tsar Nicholas II abdicated never had anything like full popular legitimacy. Instead it governed in concert with the system of soviets that organically sprang up around the country. ("Soviet" is another important term to be clear on; at this point they were simply councils of workers, soldiers, and peasants.) The Soviet of St. Petersburg (then called Petrograd) in particular, energized by fervent left-wing radicalism in what was then the Russian capital, was the real power behind the throne, so to speak.
Worse, the Provisional Government quickly bungled away what little legitimacy and power it had. The First World War had laid waste to Russia, and led to a severe morale crisis in the army. Yet in July, Alexander Kerensky, then the minister of war of the Provisional Government, ordered a large offensive that failed spectacularly. Many soldiers became deeply radicalized, many more deserted en masse, and armed rebellion briefly broke out in St. Petersburg and elsewhere.
Despite the fact that they already basically had it, the Soviet leadership would not take power in the pinch. In early July, workers surrounded the All-Russian Central Executive Committee of Soviets, demanding in the words of one worker who shouted at Chernov, "take power, you son of a bitch, when it is handed to you!" They were so furious that Chernov might have been lynched if not for a courageous intervention by Leon Trotsky. But still the Soviet leadership refused, strengthening Lenin's and other Bolsheviks' conviction that they would have to do it.
An increasingly erratic Kerensky later took full leadership of the Provisional Government, where he made a second disastrous error: appointing General Lavr Kornilov, a right-wing extremist, to be commander-in-chief of the army. Kornilov was quickly involved in an attempted coup d'etat, which was fended off only with massive Soviet — and especially Bolshevik — help. After that, Kerensky's regime began to collapse.
The great error of Marxist ideology during the revolution was not primarily a lack of concern for rights, at which they were far ahead of their liberal contemporaries. Instead, it was far too much concern about events in the far-off future, which led to hesitation and an inability to reason more practically. Over-intellectualized Marxists were totally wrong-footed by the level of organic left-wing uprising among the masses during the revolution — even the Bolsheviks often struggled to stay ahead of them.
Lenin's signature intellectual idea, by contrast, was a rejection of traditional Marxist history. He argued that you did not have to first progress through bourgeois capitalism to get to socialism; instead the workers could directly seize power through a revolutionary vanguard. This idea was so wild at the time that convincing even most of the Bolsheviks was a steep uphill battle.
In retrospect this was pretty clearly reverse-engineered to justify taking political power now (instead of having to wait 50 years or whatever), but on at least one level it was correct. Russian leftists simply could not sit on their hands while the bourgeois regime collapsed of its own accord — the result would be utter chaos or a bloody right-wing dictatorship, as Kornilov showed. (During this period extreme right militias called the Black Hundreds were regularly running around conducting horrific anti-Jewish pogroms.)
However, Lenin also made a similar error of overconfidence in predicting the future. He was totally convinced that socialist revolutions were about to spring up in other countries, particularly Germany. That did not even come close to happening. Worse, he was far too cavalier, at best, about democracy. Seizing power by force is always liable to turn out badly, and the Bolsheviks did not properly anticipate the fight that might ensue, nor properly protect democratic rights, especially later. Martov and his Mensheviks were right that attempting to leapfrog straight to a socialist state by force was highly dangerous.
Lenin's signature organizational concept of "democratic centralism," in which a party position is figured out through debate, after which all members of the party are to accept it without question, is also highly suspect. That was partly the root of the abusive, dogmatic manipulation of Western Communist parties by Moscow all through the Cold War years.
But both these are distinctively Leninist additions to Marxism.
You could, I suppose, try to pin some blame for later Stalinist atrocities on the Marxist labor theory of value, which asserts that all capitalist profit is in a sense stolen from workers. If that is true we should be on the lookout for a revolutionary vanguard of libertarians who think taxation is theft.
But it is simply not the case that Marxism — an arid and over-elaborate doctrine, very interesting in some ways and clearly mistaken in others — is some turn-crank formula for purges and dictatorship. All the European labor parties were officially Marxist for decades, which led only to generous welfare states and some experimentation with government-owned industry. The Nordic countries became the most decent nations that have ever existed through policies that have direct roots in an early 20th century socialist movement that was fervently Marxist.
So if Marxism didn't doom the Russian revolution, what did?
The obvious culprit is the incomprehensible chaos and brutality of its circumstances. Immediately before the revolution, something like three million Russians had died in the First World War. The rapid collapse of Tsarism and the Provisional Government empowered the most hardline and radical factions on all sides. Immediately after the revolution, the Bolsheviks had to fight a civil war against virtually every other faction in Russia, many of them murderous reactionaries armed by Western powers. Winning required yet more brutal tactics and fighting, killing roughly 10 million more people in the process. It's at that point when truly awful authoritarianism started to set in.
But again, none of this was written in the stars. At many points during the revolution history was balanced on a knife edge. If the Soviets had declared themselves the only power in the land in July 1917, when they were still bottom-up, democratic institutions, it's possible Russia would have turned out as merely a left-wing democratic republic with some unusual governmental structures. If Kerensky hadn't called for his offensive and put a far-right reactionary in charge of the army, the Provisional Government might easily have held on long enough to establish an ordinary parliamentary democracy. Without Lenin — who was nearly captured multiple times during 1917 — it's unlikely the Bolsheviks would have managed to take power. And so on.
So a century from those heady revolutionary days, let us remember the necessity of political action to deal with problems as they arise, but also the necessity of humility and preservation of democracy at all costs. Utopian visions should not be rammed through by force — but neither should we fear bold activism simply because it is tinged with Marxian ideas. A better world is possible.
Kardashian West Visits White House Seeking Freedom For A Grandmother Serving Life
Enlarge this image toggle caption Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 7:27 p.m. ET
Kim Kardashian West met with President Trump at the White House Wednesday, as the reality star seeks freedom for a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in federal prison.
Kardashian West has been pushing for the release of Alice Marie Johnson since she heard Johnson tell her story on news website Mic.
Johnson was convicted in 1996 for a first-time drug offense. She has been behind bars for more than two decades.
Trump tweeted a picture of himself with Kardashian West in the Oval Office. In his tweet, Trump said the two had a great meeting. He said they discussed "prison reform and sentencing."
While at the White House, Kardashian West was also scheduled to meet with White House official Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law.
Kushner has spearheaded a White House initiative to help better prepare prisoners for life after incarceration.
On her Instagram account on Wednesday, Kardashian West sent a post wishing Johnson a happy birthday, saying "today was for you."
Johnson's supporters say she has been a model prisoner. During her time as an inmate, Johnson has written plays and become an ordained minister.
"To keep Miss Alice in prison for the rest of her life is morally and economically indefensible," said Brittany Barnett, who is part of the legal team set up by Kardashian West to represent Johnson. "She has more than paid her debt to society."
Prison reform advocates argue that lengthy sentences issued during the height of America's so-called war on drugs for nonviolent charges are cruel and inhumane. They also point out that keeping these individuals incarcerated is costly for taxpayers.
In his last years in office, former President Obama undertook a project to commute the sentences of certain nonviolent drug offenders.
While Obama commuted a record number of sentences, Johnson was denied clemency at that time.
Now Kardashian West and others are hoping Trump will act on Johnson's behalf.
Kardashian West is the latest celebrity to ask Trump to use his clemency power.
Actor Sylvester Stallone successfully lobbied Trump for a posthumous pardon of legendary boxer Jack Johnson.
Kardashian West's husband, Kanye West, is a Trump supporter. The president and West exchanged compliments on Twitter last month.
Trump has granted four pardons and one commutation since becoming president. All of the cases involved prominent figures or received a lot of media attention.
Former WA skipper Adam Voges has this morning been officially announced as the state's new coach.
The WACA confirmed the appointment at a 10am press conference, ending speculation about who would step up to replace Justin Langer.
Voges has big shoes to fill after taking over from the successful Langer, who stepped up into the national coaching position following the resignation of Darren Lehmann.
Voges only retired from the Perth Scorchers captaincy earlier this year.
The new Warriors and Scorchers coach said he was thrilled to step up into the role.
“I'm thrilled about leading this group of exciting young players,” Voges said.
“We already have strong foundations in WA and I'm looking forward to building on them, the values, the structures and the people are all excellent.
“The high performance staff are some of the best in the country, even in the world. I've worked with them as a player and captain for a long time and know I couldn't do this role as well without their support.
“The next step to take WA forward is to grow our program and build depth in young local cricketers.
“We've had some terrific success in white ball cricket over the past few seasons and we've seen some great inclusions into the Australian team, but to keep our program strong we need to build depth in the next wave of WA cricketers.
“The focus for this year is very much improving our red ball cricket and making sure we're right up there in the Sheffield Shield.”
WACA chief executive Christina Matthews said Voges' appointment was the “natural progression” following Langer's departure.
“As captain, Adam played a huge role in helping to develop the culture that has delivered us considerable success over the past few years,” Matthews said.
“Adam has an understanding of all the players and we know he works well with the current staff.
“Adam has a playing group that believe in his brand of leadership, players who have followed him for many years and look up to him as a trusted mentor and friend.
“Keeping both the Scorchers and Warriors under the same head coach was a big win, it's worked well for us in the past and Adam can provide that consistency.
“The WACA Board and management have complete confidence in Adam and we look forward to watching him succeed in his new role.”
(WTNH) — An aspiring new actress hailing from West Hartford, Connecticut may hit your television screens soon!
Sabrina Texidor was named the 2017 winner of the ABC Discovers: Digital Talent Competition in the U.S. This competition aimed to discover and champion high-potential actors through the use of innovative and imaginative ways using technology. The grand prize is a $25,000 talent deal with ABC.
Sabrina entered the competition by selecting and creating a video performing one of the comedy or drama scenes that were made available. All submissions were judged on quality of performance, potential star power and technical skills.
She received the special news while celebrating her birthday in South Africa.
Watch Sabrina's reaction when she was told she won as well as her entry into the contest:
Saudi Arabia: The White House Loves It. Most Americans? Not So Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Kitwood/AP Dan Kitwood/AP
With Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman embarking on a nearly three-week road show across the United States, he will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like his country very much.
Despite a 75-year economic and military alliance with Saudi Arabia and regular royal visits, 55 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of the kingdom, according to a Gallup poll in February.
Even longtime U.S. adversaries like China and Cuba have scored more favorably.
Crown Prince Mohammed is expected to be welcomed as a reformer when President Trump greets him at the White House on Tuesday. The 32-year-old prince recently expanded women's rights. This summer the kingdom lifts its ban on women driving. Women are also allowed to enter the military for the first time and can attend sporting and cultural events.
He's reined in the religious police who enforced strict rules of public behavior. Public cinemas will be licenses for the first time in decades.
But he's also raised concerns with brazen power moves that include detaining more than 300 businessmen, former ministers and high-ranking royals in a five-star hotel in the capital Riyadh. The Gulf nation's leaders described the wave of arrests in November 2017 as an anti-corruption purge, but for many international investors, it seemed more like a shakedown, as wealthy Saudi businessmen were pressured to negotiate secret settlements and hand over billions to get released or face public trials and personal ruin.
Crown Prince Mohammed has a backer in the White House. President Trump tweeted his approval of the anti-corruption campaign within hours of the arrests in Riyadh.
"I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...." the president tweeted.
After the White House visit, the crown prince's schedule includes meetings in Silicon Valley, in Los Angeles with entertainment executives, oil industry leaders in Houston, captains of finance in New York and high-profile media interviews along the way.
The busy itinerary appears to be a charm offensive to reset American public opinion and woo U.S. investors. Saudi Arabia has a story to sell: a young, dynamic crown prince who claims to be dramatically reforming the kingdom. He will tell a skeptical American business community that Saudi Arabia is safe for investments and even open for tourism for the first time.
The Saudi and U.S. economies are significantly linked by "investment ties, energy markets, and a shared interest in the stability of the global economy," writes Karen Young, a resident scholar at Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. For one, Saudi Arabia is the biggest international buyer of U.S. weapons.
It will be an uphill battle, says Frank Wisner, a retired U.S. diplomat and businessman.
"It's not an easy country to like," Wisner says. "The American mind simply rebels at the way Saudi women are treated, the way they execute criminals, the enforced religious doctrine," he says.
There are other issues that follow the prince to the United States. Members of Congress are urging the U.S. to stop supporting the Saudi war in Yemen, which has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the country.
For all the claims of reform, the prince hasn't talked about free speech or elected leadership. Dissident clerics and critics of the latest reforms have been jailed.
But the issues that color American public opinion come closer to home.
"It goes back to the 1980s, they [the Saudis] were perceived using their oil wealth to rip off Americans," explains Gerald Feierstein, director of Gulf affairs at the Middle East Institute in Washington and a former ambassador to Yemen.
"I see from the coverage that Saudi Arabia is a country that many liberal Americans ... [and] many liberal Westerners love to hate." says Bernard Haykel, professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University.
There have been serious low points in the relationship, like when Saudi Arabia imposed an oil embargo against the United states in the 1970s in retaliation for America's military support for Israel. More recently, last December, Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud condemned President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Worst of all for some Americans, the Sept. 11 attacks still cast a long shadow over Saudi Arabia because 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
"There are still lots of people who look at the Saudis and think 9/11," says F. Gregory Gause, a professor of international affairs at Texas A&M. "Either they were behind it, for which there is no evidence, or they created the conditions."
For a long time there have been two things you could count on in relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
The country has been favored by American Presidents.
But it's unpopular with the American people.
"The White House is always friends with Saudi Arabia. It's largely because the things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places." Says Gause.
"The things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places. The Saudis just do things quietly," says Gause.
The Trump administration is rolling out the red carpet and cranking up the pomp for Crown Prince Mohammed.
It's payback for the Saudi royal welcome Trump received on his first foreign outing as president last summer. But this Saudi royal charm offensive has to reach out to a wider audience.
Crown Prince Mohammed's trip to American financial centers is part of his effort to woo Western investors to avert an economic disaster at home. Since oil prices collapsed in 2014, the Saudis are burning through billions in foreign reserves just to make ends meet. The government provides a generous system of entitlements to Saudi citizens that can only be maintained at ever-higher oil prices. It's an unsustainable a hurry, says Haykel.
"He has a short amount of time to change the economy or the country is headed for disaster," he says, adding that the crown prince has driven a Tesla, an electric car predicted to one day undermine the oil economy.
There are many hurdles ahead as Crown Prince Mohammed tries to deliver on his revolutionary agenda to transform his country at warp speed. It's also too soon to tell if he's simply rebranding Saudi Arabia or leading a reboot of the conservative kingdom.
"He's a different leader from everything that has come in the last 50 years. He has a vision," says Haykel. "He's young and charismatic," but Haykel adds that there is a downside to the breathtaking changes.
"People have pinned huge hopes on his ability to actually change the economy and reform society. Those hopes are very dangerous."
"He is certainly going to change Saudi Arabia," says Norman Roule, a retired intelligence officer who served with the CIA in the Middle East. "The Saudis are superb allies and we have to support them in this journey," Roule says, explaining he believes there is no room for failure for a country that is a key to Middle East stability.
Backers of a close U.S.-Saudi relationship note that Riyadh has been a strong strategic partner for decades thanks to oil and regional politics. Saudi Arabia serves as counter-balance to Iran and the Saudis have helped the U.S. battle extremism. The U.S. needs Saudi assistance in a battle of ideas against al-Qaida and ISIS, says Gause: "Liberal democracies are not going to talk them out of what they are doing. The Saudis can rebut them with their own language."
"If the Saudis don't succeed, what does it mean for the region?" asks Roule. He believes Saudi Arabia is too big to fail. "To me the answer is clear. We have to do everything we can to support him."
The Malawi Police Service in Mchinji district are keeping in custody fourteen Rastafarians for protesting the arrest of fellow Rastafarians who were found cultivating Indian Hemp locally known as Chamba.
Mchinji Police Public Relation Officer Kaitano Lubrino confirmed the arrest on Friday evening. He said on January 31 the acted on a tip-off and arrested two members of the Rastafarian religion for cultivating Indian hemp a development which angered other members.
” On February 1, a group of over 20 Rastas ganged-up to the Police Unit to rescue their members. Uncontrollably a commotion started, the grouping went further and removed the police flag and instead they fluttered their Rastafarian flag up at the Police Unit.
This prompted the police from the parent station to beef up manpower to the Unit and in the process twelve irate people were arrested for the offence of misconduct at a police station,” Confirmed Lubrino
In Malawi, according to regulation 4 (a) of dangerous drugs as read with section 19 subsection 1 of dangerous drugs act, it is an offence to Cultivate or being Found in Possession of Cannabis Sativa without License and this act provides a maximum penalty of K5 000 000.00 fine or 14 years imprisonment with hard labor if one is found guilty.
The suspects are; Mishack Banda aged 52, Yohane Boniface, 25, Daniel Zulu, 21, Simioni Mwale aged 27, Zambika Masoadyera aged 25, Langizo Siliya aged 24, Chadza Phiri aged 23, Patrick Mmango aged 22, Gelesomo Chemili, 35, Kabungwe Mwale aged 35, Meshach John aged 24, Jonathan Sakale aged 22, John Biliati aged 20 and Mathews Sitolo.
The Super Bowl is the most watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who don't care about football are tuning in, or joining friends for a Big Game gathering. The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks and that's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets, according to sister site Covers.com.
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast.
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines (my money's on the cut-off hoodie) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “Gronk” during the game.
Here's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them.
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004. JT is out to prove he's no boob (sorry) by giving a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece.
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake's show:
Can't Stop The Feeling! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
He performed Can't Stop the Feeling! At the Oscars last year and the song was his first to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016. The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given.
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson, so he might want to nip (sorry) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether. SexyBack or Can't Stop the Feeling! seem like the logical choices.
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears (Yes +300, No -500), Janet Jackson (Yes +400, No -500), Jay-Z (Yes +300, No -500), Madonna (Yes +400, No -600) or any member of JT's old boy band NSYNC (Yes +150, No -180).
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure, would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “Oops I Did It Again”?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals, but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games. Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “underdog” (Yes -1000, No +450), “odds” (Yes -1000, No +450), “pointspread” (Yes +360, No -500) or “Vegas” (+Yes 240, No -300) while calling the contest.
Michaels has described his attention to the odds involving football games as his rascal tendency. My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth.
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States, but he is nothing if not interesting. One week everyone's talking about Fake News awards the next it's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings.
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl (Yes +360, No -500), if he'll do a pregame interview with NBC (Yes +360, No -500) and on how many times he tweets during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5.
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but he has graduated to company pitch man. He was in plenty of commercials during his playing days and he stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in his final game as a pro.
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast.
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple. Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game. The options are:
Clear (water) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick. Since 2000, water has been dumped seven times, orange five; yellow two, blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath.
Awwww Factor
Finally, multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff (-115) against Team Ruff (-115). If you're not familiar, watch and learn.
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year. That's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us.
Editor's note: This is piece was originally published on Covers.com, a sister site also owned by Tribune.
BOYS BASKETBALL
Absarokee 60, Fromberg 29
Belgrade 65, Livingston 61
Belt 52, Conrad 43
Big Timber 50, Joliet 41
Billings Central 62, Miles City 46
Billings Skyview 49, Butte 39
Bridger 63, Broadview-Lavina 47
Browning 82, Cut Bank 56
Butte Central 55, Dillon 35
Cascade 72, Simms 68, OT
Charlo 66, Darby 44
Colstrip 94, Lame Deer 49
Corvallis 58, Whitefish 44
Deer Lodge 56, Florence 41
Denton-Geyser-Stanford 70, Hobson-Moore-Judith Gap 29
Drummond 68, Sheridan 26
Ekalaka 78, Northern Cheyenne 36
Fairfield 49, Havre 39
Fairview 61, Poplar 54
Fort Benton 64, Box Elder 50
Frazer 69, Nashua-Opheim 50
Froid/Medicine Lake 60, Bainville 53
Glasgow 51, Harlem 43
Great Falls 86, Billings West 70
Great Falls Russell 64, Billings Senior 54
Heart Butte 100, Sunburst 80
Huntley Project 59, Lodge Grass 46
Jordan 76, Broadus 52
Manhattan Christian 81, Lone Peak 35
Melstone 67, Terry 35
Missoula Loyola 84, St. Ignatius 70, OT
Mon-Dak 74, Brockton 22
North Star 52, Chester-Joplin-Inverness 43
Park City 49, Red Lodge 24
Plains 60, St. Regis 15
Plentywood 61, Culbertson 55
Reed Point-Rapelje 69, Roberts 35
Roundup 68, Malta 63
Scobey 69, Saco-Whitewater-Hinsdale 47
Shelby 68, Choteau 61
Three Forks 64, Manhattan 54
Townsend 78, Shields Valley 50
Turner 75, Hays-Lodgepole 70
Two Eagle River 70, Clark Fork 52
Valier 73, Dutton-Brady 49
Valley Christian 61, Victor 49
Whitehall 78, Gardiner 66
Wolf Point 48, Baker 37
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Sunburst 28, Heart Butte 72
Belgrade 65, Livingston 62, OT
Belt 59, Conrad 16
Big Timber 64, Joliet 45
Bigfork 69, Troy 32
Billings Central 52, Miles City 48
Billings Senior 54, Great Falls Russell 41
Billings West 42, Great Falls 24
Box Elder 61, Fort Benton 58
Bridger 32, Broadview-Lavina 24
Broadus 56, Jordan 39
Browning 83, Cut Bank 58
Butte Central 35, Dillon 31
Charlo 58, Darby 36
Clark Fork 57, Two Eagle River 21
Colstrip 61, Lame Deer 46
Corvallis 75, Whitefish 63
Drummond 58, Sheridan 17
Ekalaka 53, Northern Cheyenne 49
Ennis 64, Phillipsburg 27
Florence 56, Deer Lodge 36
Froid/Medicine Lake 50, Bainville 40
Harlem 67, Glasgow 27
Havre 56, Fairfield 19
Hobson-Moore-Judith Gap 48, Denton-Geyser-Stanford 25
Huntley Project 55, Lodge Grass 36
Malta 33, Roundup 26
Manhattan Christian 61, Lone Peak 57
Missoula Loyola 61, St. Ignatius 22
Mon-Dak 63, Brockton 22
North Star 42, Chester-Joplin-Inverness 34
Plains 46, St. Regis 33
Plentywood 44, Culbertson 24
Poplar 76, Fairview 42
Red Lodge 70, Park City 31
Reed Point-Rapelje 57, Roberts 29
Savage 69, Richey-Lambert 39
Scobey 37, Saco-Whitewater-Hinsdale 26
Shelby 57, Choteau 44
Simms 42, Cascade 29
Stillwater Christian 59, Gallatin Valley Christian 23
Terry 50, Melstone 47, OT
Three Forks 73, Manhattan 42
Townsend 53, Shields Valley 22
Turner 73, Hays-Lodgepole 32
Valier 57, Dutton-Brady 25
Valley Christian 51, Victor 30
Wolf Point 60, Baker 39
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actress Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
Shobna Gulati arriving at Salford Cathedral for the funeral service of Coronation Street actress Liz Dawn.
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and her husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Kym Marsh arriving at Salford Cathedral for the funeral service of Coronation Street actress Liz Dawn
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
In her role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with her family around her.
She had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at her request.
Jennie McAlpine, who plays Fiz Stape in the soap, Sally Dyvenor (Sally Metcalfe), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster) and Andrew Whyment (Kirk Sutherland) were also at the cathedral for the service, which was due to be followed by a private family committal.
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: Rep. Brooks Recounts Active Shooting Scene
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Let's hear a bit more of the story of Alabama Congressman Mo Brooks, who is still on the line. We heard, in the last few minutes, Congressman Brooks describe being on a baseball diamond in Alexandria, Va., this morning when a gunman opened fire. Congressman Brooks, like others, dove for cover, ended up in a dugout, then heard gunshots behind him, which he realized were members of the security detail of Representative Steve Scalise, one of the lawmakers practicing baseball this morning and wounded by this gunman. Congressman Brooks is still on the line.
Congressman, what happened then, after you realized that the security detail...
MO BROOKS: Well...
INSKEEP: ...Was returning fire?
BROOKS: Well, we knew that Steve Scalise was wounded. And he had crawled, drug himself from the dirt infield between first and second base - he was fielding ground balls at second base - into the right field of grass. So we knew one of our brothers was still in open terrain. And you're hoping that the shooter doesn't try to put a second or third shot into him. Eventually, there is at least 50 shots exchanged, maybe a hundred. I mean, there's so many. It's - it's hard to keep track.
Sometime during the process, both of the Capitol Police officers - again, it's a rifle versus a pistol - both of them get shot, one of them seriously, one in the leg. I don't know how seriously the injuries are to the one who was shot. At some point, the shooter, (unintelligible), starts working his way past the third base dugout, behind home plate - where, if I had stayed behind home plate...
INSKEEP: Would have found him.
BROOKS: ...Had been 15 feet - that had been it. There'd have been two or three of us in wide open territory, short range, nowhere to go, no chance. Apparently, as he's going around home plate, though, the Capitol Police officers, although wounded, they're able to take him down. We hear shouts of shooter down, shooter down.
But at the time, you don't know if there's a second shooter someplace or not. At some point, we take a chance. We know Steve Scalise is out in the outfield, and he's bleeding. Jeff Flake, I think he might have been the first one out of the dugout. I quickly followed him. Three or four of us...
INSKEEP: Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona, right.
BROOKS: ...Ran out to where Steve Scalise was. And he was conscious. You could tell he was in pain. He was immobile. He needed liquids. Someone ran back to the dugout to get liquids. We have a congressman, Brad Wenstrup, who's also a - a medical doctor. He got to see Scalise. I don't recall if he was there before or after me.
But when he got there, he started trying to take off Steve Scalise's pants by cutting through them where the bullet wound was. I was asked to, and did, apply pressure with a cloth to the wound to try to slow down the blood flow. Someone else had been doing that before me. I don't know who. And at some point, the - the local law enforcement shows up. And they may have been a part of the shooting. They may have come after the shooting. It seemed like forever that we heard the sirens.
INSKEEP: OK.
BROOKS: And it was just our two Capitol Police officers versus the shooter for the longest time.
INSKEEP: Yeah.
BROOKS: And then we're herded all together into a central location with law enforcement around us, trying to protect us in case there is a - a second shooter someplace.
INSKEEP: And Congressman Mo Brooks, we will stop it there. Thank you for this description. We're pleased to hear that you're OK. And I can report also that Congressman Scalise's staff says that he will recover, although he was seriously wounded. Congressman, thank you very much.
BROOKS: Well, our prayers need to be with those who were injured, and tremendous gratitude to the Capitol Police officers who risked their lives to save ours. But for them, it would have been a massacre.
INSKEEP: Indeed. Mo Brooks of Alabama.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fight between rival Minecraft gamers has been revealed as the reason behind a bomb hoax which saw five schools in the Bristol region receiving threats.
Bristol Free School went into lockdown as Avon and Somerset police investigated threats to four other schools in the force area.
Students had their bags and pockets searched as officers and teachers worked to ensure the site was safe after receiving the anonymous email.
Hundreds of schools around the country received the threat, including those in London, Gloucestershire and Birmingham.
Police said they were investigating the root of the emails, but are classing it a hoax at this stage.
It has now been revealed the emails were spoofed by rival Minecraft gamers who were working to get a domain suspended.
Made to look as if the emails had been sent by a gaming network called VeltPvP, they were intended to cause the domain to be halted for abuse.
The emails were thought to have been sent by a group aiming to discredit VeltPvP, a Minecraft player-vs-player server.
Those involved in the feud claimed opponents have engaged in illegal activities in order to hinder one another's business.
The hoaxer admitted to Sky News he was at risk of being arrested for his actions.
Placing the blame on VeltPvP, the hoaxer said the network had engaged in a campaign of Direct Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks - which he alleged were used to try and shut down other rival Minecraft servers.
In a statement, VeltPvP said: “We've been being harassed by a group of cybercriminals that are trying to harass us in any way possible.
“We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake.”
Parents at Bristol Free School were told about the incident around 1.30pm.
An email sent out to parents was shared with the Bristol Post.
It read: “Dear parent/carer, you may be aware that in common with a large number of schools nationwide, we have been dealing with a hoax communication this morning.
“Although we believed it to be a hoax, we erred on the side of caution and immediately contacted the police.
“A similar reponse has been made by headteachers across the country.
“Police attended promptly, have been working with the school and are confident that there is no risk to students or staff.”
A spokesman for Avon and Somerset police said: “We are aware of a series of malicious hoax communications to schools across the country today.
“We know of five in our force area. Enquiries continue to establish the facts and forces are working together to investigate who is responsible.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, IL (KPLR) - The suspect in the congressional shootings, James T. Hodgkinson, was from the Belleville area.
“It's unbelievable. It's amazing; freaks me out,” said Gary Aye, who lives near Hodgkinson's home on Rolling Hills Lane.
“Crime happens, but you don't expect somebody to go that far away to make it happen.”
People who live in the Belleville area were stunned that that man who shot at the congressmen was from their backyard. Local police, sheriff's deputies, FBI and ATF agents, arrived on the scene.
Dale Walsh, who said he'd been a long-time friend of Hodgkinson, spoke with reporters near the residence.
“I just want to let people know he wasn't evil; that he was, I guess, tired of some of the politics going on,” Walsh said.
When the letter carrier arrived, she was prevented from delivering the mail on Hodgkinson's street. Federal agents examined the postal truck and a piece of evidence was removed, put in a brown bag, and taken away.
Walsh provided a mixed picture of Hodgkinson.
“He was passionate in what he believed in. He was a happy go lucky…took me by surprise as to what happened,” he said.
Walsh said Hodgkinson was a builder and then home inspector, as evidenced by the sign on his front lawn. Walsh doesn't know about any of his political leaning but describes him as strong willed.
“He'd never back down from anybody in a bar fight or whatever; he stood his ground,” Walsh said.
Former Rangers boss Alex McLeish was not close to returning to Ibrox but had reservations about the prospect when approached by the club.
McLeish was manager of the Govan club between 2001 and 2006, winning the domestic treble in 2003, among other honours.
He was invited by the Gers board to discuss the position vacated by Mark Warburton in February, with the club eventually opting for Portuguese coach Pedro Caixinha.
McLeish was speaking at a William Hill media event at Hampden Park ahead of the Scottish Cup semi-final clash between Celtic and Rangers at the national stadium on Sunday.
Asked how close he was to becoming the Light Blues boss for a second time, he said: "I wasn't close. I had doubts about it. I did speak to them and I said that if they were to come back and offer me it, I would like to speak further.
"It was a very casual chat. It wasn't what I would call an interview, it was meeting old friends again and seeing where they were going with the club.
"They say don't go back and that was in my mind but they asked to speak to me and it was worth listening to what they had to say.
"But I believe Pedro Caixinha was probably uppermost in their minds even at that time.
"I was never 100 per cent, 'yes, I am going back to Rangers'.
"I wouldn't have just walked straight back in without some further talks.
"It was totally different to when I first went. It just wasn't for me at this time of my career.
"I felt that, there is a lot that goes with it as well, in terms of the other side of the actual football and training.
"There is a lot of politics and I don't know if I needed that at this stage of my life."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As terrified residents were fleeing from the flames, hundreds of brave firefighters strode towards the very danger they had just escaped.
Watching a group of them march past the police cordon, I heard one say: “We're going in and we're going up.”
One shaken resident, who escaped the inferno in the early hours and couldn't believe the selfless bravery of the fire crews, said: “As I was running down the stairs I went past a fireman who was running up.”
As fire chiefs, survivors and members of the public praised the heroism of London's emergency crews, it brought back chilling memories of 9/11, where I witnessed first-hand the fearlessness of New York's firefighters.
Iconic images from the Twin Towers attack on September 11, 2001 showed members of the New York City Fire Department heading straight for danger – 343 of them died.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: London News Pictures Ltd)
At the time, I lived just outside New York, and I was in Manhattan that day. Famously, we tracked down firefighter Mike Kehoe, who was pictured on our front page as he courageously headed up the stairwell of the World Trade Centre.
Incredibly, he survived and four days later we told the world that he was alive, in a moving and memorable Mirror front page.
Tonight, one firefighter compared the blazing tower block in London to the Twin Towers tragedy.
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
(Photo: Getty)
An officer called Terry said: “There was one small staircase that everyone was going up. It was just like the images of 9/11.”
Terry had “seen nothing like it” during his 27 years of with the fire service. He said of the rescue effort: “We had to literally run under police riot shields because of the amount of flaming debris, just to get into the building.
“We were going up the staircase and people were coming down in smoke. I don't know how they were breathing.”
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Reuters)
Terry said he managed to get up as far as the 10th floor, adding: “It's like a war zone here.”
Some 250 firefighters attended the scene, in 40 vehicles. Engines arrived from all over the capital, including teams from Hornsey and Hendon, Walthamstow and Stratford. Kent Fire And Rescue Service search dogs were also brought in.
Crews tried to rescue as many people as they could before the building became too dangerous. Many were covered in ash and debris falling from the upper floors. At one stage, equally brave police officers were shielding the firefighters with riot shields as they attempted to battle the blaze.
(Photo: David Parker/Daily Mirror)
(Photo: EPA)
Others sat exhausted on the pavement on Ladbroke Grove as they drank water and ate sandwiches donated by local shopkeepers.
Steve Apter, Director of Safety and Assurance at London Fire Brigade, said that emergency crews had “to get through particularly arduous conditions up to the top floor”.
Fortunately, despite emergency workers' fears, Grenfell Tower didn't collapse. Residents expressed their gratitude to the crews.
(Photo: David Parker/Daily Mirror)
(Photo: PA)
Eddie Daffarn, 55, who has lived on the 16th floor of the block for more than 20 years, fled his flat after being alerted by a neighbour.
He became disorientated in the smoke and was brought to safety by a firefighter. He said: “My neighbour's fire alarm went off and I heard people shouting, ‘Fire, fire', on the landing.
“I opened my front door and lots of smoke came in, so I shut it. About two seconds later, a neighbour from downstairs phoned me and said, ‘You've got to get out of the building'.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Rex Features)
“So I went into the bathroom and wrapped a wet towel around my face and ran out of the front door. I think my neighbour saved my life.”
He recalled: “I ran out to find where the exit was and eventually a fireman touched my leg and he was able to help me into the fire escape.
“If I had been in that stairwell for any longer I don't think I would have found the exit. You couldn't see a thing. I was choking badly. It was a moment of life and death for me.
“I didn't have that much time to think. It was only when I got into the doorway I realised how serious it was.
“I'm very grateful that the London Fire Brigade were there to help me.” Nurse Simone Williams said the fire crews had done an incredible job. She said: “It was very obvious that people were not going to get out. There were two hundred-plus firefighters and even they were coming out with injuries and they have special equipment.
"They were coming out shouting that it was too hot. They couldn't get past the 10th floor, it was just too hot.” London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said: “In my 29 years of being a firefighter I have never, ever seen anything of this scale.
“This is a major fire that has affected all floors of this 24-storey building, from the second floor upwards.”
Ian Leahair, executive council member of the Fire Brigades Union said: “I've not seen bravery like this is all my 27 years. The amount of firefighters that have gone into this building, the exhaustion levels they battled through, it is nothing short of heroic.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The same applies to our control room staff, who, on top of fielding calls from members of the public and getting those they can to a safe place, have had to have horrific conversations with people trapped in the building, fearing for their lives. That is not an easy job.
“The firefighters' expectations on arrival was not for something on this scale.
He added: “I know they are devastated because they have done all they but they couldn't do more.”
BIDWELL, Ohio — Regardless of the records, these teams were about as even as they could be.
The unbeaten Southern and winless River Valley boys basketball teams were tied after the first half, at the end of regulation and at the conclusion of the first overtime in a non-conference battle on Saturday, but the visiting Tornadoes earned a two-point edge in the second extra session and escaped Gallia County with a 73-71 victory.
The Tornadoes (3-0) — who've surpassed the 70-point plateau in each of their games this winter — claimed a 20-15 lead eight minutes into play, allowing the Raiders (0-4) to sink just three field goals in the stanza.
River Valley — which posted a season-high in points on Saturday — made up the five-point margin in the second quarter, outscoring the Purple and Gold by a 16-11 clip, while holding SHS to just a trio of field goals to tie the game at 31.
On the strength of two trifectas in the third quarter, Silver and Black outscored their guest by a 14-11 tally, and the hosts headed into the fourth ahead 45-42.
In the fourth quarter, both teams sank six field goals, including a pair of three-pointers apiece. However, Southern sank 5-of-9 free throws in the period, while RVHS made just 2-of-6, leaving the teams tied at 61.
Both squads scored three points in the first overtime session, River Valley on a Rory Twyman three-pointer and Southern on a Coltin Parker two-pointer and a Brayden Cunningham free throw.
In the second overtime, Twyman hit another trifecta for the hosts, while Dustin Barber and Matthew Mollohan both contributed a two-pointer to the RVHS cause. Meanwhile, the Tornadoes made just one field goal — a Weston Thorla two-pointer — but had five players combine to make 7-of-9 free throws, sealing the 73-71 victory.
With five players in double-figures scoring for the second straight game, Southern was led by Parker with 14 points, nine of which came from beyond the arc. Cunningham, Thorla and Dylan Smith scored 13 points apiece for the victors, while Trey McNickle poured in 10. Jensen Anderson had seven points in the victory, while Austin Baker came up with three.
In addition to Parker's trio of three-pointers, Thorla and Anderson both sank a triple in for the guests.
For the Raiders, Barber led the way for scoring 22 points, 10 of which came from the charity stripe. Jarret McCarley was next for RVHS with 14 points, followed by Twyman with 11 and Layne Fitch with seven. Patrick Brown and Chase Caldwell both had six markers, Mollohan and Kyle Coen added two points apiece, while Jordan Lambert rounded out the team total with one point.
Twyman connected on a trio of three-pointers for the Silver and Black, Caldwell hit a pair of trifectas, while McCarley and Fitch made one each.
For the game, Southern shot 24-of-35 (68.5 percent) from the free throw line, where River Valley was 18-of-28 (64.3 percent).
This was the lone scheduled meeting between RVHS and SHS this season. Both teams get back to action in their respective leagues on Tuesday, with the Raiders hosting Vinton County, and the Tornadoes traveling to Trimble.
River Valley junior Rory Twyman (3) dribbles to the wing, during the Raiders' season opening loss to Eastern on Dec. 1 in Bidwell, Ohio. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2017/12/web1_12.12-RV-Twyman.jpg River Valley junior Rory Twyman (3) dribbles to the wing, during the Raiders' season opening loss to Eastern on Dec. 1 in Bidwell, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol-based restaurant chain's policy of forcing its waiters to “pay to work” has been debated in Parliament.
In January, the Bristol Post revealed that Aqua Italia required its waiting staff to hand over at least part of their tips to managers at the end of every shift.
Now a Bristol MP and cabinet minister have been discussing the issue in the House of Commons.
MPs heard on Thursday, February 1 that Aqua bosses were forcing staff to pay three per cent of their table sales back to the company. This would mean that staff who received tips from customers equivalent to around 10 per cent of sales would have to hand over around a third of those tips to management. If tips were lower, the staff would be left with even less and one waitress, at an Aqua restaurant outside Bristol, reported having to go to a cashpoint and withdraw money from her bank account when her tips failed to cover the amount demanded by management.
Bristol North West MP Darren Jones, who brought the issue before the chamber, said: “In Bristol, a case has arisen of restaurant owners charging their waiters and waitresses to work, by demanding that the waiters themselves pay a percentage of the total price of orders that they sell to their customers, regardless of tips received.
“This employer's tax on working is then being used to pay their wages. Remarkably, I'm told that this is legal.”
(Image: Trinity/freelance photographer Jon Kent)
Leader of the House of Commons Andrea Leadsom reacted in shock, calling it “extraordinary” and said the Labour backbencher should investigate further as to whether the practice was even legal.
Ms Leadsom said: “That sounds quite extraordinary and I would encourage him to take that up with the Home Office, in terms of whether it's actually legal or not.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“That seems to me to be an extraordinary account.”
Mr Jones asked: “Can we have a debate to decide whether this needs to change?”
When it was revealed Aqua was asking waiters to pay three per cent of their table sales back to the company regardless of whether the worker earnt any tips that night, further evidence was brought to light.
After seeing the restaurants' financial documents it was confirmed the restaurant was using the tips to pay their staff's wages.
The story came as a shock to man in Bristol, particularly those who had visited the popular chain's city branches, and many vowed to boycott the restaurants.
Those in the hospitality industry expressed anger at the worker's “tax” but many vented their frustration with an industry which often exploits its workers.
(Image: Trinity/freelance photographer Jon Kent)
A protest was held outside the restaurant on Welsh Back on the Harbourside on January 14.
Mr Jones has taken up the mantle for workers across Bristol to ensure employment and pay practices are upheld.
The Frasers landed on the shores of Georgia in the Season 3 finale of Outlander, but Starz is already offering up your first sneak peek at Season 4!
At the end of the episode, the premium channel showed the first footage of next season featuring Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire (Caitriona Balfe) seeming to settle into a new life in the colonies. Claire declares they'll have a chance to start over and live the American dream. Jamie wonders if that's their dream before sharing a kiss on a grassy knoll.
The couple, who have never starved for an adventure, landed in the new world in 1766, one year after the start of the American Revolution. They're going to try to start their new lives just as the American settlers are beginning to fight for their freedom and then build a new nation — which means plenty of espionage, danger and revolution for them.
Outlander Season 4 officially hits in 2018.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 45-year-old man has been charged with murdering his wife at their home near Bristol.
Andrew Tavener's wife Claire, 27, was found with multiple stab wounds at a house in Brendon Gardens in Nailsea on January 8, following a violent assault.
Despite the efforts of paramedics to try and save her, Claire died at the scene.
(Image: Facebook)
A post mortem examination later confirmed that the mother-of-two had died from multiple stab wounds.
Her husband, also of Brendon Gardens in Nailsea, was arrested on suspicion of murder after being hit by a train at Nailsea and Backwell station on the same day.
(Image: Facebook)
Avon and Somerset police confirmed on Thursday, February 1 that he had been charged with murder. He has been remanded in custody pending an appearance at Bristol Magistrates' Court on Friday February 2.
Specialist officers continue to provide support to the victim's family.
In a statement released by police after her death, Claire's family said: "Claire was an amazing woman, full of life and love for her boys.
"She made us so proud to be her parents and brother. Her sense of humour and ability to focus on the important things meant she could cope with any situation with ease."
© Jorge Duenes / Reuters
© United States-Mexico Border Health Commission
A House panel has approved legislation to provide a total of $15 billion for construction of President Donald Trump's wall along the US-Mexico border and improve ports of entry into the US.The Border Security for America Act , proposed by Chairman of the the House Homeland Security Committee Michael McCaul (R-Texas), was approved by the committee in an 18-12 vote along party lines Wednesday.The bill would authorize $10 billion for construction of the border wall, and another $5 billion to improve ports of entry. The bill would also add 5,000 Border Patrol agents and 5,000 Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) officers."We have been talking about border security for many years. Now that we finally have a partner in the White House who has prioritized this issue, it's time for Congress to do its part and get the job done," McCaul said in a statement In addition, the bill would authorize the federal government to reimburse states up to $35 million to use the National Guard in support of border security. Federal agents also would be prohibited from restricting CBP activities on federal land within 100 miles of the border.There are currently 68 Republican co-sponsors in the House and a number of law enforcement and border organizations have endorsed the bill.The Border Trade Alliance said that the bill "wisely seeks to ensure that our international borders with Canada and Mexico have the personnel necessary to process legitimate cross-border trade and travel securely and efficiently."The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association said that the legislation "makes improvements to our border security through strengthening physical structures, updating administrative processing, employing state of the art technology, expanding surveillance, and adding to enforcement personnel."Democrats, however, strongly oppose the border wall and many see this bill as a political move by Republicans to appease President Donald Trump, who made constructing the wall a major campaign promise."To waste this money on basically a campaign promise is pretty disgusting," said Rep. Nannette Barragan (D-California), a committee member, according to The Hill Democrats are also concerned that the bill will be attached to legislation that would turn the rescinded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.After Republicans met with Trump at the White House on Monday, Senator Tom Cotton (R-Arkansas) said that "the president was very clear" on what he wants from Congress on DACA.Cotton said that any efforts to codify DACA "ought to include some kind of enhanced measures, whether it's on the border or interior enforcement or what have you."Rep. Filemon Vela (D-Texas), Ranking Member of the Border and Maritime Subcommittee, proposed several amendments to the bill, including withholding funds from the border wall until the Mexican government agrees to reimburse the US for the costs as well as an amendment that would prohibit the federal US government from seizing private property along the border "without truly providing just compensation to property owners.""Put simply, the legislation under consideration today is an offensive joke and a fiscally irresponsible mess," Vela said in a statement . "It insults border communities, threatens private landowners, and would devastate the wildlife of the Rio Grande Valley.""I appreciate the gentleman's creativity in this amendment and sense of humor, but I will oppose this amendment," McCaul said, according to The Hill.However, the committee did adopt amendments introduced by Rep. Will Hurd (R-Texas), whose district includes more than 800 miles of the US-Mexico border. The amendments would prevent construction of the wall in Big Bend National Park and other areas "where rough terrain, natural barriers, and the remoteness of a location render a wall or other structure impractical and ineffective."
Dozens Dead In Multiple ISIS Bombings Across Baghdad
Enlarge this image toggle caption Karim Kadim/AP Karim Kadim/AP
Dozens are dead in Baghdad after bombs were detonated across the city on Monday. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the bombings.
The death toll from the attacks is still climbing.
NPR's Alice Fordham reported on the bombings, telling our Newscast Unit:
The first attack came in Sadr City on the edge of Baghdad, still reeling from a bombing on Saturday. The bomber pretended to be recruiting casual laborers for the day, so those killed were mainly poor manual workers. The next ones came at roughly the same time near two hospitals in the city, followed by three bombs in the poor Shaab area of the city.
The BBC reported that at least 35 people were killed and at least 61 injured by the blast in Sadr City, which is a "predominantly Shia Muslim" neighborhood. The BBC wrote: "The Sunni jihadist group Islamic State said it had carried out the attack, which 'targeted a gathering of Shia.' "
Reuters reported that "nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus." The news service wrote: "Their charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby."
The attacks followed other bombings in the city on Saturday, which killed 28 people, according to the BBC. Reuters wrote also wrote that "an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven policemen dead."
Monday's attacks coincide with an Iraq visit by French President Francois Hollande. Hollande gave a press conference with Iraqi prime minister Haider al Abadi, vowing to defeat ISIS.
"The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life," Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said, according to the BBC.
The ISIS bombings come as Iraqi security forces continue their offensive to push the self-proclaimed caliphate from the country. The U.S.-supported offensive was launched in mid-October, as the Two-Way reported, and has recaptured part of the city of Mosul, the terrorist group's last major stronghold in Iraq.
According to Reuters, "Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April."
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website, Resolver.
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year. This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year (1,300).
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines.
People don't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone, Resolver expects this trend to continue.
James Walker, founder of Resolver says, “We've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver.
“Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they didn't realise they had any right to make a complaint, felt intimidated into paying up, or were just so angry about their experience they didn't want to deal with it.”
He adds, “So if you feel that you've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge, don't give up – it's not hard to make a complaint.”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014.
Resolver's private parking tips
1. Don't stick your head in the sand. Private parking companies will increase their charges if you don't pay up. Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain.
2. Don't pay up straight away. But do tell the firm you're going to appeal. It's often harder (but not impossible) to get your cash back after you've paid. But don't assume the firm has no right to charge you. Deal with the situation head on.
3. Gather evidence. The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm. If it's unclear, hidden, overgrown, vandalized, etc, you can argue you were misled. Take photos, write down everything you can remember, get witnesses if need be.
4. Give the human touch. We've seen shocking cases, from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time. Parking firms aren't charities. But explain why you weren't able to pay in time or return to the car.
5. Tell the landowner. Parking companies are working for the landowner. If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating, they need to know about it.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
New Delhi: After creating a buzz in Bollywood, seems like Deepika Padukone's 'lungi dance' from the film 'Chennai Express' is all set to cross over seven seas.
D.J. Caruso, director of Deepika's Hollywood debut 'xXx: Return Of Xander Cage', took to Twitter on Wednesday to express his desire to end the fourth film in the franchise with a Bollywood song.
He then said he is considering the 32-year-old's song from 'Chennai Express' for the same.
He wrote, "I want to end xxx4 with and Bollywood dance song. Led of course by @deepikapadukone. Lungi Dance?? Something new?"
One of the fans of the 32-year-old Indian star, who made her Hollywood debut with xXx: Return of Xander Cage, asked the director if the song will be part of the end credits and he replied with a 'Yes'.
Meanwhile, Vin Diesel will be seen in the fourth installment of the xXx series but Deepika has not been confirmed yet.
The xXx franchise began in 2002 as part of a boom in Hollywood for extreme sports-oriented films, based largely on the popularity of the X-Games at the time.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack is expected in court Monday to hear federal charges accusing him of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins could enter a plea during the hearing in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged him and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where he was going to board a flight to his home in Ilfracombe, England. He had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. He must wear an ankle monitor and stay at a halfway house or under house arrest in Las Vegas until his Monday hearing. A judge also ordered him to surrender his passport and barred him from using any device with access to the internet.
Hutchins' attorney, Adrian Lobo, has not responded to several phone messages from The Associated Press over the last week.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero he enjoyed four months ago when he found a “kill switch” to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim he created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Stacey Switzer from the APA of Missouri visits KPLR 11 News at Noon with Lexus, a 3-year-old pit bull terrier mix.
She's been at the APA since mid-June and is looking for a forever home.
If you want to adopt Lexus, just visit to the APA on Hanley Road.
Here is the information that you'll need:
1705 South Hanley Road 314-645-4610
http://www.apamo.org/home.aspx
Is your pet lost? Try looking at stllostpets.org
The continued flight of capital from farms, lack of profits, fragmentation of land, rising input prices and pressure lobbies like food security and Swadeshi, have nearly made it impossible to sustain farming. Photo: Reuters
Today is the second death anniversary of Sharad Joshi, a legendary farmer leader who fought for remunerative prices for agricultural produce till 1992 and then for the liberalization of the farm economy. He reached great summits in farm agitation and also witnessed political debacles, but won the argument that farmers were and still are being treated adversely in the post-independence era, thanks to socialist “redistribution” and planned development.
The continued flight of capital from farms, lack of profits, fragmentation of land, rising input prices and pressure lobbies like food security and Swadeshi, have nearly made it impossible to sustain farming. The current crisis is only the tip of the iceberg. Joshi was aware of the all-round defeat of farmers, especially as suicides were the order of the day and happened even when nature was favourable. Constantly concerned with karza mukti (freedom from indebtedness) for farmers in his last years, Joshi proposed a comprehensive plan—he called it the Marshall Plan— to liberate farmers from the shackles of indebtedness, poverty and hopelessness. Based on his brief notes and emailed letters to colleagues, the Shetkari Sanghatana now argues in favour of the Bharat Utthan plan outlined here.
Joshi argued that the farmer has suffered serious blows and losses over generations, thanks to non-remunerative prices, anti-farmer socialist laws like the Land Ceiling Act (LCA) and the Essential Commodities Act (ECA), and opposition to technology and external investment in farming. The farmer has lost the battle for survival, leading to suicides and reservation movements, displacement, slums and crimes. India, in its own interest, needs a comprehensive plan for the farmer to survive and remain afloat. Here are the 10 main points of the agenda:
1. Freedom—and not a waiver—from all the arrears of banks and power companies, since all these have accumulated due to the exploitation of debt-ridden families on account of deliberate anti-farmer policies like levy, market restrictions, import-export restrictions and blockade of alternative capital investments or exit policies.
2. Doing away with all anti-farmer laws, especially the ECA and the LCA and the restoration of property rights that were abrogated through the creation of schedule IX.
3. Opening up local and national markets, allowing free competition, lifting monopoly rights and opening up futures' markets. A major mechanism for manipulating prices of farm produce to favour the “other consumer” (the urban vote bank) is the Foreign Trade Act, 1995. The slapping of export restrictions, minimum export prices, and unfair imports as a means to target inflation have affected farmers. A calibrated approach is necessary to allow farmers to change cropping and other practices to remain competitive. Finally, the best prices are obtained in freely operating markets as governments only distort and disrupt markets.
4. Infrastructure investments—in roads, rail, transport, power, labs, storage, cooling and processing, etc. The investments can be both public and private. Private investment in farming has all but dried up due to socialistic restrictions in the form of various land laws and trade restrictions.
5. Uninterrupted and good-quality power supply. Currently, power companies are offering power to farmers that cannot be used elsewhere at night. The billing should be metre-based rather than horse-power based, as this entails inefficient use and excess charge.
6. Open access to farm technologies, including genetically modified seeds, currently under siege by Swadeshi and leftist groups. Farmers cannot compete in domestic or global markets unless new technologies are available.
7. External investment in infrastructure, retail, farming, including domestic investment that is discouraged due to restrictive laws and various anti-profit mechanisms in place.
8. Dissolution of the leaky Food Corporation of India, and transfer of cash subsidies to needy families for sustenance. This will help develop the foodgrain markets and create a level playing ground for non-wheat/rice foodgrains.
9. An exit policy for farmers who want to quit farms for better prospects. The current laws prevent sale of land and easy capitalization.
10. The farm policy is far too muddled. The farmer welfare approach needs to be replaced by an agribusiness policy.Various ministries must put their heads together to liberate agribusiness. Currently, states are only implementing agencies while the Centre is playing spoilsport by enacting anti-farmer policies.
Joshi argued that the minimum support price (MSP) regime could not solve the problems of farmers any longer and was only working to throw a spanner in the works. The socialist framework works only against farmers, not for them. The farmer, due to various restrictions, is unequal before the law vis-a-vis others, and has been reduced to second-class citizen status, looking for help in every adversity because he doesn't have the resources or reserves. The farmer is forced to till small pieces of land with no technology and deal with adverse markets and a rent-seeking bureaucracy. In simple terms, Joshi's formula is to make farming or quitting easy, in an economic and democratic manner. Development comes only with freedoms, not shackles. This is the time to discuss Joshi's liberty for farmers plan, rather than waivers and unworkable MSPs.
Shyam Ashtekar is a member of the Shetkari Sanghatana.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
April 6 (Reuters) -
* India cenbank deputy Mundra says going forward capital will be needed to support growth of banks
* India cenbank deputy Mundra says there will be case specific resolutions required for addressing banks asset quality
* India cenbank deputy Acharya says don't have a reason to believe there is a leakage into inflation due to excess liquidity
* India cenbank deputy Acharya says part of reason to narrow policy corridor is to anchor money market rate closer to policy rate
* India cenbank chief Patel says farm loan waivers engender moral hazard
* India cenbank chief Patel says need to create a consensus so that loan waiver promises are "eschewed"
* India cenbank chief Patel says more measures on NPA resolution will be put in place
* For the detailed report on the RBI policy review see: (Reporting By Suvashree Dey Choudhury and Devidutta Tripathy)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers were shocked tonight after evil Pat Phelan tormented an elderly lady.
But the biggest surprise came when dithery Flora was revealed to be the mother of Vinny Ashford, the man who ran off with the money from the Calcutta flats scam.
Pat and Vinny stole thousands off of the residents of Weatherfield with their con, including the Nazirs and the Grimshaws, but Vinny then turned on his pal and took all the money for himself.
But Phelan faced his old enemy again, in the form of a framed photo, after following Daniel Osbourne to an old people's home.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Daniel was snooping for information about the flats for a story for the Gazette, so Pat gave him a stern warning.
He said: "If you continue to push with this you're going to make me very angry."
Daniel asked if that was a warning, to which Pat replied: "Call it a friendly warning."
After following Daniel to the old folks' home, Pat showed a fake ID to gain entry and saw him talking to Vinny's mum.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Flora didn't remember Pat, but he knew exactly who she was, as he picked up a photo of Vinny.
The villain asked: "How do you know this fella Flora?"
"That's my son, Harvey," she replied, revealing that Vinny was using a fake name.
Pat said: "Harvey, Harvey it's funny I used to know him as Vinny - Vinny Ashford."
Flora explained: "He has lots of names something to do with his work, I never understood, I do miss him."
A terrifying Pat added: "Me too Flora, me too."
(Image: ITV)
Corrie viewers took to Twitter after watching Pat torment Vinny's mum.
One viewer said: "Pat, can you get much lower, doing that to the poor lady but Harvey/Vinny. #Corrie "
Another added: "Oh. She's vinnys mum!!!! And his name isn't even vinny!!!! The twists keep on coming!! #Corrie "
A third said: "Phelans going to kill Flora so Vinny comes back #corrie "
* Coronation Street continues at 8.30pm on ITV
The Russia Investigations: 5 Takeaways About The Inescapable Nunes Memo
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
This week in the Russia investigations: The much-talked-about memo finally made its public debut.
After a week of hyperpartisan madness that critics warn could shatter key D.C. institutions forever, the inescapable, once-secret spying memo wound up falling like a drop of rain into the Pacific Ocean.
There was no Friday Night Massacre in which the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department were pushed out the window or jumped on their own. The memo didn't even break much news — comments by members of Congress and reports in the press ended up setting the stage for it nicely.
But that doesn't mean it didn't have some points of interest, including these five takeaways.
1. The Steele dossier did not launch the DOJ Russia investigation. George Papadopoulos did
NPR and other news organizations have not detailed the infamous, unverified dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele because its allegations about President Trump and Russia are unproven. That is why allies of Trump in Congress have sought to make the case that it's the germ of the whole Russia matter.
GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses Listen · 19:25 19:25
By drawing attention to its salaciousness and the prospect that it could be the product of Russian intelligence disinformation, they have sought to argue: If it's the sum total of the case for alleged collusion with the Russians or an alleged conspiracy between the Trump 2016 campaign and agents of the Kremlin, there is no case here.
But it's not the sum total of the alleged conspiracy/collusion case.
And in fact, the memo prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, says that what "triggered" the FBI's investigation was evidence about onetime Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. He has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos was offered dirt on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and high-level meetings with Russians early in the campaign. When that story — after a drunken night out at the pub — got back to Washington, D.C., the FBI opened its investigation. So it was already underway by the time the Steele dossier materialized.
2. Two consecutive administrations believed Carter Page worthy of foreign-intelligence monitoring
Carter Page, like Papadopoulos, was a junior foreign policy adviser to the Trump 2016 campaign. He visited Russia at least twice in 2016 and acknowledged in an earlier interview with the House Intelligence Committee that he had met with government officials and others there. The core of the memo is that the FBI and the Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court to authorize surveillance of Page.
Republicans say that is the real problem here. In their telling, biased investigators didn't tell the court the dossier material was unproven political opposition research that had been funded by Democrats. But the memo doesn't say whether there might have been other evidence beyond the dossier — foreign intelligence intercepts or reporting from human sources — that also supported the warrant request. (And Friday night, The Washington Post reported that the FISA court "was aware that some of the information underpinning the warrant request was paid for by a political entity, although the application did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign," according to two U.S. officials.)
The Nunes memo also doesn't say that the FISA court requires that a warrant produce intelligence in order to reauthorize it. So however the FBI got its initial warrant for Page, the Nunes memo suggests that once surveillance of Page started, it continued producing foreign intelligence.
Officials from FBI Director James Comey in 2016 to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who was appointed by Trump and still serves in the Trump administration — have signed successive applications for warrants, the memo says.
3. Christopher Steele is a never-Trumper
The former British intelligence officer and dossier author Christopher Steele has remained a silent cipher in the middle of the Russia imbroglio. He hasn't been heard from publicly since his document exploded onto the scene.
The Nunes memo released on Friday, however, makes it clear that Steele was not a politically neutral actor.
Steele was commissioned by a Washington private intelligence company, Fusion GPS. It was hired first by conservative underwriters, then Democrats, to conduct opposition research about Trump in 2016. All the same, Fusion GPS' founder, Glenn Simpson, has told Congress that he did not instruct Steele to dig up dirt on Trump.
Rather, in his account, Simpson gave Steele an open-ended assignment to find out what he could from sources in Russia he had cultivated over his career. Steele, according to Simpson, was shocked by what he learned and volunteered on his own to report it all to the FBI.
Friday's memo complicates that picture. According to the Nunes memo, Steele told a contact at the Justice Department that he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
That, for Republicans, is more evidence that anti-Trump bias is at the bottom of the DOJ's Russia investigation. And the memo charges that although the FBI "recorded" Steele's feelings, it was "not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
Unlike the Nunes memo, however, those underlying documents, remain secret.
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
4. Some chains of events still aren't clear
Simpson told Congress that one reason Steele broke with the FBI, which the Nunes memo also describes, was he felt the bureau wasn't taking him seriously enough. And Steele was mystified, in Simpson's telling, by a story in The New York Times in which FBI officials said they had no clear link between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But that story appeared on Oct. 31, 2016 — 10 days after the FBI and DOJ applied for their warrant on Page, according to the memo declassified and released Friday. The evidence now shows the FBI certainly thought there was a connection, and it has since become clear the bureau had been running a counterintelligence investigation since July 2016.
Was the Times' story a sin of omission by the FBI or one of commission? Did the people who talked with Times reporters Eric Lichtblau and Steven Lee Myers not know about the investigative work that was then underway — or did they mislead the reporters because they wanted to protect their work and not spook potential targets of the investigation in Trump world?
Further confusing the matter is a Washington Post story from April 2017. It describes a FISA warrant targeting Page "last summer," based in part on his trip to Moscow and what it calls prior contacts with Russian intelligence operatives.
Does that mean the Oct. 21, 2016, warrant application referenced in the declassified memo was actually a reauthorization of an earlier one? There is no independent accounting of events at this time to clear up these questions.
5. Republicans want to redefine the Russia imbroglio
For the House Intelligence Committee's GOP majority, it's not a story about Americans potentially conspiring with a foreign attack on the democratic process. Instead, it's a story about abuse of power and a hapless martyr in Carter Page.
The memo saga sucked up all the oxygen in Washington, D.C., this week, but it remains to be seen whether it proves a tactical victory or a strategic one. Republicans' memo targeted the weakest aspect of the collusion storyline within the Russia imbroglio — a dossier that virtually no one defends — and singled out what they called politically biased FBI and Justice Department officials.
The collusion case has always been broader than the dossier. Several people in the Trump campaign had contacts with Russians, including Papadopoulos, Page, onetime Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn, now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort hosted a delegation of Russians at Trump Tower in June 2016 following what was described to Trump Jr. as the Russian government's desire to support Trump's campaign by providing information about Clinton.
Politics Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Listen · 4:56 4:56
Trump's allies have pushed in all their chips on a strategy of tearing down federal law enforcement, within guardrails established by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to preserve the agencies' current leaders in their jobs. Trump has already fired one FBI director, James Comey, and reportedly wanted to fire the Justice Department's special counsel, Robert Mueller.
So although whatever Mueller's office yields will have been prefigured by months of attacks, including the Nunes memo, nothing in the document directly implicates Mueller or his current team. The question now is how much credibility Mueller, the FBI and DOJ will retain by the next time they act in their investigation.
DCM Shriram's total income from operations rose to Rs7,062.67 crore in the 2017-18 fiscal from Rs6,163.96 crore in the previous year. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: DCM Shriram Ltd on Wednesday reported a 68% decline in consolidated net profit at Rs50.71 crore for the quarter ended March mainly due to lower sales realisation in sugar business. Its net profit stood at Rs156.35 crore in the year-ago period, according to a regulatory filing.
Total income from operations in the fourth quarter of the last fiscal also dropped to Rs1,575.96 crore from Rs1,722.96 crore in the corresponding period of the previous financial year.
Net profit, however, rose to Rs669.56 crore during the last fiscal from Rs551.68 crore in 2016-17. Total income from operations also rose to Rs7,062.67 crore in the 2017-18 fiscal from Rs6,163.96 crore in the previous year.
DCM Shriram is engaged in many businesses including sugar, seeds, fertilisers and chemicals. “We are happy to report a satisfactory performance for the quarter and for the year. All our businesses have emerged stronger and more competitive as a result of steps taken over the last few years,” said Ajay Shriram, chairman and senior MD, and Vikram Shriram, vice chairman and MD of the company.
“Our chlor-alkali business has become stronger with economies of scale and substantial improvement in power efficiencies. The planned capacity expansion and setting up of facilities for chlorine based chemicals will make this business further strong,” they added.
Stating that sugar business is experiencing difficult price situation with prices significantly below cost, Ajay Shriram said the industry has been pursuing with government for immediate support as well as a rational policy framework. There is need for urgent action in this regard to ensure that farmers' interests are protected, Vikram Shriram said.
Over the last few years, they said, the company has taken several steps to strengthen the sugar business. “Overall we are confident of sustained growth with stronger business portfolio going forward,” they said.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vi Wood, 56, is a carer and charity worker from Stourbridge. Originally from Germany, she set up support group, Leslie's Care Packages, two years ago, in memory of her late husband, to help poor families in the town. As she tells Claire Donnelly, demand for help is growing.
I help people in pain as a way of dealing with my own pain - and it seems that there are more people than ever needing help.
I started volunteering in August 2016, after losing my husband, Leslie, in the April.
I had been living in the UK since 1977 but when he passed I went through five months of hell.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The authorities said I might have to leave, to lose my home. I had to show my working status but I'd been caring for Leslie for the last ten years.
I was terrified I'd lose everything. I was grieving and trying to deal with all this. Even though we were married and I'd been here so long it looked like I might have to leave the country.
Eventually I was able to show that I had been working before - as a cleaner for a dentist - and I found a new job as a part-time carer.
I've been trying to find more work - maybe retail or cleaning - but the jobs just aren't there.
I knew there were other people who were in pain - people who were homeless or living in poverty - so I set up Leslie's Care Packages to help them.
I'd collect food and toiletries and take them to where people were rough sleeping.
Bit by bit I got to know other people, the hidden homeless, people living in bad, emergency accommodation, people being given flats but nothing to furnish them, people working but not having enough wages to pay their bills.
Poverty doesn't just affect people in the big cities, it's everywhere. And it's getting worse. It feels like things are going backwards.
People are trying their best but whatever they do, some families just don't have enough.
So I know families where the only meals their children eat are their free school meals or where a change to Universal Credit means they have no money coming in for seven weeks.
People shouldn't have to beg for food but they do.
Recently I visited two pregnant women who had nothing - I was able to give them some nappies and a Moses basket to get them started.
A lot of working people can pay the bills but not have anything left for food. They don't necessarily meet the criteria for a food bank voucher either so they fall between the cracks.
I'll take them a food parcel to keep them going.
It's disgusting that this is happening in a civilised society. All we can do is try and help.
Maybe we need another Robin Hood.
Have Your Say
Tell us about the issues affecting you.
We are retracing the journey George Orwell made in his book, The Road to Wigan Pier, throughout 2018 to tell modern stories of working and unemployed poverty.
They'll appear in a regular series in the Daily Mirror newspaper and here, on our special anniversary website.
President Trump endorsed Rep. Dan Donovan, R-N.Y., Wednesday, citing one of the reasons as Donovan's vote on the tax cut bill signed by Trump at the end of last year. The problem: Donovan didn't vote for the tax cut.
"There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again," Trump tweeted. "Dan has my full endorsement!"
In December, Donovan said that he "wanted nothing more than to vote for a tax plan that would put more money in the pockets of overburdened taxpayers and spur job creation." But with the elimination of various deductions, Donovan said the bill would end up raising taxes on his constituents.
"With the state and local tax deduction nearly eliminated, this tax bill doesn't equal relief for far too many New Yorkers," Donovan said in a statement announcing his intention to vote against the bill. "My responsibility and allegiance is to the people who sent me here, and I will not support a tax hike on the people I represent."
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders & Crime, loves our Military & our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
The incumbent Donovan is locked in a primary battle against former Republican Rep. Michael Grimm. Grimm has tried to paint Donovan as not being a strong enough backer of the president's agenda.
Despite Donovan's vote against his tax bill, Trump fears Grimm, who pleaded guilty to federal tax charges in 2014, would lose in the general election. Citing Roy Moore's loss in Alabama, Trump said, "We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!"
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can't take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Prominent Papuans pleaded for the U.S. to give them money and arms in the mid-1960s to fight Indonesia's colonization of their vast remote territory, according to recently declassified American files that show the birth of an independence struggle that endures half a century later.
The documents add to the historical evidence of deep Papuan grievances against Indonesia at a time when clashes between rebels and Indonesian security forces have flared in the impoverished region and Papuan nationalists have succeeded in drawing more attention to their cause at the United Nations. Indonesia's defense minister said last week that activists who attended a recent pro-Papuan independence meeting in Vanuatu should be arrested on return to Indonesia.
The files are among the thousands of pages of cables between the State Department and the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta from the 1960s that were declassified earlier this year. The 37 boxes of telegrams are stored at the National Archives and Records Administration in Maryland and researchers are working on making them available online.
Papua, which makes up the western half of the giant island of New Guinea, remained in Dutch hands after Indonesia shook off colonial rule at the end of World War II. Many Indonesians saw their government's campaign in the early 1960s to take Papua from the Dutch as the final victory in their struggle for independence. But to Papuans, with a Melanesian culture and history distinct from Southeast Asia, Indonesia was a hostile colonizer.
The rest of the world looked away as a rigged vote of a little more than 1,000 hand-picked and closely managed Papuans cemented Indonesia's control in 1969. The Netherlands, which before annexation was preparing Papua for self-rule, did not object. The U.S., which in 1967 helped American mining company Freeport secure rights to exploit rich copper and gold deposits in Papua, did not want to upset a status quo favorable for U.S. business or destabilize Indonesia's pro-U.S. government.
An April 1966 cable from the State Department recorded the “eloquence and intensity” of Markus Kaisiepo, an exiled Papuan leader, who spoke with a senior U.S. official about the “desperate plight of the Papua people under Indonesian rule.”
Kaisiepo said Papuans were determined to have independence but were completely without financial resources or the military equipment needed to “rise against the Indonesian oppressors.”
Kaisiepo, whose son would also become a prominent advocate for Papuan independence, asked if the U.S. “could provide money and arms secretly to assist him and his movement.” He was rebuffed, as was another Papuan leader, Nicolaas Jouwe, who made a similar request to the U.S. in September 1965 and also to Australia.
The documents also show how officials looted the region after Indonesia annexed it in 1962 and brought about a collapse in living standards, stoking anger that boiled over into outright rebellion. But the biggest source of resentment was Indonesia's reluctance to honor its U.N.-supervised and U.S.-brokered treaty with the Netherlands, which mandated that Papuans would decide in a plebiscite whether to stay with Indonesia or become self-ruled.
After U.N. troops left Papua, Indonesians systematically looted public buildings and sent the booty to Jakarta, the April 1966 cable said, citing Kaisiepo. Hospitals built by the Dutch were stripped of beds, X-ray equipment and medicines, desks were taken from schools and soldiers stole anything “that took their fancy” from private homes.
Other cables citing American missionaries working in Papua described widespread food shortages, and how Indonesian officials bought up all consumer goods and shipped them out of Papua for a profit. When shipments of goods and food arrived at ports, Indonesian troops would commandeer them.
Victor Yeimo, chairman of the pro-Independence West Papuan National Committee, said the documents are “very important” because they provide evidence of crimes against Papuans by the Indonesian military and the U.S. role in denying self-determination. Administratively, Indonesia divides the region into two provinces, Papua and West Papua, but Papuans refer to both as West Papua.
“Information gained from these documents shows the world and today's generation that the U.S. and Indonesia have been hand-in-hand in hiding the truth all along. The economic and political interests of the U.S. played a big role in West Papua's colonization,” Yeimo said. “We, West Papuans, have been butchered since Indonesia first entered our land and up to now. And we have never seen any justice.”
Papuans were not without supporters in the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta but their views did not prevail. In August 1965, the embassy's political officer Edward E. Masters recommended the department leak word of violent uprisings against Indonesia's rule in Papua to the world press. Without the glare of publicity, Papuans would suffer “complete colonial subjugation” by Indonesia, he wrote in a prescient cable.
Citing the U.S. role in negotiating the 1962 treaty between the Netherlands and Indonesia, Masters wrote “we would appear to have a special responsibility to see that the terms of that treaty concerning ascertainment of the true wishes of the Papuan people are respected.”
Another cable written by Ambassador Marshall Green, however, described Papuans as “stone-age” people. Their “horizons are strictly limited,” it said, and they weren't capable of deciding their own future, contradicting other assessments by the embassy of Papuans' widespread desire for independence.
Word of violent uprisings, which began about March 1965, began trickling out of Papua as American missionaries who were working in the region visited Jakarta and embassy officials tapped sources in the Indonesian military for information.
In June 1965, rebels launched a full-scale attack on a government post in the town of Wamena that killed at least a dozen Indonesian soldiers and an unknown number of Papuans.
“No figure on the number of Papuans killed is available but one informant described it as a ‘slaughter,' since almost the only weapons in the hands of the highland Papuans were knives and bows and arrows,” said a cable sent two months later.
The same document reported that rebels overran most of Manokwari, a major coastal town, in early August and held it for a week until beaten back by Indonesian soldiers.
A massacre by Indonesian forces the previous month may have been a catalyst for that attack.
A Dutch missionary told U.S. officials that rebels had shot three soldiers raising a flag in a valley near Manokwari in late July.
“Indo reaction was brutal,” said a cable transmitted in September 1965. “Soldiers next day sprayed bullets at any Papuan in sight and many innocent travelers on roads gunned down. Bitterness thus created not easily healed.”
By early 1967, there were persistent rumors within Indonesia and abroad that 1,000 to 2,000 Papuans had been killed by an Indonesian air force bombing campaign.
The Indonesian government denied it, asserting instead that 40 tribesmen were killed in “strafing” runs by an air force bomber in response to an ambush of paramilitary police, according to an April 1967 cable.
The number of police wounded in the ambush: two.
___
Follow Wright at www.twitter.com/@stephenwrightAP
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Market – Overview:
IP telephony is a form of technology involving the internet to transfer IP packets over networks. These packets can be of the form of voice, fax, or any other information. The IP telephony is often run on IP packet switched connections. The working of IP telephone is similar as to a public switched telephone network. The transfer of information over the internet becomes easier as it being an open standard wherein the data transfer is highly secure, reliable and it can maintain consistency.
One of the major challenge that enterprises and users face in IP telephony Market services is the delivery of voice, fax, and even video in a reliable manner. As the number of internet users' increase, it gets difficult for the internet service providers to manage, the growing traffic, and thereby results in latency. The increased use of voice over IP has also resulted in decline of traditional vendors. At present, the IP telephony services are not regulated by the Government and are expected to not be regulated for connections between a phone user and an IP telephony service provider.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5695
Major Key Players:
Ascom Holding AG (Switzerland), Avaya Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.), Gigaset Communications (Germany), LG Electronics Inc. (South Korea), Mitel Networks Corporation (Canada), Panasonic Corporation (Japan), Polycom Inc. (U.S.), Yealink Inc. (China), NEC Corporation (Japan), Grandstream Networks, Inc. (U.S.) among others, are profiled in Market Research Future analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the global IP Telephony market.
Industry News:
April 18, Evolve IP Acquires Leading UK Cloud Communications Provider the voicefactory Ltd.
Evolve IP has acquired the voice factory Ltd. which is a leading cloud communication provider in UK. This acquisition will add distribution channels in UK and Europe. Also, this will lead in generating larger client base in verticals like hospitality, automotive, finance and legal.
April 18, BT pushes ahead with plans to switch off telephone network.
BT is planning to shift all of its customers to IP telephony services by 2025. This switch of technology will result in closure of public switched telephone network (PSTN). The broadband division will make enhancements in its network by replacing analog network to digital, fibre-led networks.
March 18, Polycom acquisition expands Plantronics endpoint portfolio.
Plantronics Inc. has acquired Polycom Inc. that has helped Plantronics to expand and rise in competition against Cisco and Logitech. The acquisition is expected to provide enhancement to Plantronics in the line of headsets unveiled by Cisco, giving rise to the competition.
March 18, Tasmania picks suppliers for IP telephony services.
The Government of Tasmania has chosen My Net Fone, a subsidiary of Australia's MNF enterprise and three other carriers as the preferred suppliers for IP telephony services for the state Government. This will provide the Government with an alternative to traditional PSTN network.
Access Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/ip-telephony-market-5695
Segmentation:
Segmentation by component: hardware (IP desktop phones, audio conference phones and DECT phones), softphones and services (professional and managed).
hardware (IP desktop phones, audio conference phones and DECT phones), softphones and services (professional and managed). Segmentation by organization size: wired and wireless.
wired and wireless. Segmentation by vertical: BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication, retail, Government and others.
BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication, retail, Government and others. Segmentation by region: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world.
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of IP Telephony market is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. North America and Europe are contributing a large share in market growth. Followed by Asia Pacific, Japan, China and India which are moving towards digitization. Due to increase in customer support services, the usage of IP telephony services has grown in developing in Asia Pacific region. The dominance of countries like U.S. and Canada is prominently seen due to fast adoption of IP telephony services. In addition to this, adoption of IP telephony solutions in industry verticals such as BFSI, healthcare and IT & telecommunications is an important factor which is driving the growth of IP telephony market in the same region.
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India
Phone: +91 841 198 5042
Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
× School Gives Car to Student's Family
DIMOCK TOWNSHIP, Pa. — A school in Susquehanna County gave a very special gift to a student's family. The gift of an extra set of wheels will help as the family deals with that student's health problems.
Once the keys to a Mercury sedan were in Brandy Astacio's hands, her family could now rest easy knowing they have something they've sorely needed these past several months.
Astacio's daughter Brianna became sick in January and needed surgery and the family only had one vehicle to get to and from the hospital.
“Brianna graduates this year and it's going to make a big difference to have that extra vehicle in our driveway to take her to and from,” said Astacio.
The car for a fellow student is made possible by some automotive students at Susquehanna County Career and Technology Center. It needed a whole new engine and some bodywork.
“It feels good to give back to the community. Nice to see all your hard work go to something good,” said senior Austin Rudock.
“We had to take the bumper off to get a plastic piece behind it that was broken in half,” explained junior Ryan Farley.
“Here comes a car that does not run. They don't have a clue what's wrong with it. Find the needs of the vehicle, order the parts, and put it together,” said teacher Kevin Noldy, describing the process of preparing the car.
Not only do these kids learn a trade but a lifelong lesson in giving back to others.
“It is a big weight lifted off my shoulders,” said Astacio. “I owe them all a huge debt of gratitude, humbled beyond words.”
This is the third car these auto students have been able to work on and give away to a family in need. These students get to work on a fourth car which they plan to give away next year.
Authorities in Bermuda have confirmed the death of a 19-year-old American student who went missing over the weekend.
Acting Assistant Commissioner of Police James Howard announced Monday that Mark Dombroski's body was found in a moat at Fort Prospect.
Howard said foul play has not been ruled out and forensic officers are examining the scene where the body was found.
“We extend our heartfelt condolences to the Dombroski family,” Howard said during a news conference after the body was found.
Dombroski, a freshman at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, was a member of the rugby team and was on the island to compete in the 2018 Ariel Re Bermuda International 7s Rugby Tournament.
The tournament ended on Saturday. According to police, “It then appears that Mark along with friends and family went out to socialize.”
According to police, Dombroski was last seen by his family and friends just after midnight Sunday at a restaurant called The Dog House.
“The Saint Joseph's University community is heartbroken tonight to learn from the Bermuda Police Services (BPS) in Hamilton that student Mark Dombroski has died. We extend our deepest sympathies to the Dombroski family along with Mark's teammates, classmates, and friends,” read a statement from the university on Monday.
“Saint Joseph's students in need of counseling or ministry have been informed of available services. The circumstances of Mark's death are still under investigation by the BPS. During this difficult time, we ask for your understanding and that you respect the privacy of Mark's family and friends.”
Police were notified of Dombroski's disappearance at 9:39 a.m. Sunday and Howard said police “within an hour mobilized officers to commence looking through CCTV and checking for the young man.”
Police confirmed that “CCTV footage indicates that Mark was seen alone at 1:09 a.m. Sunday, March 18, walking east along Front Street just past the junction with King Street. He was wearing a green T-shirt, khaki pants, and black shoes. He appeared to be using a cellphone device.”
Bermuda Police Services are asking anyone with information to contact police headquarters.
© AP / Gregory Bull
Currently, the U.S. admits more than 1.5 million legal and illegal immigrants every year, with more than 70 percent coming to the country through the process known as "chain migration" whereby newly naturalized citizens can bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives to the U.S.
In the next 20 years, the current U.S. legal immigration system is on track to import roughly 15 million new foreign-born voters. Between seven and eight million of those foreign-born voters will arrive in the U.S. through chain migration.
President Donald Trump campaigned and likely won the presidency on his promise to build a wall between Mexico and the U.S, and a new Rasmussen poll shows that a majority of Americans think our border is more porous than in other countries."Despite President Trump's efforts to toughen border enforcement,," Rasmussen said about its findings.The telephone and online survey found just 22 percent of likely voters think it is harder to get into the United States illegally than in other countries, while 39 percent said it is easier. Twenty-six percent said getting into a country illegally is about the same around the globe.To see the questions asked, click here Breitbart News reported in March that a Quinnipiac poll revealed Republican voters still think immigration is the most important issue in November's midterm elections, along with the economy.The poll found Republicans think immigration is more important than taxes, healthcare, and gun policy and would vote accordingly.Breitbart News also reported the majority of likely voters in the 2018 midterm swing districts across the country said they believe immigration has made life in America worse, according to a CBS News/YouGov Poll taken in early June.The Rasmussen survey of 1,000 likely voters was conducted on June 25 and 26. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points, with a 95 percent level of confidence.Breitbart News reported:
Charles ‘Chuck' LaPose, a former Ridgefielder, died on Dec. 7 at his home in Scottsdale, Ariz.
He was born in Garden City, Mich. on March 25, 1941, son of the late Alexander and Dorothy (Hall) Lapose.
He began a career in the telecommunications industry in 1961 as an equipment installer in Kalamazoo, Mich. for Western Electric, retiring in 1991 as director of strategic planning at AG Communications in Phoenix, Ariz. During his career he lived in Kalamazoo, Mich.; Sunnyvale, Calif.; Moscow, Idaho; Everett, Wash.; Roselle, Ill; Tehran, Iran; Ridgefield, and Scottsdale.
He was an history buff and enjoyed family genealogy, reading, politics, music and travel. He served for several years as a Precinct Committeeman for the GOP.
Besides his parents, he was predeceased by a sister, Jane (Lapose) Willett; a daughter, Danielle LaPose and three nephews. He is survived by his wife, Kathleen (Rosendahl) LaPose; three sisters, three children, 14 grandchildren, six great-grandchildren, and many cousins, nieces and nephews.
A celebration of life was held for friends and family. His body was donated to Research for Life with ashes to be spread at his favorite locations.
Memorial contributions may be made to the Last Wish Foundation, founded in his memory by grandson, Reggie Crandell, or the Lewy Body Dementia Organization, lbda.org
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fulham defender Cyrus Christie has been the victim of sickening racist abuse.
Christie took to social media to show the extent of the abuse he has received, seemingly from Middlesbrough supporters.
The Republic of Ireland international only joined Boro last summer but moved on to Fulham in January.
He uploaded a series of messages of users referring to him as a 'c**n', 'monkey' and 'cotton picker' alongside the caption "Nothing changes...nothing gets done..."
Christie then posted another message he had received, reading: "Cyrus is a n*****".
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Cyrus Christie/Twitter)
(Image: Cyrus Christie/Twitter)
Fans showed their support for the full-back, who responded: "Thank you for showing and passing on the messages to me.
"Sad to see people are still resorting to racist slander."
Christie left Boro after falling out of favour under boss Tony Pulis following Garry Monk's dismissal.
A Kick It Out statement read: "These horrific posts about Cyrus are a stark reminder of how social media provides an open forum for racism within society to thrive. The organisation has been liaising with the UK Football Policing Unit and Twitter as well as offering our guidance and support to Cyrus and Fulham.
"Football can provide the platform to educate against all forms of discrimination, but this incident is a reminder that action in promoting equality, inclusion and cohesion in the game must never relent.
"It is essential that the sport continues to challenge hate where it is found, including social media platforms, who must take a leading role in eliminating abuse from their platforms. Currently, they are failing to tackle this issue effectively."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Avril husband / Griffiths Photog)
Christie has struggled for game time at Fulham with boss Slavisa Jokanovic preferring Ryan Fredericks at right back.
Fulham remains in the promotion hunt and sit third with two games to go.
Boro meanwhile are in fifth, meaning the two sides could meet in the Championship play-offs next month.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The “Lovely Debbie McGee ” is a showbiz pro when it comes to painting on a spell-binding smile, an art she learned as assistant to magician Paul Daniels .
Even as Paul – the soulmate she was married to for 29 years – lay dying, Debbie forced herself to smile and to laugh to keep his spirits high.
But for 18 months after 77-year-old Paul died, there were many more tears than smiles for heartbroken Debbie.
But that is starting to change, thanks to Strictly Come Dancing , according to Debbie's younger sister Donna Phelan.
“I have seen a change in her, I have seen her happy again, and she has a sparkle in her face,” she beams.
(Image: PA)
Donna, 57, who moved in with Debbie, 58, for six months after Paul died, says her sister's smile is no longer painted on, but genuine now thanks to her work with dance partner Giovanni Pernice , 27.
Donna says: “She is putting in as many hours training as she can, normally nine hours upwards, and she is exhausted.
“But her face lights up on the dance floor with Giovanni. She always tries to keep happy, but you can see in her eyes now that she is really happy.” Donna gets tearful as she recalls the dark days when Paul was dying from brain cancer.
She believes he never truly understood how ill he was as the cancer had affected the part of the brain which processes information.
Debbie tried to keep life bright, “watching quiz shows and eating ice-cream” with her husband.
(Image: Philip Coburn)
Donna says: “She never let him see her cry. She was always smiling at him and even right up to the day before he died he laughed a lot with us.”
She pauses, then adds, quietly: “She would look at him and smile and say, ‘Are you alright, darling?' And then she would walk out of the bedroom and cry.”
Donna admits she and Debbie have sobbed together over the loss of Paul, and their dad, who died three years ago. She says: “Every now and again we have a day where we sit and cry together.”
But since starting Strictly, Donna says Debbie seems more like the bubbly sister she adores.
“I think she likes to have someone at night to talk to when she gets home, she's excited about it all. But she has been less emotional, she has needed me there less.”
(Image: Philip Coburn)
Debbie has thrilled Strictly fans since her first steps under the glitter ball with Giovanni. Their Paso Doble, which ended with Debbie planting an unscripted smacker on Giovanni's lips, raised the roof.
But questions have been raised about Debbie's past ballet training and whether that gives her an unfair advantage.
She made her name in her 20s as Paul's assistant on his BBC Magic Show, where “The Lovely Debbie McGee ” became his catchphrase.
But she had joined the Royal Ballet School at 16, and then danced with the Iranian National Ballet in Tehran – her career then curtailed by the 1979 revolution.
Donna stresses that Debbie quit ballet at 19, and is new to ballroom and Latin, but she is not surprised Debbie is sweeping the judges off their feet. As a child, Debbie was mad about dance class.
(Image: Philip Coburn)
They started ballet as three-year-olds in Surbiton, Surrey, but it was Debbie who took to it. Donna says: “She was definitely a little performer from the word go. She wanted to be famous. She has always loved it.
“At five, I'd be playing with dolls, but Debbie was practising if she had a show coming up. While I would go to the youth club, Debbie would practise.”
It paid off when Debbie got into the Royal Ballet School. Donna says: “She worked hard. I think she has natural flair. When you love to do something, you do it well.”
Donna, a business coach, recalls her sister leaving for Iran. “She was so excited. She wanted to forge a career in Iran.”
When she returned home, Debbie tried to join British ballet companies to no avail.
(Image: Getty Images)
While Donna married aged 20, Debbie “was dedicated to her career” and put it before relationships, says Donna.
She spent a short time touring as a dancer with bands – including ABBA – and in 1979 joined Paul Daniels' troupe.
Quickly, she was asked to join him on his popular BBC TV show. Donna says it was not love at first sight, but their passion was built on friendship and laughter.
When they married nine years later, Donna was the couple's bridesmaid.
Debbie and Paul, who never had children would babysit for Donna's sons James, now 25 and a professional magician thanks to Paul's influence, and Matthew, 22.
Donna describes her sister's marriage as like a “fairytale”.
She says. “They were such good friends, you never went to their house without them laughing, they were always cracking jokes.”
(Image: PA)
Donna insists Debbie never regretted giving up ballet. But later, as Paul's career slowed down, he supported her dream to run a ballet school – Ballet Imaginaire.
Donna says: “She was brilliant at choreography. She can envision things and that is probably helping her now because she understands what Giovanni is giving her.
"She picks it up and will practise it step by step until she gets it right.
(Image: The People)
“Even if Giovanni says, ‘You've got it' she will keep on until she thinks she has got it right.”
Although this week, the quickstep routine is proving a challenge.
Donna says: “It's tough, she is struggling a bit with it – there is lots of acting in it.”
Just to be clear, Debbie's passion is for dance – and not for Giovanni.
Donna laughs when I mention the whispers of her sister's close chemistry with her young dance partner.
"Hysterical” is the word she uses and says Debbie had “laughed about it”.
(Image: Philip Coburn)
She adds: “She adores Giovanni and he adores her, they have such a respect for each other. You can see he is loving teaching her.”
But is he her type? Donna squeals: “A 27-year-old? No! He's James's age.”
She says: “We never have a conversation about her meeting anyone else, I know she is not ready.
"But when she is, I will be here and support her.
“She has a lot of love to give, she is a really lovely lady, and would be a lovely partner for someone – just not yet.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Stars react to the Golden Globe Award nominations announced Monday morning in Beverly Hills, California:
— “It was my morning to carpool, so I just dropped the kids off.” — Laurie Metcalf, nominated for her supporting role in “Lady Bird,” on her not-so-glamorous morning.
— “It's a good day when you wake up and find out that your show is on a list with ‘Game of Thrones.'” — Dan Fogelman, creator of “This Is Us,” nominated for TV drama series.
— “I'm descending into nonsensical happy words because I am not, I can't believe it, it's just amazing. It's just amazing.” — Greta Gerwig, nominated for writing “Lady Bird,” which she also directed.
Advertisement
— “I haven't started yet, but I've been looking at a bottle and it's staring me back.” — Armie Hammer, on whether it's too early to start drinking Champagne to celebrate his supporting actor nod for “Call Me By Your Name.”
— “We're having champagne for breakfast!” — Margot Robbie, a double nominee as producer and star of “I, Tonya.”
— “This is a Chanukah miracle.” – Pamela Adlon, up for actress in a TV comedy series for “Better Things.”
— “We are, in a few hours, we are about to have our London premiere of ‘Darkest Hour.' Tonight. So this is sort of a bit of frosting on the cake.” — Gary Oldman, nominated for actor in a drama film for his portrayal of Winston Churchill.
— “Issa Rae is a hero of mine. I'm going to try not to stalk her at the Globes. I nearly died when I heard my name and hers in the same sentence. I'm dweebing out pretty hard.” — Rachel Brosnahan of “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” nominated alongside Rae for actress in a TV comedy series.
— “What wonderful news on such a snowy day in London.” — Judi Dench, nominated for her leading role in “Victoria & Abdul.”
— “This is good news for Albert Einstein.” — Geoffrey Rush, nominated for playing the scientist in “Genius.”
— “No matter how long you do it, it's an uncertain life, so you're always happy for encouragement. You're always happy for someone to say, ‘Keep going. Keep going. We like what you're doing.'” — Willem Dafoe on his supporting actor nod for “The Florida Project.”
— ” I guess what I was really trying to do in retrospect is had a conversation about what it's like to be a woman in the world, and do it while playing a sex worker.” — Maggie Gyllenhaal, nominated for her performance in the TV drama “The Deuce.”
— “To have people recognize me still as a singer and … you know, just for my work as Mary J. Blige and Florence — it's like yes! It's the cherry on top of the cake.” — Mary J. Blige, a double nominee for her supporting performance in “Mudbound” and writing its original song.
— “My morning plans are to do a little bit of chores around the house.” — Guillermo del Toro, writer and director of Monday's top nominee, “The Shape of Water,” on how he'll celebrate.
— “Today is my father's birthday, and my father has been dead for many years, but he was a huge supporter of me being an actor. I don't think he was crazy about it at the beginning. But it's really, really fabulous to have this happen on his birthday.” — Richard Jenkins, a supporting actor nominee for “The Shape of Water.”
Are you ready for a festival of football? From 14 June until 15 July 2018, 12 stadiums in 11 cities across Russia will host the 21st FIFA World Cup.
The first World Cup to be held in Europe since Germany in 2006, it's estimated that Russia 2018's infrastructure budget alone is over US$100 billion.
This is what it's being spent on.
Russia 2018: stadiums and fan fests
There are 12 stadiums across 11 cities, with the final destined to be played at the 80,000 capacity Luzhniki Stadia in Moscow, which is also home to the Spartak Stadium. Brand new, purpose built-for-2018 stadia include the US$280 million Volgograd Arena (where England play Tunisia on 18 June), the US$290m Nizhny Novgorod Stadium (where England face Panama on 24 June), the US$330m Rostov Arena, the US$300 million Mordovia Arena in Saransk, the US$320 million Samara Arena, and the Saint Petersburg Stadium. The latter an cost eye-watering US$1.5 billion.
Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow. Credit: Ria Novolsti
Others include the radically upgraded Ekaterinburg Arena, which is the furthest east of all the stadia, Sochi's Fisht Stadium that was used in the 2014 Winter Olympics, and the Kazan Arena in Kazan, which features the world's biggest outdoor HD screen (4,030 square metres) on its outer west side.
Perhaps the oddest stadium, at least geographically, is the brand new US$300m Kaliningrad Stadium (where England will face Belgium on 28 June). Kaliningrad is a Russian enclave sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania, and completely cut-off from mainland Russia.
The centre of each host city will also have a FIFA World Cup 2018 Fan Fest for those without tickets, with each big enough for between 15,000 and 40,000 people.
Russia 2018: travel infrastructure
The distances between the host cities are huge. For instance, Volgograd is a whopping 600 miles from Moscow. It's hoped that fans will either fly or take overnight trips on Russian Railways since organisers have laid-on 440,000 free seats for ticket holders with official Fan ID . Traveling between the host cities, 728 long-distance trains will ply 31 routes. Not surprisingly, all railway stations will have airport-style security.
FIFA estimates that this World Cup will generate over 2.1 million tonnes of carbon dioxide, made-up of international travel to Russia and travel between the host cities. FIFA will offset the 11.2% it directly controls, plus 2.9 tonnes per ticket holder traveling from abroad that signs-up . Why? 'To score goals for the climate', of course.
Russia 2018: broadcast TV infrastructure
Russia 2018 will be filmed in 4K HDR, but almost everyone around the world will watch it in Full HD. The host broadcast for Russia 2018, HBS, will have 37 cameras at each match, eight capable of dual UHD/HDR and 1080p/SDR output, and another eight delivering dual 1080p/HDR and 1080p/SDR output. There will also be eight super-slow-motion and two ultra-motion cameras, a cable-cam and a cineflex heli-cam, and some occasional 360-degree cameras to produce experimental content for VR headsets.
However, few countries around the world will use much of that; the UK doesn't have a broadcast infrastructure fit for 4K, so the BBC and ITV will both broadcast matches in 1080i. The BBC is putting some 4K HDR footage on its iPlayer service, which it's done before using the HLG (Hybrid Log-Gamma) HDR format. This will be limited to certain televisions, however.
Thanks to Fox Sports, US fans will be able to watch 36 matches on Fox, and 28 on FS1, all in 4K HDR, and extra channels for watching on phones and tablets including a a stat channel, cable-cam channel, and a tactical-camera channel. That's despite the US not having qualified for Russia 2018.
Russia 2018: refereeing and VAR infrastructure
As well as the record 32 participating teams, the World Cup in Russia will host 36 referees and 63 assistant referees, representing 46 different countries. Thirteen of those will act solely as Video Assistant Referees (VAR), with the controversial technology to be used for the first time at a World Cup in Russia . Already tested in a handful of games in England, Germany and Italy, it's now official that every match will have a VAR plus three assistants.
The vast majority of the fans in the stadium will have their smartphones at the ready. Warren Dumanski
Infrastructure-wise, it largely uses existing TV technology, with the extra match official sitting in the TV truck watching multiple slow-motion replays to help correct wrong decisions. VAR's scope is limited to correcting 'clear and obvious mistakes', such as goals, penalties, direct red cards and mistaken identity, but the delays it creates make it very likely that VAR will be hugely controversial.
It's all very easy to see what's going on when you're watching on TV, but VAR trials in the UK have resulted in very confused spectators. "The vast majority of the fans in the stadium will have their smartphones at the ready, looking to find out why that goal was disallowed, or what happened to get that player sent off," says Warren Dumanski, General Manager at telecom software company TEOCO .
"Unless the stadium's communications capacity is being actively managed and flexed to allow the live audience to keep track of developments on their mobile, the stadium audience will remain frustrated." So how good are Russia's mobile networks?
Russia 2018: mobile network infrastructure
World Cups require massive bandwidth. The 2014 World Cup final at Rio's Maracanã stadium in Brazil broke all records for data sent by fans at the ground, with SindiTelebrasil reporting that mobile phone networks in the vicinity handled the equivalent of 2.6 million photos.
Although there will be free WiFi around stadiums, fans shouldn't expect much bandwidth from Russia's four federal mobile networks when traveling around the country. "The Russian Federation was in the bottom 20 of 88 countries we analysed in 4G availability," says Kevin Fitchard, Lead Analyst at mobile analytics company OpenSignal , whose State of LTE report from February 2018 compared 4G performance in 88 countries. "Russia's average 4G download speed was 15.8 Mbps, a full megabit slower than the global LTE connection average of 16.9 Mbps." Compare that to the astonishing 40 Mbps average download speeds available in South Korea at the recent Winter Olympics.
Russia 2018: sports science infrastructure
Sports science infrastructure has been part of the game for a long time. All teams at the World Cup will use a FIFA-approved cameras-only platform called Electronic Performance & Tracking System (EPTS), with most teams adding Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMs) devices with GPS to the backs of players' shirts. These devices track players' movements, collecting close to 1,000 data points per second to track the 'load' and intensity of movements by players.
For matches, one pitch-side coach and one analyst in the stands each get a tablet. The tablets show display live footage, replays, and basic player metrics, with the MEMs devices delivering rich data on heart-rate response and micro-movements. "Take the Zlatan Ibrahimovic goal from 2006 when he dribbled past five players to score, he never really travelled that far at any particular pace but that doesn't mean the movement wasn't demanding as he twisted and turned so much to break through a number of the opposition to score," says Rob Heyworth, a Sports Scientist at Catapult Sports , which which provides MEMs devices and analysis to 10 World Cup teams, including Argentina and Sweden, to use in training.
"The only way to capture this unique movement is to use inertial sensors attached to the players which collect data in 3D, 100 times per second to give us a clear image of the amount of work a player has done."
MEMs is seens as critical in World Cup where matches are played with only a three or four day turnaround to control each player's 'load' (and, hence, their tiredness) and keep them injury-free.
Russia 2018: security and cybersecurity
In case you hadn't noticed, there's a kinda Cold War-esque political tension thing going on between Russia and 'The West'. There has also been some concern over fans' safety, but if the Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014 is anything to go by, security will be very tight. Fearing any kind of trouble – from rioting to terrorism – the Russian government has already banned drones near World Cup stadiums, and will close roads around controlled zones for fans. However, cybersecurity could still be an issue.
It's vitally important that attendees and players alike go to the games with a strong level of cyber-awareness. Caitlin Huey
However, there's more to worry about than physical security. “Cyber threats also pose a significant risk to the games and should be a keen focus for organisers, teams and attendees alike," says Caitlin Huey, Senior Threat Intelligence Analyst at EclecticIQ . Phishing, website defacement, targeted malware campaigns and rogue wireless networks are all expected (there were targeted campaigns at the 2014 World Cup), but individual fans also need to be aware.
"Cybercriminals may attempt to steal personally identifiable information, banking and credit card information, deface or disrupt a local government or event sponsors' web presence, and more," says Huey. "It's vitally important that attendees and players alike go to the games with a strong level of cyber-awareness, and practice cyber-security best practices including avoiding public or free WiFi, ignoring unsolicited emails and SMS messages, and enabling device encryption.”
Will Russia 2018 be the biggest World Cup ever? Yes, but not for long; by 2026 there will be 48 teams competing rather than the current 32 teams, with FIFA considering bringing that expansion forward to Qatar 2022 . Either way, for football fans Russia 2018's US$100 billion bills will be money well spent.
(Main image: chain45154, Getty Images)
TechRadar's World Cup coverage is brought to you in association with Honor.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner ran over and killed his 14-month-old great-grandson who had just started taking his first steps, as he pulled away from the family's home, an inquest heard.
Robert Dollimore was behind the wheel of an Isuzu when he was leaving after visiting and was unaware the baby had managed to get onto the driveway.
As he drove away he felt two bumps and immediately got out of the car and found the baby laying unconscious and seriously injured on the drive.
The inquest heard Mr Dollimore would not have known little Jacob was by the car and was in a blind spot meaning the driver could not have seen him as he started the journey.
Jacob was pronounced dead by paramedics who arrived at his parents home on September 13 last year.
(Photo: INS News Agency Ltd)
(Photo: INS News Agency Ltd)
A post mortem examination later concluded that nothing could have been done to save the little boy, regardless of how soon the ambulance arrived, because of the severity of his head injuries.
The boy's mother, 26-year-old Catherine Burden, who attended the inquest in a pink T-shirt and short-cropped pink hair, sobbed as the medical details were read out by pathologist Dr Nicholas Hunt.
Dr Hunt concluded little Jacob had suffered complex skull and facial fracturing which claimed his life almost instantly, and had also suffered bruising to his body.
"There would have been nothing that could have been done to save his life," Dr Hunt said. "There were injuries to his face and limbs caused by his contact with the pavement.
(Photo: INS News Agency Ltd)
"That would make his cause of death to be blunt head injuries."
Thames Valley Police investigating officer Police Constable Stephen Moffat, said: "This incident was reminiscent of incidents we see all the time, particularly with adults and with cars and lorries."
"What we have us a toddler who was walking, sitting or manoeuvring around in proximity to a large vehicle.
"Was it possible to lose sight of Jacob from the viewpoint of the driver's seat? Yes, of course it was.
(Photo: INS News Agency Ltd)
"It is not until you carry out this analysis that you realise how little of the road you can actually see once you are in the vehicle."
He described Jacob as a "young man who was swift on his feet", and said his great-grandfather would not have been aware of his presence as he was engaged in a conversation with his father prior to the crash.
Citing a police report examining the swiftness of 17-month old toddlers, three months older than little Jacob, PC Moffat said that children of that age would usually need between 12 and 30 seconds to travel the distance between his parents' front door and the car.
"You turn your back on them and they're gone," he added. "He would have been pushed over and the driver of the vehicle would have had no clue this was going on."
In a statement read out at the inquest, Mr Dollimore said: "I spoke to Ryan who was doing his work outside," He said. "I [then] got to my car and drove off.
(Photo: INS News Agency Ltd)
"I felt two bumps and I stopped the car. If I had seen anyone I would not have moved my car."
Mr Dollimore was arrested on suspicion of neglect and death by careless driving after the event last year, but was also released without charge. He did not attend the inquest in person.
Jacob's parents were also arrested on suspicion of neglecting a child on the day of Jacob's death, but were released from custody with no charge.
Senior Buckinghamshire coroner Crispin Butler recorded a verdict of death by road traffic accident.
He said: "I have sufficient facts from Stephen Moffat and the statements that have been read to conclude this inquest.
"This appears to be a low speed impact from an analysis and what we have heard from the post mortem examination.
"Jacob received immediately fatal head injuries at Long Hale, Pitstone shortly after 3pm on September 13 2016.
"The medical cause of death would have been blunt head injuries.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave man took matters into his own hands – literally – after trying for more than an hour to report his local park being littered with drug users' needles.
Lawrence Hoo was visiting a park in Bristol with his family, but discovered that not only was it covered with litter and discarded clothes around an overflowing rubbish bin, but a seating area was littered with used needles .
In a video posted to Facebook, Mr Hoo said he called the dedicated drugs clean up team from Bristol City Council for half an hour without success, while his partner was also on hold for 45 minutes trying to contact police, before she was redirected to another number which rang and rang.
So Mr Hoo went home, got some thick gloves, a sturdy carrier bag and returned to do the job himself, the Bristol Post reports.
The quick clean up was filmed and the video sparked outrage among his friends when he posted it on social media.
(Photo: Bristol Post)
(Photo: Bristol Post)
"I've come to clean this up, because it's something we can't leave in the park," he says to the camera.
"We used to have a proper parkie, Constance, and he was always around making sure it was safe.
"It's even worse and even more of a danger because it's half term now, and the kids are around all day. The police and the council know it's a hot spot for drug use so they should be doing sweeps of it regularly."
(Photo: Bristol Post)
(Photo: Bristol Post)
Mr Hoo added: "I was most shocked that I couldn't get through to the specific team that are tasked with cleaning up drugs stuff from parks. They are usually pretty good, but it was just continually ringing."
"The lad in the video actually ended up in hospital about six months ago from a puncture wound from a needle in the sandpit in the playpark, so this is important to me. I must have picked up around ten or 15 needles there.
"This is a growing problem, and we've been clearing it ourselves more and more, I just wanted to show the scale of the problem, and the fact that the council were not answering our calls."
Bristol Council have been approached for comment.
The price of supermarket hummus has leapt by 29 per cent since January 2017 due to a global chickpea shortage. A 310g pot of hummus costs £1.47 on average now, a year-on-year increase of 33 pence, according to analysis by the trade magazine The Grocer.
High demand
Chickpeas are in high demand but poor crop yields in some areas over the past year have driven down supply, one supplier explained.
“Chickpea prices have increased during 2017 and remain high,” Tasneem Backhouse, managing director of chickpea supplier EHL Ingredients, told The Grocer.
“Demand is strong from every market and currently there isn't enough supply to go around. This is driven by poor crops in some of the main producing origins over the past 12 months,” Ms Tasneem said.
Scarcity of lettuce
Britain is also facing a salad shortage after a cold snap in parts of southern Spain caused iceberg lettuce crops to fail. Some 1,000 hectares of land was lost with yields of iceberg lettuce, broccoli and artichokes down 25 per cent on 2016, according to The Grocer. Supermarkets including Tesco, Sainsbury's and Marks & Spencer briefly removed pots of hummus from their shelves last spring due to “taste issues”. After some customers complained of an unpleasant “metallic” tang, the supermarkets' supplier, Bakkavor, confirmed it notified the retailers it did business with to warn of a problem with its manufacturing process. Bakkavor refused to say what had caused the strange taste but stressed that there was no food safety issue. In 2017 consumers in the UK spent £181.7m on chilled dips, up from £143.8m in 2007, according to the consumer insight firm Kantar Worldpanel.
President Donald Trump has ignited a firestorm of criticism for a most unlikely reason. After having threatened North Korea with “fire and fury” for its nuclear program, Trump is now under attack for appearing too quick to accept Kim Jong-un's deceptive gesture of stopping his nuclear and missile nightmare.
The fact is that Kim ceased testing nuclear warheads late last year. That is, he ordered North Korea's sixth, most recent, test last September. That test, of a hydrogen bomb more powerful than any of the devices that North Korea had exploded in its first five nuclear tests, coincided with the annual meeting of the U.N. General Assembly at which Trump excoriated the North Korean leader, whom he was fond of calling “rocket man.”
Kim ordered a few more missile tests last year, including the long-range model that's capable of reaching the United States, but has basically sworn off the costly exercises while pursuing what would appear to be the path of peace. So when Kim made the seemingly sensational announcement of saying that he had suspended his nuclear and missile program, he was only confirming what had been completely obvious since January when he expressed his desire to send athletes and entertainers to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February.
Trump — in his eagerness to be the American president who forged the way to permanent peace on the Korean peninsula — has been taking all the credit for the success of his tough policies in bringing Kim around to giving up his nuclear program.
Trump has no trouble claiming that his tough-sounding statements as well as sanctions have put Kim in the position of having to beg for mercy — or at least accommodation with his enemies. In his latest tweets, he has been saying that he has actually reached an agreement with Kim on the end of his nuclear program.
Analysts in Washington, however, are almost unanimous in noting that Kim has said nothing of the kind. Rather, he has only expressed his “willingness” to talk about it.
In other words, if Trump and Kim do meet, they will still be at odds on whether North Korea has come to terms on CVID, the initials standing for “complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization.”
Far from agreeing on CVID, Kim is not thought to be at all willing simply to dismantle the nuclear facilities that he has enlarged in size and scope since his late father, Kim Jong-il, ordered the first few nuclear tests, beginning in October 2006, more than five years before he died in December 2011.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Just what Trump really thinks will become more clear after South Korea's President Moon Jae-in meets Kim for their historic summit in Panmunjom on Friday. Moon has offered total support for CVID, saying North Korea has got to be more willing to give up its nukes, as Kim promised Moon's emissaries after his younger sister gave Moon a personal letter from Kim at dinner in the Blue House after attending the opening of the Olympics.
Analysts in Washington are not certain how or if Moon will deal with the issue when he sees Kim face to face, but one thing is certain. Moon does not share Trump's illusion that North Korea has actually reached any agreement on abandoning the nuclear program on which Kim has staked his prestige before his own people and the rest of the world.
Commentators are warning Trump that he is deluding himself if he thinks he can walk into the summit with a deal already essentially agreed on. Trump may have got that notion from Mike Pompeo, the CIA director who flew to Pyongyang for a secret meeting with Kim from which Pompeo returned with the clear impression that Kim wanted to cooperate.
But can cooperation be so easy to obtain with Kim? The answer has got to be, almost certainly not, in the view of most analysts as well as government officials. The reality is the North Koreans have broken every agreement they have ever made with the United States and South Korea.
Most recently, Christopher Hill, a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea, got suckered into thinking the North Koreans had signed on to a schedule for stopping their nuclear program in 2007. Now Hill goes around saying the North Koreans “lied” to him. Gee, what else is new?
One senior official in particular will be on hand to try to save Trump from the embarrassment of falling for North Korea's nonsense. That's John Bolton, arch-conservative national security adviser, with a long record of criticism of the North.
Bolton, a former top State Department official and ambassador to the United Nations, is new on the the national security job. Widely criticized for his hawkish opinions, he's been largely silent in public, but he is sure to be informing Trump of the realities. There is no doubt that Bolton believes Trump should get up and leave the room if Kim shows no signs of giving up his nuclear program aside from expressing “willingness” to talk about it.
But is Trump listening to such advice?
The answer is yes and no. Much as Trump would love to carve a niche for himself in history and come back to Washington with the deal in his pocket, he is also saying he will cut short the conversation with Kim if it's going nowhere. So, as the author of “The Art of the Deal,” he is hedging his bets.
We won't know who wins the gamble until the two have done talking, however briefly, wherever or whenever they finally agree to meet for a summit that could still be a terrific success or a terrible catastrophe.
Donald Kirk has been a columnist for Korea Times, South China Morning Post many other newspaper and magazines. He wrote this for InsideSources.com.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in four families in the UK is headed by a single parent – but the travel industry hasn't quite caught up with this fact.
“I booked a holiday to Spain in December for my three-year-old and I," Kate Grice, 40, from Sheffield, told the Mirror.
"It's not easy to afford to go away so I booked early so I could pay off the cost in monthly instalments."
But despite her preparations, the size of the bill came as an incredibly unwelcome surprise.
“I was shocked that it cost £800 each. It seems totally unfair to charge a small child the same as an adult. I realised afterwards that it would have cost me half the price if I had taken an adult friend along as there would have been a free child place then."
What's going on
Family deals and packages are typically for a uniform two adults and two children. That type of deal is frequently not available to single parents though.
“How does that work out right? This pricing is a real blow to single parents as many simply can't afford it," Kate said.
"Children love holidays, surely they shouldn't be penalised because they don't have two parents.”
A double blow
(Image: EyeEm)
Many single parents have been hit hard by the welfare cuts and are already struggling to keep up with day-to-day living costs. So being slapped with even higher costs for holidays is a hard pill to swallow.
A recent survey by currency exchange firm FairFX revealed many single parents are paying more for holidays than if they were travelling in a couple, with costs for a package deal as much as £500 higher.
Many holiday companies have deals where children travel free with two adults. In contracts, single parents are forced to pay adult prices for their young children – child prices are only available when youngsters are sharing with two paying adults.
Faye Goldman, head of membership at Gingerbread, the charity that helps and supports single parents, said: “It's just plain wrong that single-parent families are excluded from holiday deals because of their family make-up. Holiday companies need to recognise that families come in all shapes and sizes.
“Until their pricing and deals reflect that, everyone loses out – the single parents and their kids are hit by unfair prices, and the holiday providers miss out on sales to many of the two million single-parent households in the UK.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What you can do to beat it
There are a small number of firms such as campsites or caravan parks in the UK offering holidays tailored to single parents.
These include Camp Mates , Acorn Family Holidays , Mango and Single With Kids . And others, such as Virgin Holidays , have developed a number of single-parent pricing offers, which ensure they aren't paying more for travelling solo with children.
But more companies need to wake up to the reality of today's family life and update their pricing to make holidays accessible and affordable to all.
Find more info and tips on holidaying as a single parent visit gingerbread.org.uk/information/holidays .
For Veterans, Trauma Of War Can Persist In Struggles With Sexual Intimacy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Much has been said about the physical and psychological injuries of war, like traumatic brain injury or post-traumatic stress disorder. But what we talk about less is how these conditions affect the sexual relationships of service members after they return from combat.
Since 2000, service members who were deployed received at least 138,000 diagnoses of PTSD. More than 350,000 have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury since 2000. Evidence suggests the numbers are actually higher because many don't seek treatment.
These conditions cause their own sexual side effects, such as emotional numbness, loss of libido and erectile dysfunction. And the long list of medications used to treat PTSD, TBI and other medical conditions can worsen those side effects.
'He would sleep for days'
Chuck and Liz Rotenberry of Baltimore struggled with their own challenges when Chuck returned from Afghanistan in 2011. He's a former Marine gunnery sergeant who trained military working dogs. He left active duty in 2012.
For Liz and Chuck, sex had never been a problem. They've been married for 14 years and they're still very much in love. Liz says she fell for Chuck in high school. He was that guy who could always make her laugh, who always had a one-liner ready and never seemed sad.
But when Chuck returned from Afghanistan, their relationship would soon face its greatest challenge. Baby No. 4 was just two weeks away; for sure, it was a chaotic time. But Liz noticed pretty quickly, something was terribly wrong with her husband.
"I wouldn't be able to find him in the house and he wouldn't be outside, and I'd find him in a separate bedroom just crying," Liz says. "He would sleep for days. He would have a hoodie on and be just tucked away in the bed, and he wouldn't be able to get out of bed. He would have migraines that were so debilitating that it kept him in the bed."
When Chuck was in Afghanistan, an IED — improvised explosive device — exploded 3 feet behind him. Shrapnel lodged into his neck and back.
It would take three years for someone at the Department of Veterans Affairs to explicitly lay out for Liz that Chuck had developed severe post-traumatic stress and suffered a traumatic brain injury — and that she would need to be his caregiver.
The Marine self-image
During that three-year period, there were times Chuck estimates he was taking 15 to 16 different medications twice a day.
Sex was usually the furthest thing from his mind.
"I didn't think about it. I wanted to be with Liz, I wanted to be near her," he says. "When the desire was there, it was unique. It was rare, as opposed to the way it was before. And a lot of times, with the mountains of medication I was on, you know, in my head [it was] all systems go, but that message didn't go anywhere else."
Liz noticed that Chuck stopped initiating physical affection.
"The thought of him reaching out to me to give me a hug wasn't existent. It was like I had to give him the hug. I now had to step in and show him love," she says.
Sometimes months would go by before they would have sex.
"It started off as being pretty embarrassing, pretty emasculating," Chuck says. "It was like, 'Really? This too doesn't work?' You blame it on, 'Oh, it's just the medication,' or 'You're tired,' or whatever initially, and you don't realize it's stress or my brain just doesn't work like it used to."
Liz and Chuck had never really talked about sex in any serious way before. So they kept avoiding the conversation — until this year. That's when Chuck finally asked his primary care provider for help. The doctor prescribed four doses of Viagra a month. Liz and Chuck say the medication has improved things substantially — though they joke about how few doses the VA allots them every month.
But asking for just those four doses took Chuck three or four visits to the doctor before he could work up the nerve. He says it can be especially hard for a Marine to admit he's having problems with sex because it contradicts a self-image so many Marines have.
"You know, as a Marine, you can do anything. You believe you can do anything, you've been trained to do nearly anything," he says. "You're physically fit. You're mentally sound. Those are just the basics about being a Marine."
If he has any advice for a Marine going through the same thing he and his wife are facing, he says you need to talk about it. Bring it up with your spouse. Bring it up with your doctors.
"Marines always jokingly hand out straws. You got to suck it up. You got to do what you need to do to get it done," Chuck says. "It's just a different mission. ... Don't let your pride ruin what you worked so hard for."
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Henrikh Mkhitaryan believes 20-time champions Manchester United are finally ready to challenge for the title again.
The Armenian provided two assists in United's emphatic 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
United's last title triumph came in Sir Alex Ferguson's final season in 2013, since when they have finished seventh, fourth, fifth and sixth in the table.
But United looks a different proposition this season, with Mkhitaryan confident they can take aim at winning the league.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“We made a good start to the season,” said Mkhitaryan. “Now we have to keep going.
“As a club, you're going to have ups and downs. I think the last few years was a little bit down for the club but, since last year and this year, I hope it's going to be up for the club.
“We'll do our best to bring the club to the level it was at before. It's always hard, but we'll try to do our best.”
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Romelu Lukaku scored twice on his Premier League debut for the Red Devils as they put the Hammers to the sword.
On United's new No.9, Mkhitaryan said: “It's his job to score goals. It doesn't matter how you score. The important thing is to score goals. He is going to score goals and he is going to help us.”
(Image: AFP)
Lukaku may have scored twice on his debut, but United's most influential player was arguably another summer signing, Nemanja Matic, who joined from Chelsea for £35m rising to £40m.
Matic was pivotal to United's win and Mkhitaryan echoed boss Mourinho by admitting he was surprised Chelsea let a player of his calibre leave to join a title rival.
“Actually I am [surprised],” said Mkhitaryan. “But I'm very happy that we've got him.”
* Saudi non-oil industrials up before deputy crown prince speaks
* Kuwait's Warba Bank climbs on Q1 results
* Top UAE property developers rise ahead of earnings
* Qatar worst performer; regional funds bearish, poll finds
* Egypt follows emerging markets higher
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, May 2 Shares in petrochemical giant Saudi Basic Industries (SABIC) fell on Tuesday after the company reported first-quarter results, while most equities in the Gulf were sluggish as oil prices traded near five-week lows. Egypt followed emerging markets higher.
SABIC posted a first-quarter net profit of 5.24 billion riyals ($1.40 billion), up 80 percent from the same period last year and broadly in line with analysts' average forecast of 5.35 billion riyals.
Analysts at NCB Capital said in a note that profits rose because of higher petrochemical margins due to an increase in product spreads, as well as higher fertiliser margins due to stronger urea prices.
"Higher operational efficiency, strong balance sheet and an attractive dividend yield of 5 percent are the key strengths of the stock. The stock is trading at a forward 2017 price-to-earnings ratio of 15.6 times, lower than the sector average of 16.6 times," NCB Capital said.
Nevertheless, SABIC shares fell 0.8 percent after three days of strong gains in anticipation of the earnings announcement. The Saudi stock index closed 0.1 percent higher.
Some investors took positions in non-oil industrial companies ahead of a Saudi television interview with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, which television executives said would be broadcast later in the day.
Prince Mohammed was expected to discuss government plans to expand housing and industrial projects in the kingdom as part of economic reforms.
Emaar the Economic City (EEC) jumped 4.6 percent in its heaviest trade since late March; the company is developing a huge industrial zone including residential space. Saudi Automotive Services, which could benefit from the government's desire to create a domestic auto industry, climbed 3.9 percent in its heaviest trade since early January.
Saudi Telecom rose 0.7 percent after it applied to become the third mobile operator in Oman. On Tuesday Kuwait's Zain Group submitted a bid for the licence. A shortlist of applicants will be announced on Aug. 14 with the winner revealed on Sept. 4, the companies said. Zain's shares in Kuwait, however fell 2.3 percent.
Warba Bank rose 1.6 percent after the Kuwaiti lender's first-quarter net income almost quadrupled from a year earlier to 1.3 million dinars ($4.3 million). Kuwait's stock index, however, fell 0.5 percent.
Dubai's index edged down 0.1 percent as some of the previous session's top performers fell on profit-taking. Healthcare and education investment company Amanat Holdings lost 0.9 percent after its 4.5 percent surge on Monday. Builder Arabtec, the most heavily traded stock of the day, dropped 1.8 percent.
Emaar Properties, which was expected to report first-quarter earnings after the close, rose 1.2 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, Aldar Properties, which was also expected to report earnings imminently, jumped 2.8 percent while the index slipped 0.1 percent.
Qatar's index dropped 1.2 percent to a fresh 20-week low as three-quarters of blue-chip shares declined. The largest listed lender by assets in the Gulf, Qatar National Bank , fell 2.5 percent.
A Reuters survey this week showed that regional funds had turned moderately negative on balance towards Qatari shares, citing relatively high valuations and unexciting first-quarter earnings.
QNB, for example, is trading at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 9.9 times while its regional peers are around 8.8 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The index in Egypt, which was closed on Monday, rose 0.8 percent. Shares which are constituents of international emerging market benchmarks advanced with real estate investor Talaat Mostafa Group adding 1.1 percent and Commercial International Bank up 0.6 percent.
TUESDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index added 0.1 percent to 7,013 points.
DUBAI
* The index edged down 0.1 percent to 3,437 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index slipped 0.1 percent to 4,553 points.
QATAR
* The index dropped 1.2 percent to 9,993 points.
EGYPT
* The index added 0.8 percent to 12,530 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.5 percent to 6,759 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index added 0.2 percent to 1,338 points.
OMAN
* The index lost 0.3 percent to 5,510 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia)
IRON RIVER—The Iron River Bible Church will host a hunting banquet from 6-8 p.m. on Saturday, Dec. 9.
The camp-style banquet is free to the public. There will also be door prizes and stories of the hunt. Les Ollila will be the speaker. For more information, call 265-3977.
New Delhi: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday declared that 39 Indians, who were missing in Iraq's Mosul since 2014, are dead. ''Out of the 40 who were kidnapped, one person managed to escape, and others were confirmed dead after DNA samples were matched from bodies exhumed from a mound, '' EAM Swaraj said in Rajya Sabha.
Swaraj had earlier refused to declare them dead without concrete proof, saying this would be amounted to "committing a sin".
"Declaring anyone dead without proof is a sin and I won't commit a sin," Swaraj had said in the Lok Sabha, responding to allegations that she was "misleading the house" on whether the Indians were alive.
Sushma Swaraj had then asserted that it was the government's duty to keep looking for the Indians, given that so far, "there are no bodies, no bloodstains, no list, no ISIS videos."
The group of Indian labourers, mostly from Punjab, was taken hostage by ISIS when it overran Iraq's second largest city Mosul in 2014. The workers were trying to leave Mosul when they were intercepted.
Air quality experts from the University of Surrey are calling on private businesses to help the Middle East and North African (MENA) region reduce harmful emissions after conducting a comprehensive review on air pollution.
The advice comes after their study was published in the Atmospheric Environment journal this week. The study, conducted by researchers from the Global Centre for Clean Air Research (GCARE) at the University of Surrey, found that private businesses were more likely to succeed at implementing initiatives that reduce pollution than government agencies in the region, and therefore should be encouraged to take the lead.
The report highlights examples of businesses that are now using technologies that contribute to the reduction of pollution - from the oil and gas sector that employ carbon capture and storage technologies, to lead smelting companies who moved their factories out of populated areas in Cairo to reduce the impact on people.
The team from Surrey also recommend that that MENA countries shift financial focus from the heavily subsidised, fossil fuel-intensive energy sector to improving public transport infrastructure to include greener solutions. Such a shift is expected to result in emission reduction because the energy sector accounts for 38 per cent of CO2 emissions, followed by the transport sector at 25 per cent. The team also believes that MENA nations need to adopt a more integrated approach that takes into account the impacts of energy production and water management on air pollution.
Professor Prashant Kumar, Founding Director of the GCARE at the University of Surrey, said: "Emissions in the Middle East and North Africa are responsible for 4.5 per cent of global greenhouse emissions and the effects of climate change are already being felt within the area. Not to mention, the existence of densely populated cities on coastal areas that would directly suffer from sea level rise - a direct impact of climate change.
"Our review has shown that private businesses in the MENA region have been successful in leading initiatives that reduce emissions - for example, SaudiAramco is successfully supporting national emission monitoring in Saudi Arabia. It would be a good initiative to encourage companies to lead such emission reduction efforts in the future."
Around 355 million people suffer the dire consequences of air pollution caused by living in the overpopulated cities of the MENA region. In 2012, around 125,000 people died due to diseases caused by pollution in the region. These deaths led to a loss of more than $9billion of annual labour income in 2013, amounting to welfare losses of around 2.2 per cent of GDP.
Professor Kumar added: "It is not feasible to ask this resource-constrained region to step away from the energy sector, but a focus on improving public transport infrastructure, together with encouraging businesses to implement emission control measures could go a long way in reducing the deadly impacts of pollution on the public health."
###
Imagine having superhuman hearing. You're at a noisy, cocktail party and yet your ears can detect normally inaudible sounds made by your friends' muscles as they lean in to dish the latest gossip. But, unlike normal hearing, each of these sounds causes your ears to react in the same way. There is no difference between the quietest and loudest movements. To your superhuman ears, they all sound loud, like honking horns. According to a study funded by the National Institutes of Health, that may be how a shark's electrosensing organ reacts when it detects teensy, tiny electrical fields emanating from nearby prey.
"Sharks have this incredible ability to pick up nanoscopic currents while swimming through a blizzard of electric noise. Our results suggest that a shark's electrosensing organ is tuned to react to any of these changes in a sudden, all-or-none manner, as if to say, 'attack now,'" said David Julius, Ph.D., professor and chair of physiology at the University of California, San Francisco and senior author of the study published in Nature. His team studies the cells and molecules behind pain and other sensations. For instance, their results have helped scientists understand why chili peppers feel hot and menthol cool.
Led by post-docs Nicholas W. Bellono, Ph.D. and Duncan B. Leitch, Ph.D., Dr. Julius' team showed that the shark's responses may be very different from the way the same organ reacts in skates, the flat, winged, evolutionary cousins of sharks and sting rays, and this may help explain why sharks appear to use electric fields strictly to locate prey while skates use them to find food, friends, and mates. They also showed how genes that encode for proteins called ion channels may control the shark's unique "sixth sense."
"Ion channels essentially make the nervous system tick. They play a major role in controlling how information flows through a nervous system. Mutations in ion channels can be devastating and have been linked to a variety of disorders, including cystic fibrosis and some forms of epilepsy, migraines, paralysis, blindness and deafness," said Nina Schor, M.D., Ph.D., deputy director at NIH's National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. "Studies like this highlight the role a single ion channel can play in any nervous system, shark, skate, or human."
In both sea creatures, networks of organs, called ampullae of Lorenzini, constantly survey the electric fields they swim through. Electricity enters the organs through pores that surround the animals' mouths and form intricate patterns on the bottom of their snouts. Once inside, it is carried via a special gel through a grapevine of canals, ending in bunches of spherical cells that can sense the fields, called electroreceptors. Finally, the cells relay this information onto the nervous system by releasing packets of chemical messengers, called neurotransmitters, into communication points, or synapses, made with neighboring neurons.
For decades scientists knew that minute changes in electric fields stimulated a graded range of wavy currents in skate cells, much like the way our ears react to sounds. Larger fields stimulated bigger currents while smaller fields induced smaller responses. And, last year, Drs. Bellono and Leitch showed how genes for proteins called ion channels controlled the responses. But few had looked at how shark cells had reacted.
In this study, the team compared currents recorded from little skate electroreceptor cells with those from the chain catshark. They found that although both cells were sensitive to the same narrow range of voltage zaps, the responses were very different. Shark currents were much bigger than skate currents and they were the same size and waviness for each zap. In contrast, the skate cells responded with currents that varied in both size and waviness to each zap.
Further experiments suggested that these contrasting responses may be due to different ion channels genes, which encode proteins that form tunnels in a cell's membrane, or skin. When activated the tunnels open and create electrical currents by allowing ions, or charged molecules, to flow in and out of the cell.
Drs. Bellono and Leitch showed that while both shark and skate electroceptors may have used the same type of voltage sensitive, calcium conducting ion channels to sense the zaps, they appeared to use very different types of potassium conducting ion channels to shape the responses. Their results suggested that shark cells used a special voltage activated channel that supported large repetitive responses while the skate cells used a calcium activated channel that tended to dampen the initial currents.
In addition, they suggested that the voltages at which the cells electrically rested may also have contributed to the responses. The shark's voltage was slightly lower than the skate's and in a range that could have primed the calcium ion channels to respond with stronger currents.
These differences also affected how the electroreceptors relayed information to the rest of the nervous system. The results suggested that shark electroreceptors basically released the same number of neurotransmitter packets, regardless of the size of the voltage zaps. In contrast, bigger zaps caused skate cells to send more messages and smaller zaps less.
"In almost every way, the shark electrosensory system looks like the skate's and so we expected the shark cells to respond in a graded manner," said Dr. Bellono. "We were very surprised when we found that the shark system reacts completely differently to stimuli."
Ultimately, these differences affected how sharks and skates reacted to electric fields that mimicked those produced by prey. To test this, the researchers exposed sharks and skates swimming alone in tanks to a wide range of low voltage electric field frequencies and then measured their breathing rates. As anticipated, the skates had a variety of reactions. Some frequencies caused their breathing rates to rise above rest while others produced minimal changes. The results may help explain why a previous study found that skates may use their electrosensory perceptions to detect both prey and mates.
And the sharks? They basically had one simple reaction. Almost every field raised their breathing rates to a level seen when they smelled food, suggesting their system is tuned for one thing: catching prey.
So why, did a pain and chili pepper researcher decide to study sharks?
"In short, it's cool!" said Dr. Julius. "We're on a mission to understand how the nervous system controls pain and other sensations. Sharks and skates have a unique sensory system that detects electrical fields. Although humans do not share this experience, you can learn a lot from studying unique, or extreme, systems in nature. It's also a captivating way to learn about how evolution shapes the senses."
###
Article:
Bellono, N.W., Leitch, D.B., and Julius, D.; Molecular tuning of electroreception in sharks and skates, May 30, 2018, Nature; DOI: 10.1038/s41586-018-0160-9
This study was supported by grants from the NIH (NS055299, NS105038, DC016658, DK115879, HL007731).
For more information: http://www. ninds. nih. gov
NINDS is the nation's leading funder of research on the brain and nervous system. The mission of NINDS is to seek fundamental knowledge about the brain and nervous system and to use that knowledge to reduce the burden of neurological disease.
About the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (NIDCD): The NIDCD supports and conducts research and research training on the normal and disordered processes of hearing, balance, taste, smell, voice, speech, and language and provides health information, based upon scientific discovery, to the public.
The National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), part of the NIH, conducts and supports basic and clinical research and research training on some of the most common, severe, and disabling conditions affecting Americans. The Institute's research interests include: diabetes and other endocrine and metabolic diseases; digestive diseases, nutrition, and obesity; and kidney, urologic, and hematologic diseases. For more information, visit http://www. niddk. nih. gov .
Part of the National Institutes of Health, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) plans, conducts, and supports research related to the causes, prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of heart, blood vessel, lung, and blood diseases; and sleep disorders. The Institute also administers national health education campaigns on women and heart disease, healthy weight for children, and other topics. NHLBI press releases and other materials are available online at http://www. nhlbi. nih. gov .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two have-a-go heroes tackled an armed robber to the ground as he tried to escape from a pharmacy.
Dramatic CCTV footage captures the moment the two customers took matters into their own hands and managed to wrestle the robber to the floor.
The suspect, named by police as 47-year-old Burleigh Waters, went behind the counter of a pharmacy in Southport, Queensland, Australia, and claimed he had a firearm.
Police said he made threats to use the gun and started filling a bag with medication, 7 News reports.
(Image: 7 News)
(Image: 7 News)
But as the suspect tried to escape, the two heroes tackled him and restrained him before he could exit the pharmacy.
In the footage, merchandise is knocked over in the scuffle as the men stop the man from leaving.
A third customer joins them in pinning him down until police arrive.
One of the men suffered a broken knuckle in an attempt to detain the robber.
Waters was arrested and was due in court today.
Patrick Reed found himself in a difficult situation during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational on Sunday.
Reed's ball came to rest in a peculiar spot with some tower cables and a tree right next to it. After consulting with a Tour official over if he could get relief, the official determined that, no, he would not be entitled to relief. This prompted Reed to throw his Ryder Cup buddy Jordan Spieth under a bus saying, “I guess my name needs to be Jordan Spieth guys.”
Thank God, the PGA Tour is now allowing fans to film with their phones so we get videos like this, otherwise we'd never know.
Reed eventually said he wanted a third opinion from a “unbiased source.”
No word on if he got a chance to talk to an unbiased source.
A Look At How Right-Leaning And Left-Leaning Media Impacted The GOP Memo Release Conservative media helped set the stage for Friday's controversial release of a memo from the House Intelligence Committee that claims FBI bias against President Trump. Outlets, including Breitbart News and Fox News, played a role with their coverage.
EISD raises lunch prices
Students from preschool through high school will experience a dime rate hike in lunch prices, starting with the new school year. Sodexo, who prepares and serves all meals at Ennis Independent School District campuses, had the price increase approved by the school board. Early Childhood, elementary and intermediate schools, now $2.35, previously charged $2.25 for the standard meal, while junior and senior highers, now slated for $2.60, paid $2.50 per person. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
Listening to the oral argument before the Supreme Court in the wedding cake case, it struck me how artificial the discussion was. Much of it centered on whether and under what circumstances cakes are speech. Bizarre.
I don't blame the advocates or the current Justices for the content of the argument. They must be mindful of Supreme Court precedents whether or not, as a practical matter, they fit this case well.
But the wedding cake case isn't really about free speech. It is about free exercise of religious conscience. After all, the Colorado baker refused to create a custom cake for the gay couple because doing so is incompatible with the dictates of his religion.
To be more specific, I think the case is about balancing freedom of religious conscience against the rights of gays who want the kind of marriage ceremonies non-gay couples frequently enjoy. I suggested so in this post from a couple of years ago. Ross Douthat made basically the same argument in yesterday's New York Times.
In my view, the best way to perform this balancing is through the concept of reasonable accommodation. The concept comes from Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which makes it unlawful discrimination not to accommodate the sincerely held religious beliefs and practices of employees unless accommodating them would result in “undue hardship” to the employer.
Thus, for example, in the absence of “undue hardship” to the employer, a Jew whose religion requires him not to work during multiple days in September-October must be given those days off and a strict Sabbath observer must be granted relief from shifts that interfere with observance.
An absolute requirement that bakers create custom made wedding cakes for gay couples in violation of their religious conscience violates the principle of reasonable accommodation. It requires the baker (or photographer or caterer) to choose between adhering to his religious belief and making a living in his chosen profession.
A decent respect for the First Amendment should lead courts to reject this outcome when it is possible to do and still uphold fairness for gays and gay couples. If questions like the one that arises in the Colorado wedding cake case are to be anything other than a raw power struggle, they should be resolved based on balancing the competing equities that arise from religious freedom and gay rights. The concepts of reasonable accommodation and undue hardship provide the best framework for such balancing.
In most cases, no undue hardship will attach if a gay couple has to use a baker or a wedding photographer who doesn't think the ceremony violates God's will. Freedom of religious conscience will be accommodated and the couple will get cakes and photographs of the same or better quality.
Chris Trotter writes:
So completely does Trump dominate the global news cycle that, even here, at the bottom of the world, political experts have begun speculating as to whether New Zealanders might be in line for an Antipodean version of “The Donald”. Others object that the Americans have, as usual, come late to the party. New Zealanders, they insist, have had their very own populist political leader for nigh-on a quarter-century. His name? Winston Peters. But identifying Peters as the New Zealand Trump merely pushes the question back one space. Instead of asking: Does NZ have its own Donald Trump? The question now becomes: Can Peters replicate Trump's extraordinary success? The short answer is: No. Trumpism could only be established in New Zealand by a politician drawn from the ranks of one of the major parties. Such a person would then have to take his or her party by storm: over-ruling and over-powering its existing power structures with the assistance of fanatical supporters drawn from both within and without the party.
Winston Peters is no Trump, he's far smarter than Donald Trump for a start.
So if not Winston then who?
Labour's rules make such a political eruption much more achievable than National's, but the absence of a Trump-like figure in its caucus makes one much less likely. National, on the other hand, has Judith Collins who, given the right conditions (and they would have to be very far-right conditions) could place herself at the head of a populist putsch – but only if her caucus colleagues believed themselves to have no other option.
Bill English couldn't inspire a dropped pie. Labour are too busy fighting themselves and have a talent pool shallower than a car park puddle at Alice Springs in summer.I think Trotter is being very unkind to Judith Collins to call her far-right. I wonder if Trotter knows she used to be a Labour party member? He might like to ask her why she left the Labour party. The answer might surprise him.
What, then, are the economic and social forces currently influencing New Zealand society that could enable Peters and NZ First to give the forthcoming general election a populist tinge? Essentially, they are the same forces that drove the United States into the arms of Donald Trump: fear of the “other”, and the hollowing out of the heartland. The ethnic composition of the New Zealand population has changed so dramatically since the mid-1980s that native-born New Zealanders no longer regard their social and economic ascendancy as unassailable. Although Peters has yet to give unapologetic voice to these racial anxieties, their potential to deliver the coup de grace to an already faltering bi-partisan consensus on population policy is undeniable.
Trotter is onto something there, the provinces aren't happy with National. They are conservative and they see National as Labour-lite. They will deliver a potential extra 5% to Winston Peters.
What populist worthy of the name could have viewed the shocking video footage of an angry young Maori woman abusing a pair of young Muslim women stretching their legs at Huntly and not drawn the all-too-obvious conclusions about the volatility of race-relations in contemporary New Zealand? It is, moreover, very likely that the young Maori woman's anger was fuelled by more than racial animus. It's highly probable that envy was also a factor.
I'd say race or envy has nothing to do with it. More likely she was fueled by meth and booze. Occam's Razor suggests that as the real reason for the feral behaviour. It was Huntly after all.
For those whose lack of education and skills keeps them trapped in declining provincial communities, the presence, however fleeting, of young professionals from metropolitan New Zealand can only remind them of all the things they seek but cannot find: employment, income, accommodation, mobility, freedom … and a future. It is a potent political cocktail just waiting to be mixed.
Except those people can't even be bothered to vote…and if it's raining on polling day…well…
Take, ‘Immigrants willing to work for ridiculously low wages preventing ordinary Kiwis from accessing well-paying jobs'. Add, ‘Big cities – particularly Auckland – sucking up the nation's scarce resources and leaving New Zealand's provincial heartland starved of everything from decent roads and railways to policemen able to respond when called'. Shake vigorously and decant into the nearest polling-booth.
This is bullshit, with respect Chris. We have a minimum wage law so immigrants can't work for ridiculously low wages. What they do do though is…work. We have an indigent class of people who are simply too lazy to work and they're rewarded by a generous set of what they describe as “entitlements” from the welfare state. Many immigrants come from countries where there is no welfare and so have a work ethic that far exceeds some of our bludgers.
Peters delivered the latter ingredient straight to the voters of Northland in March 2015. Mixed with the former, and garnished with the bitter fruit of homelessness and poverty, he would have a political cocktail of unprecedented potency. The only question that remains is: will Peters mix it? Is our political culture as irredeemably divided as America's? Are our core institutions as bereft of competent defenders? Is Winston Peters as blinded by ignorance and narcissistic self-regard as President Trump? Personally, I do not think so. If the drumbeat is Peters, Peters, Peters – it's unlikely to accompany our collective march to the scaffold.
Winston Peters is perhaps New Zealand's most consummate politician. Sure, he's a trougher and he's got more positions on any issue than the Kama Sutra, but the fact he keeps getting elected election after election says that he deserves his place in the parliament.
– Bowalley Road
The five English clubs who created history by qualifying for the Champions League knockout stages will learn their fate when the draw for the last 16 is held in Nyon, Switzerland, this morning.
Manchester City, Manchester United, Liverpool, Tottenham and Chelsea all qualified from their respective groups, making England the first country to have five teams in the competition's last 16.
Chelsea faces a daunting tie, with Paris St Germain, Barcelona and Besiktas their only possible opponents when the draw is made at UEFA's headquarters at 11am GMT.
The Blues finished second behind Roma in their group and along with the Serie A side, they are also ineligible to face their Premier League rivals.
The two Manchester clubs, Liverpool and Tottenham all finished top of their groups, meaning Chelsea can only be paired with either the French or Turkish champions, or the current LaLiga leaders.
Chelsea did not qualify for last season's Champions League but their interest in the competition was ended by PSG in the previous two editions, although they eliminated Barça en route to the 2012 title in the last meeting between the teams.
For the four remaining English clubs, five-time champions Bayern Munich and last year's runners-up Juventus are stand-out dangers, while reigning champions Real Madrid are potential foes for United, City and Liverpool.
Tottenham surprisingly finished ahead of the 12-time champions in the group en route to qualifying for the knockout stages for only the third time in their history, meaning they avoid Zinedine Zidane's men for the time being.
Real defeated United in the European Super Cup earlier this year and have knocked the Red Devils out of the Champions League on three occasions since the turn of the century.
Liverpool overcame Real in the 1981 European Cup final and memorably defeated them 5-0 on aggregate in the last 16 eight years ago. City are winless in their four meetings with Spain's capital club in the last five years.
Basel, runners-up to United, Sevilla, second in their group to Liverpool, Shakhtar Donetsk, who qualified alongside City in their pool, and Porto will be viewed as kinder draws.
PSG - bolstered by an enviable attacking trio of Neymar, Edinson Cavani and Kylian Mbappe - are currently favourites with bookmakers to go all the way in the Champions League for the first time.
They could be paired alongside Real - third favourites behind Manchester City - in what would be indisputably the tie of the round.
The draw for the last 32 of the Europa League will be conducted an hour later, and Arsenal, the only remaining English team in the competition, could face Scottish champions Celtic.
Arsene Wenger's men will be seeded after finishing as one of 12 group winners and will therefore avoid the likes of AC Milan, Villarreal and Zenit St Petersburg.
They will also be kept away from CSKA Moscow, Atletico Madrid, RB Leipzig and Sporting Lisbon, the four best third-placed teams in the Champions League group stages.
Because Celtic won only won one Champions League game, they join Napoli, Spartak Moscow and Borussia Dortmund as the unseeded teams.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you thought the sub-zero weather conditions were going to revert back to default dreary Britain mode tonight, then you were wrong.
Forecasters are warning people of ice forming on Monday night into the morning, with temperatures set to reach as low as -4C.
The yellow warning issued by the Met Office will carry on until 11am on Tuesday (December 12) morning.
This means there will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
It will be cold, with maximum temperatures of 1 to 6C, 9 to 10C across the southern coast of Ireland and south-west England with the chance of more snow falling on higher ground.
The outlook for the rest of the working week is for less-cold spells with rain or showers but still feeling chilly in a brisk wind.
14 essentials you need to have in your car when you're driving in snow
Highways England's National Winter and Severe Weather Team Leader, Paul Furlong, said: "We will be working around the clock to keep our roads open and free from disruption.
"Drivers are encouraged to drive to the conditions and reduce their speed as appropriate and should plan their journeys, monitor weather reports and pack a snow kit of blankets, food, water and a shovel as well as any essentials such as medication."
(Image: The weather Company)
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said: "The next area of low pressure will affect southern regions into Monday, with the risk of snow across southern England.
"Remaining cold to start the week in the northerly wind. However from Tuesday onwards it will turn wetter and windier as low pressure systems arrive from the north-west, with temperatures nearing normal by Wednesday."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Overweight or obese women are up to 38% more likely to give birth to babies with major defects.
A study of more than a million babies born to single mums also revealed the risk rises the more a mum is overweight.
Heart defects were most likely, then defects of the genitals, limbs, urinary system, digestive system and nervous system.
The Karolinska Institute in Sweden said its survey underlined the importance of “having a maternal BMI in the normal range before pregnancy.”
Researchers urged women to shed excess pounds before conception and defined a safe body mass index as 18.5 to 24.
Three in five British women are currently overweight or obese.
Apple has expressed willingness to increase local value addition over time, but has stuck to its demand for immediate import tax relief to expand its iPhone manufacturing. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Apple Inc. has asked India to defer a planned increase in import taxes on mobile phone parts so it can expand its iPhone manufacturing in the country, but the government is unlikely to accede, people familiar with the matter said.
The US technology giant has been in talks with Indian officials for months, seeking “pre-requisites” - government tax breaks and incentives — for expanding its operations in one of the world's fastest-growing smartphone markets.
During those talks, Apple has conveyed it wants India to defer an existing policy that plans to levy taxes on more imported mobile components in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's “Make in India” drive to boost domestic manufacturing.
While India's government has been keen to get Apple to manufacture in India as a showpiece investment, it has told the US firm there would be no policy exemptions, so there will be no tax breaks on parts imports, the people said.
“Apple wants duty-free imports of components. India wants indigenization,” said one person with direct knowledge of the talks.
Apple has expressed willingness to increase local value addition over time, but has stuck to its demand for immediate import tax relief to expand its iPhone manufacturing, the person added.
Apple declined to comment, and there was no response from either Modi's office or the ministry of electronics and information technology, which is trying to help build an electronics manufacturing base.
The disagreement could be a stumbling block, and risks delaying Apple's plans to penetrate the Indian market, where it currently just assembles its iPhone SE model.
Despite a boom in smartphone sales in India, Apple's market share is only around 2%.
Apple has demanded the tax relief as India still lacks an ideal ecosystem for parts makers to thrive. Counterpoint Research data shows that while more than three-quarters of smartphones sold in India are made locally, about 90% of the $14 billion worth of mobile components are imported.
To change that scenario, India imposes a 10% tax on imported components such as batteries, chargers and headsets.
Under a “phased manufacturing programme” (PMP), the government plans to extend the taxes to more components as a way of nudging parts makers to switch to more local production.
“It's been a chicken-and-egg problem for component suppliers whether to set up manufacturing operations in India,” said Neil Shah, a director at Counterpoint. “Apple and its partners will eventually have to comply, otherwise Apple will always price its products at a premium.”
A previously unreported note prepared by India's IT ministry assessing Apple's demands showed the company sought an exemption from PMP, which the ministry said “may not be feasible”.
Some of Apple's other demands — including capital equipment incentives as well as allowing importing and then exporting phones after repairs — would require policy changes, according to the note.
While the government has publicly said it is still considering Apple's demands, the people familiar with the talks said it has made clear it won't make any special concessions.
“We have told them, please come and invest but we cannot do things that go beyond our policies. We cannot do things only for you,” said one senior government official with direct knowledge of the matter. “They are coming around (to our view).”
Apple has said it would be able to create 5,000-10,000 jobs in India as and when it expands there, the official said. Reuters
Lance Cpl. Kai Wendland, a combat engineer with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, pours a beverage at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:22 Photo ID: 3083020 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-417 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 11.19 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Tuesday his choice to lead Veterans Affairs would soon make a decision on whether to withdraw after the emergence of late-surfacing allegations about inappropriate behavior on the job and overprescribing prescription drugs. “It's totally his decision,” Trump said.
Trump said during a joint news conference at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron that he would “stand behind” Dr. Ronny Jackson to become his VA secretary, calling him “one of the finest people that I have met.” But he questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which he characterized as unfair.
“I told Adm. Jackson just a little while ago, I said, ‘What do you need this for?' This is a vicious group of people that malign and they do and I lived through it,” Trump said. “I said, ‘What do you need it for?' He's an admiral, he's a great leader. And they question him about every little thing.”
Trump said he didn't want to put Jackson through “a process like this — it's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.” Trump added, “I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?”
Jackson's hearing had been set for Wednesday at the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee but was indefinitely postponed amid the allegations.
“We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation,” said the chairman, Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.), and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana. “We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
The toy catalogue move is part of Amazon's push to incorporate traditional retailers' tools into its business model. Photo: Reuters
New York: Amazon.com Inc. is looking more and more like a traditional retailer.
In a drive to win the business up for grabs after the demise of Toys “R” Us Inc., the online giant is going conventional with plans to publish a holiday toy catalogue, according to people with knowledge of the strategy. The printed guide will be mailed to millions of US households and handed out at Whole Foods Market locations, the grocery chain Amazon bought last year, said the people, who asked not to be named because the plan isn't public.
The move is part of Amazon's push to incorporate traditional retailers' tools into its business model. It even looked at acquiring some Toys “R” Us locations earlier this year, according to people familiar at the time. That came after its $13.7 billion purchase of Whole Foods made a big splash as it pushed into brick-and-mortar retailing. Amazon has since been integrating the chain into its larger business, including marketing its voice assistants and discount membership in stores.
A spokeswoman for Amazon declined to comment.
Big book
For all its woes, Toys “R” Us, which is closing all US stores after failing to emerge from bankruptcy, was still a force during Christmas. Its “Big Book” toy catalogue was a staple at 100 pages or so, with toymakers often starting their holiday advertising to coordinate with its arrival in late October. Even with the emergence of screen time and smartphones, kids still enjoy searching through toy catalogues—which Walmart Inc. and Target Corp. also produce—to make their wishlists.
Toys “R” Us generated $6.5 billion in US sales last year. That has pushed many retailers—even ones not known for toys—to angle for a piece of the defunct chain's business. Take Party City Holdco Inc., which is opening 50 pop-up toy shops for the holidays.
The traditional market leaders are also getting more aggressive. Target said in May that it was bolstering its assortment as Toys “R” Us liquidated. Target is also expanding shelf space for toys for the coming holiday season, according to people familiar with the plans.
A Target spokesman wasn't immediately available to comment.
Amazon has become a toy shopping destination in its own right. The big reason is that toys, especially during the holidays, draw shoppers. In 2007, the company copied traditional retailers and published an online hot-holiday toy list that featured playthings expected to be in demand. It's been gaining market share in the category ever since, and now it's taking another page from legacy chains.
Dalmia Bharat has offered to pay Rs6,932.46 crore for Binani Cement whereas Ultratech has raised its bid to Rs7,960 crore. Photo: Hindustan Times
Kolkata: The Kolkata bench of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on Tuesday finished hearing the dispute over insolvency resolution at Binani Cement Ltd, with Dalmia Bharat Ltd, the highest bidder selected by the lenders to take over the assets, insisting that there was no question of allowing the revised bid of Ultratech Cement Ltd.
In his submission, the legal counsel for Dalmia Bharat made a sharp distinction between Ultratech and Liberty House Group, whose bid for Bhushan Steel and Power Ltd was summarily dismissed by the resolution professional. The Delhi bench of the tribunal ordered the committee of creditors of Bhushan Steel to reconsider Liberty House's bid. Ultratech has cited the Delhi bench's decision to argue that its revised bid, which is substantially higher, should be considered.
Dalmia Bharat has offered to pay Rs6,932.46 crore for Binani Cement whereas Ultratech has raised its bid to Rs7,960 crore, and claimed that in the interest of all stakeholders, its bid should be considered by the lenders.
“Accepting Ultratech's bid will lead to better realisation for most stakeholders, but the fact that it was an unsuccessful bidder at the end of bidding process weakens its case,” said a senior lawyer, who has appeared in this matter.
Throttling up the battle for Binani Cement, Ultratech's counsel Mukul Rohatgi had submitted at the tribunal last week that the AV Birla group company was willing to raise its offer by another Rs500 crore, if any other bidder was willing to match its offer. To strengthen its bid, Ultratech has also obtained advance clearance from the Competition Commission of India.
The bench will now have to choose between a “substantially higher bid” and the sanctity of the resolution process, said the unnamed lawyer cited above, asking not to be named. The tribunal has reserved its judgement for now. “Whichever way the verdict goes, the matter will go to the appellate tribunal and perhaps to the Supreme Court as well,” the lawyer added.
Both the committee of creditors and the resolution professional have maintained that it was decided at the beginning of the bidding process that they would negotiate only with the highest bidder, and hence Ultratech's revised bid wasn't considered.
Pratap Chatterjee, counsel for the committee of creditors, said the rules of the game couldn't be changed after the game had started.
Apart from Ultratech, operational creditors of Binani Cement have also opposed Dalmia Bharat's bid, saying that their dues of over Rs700 crore were to be settled for as little as Rs151 crore. The resolution professional has, however, accepted only Rs503 crore as legitimate dues to Binani Cement's vendors.
Counsel for Dalmia Bharat, S.K. Kapoor submitted that claims of six operational creditors exceeding Rs10 crore each have been found to dubious through a forensic audit.
Though Ultratech has offered to pay Rs443 crore to operational creditors, it has declined to pay the dues of those vendors who are found to be related to the management of Binani Cement.
Kapoor said Dalmia Bharat has agreed to pay the dues of some 2,941 operational creditors in full. Their claims are up to Rs1 crore each.
Police are appealing for information after a group of men attempted to break into a cash machine at a Ribble Valley caravan park.
Around 3.40am yesterday (Tuesday), three men approached the shop at Todber Caravan Park in Burnley Road, Gisburn.
Using crowbars the trio forced open a door and attempted to open a cash machine using tools.
They were disturbed by the building alarm and made off from the scene.
The three men are described as white, wearing dark coloured clothing. One of the males was of larger build than the other men and they all had Merseyside accents.
Detectives are appealing for information following the incident.
Det Sgt Mel Kelly, of Lancashire Police, said: “We have launched an investigation following a burglary in Gisburn.
“Three men have broken into a building and used power tools in an attempt to break into a cash machine. Fortunately the group were disturbed by the alarm system, but it is crucial we find these individuals as soon as possible.
“We are appealing to anyone with information to contact police. It is likely they travelled to the site in a vehicle which was used to transport the tools involved.
“If you saw anyone acting suspiciously or a vehicle in the area around the time of the offence, please contact us immediately.”
Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting crime reference EG1700906.
Alternatively independent charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
Buried In Trump's Nuclear Report: A Russian Doomsday Weapon
Enlarge this image toggle caption USAF Lookout Moutain Laboratory USAF Lookout Moutain Laboratory
The Trump administration released a report on the state of America's nuclear weaponry on Friday. The assessment, known as a Nuclear Posture Review, mainly concerns U.S. nukes and missiles.
But buried in the plan is a mention of a mysterious Russian weapon called "Status-6." On paper, at least, Status-6 appears to be a kind of doomsday device. The report refers to it as "a new intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo."
"The radius of total or near-total destruction is the size of a pretty large metropolitan area, actually," says Edward Geist, a Russia specialist at the Rand Corp. who has spent time looking at the weapon. "It's difficult to imagine in normal terms."
Status-6 made its first public appearance in 2015, while Russian President Vladimir Putin was visiting with his generals in the city of Sochi.
Russia state television reported on the visit. The camera shows Putin seated at a long table. Then it cuts to a shot over one of the general's shoulders. He is looking at what appears to be a drawing of a new nuclear weapon called the Oceanic Multipurpose System Status-6.
Status-6 looks like a giant torpedo about a third the length of a big Russian submarine. According to the slide, it is nuclear-powered, meaning it can roam for months and possibly even years beneath the ocean without surfacing. Its payload is a nuclear warhead "many tens of megatons in yield," Geist says.
That is thousands of times more powerful than the bombs dropped at the end of World War II and more powerful than anything currently in the U.S. and Russian arsenals.
Status-6 would launch from beneath a Russian submarine. It would shoot at a depth too deep to be intercepted and travel for thousands of miles. Upon reaching its target along the U.S. coastline, it would detonate, swallowing up whatever city happened to be nearby.
"The only possible U.S. targets are large port cities," says Mark Schneider, a senior analyst with the National Institute for Public Policy, wrote in an e-mail. "The detonation of Status-6 in any of them would essentially wipe out their population into the far suburbs."
"The detonation would cause a very large amount of radioactive fallout," adds Pavel Podvig, an arms control expert who runs a blog called Russian Strategic Nuclear Forces. Podvig believes the weapon could potentially bathe the entire Northeast Corridor in radioactive soot.
Status-6 would probably be used as a "third-strike" weapon of last resort. If Russia fell under attack from the U.S. and couldn't retaliate with its missiles, it might trigger Status-6: a doomsday machine. Or at least a doomsday-ish machine.
YouTube
Then again, the whole thing might be a fake.
"The drawing of this drone looks more like an enlarged drawing of a smaller torpedo," says Podvig. In other words, it looks as if the Russians may have just taken some torpedo clip art, blown it up to terrifying size and then broadcast it on state television.
Why?
"It's a way to get our attention," says Geist.
Geist says that the "leak" of Status-6 was deliberate. Russia worries that U.S. missile defenses might be able to shoot down its missiles in a nuclear war. By showing a plan for Status-6, Russia is warning the U.S. that if it continues to build such defensive systems, then Russia will find another way to strike, with a missile that can't be intercepted.
"My read of the whole Status-6 slide leak is that the Russians were trying to send us a message," Geist says.
Podvig agrees that the leak of Status-6 is probably just a warning shot. But the fact that it appeared in the Pentagon's newest report on nuclear weapons shows that some war planners are taking the idea seriously.
There may be some politics involved in that decision as well, says Hans Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists. The Trump administration is pushing hard for upgrades to America's nuclear arsenal. In his State of the Union address, the president called for making the arsenal "so strong and so powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression by any other nation or anyone else."
Citing Status-6 helps to build the case that upgrades to American nukes are needed, Kristensen says.
For all the rhetoric around Status-6, Podvig and Geist both believe that the program isn't completely made-up. Geist says a long-range underwater drone without a nuclear warhead would be a useful weapon.
"You could use it for tapping our underwater communications cables," he says. "Or simpler, in a war, is just going out and like finding them and cutting them."
Status-6 could also carry conventional munitions, like cruise missiles, and launch them after hiding for months beneath the water.
Podvig has seen photos that he says indicate the Russians are working on some hardware for big underwater drones.
"My best guess is that there is a project to design an underwater vehicle with a purpose, unknown at this point," he says. "There is something there."
Updated at 2:10 p.m. ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
He answered the judge's questions with a simple "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," according to The Associated Press.
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area."
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest." Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident.
Details are emerging about Fields' background and his interest in Nazi Germany. One of the suspect's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields "was intelligent and didn't cause trouble," but was "also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy."
Derek Weimer, who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Ky., told WVXU, "He went to a good school. Lived in a good neighborhood. There were plenty of people around to try to guide him in the right direction. My first feeling is we failed. I failed."
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Toledo Blade that she was aware her son was going to what he called an "alt-right" rally. "I told him to be careful," Bloom said, according to the newspaper. "[And] if they're going to rally to make sure he's doing it peacefully."
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”.
Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.”
Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
In Germany, Churchgoers Are Encouraged To Tweet From The Pews
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esme Nicholson/NPR Esme Nicholson/NPR
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, "The Art of the Deal" was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The "Go Go 1980s" of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
"He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies," said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s "has long been a part of who Trump is," Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on "60 Minutes" in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a "60 Minutes" segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a "very, very great honor." That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
"One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?" Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as "a phenomenal person" despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge." And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three "Rambo" movies and two "Rocky" sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In "The Art of the Deal," he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
"I play into people's fantasies," he wrote. "People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular."
While catching up on the news one chilly morning outside the South Miami Starbucks on S. Dixie Highway (US1), Dr. Anthony Krupp of Coral Gables wears a “pussyhat” that his wife donned during the Women's March on Washington in January. With a background in psychology and teaching, Dr. Krupp said he is thoroughly enjoying the response he gets — both positive and otherwise. The knit pink hats, topped with corners that resemble cat ears, are part of the Pussyhat Project in support of women's issues.
(Photo credit: Kress Comunications)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A search operation involving all three emergency services was carried out after a man reported seeing a woman fall into a Bristol waterway while cradling a baby.
Police received were called to Feeder Road, by the Feeder Canal in St Philip's, at about 4pm on Monday, December 11 amid concerns someone had gone into the icy water.
A man had told South Western Ambulance Service crews based in nearby Kings Park Avenue that he had seen a woman fall into the water holding a baby.
The man – who is understood to have been the only person to report the incident – then left the scene. Avon and Somerset police are still trying to determine his whereabouts, so that they can question him further about what he saw.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Following the report a search involving the police, ambulance and Avon Fire and Rescue Service was carried out.
There was heavy traffic on Feeder Road due to the sheer volume of emergency services parked at the roadside next to the canal, near the junction with Marsh Lane.
The fire service's water rescue team was seen searching the water in boats using spotlights.
At the time of writing, nothing had been found and the emergency services had called off the search operation.
(Image: Alex Wood)
A spokesman for Avon and Somerset Police said: “We were called to reports that a woman and baby had either jumped or fallen into the river at about 4pm.
"We were unable to track down the man who had reported the incident. No-one else had called about the incident.
"A search of the location was made as a precaution by ourselves and fire and rescue but no-one was found. The search has been called off."
A spokesman for Avon Fire and Rescue added: “We had a call at 4.18pm to a report of a person entering the water. Crews from Hicks Gate, Bedminster, Temple and Kingswood were involved in the search.
“We haven't found anything and the search has been scaled down.”
New Delhi: Wholesale inflation rose to 1.88 percent in July as prices of some commodities increased in the first month of Goods and Services Tax (GST) rollout.
Inflation based on the wholesale price index (WPI) was 0.90 percent in June 2017 and 0.63 percent in July 2016.
The government data released on Monday showed that prices of food articles went up by 2.15 percent in July on a yearly basis. In June, the prices had contracted by 3.47 percent.
Vegetable prices which had witnessed a 21.16 per cent contraction in June, shot up by 21.95 percent in July.
However, manufactured products saw slight fall in inflation at 2.18 percent in July, compared to 2.27 percent in June.
In fuel and power segment, inflation witnessed a decline at 4.37 percent in July, over 5.28 percent in the previous month.
Apart from vegetables, the food articles which saw rise in prices include egg, meat and fish where inflation stood at 3.30 percent. Fruits saw inflation at 2.71 percent, cereals (0.63 percent) and paddy (3.47 percent).
However, potato continued to see deflation at 42.45 percent, pulses (-)32.56 percent and onion (-)9.50 percent.
The final print of May WPI inflation witnessed a little surge at 2.26 percent, as compared to provisional estimates of 2.17 percent.
A nationwide GST was implemented on July 1 which combined a plethora of central and state levies into a four tier tax structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 percent for all goods and services.
Data released last week showed that industrial output hit a four-year low and contracted 0.1 percent in June, mainly on account of decline in manufacturing and capital goods sectors.
Earlier this month, the Reserve Bank cut policy repo rate by 0.25 per cent to 6 per cent citing reduction in inflation risk. The rate cut was the first in 10 months and brought policy rates to near 7-year low.
The RBI said it will endeavour to keep retail inflation close to 4 per cent but in the near term, there might be some uptick on account of pay commission payouts and price adjustments post GST rollout.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The day after the night before.
England's World Cup heroes have undergone the dreaded ice bath after their agonising penalty shootout victory over Colombia.
The Three Lions set-up a quarter-final match-up with Sweden after the nervy 4-3 shootout victory.
But the pleasure wasn't without the pain, with the South American side providing a heavy handed approach and leaving England with knocks and bruises.
"It's like a scene from MASH in the dressing room," Gareth Southgate said. "Some just cramp, and some need just a little bit more assessment, so we'll know more over the next 36 hours."
So, it was a surprise to see the stars undergoing a recovery session before they ramp up the preparations to Saturday's clash with the Swedes.
Here are 7 things we noticed...
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
1. Who scored their penalty?
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
There might be a little bit of gloating going on in this picture.
Jordan Henderson was the only England player to miss his spot kick in Moscow, while Eric Dier held his nerve to convert the winning penalty.
Regardless of heroes or almost villains, they are both forced to take a dip in the freezing pod.
Dier almost certainly hates it.
2. Welbz chilling
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
What Danny Welbeck needs to recover from is a mystery - potentially the strain of sitting down and getting up from the bench.
Regardless the Arsenal striker is absolutely loving life in the cryotherapy chamber.
3. Relax, Harry's got it
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Harry Kane is tearing this World Cup apart, having already bagged six goals to send England to the quarter-finals.
But it looks like Southgate still has plans to get even more out of his star striker.
The Tottenham man struggled to rise above the niggling tackles and underhand tactics of the Colombians but could be allowed to flourish more against Sweden.
4. Tottenham friends
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
No wonder Dier had a face on during his ice bath experience.
His best buddy Dele Alli decided to 'cheat' on him and share his recovery with fellow Spurs star Kane.
Alli and Kane looks like a bromance waiting to explode.
5. Hero Pickford
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jordan Pickford furthered his reputation to place himself among the greatest keepers in the world with his phenomenal one handed save and then brilliant penalty save.
It doesn't look like the new found fame has got to him at all, in fact in all the pictures from the recovery day he appears bemused by any attention.
Jesse Lingard is hoping to steal a bit of the limelight off him though...
A 33-year-old woman was found strangled in her Schaumburg apartment this weekend, authorities said Monday.The victim was identified as Tiffany Thrasher and lived in the 2600-block of Clipper Drive, police said.A motive was not determined Monday evening. No one was in custody.She was murdered between 8 p.m. Saturday and 11:45 a.m. Sunday, police said.Thrasher was found by police who were responding to a well-being check.Anyone with information is asked to call Schaumburg police detectives at 847-882-3534.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A restaurant worker who allowed a desperate woman to use a loo forced his way in and plunged his head between her breasts, a jury heard.
The woman's friend asked Chikong Tang if she could use the lavatory above HK Diner on Park Street and he showed her to it, Bristol Crown Court was told.
But when she finished and opened the door, it is claimed Tang “shimmied” in, grabbed her buttocks, buried his nose into her chest and shook his head.
Tang, aged 51, a kitchen assistant who was living at the flats at the time, denies sexual assault in February.
Speaking behind a screen, the woman said she had been to late night bar Elbow Room on Park Street with friends but was not drunk.
She said that when they left, at around 4am, she had the urge to use the loo and spotted Tang in a nearby doorway. He agreed to let her use the toilet above the restaurant, which has since closed down.
The complainant said: “I went with him into the flat. There were stairs. The defendant was in front and he said on two or three occasions ‘Be quiet, people sleeping'.”
The woman was shown to a loo, locked the door behind her and used it, the court heard.
But she said Tang pounced when she opened the door.
The complainant told the jury: “As I unlocked the door the defendant pushed his way in through the door sideways.
“He kind of shimmied in, sideways to the door, squeezed himself in through the gap and closed the door.
(Image: Google)
“He moved towards me, he put his hands on my stomach and pushed me against the wall.
“He brought himself in close, he put both his hands on my bum and squeezed. It didn't hurt.
“He put his face into my chest, right between my boobs and started shaking his head. That hurt.”
The woman said she told Tang “no” and he stepped back, before pushing her against the wall again.
She told the jury: “I said ‘Get the f*** off me!'
“That was effective. I moved around him, I went forward and left.”
The woman said she was shaken up and reported the incident to police two days later.
Representing himself, Tang conceded he may have gone part of the way into the loo to check on the woman, because she was taking a long time.
He said he may have touched the woman around her waist, due to her being unsteady, but denies sexual assault.
The case continues.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple poisoned in Amesbury were exposed to Novichok - the same substance that almost killed a Russian spy and his daughter.
Charlie Rowley, 45, and 44-year-old Dawn Sturgess were named by friends as the pair who fell critically ill after being exposed to the never agent.
In a press conference this evening, Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu confirmed the substance was Novichok.
(Image: PA Wire)
He said there is no intelligence to say the pair were "targeted" in any way.
Police increase patrols ahead of World Cup quarter final
Mr Basu said it was "a line of inquiry" over whether the latest poisoning was linked to that of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Salisbury in March.
Charlie and Dawn were found unconscious at a property on Saturday, with one friend describing how Charlie was "garbling" and acting like a "zombie".
The couple's flat is around eight miles from where Russian Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with Novichok in March this year.
Today, a meeting of the Government's Cobra emergencies committee took place at official level in the Cabinet Office to discuss the events.
It was understood samples of the substance were sent to the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down.
What is Flying Ants Day 2018 - When, what and how to get rid of them
In a press statement this evening, Mr Basu said: "Earlier today, Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills, from Wiltshire Police gave an update on the situation. However, I can confirm tonight that there has been a significant development and that the Counterterrorism Policing Network is now leading the investigation into this incident.
"This evening we have received test results from Porton Down that show the two people have been exposed to the nerve agent Novichok.
"At approximately 10:15hrs on Saturday, 30 June, the South West Ambulance Service was called to a residential address in Amesbury, where a 44-year-old woman had collapsed. She was subsequently taken to hospital.
"At around 15:30hrs that day, the ambulance service was called back to the same address, where a 45-year-old man had also fallen ill. The man was taken to hospital and Wiltshire Police were informed.
SOMEONE in Fermanagh may have had a dream start to 2017 if they happened to be in Bundoran on New Year's Eve.
The hunt is on to find the winner of €250,000 in the National Lottery's Christmas Millionaire Raffle.
While the top prize of €1 million was bought in Cork, the runner-up ticket was sold at American House on Bundoran's Main Street on December 31st.
The shop is already being dubbed the luckiest in Ireland. In June 2014 they sold a €12m lotto quick pick ticket following a similar big jackpot win in 1989 and numerous National Lottery gameshow tickets.
It's still not known if the latest lucky winner is a local or a visitor to the popular seaside town on the final day of 2016.
Get checking
Majella Hegarty, who has worked at The American House for over 20 years, told the Herald it's a dream start to the New Year for one lucky punter: “We've had a lot of people coming in to the shop checking their tickets but, as yet, we don't know who the lucky winner is.
“It could be a local or someone just passing through but whoever it's the very best of luck to them. What a way to start 2017!”
The number of the winning ticket which was bought in Bundoran was 435295 – so get checking now!
All Christmas Millionaire Raffle ticket holders have 90 days from the day of the draw to collect their prizes. The top six prizes can only be collected at the National Lottery offices in Dublin.
1:26 Longtime Merced County Supervisor injured in early morning structure fire Pause
1:44 Merced Police Department patrols the streets during a busy New Year's Eve
0:34 Search for Ghost Ship warehouse fire victims continues in Oakland
1:50 Fire leads Merced deputies to marijuana grow
5:26 Shawn & Sean Show: Interview with Merced coach Rob Scheidt
0:57 3 shot in Merced, suspect in standoff with police
1:35 Baby bandit's alleged theft of phone caught on camera in Los Banos
0:42 Classroom lessons to help children receive Christmas gifts
1:38 Sun-Star Football Player of the Year
× Chesterfield girl makes finals of National Spelling Bee
WASHINGTON D.C. – Eleven-year-old Alice Liu advanced to the finals Scripps National Spelling Bee for the second straight year.
Liu, who attends Crestview Middle School, is one of 41 finalists at the 2018 competition. A record number of kids entered the competition this year — 516.
Last year, Liu was eliminated by the word “galanas.”
The finals are slated to take place Thursday evening.
The champion will receive a $40,000 cash prize and an engraved trophy from Scripps, a $2,500 cash prize and a complete reference library courtesy of Merriam-Webster, talk show appearances, and more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mikel Arteta was pictured covering his face as he arrived for training following yesterday's post-Manchester derby bust-up.
The Spaniard was hit in the head - allegedly by a bottle thrown by United striker Romelu Lukaku - and suffered a bad cut.
And he was sure to shield himself from the waiting photographers at the training ground.
Arteta was driving a Chevrolet as City began their preparations for Wednesday's Premier League clash at Swansea.
City won the derby thanks to Nicolas Otamendi's winner after Marcus Rashford cancelled out David Silva's opener.
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
The incident occurred as Jose Mourinho took issue with the manner in which City celebrated their victory at Old Trafford.
The United boss allegedly had water and milk thrown at him as emotions spilled over.
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
Mourinho was also confronted by Brazilian goalkeeper Ederson, who is alleged to have physically prevented him from reaching the City dressing room.
The Portuguese was reportedly struck by a plastic bottle himself, with the FA yet to speak on the matter, though disciplinary proceedings are likely to follow this week.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
The Blues now have an 11-point advantage at the top of the Premier League with Basel drawn as their last 16 opponents in the Champions League.
The tie makes them favourites to land their first European crown after Paris Saint-Germain's path to the final was complicated by drawing holders Real Madrid.
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
Related: Damaged dam system threatens Northern California towns
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with his wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and he planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As she packed the blankets, pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, she reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Related: Nearly 200,000 remain under evacuation near California dam
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
___
Elias reported from San Francisco.
___
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker, Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco; Don Thompson in Sacramento; Terry Chea in Grass Valley, California; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma, California; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OLATHE, Kan. (AP) — A suburban Kansas City mother has been found competent to stand trial on charges that she gave her three children medication to try and kill them before taking it herself.
Attorneys for 37-year-old Therese Roever requested a mental evaluation for the Olathe woman. A judge reviewed the results before finding Friday that Roever is able to understand the proceedings and help her attorneys defend her in the attempted capital murder case.
Court documents say two of the children would have died if they hadn't been found and rushed to a hospital. The records also show Roever and her ex-husband have been involved in long-running litigation involving domestic issues, including child custody.
Roever is jailed on $1 million bond.
© Mike Blake / Reuters
Website The Daily Stormer must find a new home after publishing derogatory remarks about Heather Heyer, the victim of the Charlottesville car attack. Hosting company GoDaddy told the white-supremacist site to find a new provider within 24 hours."They have violated our terms of service," GoDaddy tweeted, warning that the site had "24 hours to move the domain to another provider."The web-hosting company took the decision after complaints regarding an article on the site titled 'Heather Heyer: Woman Killed in Road Rage Incident was a Fat, Childless 32-Year-Old Slut.'One Twitter user questioned why GoDaddy was waiting 24 hours to take down the site.In a statement to TechCrunch , GoDaddy explained its motive for removing the site, saying;Describing itself asA post on The Daily Stormer claims hacking groupA Twitter account linked to the group has been unable to confirm if the post is genuine.Last week Airbnb deactivated the accounts of at least two people associated with the event who had hoped to book accommodation in Charlottesville.
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greeks “need to see a light at the end of the austerity tunnel,” the European Union's financial affairs chief said Wednesday during a visit to discuss the country's slow-moving negotiations with its international bailout creditors.
Pierre Moscovici said he was “hopeful” about Greece's prospects, as he met with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras. He noted Greece's economy had grown modestly recently.
Tsipras' left-led government hopes to conclude much-delayed negotiations by Monday's meeting of eurozone finance ministers on spending cuts and reforms demanded by European creditors and the International Monetary Fund. Without a deal, it can't get the next batch of rescue loans.
Moscovici told Tsipras he believed efforts were required “from all sides” to reach an agreement, but that he was optimistic. The European commissioner met earlier with Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos.
An agreement between Greece and its creditors would also make the country eligible for the European Central Bank's bond-buying stimulus program. That would lower Greece's government borrowing rates and ease its way to tapping bond markets again later this year.
But Athens refuses to introduce new austerity measures, and next week's meeting of eurozone finance ministers is not expected to provide a full breakthrough in the talks.
Greece has depended on international bailouts since 2010. In return for billions of euros in rescue loans, successive governments have had to overhaul the economy, imposing repeated tax hikes and slashing spending, including salaries and pensions. The crisis has wiped more than a quarter off the Greek economy, and left unemployment hovering at 23 percent.
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH)– Here in Connecticut, protesters took to the streets in at least five different cities Sunday, speaking out against the racism on display in Virginia.
New Haven, Middletown, Bridgeport, West Hartford, Danbury all held peaceful rallies to protest the hatred and violence we saw this weekend in Charlottesville.
The crowd in West Hartford came out early in the day. It included Governor Dannel Malloy and Senator Richard Blumenthal. A couple hundred people took to the New Haven green later in the day. That demonstration hosted by the New Haven Anti-fascists, Unidad Latina en Action, and the Answer Coalition.
Related: New Haven unity rally in response to Charlottesville
Folks here in Connecticut having a hard time believing there are still people who think their skin color makes them better than others, and having a hard time believing the violence that happened when they were told that it doesn't.
“And it's just crazy that they're out there killing people and they're not afraid to be out there without masks on. It's insane. It's devastating,” said Natalie Cassar, Rally-Goer.
Related: Several vigils take place in Connecticut after violent rally
“I'm very proud of Connecticut standing up at this rally and others in the state today and we're doing the right thing,” said Malloy.
One of the things on the minds of protestors here was President Trump saying he was against the violence, but not actually condemning the message of the white supremacists in Virginia. Presidential National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster did label it terrorism, and so did Senator Blumenthal the West Hartford vigil.
Related: Suspect in deadly Virginia car ramming due in court
At least one more rally is scheduled for Monday. It's in Waterbury, outside the main library on Grand Street, across from the courthouse. It runs from 6:30 to 7:30 and is hosted by the Council on Islamic Relations.
A respected longtime gymnastics coach from Illinois has been banned by USA Gymnastics and is under investigation for ethics violations.Todd Gardiner is a graduate of Hinsdale High School and was a national champion in 1976. He has since become a five-time Regional Coach of the Year, according to an online bio.USA Gymnastics said Gardiner has been banned for violating two sections of its ethics code. The sections deal with sexual misconduct and sexual relationships with athletes.USA Gymnastics would not elaborate on the alleged violations. ABC7 Eyewitness News has not been able to reach Gardiner for comment.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal could launch a summer bid for £35million-rated RB Leipzig winger Emil Forsberg.
That is according to German outlet Bild, who reckon the Gunners have a good chance of snaring Forsberg away from the Bundesliga.
The forward could have kicked his last ball for Leipzig after being sent off against Hoffenheim, triggering a three-game suspension.
Agent Hasan Cetinkaya told Bild: "The ban is a scandal! Emil was fouled and provoked, didn't even hit his opponent properly. The verdict is an attack on RB and Emil. They would not have done such a thing to a Bayern Munich player!"
AC Milan failed in a swoop last summer and Arsenal are unlikely to be the player's only suitors when the transfer window opens.
(Image: AFP)
New Arsenal boss to have limited budget
The next Arsenal boss will be handed a limited transfer budget this summer.
Arsenal is on the lookout for Arsene Wenger's replacement after the Frenchman announced this season would be his last in north London on Friday.
Luis Enrique remains the favourite to come in while former midfielder Mikel Arteta has also been linked with the vacant post.
(Image: AFP)
But whoever replaces Wenger is likely to be afforded funds to make just one big summer signing when the transfer window reopens.
Around £50million is set to be made available and players will have to depart before more arrivals can come in.
Read more here.
Ancelotti offered Italy job
Carlo Ancelotti has been offered the job at Italy boss - and that could have big implications for Arsenal and Chelsea .
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is set to leave Stamford Bridge this summer but there could be a stand-off until he lands another job and he now appears to have missed out on taking over at Paris Saint Germain and Italy.
Ancelotti was not considered a front runner for Arsenal this summer but it does at least rule another big name out of taking over from Arsene Wenger.
(Image: Bongarts)
Former Chelsea boss Ancelotti, 58, looks set to take the Italy job if he can agree personal terms as he looks set to be offered £5m-a-year to transform his national side after they missed out on the World Cup.
Ancelotti held talks with Italy FA commissioner Roberto Fabbricini and sub-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta on Monday night and they have now made him first choice ahead of Conte and Zenit St Petersburg boss Roberto Mancini.
Conte had been in the frame and has missed out on PSG who are set to appoint former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea are now looking at Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri with Juventus boss Max Allegri an alternative.
Read more here.
Fear escalated across Texas' capital city on Monday after the fourth bombing this month - a blast that was triggered this time by a tripwire, demonstrating what police called a "higher level of sophistication" than the package bombs used in the previous attacks.Two men were wounded by the explosion Sunday night as they walked along a street and remained hospitalized in stable condition. The three earlier bombings since March 2 involved parcels left on doorsteps and killed two people while wounding two others."We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point, based on the similarities between now what is the fourth device" and the previous ones, Police Chief Brian Manley said.He said investigators have yet to establish a motive."Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related?" Manley asked. He said investigators will "have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this."The police chief said the tripwire meant it was a more sophisticated device requiring a higher level of skill to construct than the previous bombs. He said the bombing represents a "significant change," in that the earlier bombings appeared targeted, while the latest one would have hurt any random person walking by.For days, police have been warning people not to touch unexpected or suspicious-looking packages, a chilling thought at a time when people get more doorstep deliveries than ever before because of the rise of online shopping. With the latest bombing, the attacks took on an even more sinister cast."With this tripwire, this changes things. It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals," said FBI agent Chris Combs, in charge of the bureau's San Antonio division. "We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."Hundreds of agents from the FBI and the US. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have joined the investigation, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of ATF, said the latest explosive device was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail in a residential neighborhood."It was dark out. It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," Milanowski said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."Milanowski said that investigators have investigated over 500 leads since the bombings began and that there have been "persons of interest" in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.Authorities canvassed the area in search of anything suspicious, and residents were warned to remain indoors and to call 911 if they needed to leave their homes.Manley also asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to make the footage available in case suspicious vehicles or people could be seen.The latest attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighborhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east.Police at first suggested the bombings could be hate crimes since the first three bombs involved victims who were black or Hispanic, but the latest attack may have undermined that theory. The 22- and 23-year-old men wounded this time are white.The police chief warned people not to touch suspicious bags, boxes or backpacks, especially if they had wires protruding.Mayor Steve Adler said the latest explosion raised anxieties spreading across the city."That concern is legitimate and real," Adler said, adding that residents should also be reassured by the massive police response to the attacks. Hundreds of federal agents are investigating, along with Austin police."That anxiousness is going to continue until we can find the answer," Adler said.Spring break ends Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts, meaning people who were out of town have returned home to heightened fears.University police warned returning students to be wary and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.Concern spread well past the immediate blast site."This makes me sick," said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the city's west side. He said the use of a tripwire adds a "new level" of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks."That's what scares me a little bit," he added.The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving the day before.
It would seem some Bristol Post readers have been less than fortunate during trips to the dentist.
We've been sent details of some truly terrible experiences for this nostalgia piece.
Read them below.
The dreaded Mr Skull
There can't have been many children going to school in Clevedon in the 1950s and 1960s who didn't come under the scrutiny of Mr Skull, the school dentist.
Even the name was enough to fill us with dread of imminent suffering, and from my own experience, not only was dentistry in the dark ages but there was not yet such a thing as an NVQ in customer care!
I'm not sure how I came to know where Mr Skull lived, but he still comes to mind when I pass the house. Whenever anyone starts banging on about the good old days as opposed to the awful 21st century, I just say “dentistry” and refute them thus.
Gerry Small
Clevedon
A bracing experience
I am nearly 74 years of age and would like to tell you about my visit to the Bristol Dental Hospital when I was about 11 years old. I had a tooth that was growing in the roof of my mouth; just behind the front teeth.
I had to have an impression taken which consisted of a horseshoe shaped metal container/tray filled with a pink substance. The whole thing was put into my mouth and I remember distinctly it seemed huge and too big for me, making me feel sick. My jaws were clamped together by the dentist and when he removed it I thought all my teeth were going to be dragged out with it.
I finished up with a brace fixed on wires and kept in my mouth by clips attached to each side of my upper teeth to stabilise the whole structure. The idea was to remove the front tooth, creating a gap for the spare tooth glide into. It worked.
At that time, and bearing in mind the BDH was and is a teaching hospital, I was given the princely sum of a half crown by the hospital for my attending, which I immediately gave to my mother. With eight of us children, plus Mum and Dad in the house, it was like a fortune to her.
Ivy Cole
by email
Mum's cinema ruse
For some reason my mum felt she needed to have an excuse when she wanted to go to the pictures, so she would go to the dentist first to have a tooth out!
I think my grandfather must have forbidden her to go to the cinema – but what a price to pay for a couple of hours of entertainment!
When I was little she still had some teeth left but when I was about six or seven she had the rest out. She then came home with a mouth full of false teeth, but she did not look like my mum anymore!
When I was losing my milk teeth and they were loose, my mum would ask the district nurse, Nurse Coffin, who regularly called to see my bedridden grandma, to pull them out. Her name, in one sense, was appropriate as she looked after all the elderly patients and would “lay them out” when they died, but she was a lovely lady.
I am afraid I had to visit the dentist rather frequently when I was young.
I used to clean my teeth with Gibbs SR. It was not in a tube in the 1950s but was a powder in a small round tin, that you put your wet toothbrush into.
Incidentally, after every visit to the dentist my mum would buy me some sweets!
I attended Dundry School in the 1950s and none of the children were keen on the school dentist. My mum had signed a form stating he could only examine my teeth, and nothing else as I had my own dentist. Unfortunately my young friend Christine's appointment was before me and she was very tearful, so the teacher thought it would be a good idea to call me in to show there was nothing to be afraid of – and the dentist promptly took one of my teeth out!
I must finish by saying that my present dentist, who has treated all my family for nearly 40 years, is excellent. The only thing that hurts is the bill!
Pauline Milsom
Patchway
Speedwell clinic horror
I have quite a few memories of dentistry in the 1940s and 1950s. I remember all too clearly my awful times at Speedwell Clinic, Fishponds, when I was about five years old.
I went with my mother to have a tooth filled and was frightened to death as all I could hear from the dentist's room was children crying and screaming out for their mum or dad.
Then the door opened and out came this rather large surly looking nurse and called me in.
As I sat shaking with fear in the chair, this large nurse loomed over me with this terrible contraption in her hand, it was a drill and she started to drill out the decay in my tooth, but all of a sudden, she let the drill slip and it dug into my gum and all this blood gushed out of my mouth.
I started screaming and crying so loudly that my mother ran into the room, grabbed me from the chair and shouted at the nurse that I would never come to Speedwell Clinic to have my teeth seen to again – and I never did.
Luckily I am pleased to say that I have a marvellous dentist from Romania who has saved my teeth from rotting!
As the years went by and I had my first baby, I would take him to Speedwell Clinic where the nurses and staff were wonderful and looked after mothers and babies really well and my son never worried about going there for check-ups.
Things have certainly changed for the better, thank goodness, and thankfully my children and grandchildren have lovely teeth by brushing them properly and goingtaking them to see a really good dentist regularly.
Mrs CA Dyer
Barrs Court, Bristol
A golden birthday gift
In the winter of 1952/3, I was riding my bicycle to work from Headley Park to my job with E.S & A. Robinsons in East Street, Bedminster.
There was a lot of snow and ice on the road. Suddenly my bike stopped and I went over the handlebars and hit the road with my face.
A lady in a house close by took me in and phoned for an ambulance.
I had broken off two front teeth which had to be removed from my top lip.
I was not a pretty sight, and at 20 years of age I thought my world had come to an end.
When my face had healed a bit I went to Bristol Dental Hospital where they fitted me with a temporary dental plate and two teeth. My firm sent me to their convalescent home in Weston-super-Mare to recover from the trauma.
When I returned to the dental hospital they had made me a new dental plate in gold.
The surgeon said to me: “It's a gift to you from us for your 21st birthday.”
I also got engaged on the same day (June 8, 1953). My world had not come to an end after all and we were married for 61 years.
When it was replaced several years later I returned the plate to the Bristol University Dental School.
Mrs June Leonard
Pensford
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
She will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” she said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England boss Gareth Southgate admits he will consider Wolves captain Conor Coady for a full international call-up next term.
Defender Coady has skippered Wolves to the Championship title this term after a fine season at centre-half under Nuno Espirito Santo.
The ex-Liverpool trainee, 25, who joined Wolves in 2015 from Huddersfield, has thrived as a ball-playing stopper in the middle of a three-man defence.
Former Three Lions U21 boss Southgate says he knows Coady from the defender's time playing for England from U16s-U20s.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Southgate admitted: “All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when he was at Liverpool he won an award.
(Image: PA)
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
“His personality and his character is outstanding.
"He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for him is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as he has for Wolves this year at the next level.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A stuntwoman who died on the set of Deadpool 2 in a motorbike scene that went wrong has been named as Joi 'SJ' Harris.
Harris, who was believed to be the stunt double for actress Zazie Beetz who plays Domino in the film, was a professional road racer born in Brooklyn, New York.
According to her website, she was the first licensed black woman "in U.S. history to actively compete in AMA (American Motorcyclist Association) sanctioned motorcycle road racing events.”
Deadpool 2 is believed to be her first film as a stunt driver, reports TMZ.
(Image: Facebook/ SJ Harris - Threader24 Racing)
Just days ago she shared a series of scenic photos on Facebook that were taken in Vancouver.
"Just taking in the sites," she wrote.
Harris had successfully completed the stunt four times in the Canadian city's Jack Poole Plaza, before disaster stuck on the fifth attempt.
Local media said Harris appeared to lose control of the motorbike, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street.
It was reported that the "the throttle somehow engaged" and the rider lost control while 'stood' on the motorbike.
(Image: Rex Features)
The incident is said to have occurred about 8.20am local time (4.20pm UK time) on Monday.
Police and ambulance rushed to the scene and the rider was put in an Advanced Life Support ambulance.
However, the vehicle remained at the scene for 45 minutes - and eventually left for the hospital without lights and sirens.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Rex Features)
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds later took to social media to pay tribute to Harris, saying the cast and crew were "heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognise nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment."
He continued: "My heart pours out to them along with each and every person she touched in this world.''
(Image: Ben Miljure? @CTVNewsBen /Twitter)
The Deadpool 2 death came one month after a stuntman died on the Atlanta, Georgia set of AMC horror TV series The Walking Dead.
John Bernecker, 33, died after hitting his head during a stunt where he fell from a height of 20 feet to a concrete floor.
Separately, Tom Cruise, known for doing most of his own stunts, appeared to have been injured on the London set of his upcoming spy action movie Mission: Impossible 6.
(Image: @VancityReynolds/Twitter)
Video emerged on Monday on celebrity news website TMZ showing Cruise, 55, trying to jump onto the roof of a high-rise building and landing hard against its wall.
Moments later Cruise, who was attached to a harness, limped off the set Representatives for Cruise and movie studio Paramount Pictures did not respond to queries about the incident or the nature of the actor's injury.
Many of today's corn hybrids have the potential to reach 500-bushel-per-acre yields—that is, until the seed is poured out of the bag and planted. Likewise, most soybean varieties possess tens-of-bushels of untapped yield potential.
Why the big disconnect between yield potential and harvest results? Some of the reasons have to do with geography and weather—things you can't change. Others have to do with agronomic practices and technology factors you can manage, often in transformational ways.
Farm Journal wants to help you address your agronomic management and technology use this season with its 2018 Yield Tour program. The Tour is scheduled for three locations this summer:
June 7 in Ft. Collins, Colo.
August 7 in Seymour, Ill.
August 16 in Murfreesboro, Tenn.
Each of these three events is designed to help you unlock the door to higher corn and soybean yields and features Farm Journal Field Agronomists Ken Ferrie and Missy Bauer, as well as leading agronomy and technology experts at AgriGold, Trimble and Valent.
Topics covered at each event include:
Large or Small Farms, Technology Can Benefit All
How ISOBUS Can Take Your Precision Farming to The Next Level
New Strategies for Achieving High, Consistent Corn Yields
Variable Rate & Multi Hybrid Planting: How to Make Them Work for You
Leverage Your Soil: Build a Stronger Root System with a New Technology
Along with great seminars and some hands-on training, you'll have the opportunity to participate in a live U.S. Farm Report taping with host Tyne Morgan and/or an AgriTalk segment with host Chip Flory.
Each event is $49 per person and includes lunch and materials. Go to Farm Journal events to learn more about the sessions and to register, or call (877) 482-7203.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Men from Connecticut and Minnesota who were convicted for their roles in a multimillion dollar scheme that defrauded banks participating in a federal loan program designed to finance exports are headed to prison.
The U.S. Attorney's office says Pablo Calderon, of Darien, was sentenced Tuesday to five months in prison and five months of home confinement. Brett Lillemoe, of Minneapolis, Minnesota, will serve 15 months behind bars.
Prosecutors say between September 2007 and January 2012 the defendants filed fraudulent documents under a U.S. Department of Agriculture program to secure loans and collect fees on the transactions.
As a result, foreign banks defaulted on more than $25 million worth of loans for which the USDA was required to pay out the guarantees.
The men denied the charges. They were convicted last year.
In An Era Of Fake News, Advancing Face-Swap Apps Blur More Lines
Most people familiar with "face-swapping" know it as an innocuous social media feature. An algorithm captures a person's face and pastes it onto someone else's. The result is rarely seamless and often funny.
But as it grows more sophisticated, that technology has taken a sinister turn: It's now become easier to superimpose the faces of celebrities onto those of actors in pornographic films, resulting in highly-realistic fake videos.
Deepfakes, as the digital form is called, takes its name from the Redditor "deepfakes," the first person known to create these fake porn videos. Celebrities Daisy Ridley, Gal Gadot and Taylor Swift are among deepfakes' early victims.
Samantha Cole, an editor at Motherboard, who first reported on the trend, tells NPR's Scott Simon that the videos are created using a machine-learning algorithm, which is trained by processing hundreds of photos of an individual's face.
"Someone takes a dataset of one person's face — and a lot of pictures of that person's face — and then a video that they want to put it on," Cole says. "And they run a machine-learning algorithm, train it on these two images, and after a few hours, gives you the result, which is, these very realistic, fake porn videos."
So, while well-photographed actors and actresses are easy targets, as the technology quickly becomes more advanced and accessible, not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online.
That's the talk of Reddit threads right now, Cole says, "Whether this can be done with people that they know or scraped from Facebook images or Instagram. It's definitely possible, if you have enough images of someone."
In fact, a new, user-friendly tool, FakeApp, democratizes the technology. FakeApp allows anyone to generate fake videos with their own datasets. Deepfakes enthusiasts have been inserting into movies the Internet's favorite face: Nicolas Cage.
Usersub YouTube
Legally, though, this quickly-advancing technology has been outpacing the law. "It's all very hazy right now," Cole says. "Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images, like when you use a celebrity's face for an ad without their permission. But the average person has little recourse. Revenge porn laws don't include the right kind of language to cover this kind of situation."
Similar technologies have already stirred fears. Last year, journalist Nick Bilton considered the implications of adding two new manipulative mediums. He pointed to a video demonstrating technology researchers developed that allowed them to manipulate the facial expressions of world leaders, including Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.
If fabricated text-based stories can snowball into events like PizzaGate, he suggested, he left the door open for the consequences that could play out on an international stage when bad actors latch onto this technology.
"Celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly so they're easy targets for this, but so are politicians," Motherboard's Samantha Cole says. "It's going to be difficult trying to suss out all of this in an era of fake news."
Every day we like to find the little stories that are quirky, silly, or just downright cute. Our goal? To pick you up and make you feel good! Listen here!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prepare to be tied up in knots by the exquisite and twisted pleasures of this remarkable period melodrama.
Incurable bachelor Reynolds Woodcock is a 1950's fashion designer to the super wealthy, who begins a poisonously passionate relationship with his latest young muse, Alma.
Daniel Day-Lewis and Vicky Krieps are mesmerising, and their on-screen romance is refereed with arch imperiousness by Lesley Manville as Reynolds' spinster sister.
She's deservedly Oscar nominated alongside Day-Lewis, but it's a staggeringly unfair oversight the equally impressive Krieps hasn't been recognised by the Academy.
(Image: Universal)
(Image: Universal)
(Image: Universal)
The timing of Day-Lewis' run to another possible Oscar for best actor, is as immaculate and precise as the fabulous dresses created by his character. It would be a record-breaking fourth victory.
A dapper and cruel monster of seductive grace and charm, Reynolds is capable of making the audience leap from their seats when he barks.
It's a voice with sibilant echoes of James Mason, the Brit actor who played the villain in Hitchcock's North By North West and a predatory paedophile in Stanley Kubrick's Lolita. Directors of huge influence here.
Reflecting Day-Lewis' cadaverous appearance, there is no fat on this lean and sinuous affair which is far removed from cuddly Sunday night TV drama. It's a shocking and intense tale of obsession, with alarming moments of humour.
(Image: Universal)
(Image: Universal)
(Image: Universal)
Paul Thomas Anderson steered Day-Lewis to Oscar success in 2007's oil epic, There Will Be Blood. He's nominated for best director and picture, among six in total for his film.
Moving from the chilly north Yorkshire moors to the hard London interiors, Anderson fashions a world of stylish fetish and embroiders it in the manner of Alfred Hitchcock.
This disguises it's macabre underpinning which is revealed with an outrageous final flourish.
I take Day-Lewis' announcement of retirement with a large dose of salt, and as with all great divas he's left me clamouring for more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A climber has been hurt after falling down a cliff face in the Avon Gorge.
Emergency services were called to the Sea Walls cliffs in the gorge, near to the Portway, shortly before 11am on Friday, February 2.
The climber, a man in his 40s, fell halfway down the steep cliff face, prompting a huge emergency rescue operation involving police, ambulance crews, firefighters, the air ambulance from Great Western Air Ambulance Charity and the coastguard helicopter.
He has suffered head injuries but his condition is not clear.
A spokeswoman for Avon Fire and Rescue Service said: "We were called to the Circular Road, Clifton to assist with an incident involving a climber who had fallen and is located halfway down the cliff face.
"They are thought to have head injuries and crews from Temple, Southmead and Bedminster are currently working with the coastguard air support to rescue the climber."
A South Western Ambulance Service spokesperson added: "We were called at 10.51am in relation to reports that a climber had fallen.
"We attended with several units including an ambulance, two helicopters and two hazardous area response teams.
"A male patient in his 40s is being treated at the scene for a suspected head injury."
Emergency vehicles were seen on the Downs and at the bottom of the cliff, near to the road.
The Portway was closed in both directions between Sylvan Way and Bridge Valley Road during the rescue operation and buses were diverted.
CEO Of The Humane Society Resigns Amid Allegations of Sexual Harassment
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that he had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from his position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that his group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," he said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that he was assessing his future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' he said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that [contributes] to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
Republican Rep. Tom Cole On Bump Stock Restrictions House Republicans said they will consider restrictions on bump stock gun accessories. Steve Inskeep talks with Republican Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma about his position.
If you're like us, you've already binged Orange Is the New Black's entire fifth season and probably need someone to talk through your thoughts and feelings with.
The latest installment of the Netflix series took place over a three-day span, following the rise (and eventual fall) of the Litchfield riot that broke out after the death of Poussey Washington (Samira Wiley) and after an arrogant C.O. decided to sneak a gun into work. When Daya (Dascha Polanco) got hold of Humphrey's (Michael Torpey) gun, all hell broke loose inside Litchfield and the inmates literally began running the asylum.
But that's only the beginning of it. Here are the eight burning questions that will keep us up at night until Orange Is the New Black returns for Season 6.
[Spoilers for Orange Is the New Black's fifth season below. Read at your own risk!]
1. Will Piper (Taylor Schilling) and Alex (Laura Prepon) actually get married? The end of this season saw Piper and Alex get engaged, but will they make it to the altar? This pair has had some serious ups and downs over the years, but in Season 5, Piper and Alex actually appeared to take some emotional strides forward. Have they finally reached a place in their relationship where they can communicate openly, honestly and effectively? We sure hope so, because we've just about lost patience with their push-pull shenanigans.
2. What will happen to Morello's (Yael Stone) baby? When Vinny (John Magaro) found out Morello was expecting, he literally ran away. Of course, it turns out Vinny did that because he thought it was another one of Lorna's lies. But after speaking to Nicky (Natasha Lyonne) on the phone, Vinny decided to do the right thing and be there for his wife and unborn child. Will they actually be able to make this crazy little family work? Will Nicky get to be godmother? Or, please, oh please, will Morello break up with Vinny and just raise the child with Nicky? Probably not the latter, but if Larry and Polly can get together, anything is possible.
Add Will & Grace to your Watchlist now!
3. Will we ever go back to Litchfield? The biggest shocker in the entire season was the reveal that we may have seen the last of Litchfield. After the riot is over, the inmates are loaded onto busses that are set to take them to different prisons, potentially separating friends, couples and prison families for good. We can't imagine going the rest of the series without stepping in Litchfield again -- let alone without Flaca (Jackie Cruz) and Maritza's (Diane Guerrero) perfect banter together -- and so we're hoping that the reassignment will only be temporary.
4. Does Taystee (Danielle Brooks) regret her decision? It was only because Taystee turned down MCC's offer to give the inmates all of their demands except one (Bayley's arrest) that Litchfield was raided, leading to the gassing and reassignment of the prisoners and even a death. Although Taystee just wanted to ensure justice for Poussey, in the end, her decision wound up hurting the very people she was supposed to be helping. Because of that, we hope Taystee's friends don't turn against her since she's going to need all the support she can get after witnessing the devastation that followed her decision.
5. Will there be fallout from Piscatella's (Brad William Henke) death? We've already seen how little MCC and the authorities cared about Bayley (Alan Aisenberg) accidentally killing Poussey. Will Piscatella's death be any different? Although we won't miss Piscatella one bit, his murder is emblematic of the lack of training that has led to so many of Litchfield's problems, including the abuse of inmates and Poussey's death. That's why we at least hope his death will help force MCC to realize they can't keep cutting corners and need to step up their efforts to protect everyone inside the prison walls.
6. What will happen to Daya? A lot happened with Daya this season, but most of it wasn't great. Her decision to shoot Humphrey might not have been so life-destroying had Kukudio (Emily Althaus) not blown oxygen bubbles into his IV drip while he was in the infirmary. In the end, that was all just too much for Humps' body to handle and he died, thus ensuring Daya will face some seriously serious consequences. Knowing she'll likely be sent to max and face trial for Humphrey's murder, Daya did reach out to Pornstache's mother (Mary Steenburgen) and gave her custody of her daughter with one caveat: the young girl will never know about Daya. We know Daya had the best intentions with that decision, but we can't imagine the emotional toll that will take on her going forward. Then again, if Daya does get sent to max -- and therefore, potentially sent away from all our main characters -- there's a chance Daya won't be around much next season at all.
7. Can we please end this Pennsatucky-Coates storyline? Season 5 had its fair share of flaws, but nothing was harder to stomach than watching Pennsatucky (Taryn Manning) start a romantic, consensual relationship with her rapist. OITNB is smart enough to not frame Coates (James McMenamin) as redeemed, by any means, but that doesn't mean it was any easier watching Pennsatucky fall in love with and protect a man she literally crashed a car to ensure he could never sexually assault her again.
8. Will we see Sophia (Laverne Cox) again? After doing her part in the infirmary, Sophia took the first opportunity she got to slip the fence and get the hell out of there. However, after escaping, she got herself purposefully sent to max in order to find Sister Ingalls (Beth Fowler), only to discover that the nun received compassionate release. Will Sophia wind up at the same prison as some of our other heroines, or is this it for her on the series? We can't imagine Orange would have given Sophia such a low-key goodbye, so our faith is high for a return. As for Chang (Lori Tan Chinn), on the other hand, there's no way she's ever going to let them catch her again after sneaking out.
Orange Is the New Black Season 5 is available to stream on Netflix now.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Noel Edmonds broke down in tears live on radio this afternoon as he paid tribute to Keith Chegwin.
The star died last night after a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition."
And Edmonds - who starred in Swap Shop with the star - said his death came as "a profound shock".
"I had absolutely no idea that Keith was so poorly, I've just been talking to John Craven and he didn't know," he said.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Grab)
He added: "And as you can probably tell I'm very upset by the lost of my first telly chum because we weren't just colleagues, we were good mates."
As Noel talked about their time on Swap Shop together, his voice broke as he teared up.
And fans took to Twitter to share their heartbreak listening to the interview.
"Tearful tribute from Noel Edmonds on BBC Radio 4 #RIPKeithChegwin," one listener tweeted.
"Sad to hear Cheggers passed away, but more crushing was hearing Noel Edmonds break down on pm on radio4," another wrote.
(Image: London Features International)
"I've lost my first real telly chum and I'm certain I'm not alone in shedding tears for a true telly legend," Edmonds told the Radio Times earlier today.
"Cheggers and I launched Swap Shop together.
"Yes, we had the wonderful broadcaster John Craven to keep us in line but it was the chemistry between myself and Keith that initially created the Swap Shop magic that enthralled millions of children every Saturday morning on BBC1.
"Only those who've presented live television really know how difficult it is to make it look easy.
"I had the luxury of hosting the show from behind the desk in a warm studio but Keith was out on the road in all weathers. He was an extraordinary showman capable of entertaining a vast crowd of excited children during the long periods between his live contributions to the show."
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. – Hurricane Irma left more than just downed trees and power lines across Florida. It also forced raw sewage into the streets of cities all over the state.
No city saw more sewage-related headlines than St. Petersburg, which has battled three years of problems related to sewage leaks, dumps and botched public relations.
But on the eve of hurricane season 2018, Mayor Rick Kriseman is confident that the city is in better shape to deal with heavy rain than at any other point during his tenure.
The city is about halfway through a five-year, $300+ million sewer system upgrade that Kriseman believes should address the overwhelming majority of sewage capacity & treatment issues.
St. Petersburg had to pump partially-treated sewage into the ground last year during Hurricane Irma, where parts of the city got more than seven inches of rain. While many other Florida cities also had to release sewage during heavy rain, St. Pete's incident stood out because of the city's history with sewage problems and their failure to immediately disclose the problem.
Kriseman shared his thoughts on the sewer upgrades, as well as the city's handling of environmental information:
► Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
Take a sneak peek at Trainspotting 2 in the brand
Watch the trailer for Hostage to the Devil
Watch: The FINAL trailer for Beauty and the Beast
Watch the trailer for Manchester By The Sea
Watch the new teaser for Doctor Who
Davina is praised for saving 'The Nighly Show' on
Take a sneak peek at the second instalment of Lov
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Doctor Who will have a new time travelling companion in the Christmas Special – in the shape of the first Time Lord.
Harry Potter star David Bradley will reprise his role as William Hartnell's original Doctor, which he previously played for the BBC sci-fi show's 50th anniversary in 2013.
He will flank Peter Capaldi 's 12th incarnation in this year's festive outing, following the departure of Pearl Mackie as Bill Potts at the end of this series (despite rave reviews after her debut on Saturday).
In the plot, the first Doctor has to help the current one play out his last mission in the Tardis. The pair must work together to save home planet Gallifrey by moving it to another dimension.
(Photo: BBC)
Fans will discover the close-up shot of Capaldi's eyes from the 50th special, The Day of the Doctor, was actually the start of his own regeneration.
(Photo: BBC)
The scene, which was the only glimpse that viewers got of Matt Smith's successor during the entire episode, will be returned to at Christmas as Capaldi transforms into the 13th Doctor.
Bradley, 73, is best known for his role as Argus Filch in the Potter films and as the suicidal newsagent in the first series of Broadchurch. He first played Hartnell's Doctor in drama-documentary An Adventure in Time and Space.
An insider revealed: “David was convincing as Hartnell, it's exciting he's back.
(Photo: BBC)
“Four years ago it took all the previous Doctors to save Gallifrey, so maybe some of the others will also pop up in Capaldi's swansong.
“It's great that the first Doctor will be there to help out during those all-important regeneration moments.”
Hartnell, who died in 1975, played the Doctor from 1963 to 1966.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Here are some of the stories we're following for Friday October 6th. 10/6/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal
Buy Photo John Handel and his friend John Harvey, both of Newark, check a 2017 Volkswagen Beetle on the first day of the Delaware Auto Show at the Chase Center on the Riverfront. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)Buy Photo
The cars are parked just left of the entrance and are on display in a roped-off area. You can look, but cannot touch.
They're the finest and flashiest cars inside the Chase Center on the Wilmington. But no one is really there to buy a new Porsche or a Maserati on the spot.
So, why do people go to auto shows?
Turns out, there are a bunch of reasons.
Opening day at the News Journal Media Group-hosted 2017 Delaware Auto Show, the largest indoor event in Delaware, brought people to the 11th annual event for a walk on their lunch break, a look at what the show has to offer and, for some, a photo op with the Porsches and Maseratis.
That's where New Castle's Mark Byam and his son, Isaiah, were. Mark was taking a picture of the luxury vehicles.
"I've been coming ever since the first one," he said.
Byam frequents the Philadelphia and New York Auto Shows, as well.
He said he likes being able to see a lot of different auto brands under the same roof.
That was the appeal for Newark's Ralph Hansen, who said Friday was his first time at the Delaware Auto Show in six years. Hansen's current vehicle has over 100,000 miles on it and he's in the market for a new car. A Hyundai hatchback caught his eye.
Hansen said Friday was an "informative" visit. The Wilmington Hall at the Chase Center featured manufacturers like Jeep, Hyundai, Chrysler, Kia, Toyota – which offers test drives to show attendees – and others.
"It's very convenient that way," Hansen said.
While Hansen looked around for his future car, Johannes Luedecke and his girlfriend, Katharina Berrens, took photos and sat in different vehicles. Luedecke said the couple was visiting the United States from Germany and, after spending the day in Baltimore Thursday, had some time to kill Friday before a trip to Washington Saturday.
Luedecke said the event was "quite similar" to car shows he's attended in Germany.
The car show continues Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and the weekend features more attractions, including appearances Saturday by Spider-Man and Flyers legend Bob "The Hound" Kelly.
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/business/2017/10/06/auto-show-brings-car-fans-chase-center-different-reasons-friday-afternoon/740298001/
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prior to opening its Bristol restaurant this week, co-owner Tom Barton threw down the gauntlet by saying Honest Burgers serves the best patty in the UK.
That might have ruffled a few feathers with the city's independent burger joints and their fans but it certainly helped with a bit of pre-launch publicity.
So, too, did a week of Honest Burgers pop-ups, including one at St Michael's Hill pub the Robin Hood, which went down well with the locals, university students and NHS staff who were given a generous discount.
(Image: Kirstie Young)
After such a vigorous PR campaign before its official opening in Clare Street - in what was previously Tincan Coffee - nobody could accuse this London-based burger chain of not trying its best to get the name out there.
And who can blame them? In increasingly torrid conditions for restaurant chains, the so-called ‘better burger' market must be one of the toughest sectors to make a mark.
One only has to look at the closures of Byron, Polpo/Spuntino, Wild Wood and MeatLiquor to see how difficult London chains have found Bristol, although much of this could be simply down to the fact that the city's discerning diners prefer to support the independents more than the chains backed by deep-pocketed investors.
(Image: Kirstie Young)
Interestingly, Honest Burgers decided that one way to win over the locals is by using as many Bristol suppliers as possible, especially on the drinks menu.
This means beers from local breweries Good Chemistry and Moor, as well as gin from Kingsdown microdistillery Psychopomp, which formed the base of my refreshing Honest G&T.
Reclaimed wood, booths with ribbed glass partitions, oversize lightbulbs and whitewashed exposed brickwork - the Honest Burgers look isn't dramatically different from other industrial-styled burger restaurants but they've made good use of the space with plenty of high stools in the window and an extra dining room in the basement in front of the open kitchen.
Run by Tom Barton, Phil Eles and Dorian Waite, Honest Burgers started as one site in Brixton Village in 2011 and it has grown to 23 restaurants in London, with sites also in Cambridge and Reading.
(Image: Bristol Live)
In a saturated market, the owners have pinpointed the fact that they have their own butchery to make the burgers as one of the company's USPs, along with making their own chips and sauces everyday.
They use only the chuck and rib cap cuts of beef and the meat is chopped rather than minced, which results in a different texture and eating experience.
The menu includes a vegetarian burger - cauliflower, tomato, sweetcorn, shallots, spices, coriander and cucumber yoghurt - and a free-range chicken breast burger with lettuce, tomato and mustard mayonnaise.
The rest are made with beef, ranging in price from the basic burger at £8.75 to the £12.95 ‘Bristol' burger (beef, bacon, Westcombe Dairy smoked Cheddar and cheese curds, cider gravy, shoestring fries, onion and pickles).
(Image: Bristol Live)
The chilli burger (£10.95) lived up to its fiery billing, the soft, glazed bun layered with a nicely seasoned, juicy beef patty with a pleasingly coarse texture, chilli cheese, bacon, Jalapeño relish, lettuce, red onion and hot sauce with serious punch.
All burgers arrive with rosemary salted chips as part of the price, rather than a pricy bolt-on, although they were a little soft and not as crisp-edged as they could have been.
My daughter motored her way through her Honest Burger (a beef burger with a jammy red onion relish, crisp smoked bacon, Cheddar, pickled cucumber and lettuce) although she noted that the patty was juicier when she ordered the same one at the Robin Hood pop-up last month.
We both agreed that they were decent burgers but were they really good enough to warrant regular return visits when there are so many better alternatives in the city? Possibly not.
(Image: Bristol Live)
THE VERDICT:
They may have a way to go before they beat Bristol independent burger benchmarks like Asado , Squeezed and Oowee but Honest's commitment to quality and supporting local suppliers is sure to gain them a loyal following among the city's burgerati.
RATINGS:
Overall: Three
Food: Three
Service : Three
Value: Three
Ambience: Three
Where: Honest Burgers, 21 Clare Street, Bristol, BS1 1XA. Tel: 0117 2033648. www.honestburgers.co.uk
Vandals have caused thousands of pounds worth of damage to vehicles in Clitheroe in the past week.
The wrecking spree took place over the weekend and particularly on the evening of Bank Holiday Monday when a number of vehicles were damaged or property stolen from inside. Police are reminding motorists to keep their cars locked at all times and not to keep any valuables on show.
Offenders targeted vehicles in Lune Road, Blakewater Road, Kemple View, Balmoral Avenue, Windsor Avenue, Dunster Grove, Asland Crescent, Croal Road and Ribble Prospect.
A Ribble Valley Police spokesman said: "Six of these thefts have been from insecure vehicles on people's drives and the other crimes involve smashing windows and removing items on view. We are reminding all the borough's residents to secure vehicles and remove any items of any value from display. We are currently in possession of CCTV stills from one of these offences where a white male was seen interfering with a motor vehicle at about 2-20am on Tuesday morning on Lune Road. It is believed this male is also responsible for the other crimes on the new estate."
He added: "Police will be increasing targeted patrols to these areas, but if any persons have any information please contact david. simpson@lancashire.pnn.police.uk.
MUMBAI: Deepika Padukone at the Indian Economic Summit once again spoke about her depression and told the world that she may not be completely out of this mental illness, reports India.com.
As quoted by several news reports, Deepika Padukone apparently told that she is always living under a constant fear that her depression might relapse someday. And to live in such a fear is not easy. At the India Economic Summit in Delhi, Deepika Padukone talked about everything regarding mental illness that also included the stigma that exists in people's minds.
Deepika had earlier spoken about her battling with depression. She had also broken down while talking about. People across appreciated her for her courage to come out openly about this. Deepika mentioned that it is important to include mental health education in schools and not just focus on physical education.
This way any stigma associated to it will be erased. She also pointed out at how workplaces should recognize depression and help them deal with it. Since a star like Deepika Padukone came out in the open about her depression without fearing any repercussions career-wise, it is only fair that we bring your attention to this mental illness. So if you have a friend or colleague who you think may be suffering from depression, reach out to them, talk to them and tell them it is okay.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Bristol Rugby likely to be back at the top table of European rugby next season, playing in the Aviva Premiership and European Challenge Cup, we take a look at all the transfer news and rumours at the clubs they could be playing next season.
Edinburgh looking to lure Gloucester centre
Gloucester Rugby are set to lose centre Matt Scott to Pro14 club Edinburgh according to podcast The Rugby Pod.
Scott was ruled out for a couple of months back in early October after injuring his ankle against Leicester Tigers requiring an operation.
The Scotland international was a key player in the Cherry and Whites' run to the European Challenge Cup final last season and is something of a fan favourite at Kingsholm.
Scott, 27, has earned 39 caps for Scotland and was part of the side which beat Australia 24-19 back in November.
Gloucester signed Scott ahead of the 2016-17 season from Edinburgh.
Midi Olympique rumours
French sport newspaper Midi Olympique has been churning out the transfer news and rumours - here are some of the latest.
One time All Black swapping Chiefs for Lyon
One time New Zealand All Black and Chiefs centre Charlie Ngatai is swapping Super Rugby for the French Top 14
Ngatai, 27, is joining Lyon it has been confirmed. After making his test debut against Samoa in Apia in 2015, Ngatai has suffered from a couple of serious concussions which kept him out of action for more than a year.
France U20s proper Daniel Brennan is off to Montpellier from Toulouse.
Wasps and Connacht centres wanted by French club
French international centre Gaël Fickou is reported on his way to Racing 92 at the end of his current contract, which runs out in 2019.Toulouse are very short of options in the centre with Yann David off to Castres and Florian Fritz retiring.
They are being linked with Pita Ahki from Connacht and Kyle Eastmond from Wasps.
Begles win battle for Fijian international winger
Bordeaux have signed Fijian international winger Semi Radradra from Toulon - his current club are understood to have wanted to keep him but the 25-year-old former rugby league star has signed a two year deal at Begles. Midi Olympique are reporting his salary next year could be around 600,000 euros.
Radradra was reported to be wanted by his old NRL club Parramatta Eels who had hoped to bring the try scoring winger back to the club after he left the NRL side last year.
He scored an impressive 82 tries in just 94 matches for Eels during his five year stint and played Australia once in 2016.
However Radradra is now reported as having ambitions to play for Fiji at the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan.
Wasps chasing Springbok prop
South African international prop Marcel van der Merwe is said to be wanted by Aviva Premiership side Wasps.
The 27-year-old is a seven cap Springbok and currently plays for Toulon who are said to have won the race to keep him at the club despite interest from the English side and Montpellier.
America's Next Top Rest Stop: An App Compiles The Best Gas Station Bathrooms Millions of Americans are hitting the roads for the holiday. With road trips come pit stops, and fuel price tracker Gas Buddy has compiled a list of the best bathrooms using user reviews.
America's Next Top Rest Stop: An App Compiles The Best Gas Station Bathrooms America's Next Top Rest Stop: An App Compiles The Best Gas Station Bathrooms America's Next Top Rest Stop: An App Compiles The Best Gas Station Bathrooms Audio will be available later today. Millions of Americans are hitting the roads for the holiday. With road trips come pit stops, and fuel price tracker Gas Buddy has compiled a list of the best bathrooms using user reviews. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
The Square Kilometre Array (SKA) will host a two-day stakeholder forum site visit in Carnarvon month end. The forum aims to bring together all organisations and partners under one roof and elaborate on possible relations during the tenure of the project.
A collaboration with the Pixley ka Seme district municipality will give members of the media, stakeholders and government officials an opportunity to interact with SKA members and know the day-to-day running of the multibillion-rand project. The office of the mayor, Merriam Kibi, will be facilitating the event aimed at educating the people regarding the SKA.
“The main objective of the forum is to create a network in order to enhance service delivery. All departments are invited to provide a report on current affairs and future projects within the respective organisations,” the municipality said. The municipality said it was vital that it takes part in the event to strengthen the relations with relevant stakeholders. Last week, President Jacob Zuma applauded the Department of Science and Technology for investing in the SKA project, which has created jobs and boosted the economy of the province.
The president said the projects had yielded positive results and had put the country on the map in terms of science. The South African government has invested about R2bn into the project, acquiring eight African states as partners and managing to use 75% local content to construct the MeerKAT telescope. Zuma said since the country won the bid to host the SKA telescope significant progress has been made in building this mega science project and reaping its benefits.
“Together with its precursor,the MeerKAT telescope, the SKA project continues to make important contributions to socio-economic development in South Africa,” Zuma said. He said working closely with the industry, the Department of Science and Technology is implementing a technology strategy.
“This has led to job creation in the Northern Cape and diversification of the economy through the creation of artisan and maintenance of jobs and the promotion of science as a career of choice.” The SKA is one initiative which brings together scientists in the disciplines such as mathematics, physics, computer science and other fields to build the largest scientific infrastructure on the continent.
SKA is one of the projects which has positioned the country on the map with scientists across the world showing interest to work on it once complete.
-Tiisetso Manoko|tiisetsom@thenewage.co.za
European Council president Donald Tusk and the European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker paying tribute to Mahatma Gandhi, in Delhi on Friday. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: Domestic criticism of economic growth notwithstanding, the European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Friday said nobody outside India calls its 5.7% gross domestic product (GDP) growth as a slowdown as it is much better than that clocked by major economies of Europe.
“What you are calling a slowdown would be a major performance in Europe; 5.7% by comparison to 2% in Europe is showing that India is doing well. I wouldn't be too afraid of what you are calling slowdown. Nobody outside India is calling this a slowdown,” he said on the sidelines of India European Union Business Forum in New Delhi.
The comment comes amidst intense criticism in the country over the its economic growth rate slowing down to three-year low of 5.7% in the first quarter ended June due to demonetisation and implementation of the goods and services tax (GST).
World Bank president Jim Yong Kim had said on Thursday that the recent slowdown in India's economic growth is an “aberration” mainly due to the temporary disruptions in preparation for the GST and it will get corrected in the coming months.
Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha had in a recent article headlined “I need to speak up now”, described the economy as a “mess” that will not resuscitate before the next general elections in 2019. Sinha had said the purpose behind highlighting the concerns about the economy through an article was to bring certain issues in public domain so that the government does a course correction.
He said he did not expect his article to create “such a furore”.
× Amazon Issues Refunds for Potentially Phony Eclipse Glasses
Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses.
The company said Sunday that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that “may not comply with industry standards.”
Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website “out of an abundance of caution.” It did not name any of those listings in its statement.
To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses. There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause.
Related: How to avoid buying ‘bogus' solar eclipse glasses
But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market.
The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice “in response to alarming reports” of unsafe glasses selling online.
The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization.
To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold.
Illinois Gubernatorial Candidates Carry Political Baggage In Illinois, two very rich men vying for their parties' gubernatorial nominations are dominating the conversation, and it's not necessarily to their benefit.
Karl Robinson has admitted that Charlton's habit of conceding late has damaged their League One play-off hopes.
Tom Elliott struck a stoppage time equaliser in Saturday's 1-1 draw at AFC Wimbledon.
And the Addicks were also leading 1-0 before Fleetwood also levelled in added time in the previous match at The Valley.
Robinson said: “Without the last three or four minutes of the last two games we'd be sat two points off the play-offs with two games in hand.
“I can't question their effort. Did they have a shot on target apart from the goal? Not many teams will come here and do that to the opposition. If I have a criticism it is at 1-0 up we had four or five chances that we didn't take.
“We got into the final third in the 92nd minute and we try and put a cross in – it's a blatant penalty [on Josh Magennis]. We get frustrated with the referee that we don't get it and we switch off.
“It's not fitness levels, it's a mentality late in games that we've got to find.
“It's frustrating but we have a massive week now. We move on to Oldham. We don't have time to feel sorry for ourselves.
“If we were talking about the last 90 to 120 minutes being wrong then we'd have a big problem. We have a very small fragment of a problem.
“People can't say it is mentality because at the Macron Stadium against Bolton we were not weak – we were men, we were warriors.
“It's not the aggression, it's when it gets random in a match that we have got to be more connected on what we do.
“One player held his hand up and said ‘me' – and they took what I had to say.”
Man To Plead Guilty To Buying Weapons Used In San Bernardino Attack
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Robles/AP Bill Robles/AP
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City have had their normal ticket allocation for Severnside derby fixture away at Cardiff City halved.
The decision has been made by Police following reports of ‘recent disorder' from fans.
The club have said they will legally challenge the decision.
Just 1,481 tickets will be allocated to Bristol City fans for the Sky Bet Championship fixture at the Cardiff City Stadium on Sunday, February 25th.
Bluebirds fans were given an initial 2,600 tickets for the game at Ashton Gate back in November, then an additional 700 after selling out their first allocation, making it 3,300 in total.
The Robins won 2-1 that day thanks to goals from Callum O'Dowda and Aden Flint, Cardiff scored through Omar Bogle.
A statement on the Bristol City website said: “The decision to reduce the ticket allocation was as a result of request from South Wales Police to hold an extraordinary SAG [Safety Advisory Group] Meeting.
“In that meeting they produced evidence of recent disorder and asked for our allocation to be cut by 50 per cent.
“The result of this was 1,481 tickets being allocated, albeit without any restrictions placed on the travel of our fans.
“The club is extremely disappointed with the actions to date and believe it unfairly disadvantages our supporters and also our club for a key fixture.
“We will continue to challenge this legally, working with the EFL, Football Safety Officers Association and Sports Grounds Safety Authority, in a bid to receive more tickets for our supporters.”
Because the game is not being shown on Sky Sports and the small allocation of tickets Bristol City have requested a beamback to the Sports Bar & Pizzeria at Ashton Gate, for fans who can not make the trip to Cardiff.
The goods and services tax (GST) regime mandates obtaining permits called e-way bills for transporting goods consignment of more than Rs50,000 in value. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
New Delhi: Cooking gas or LPG, kerosene, jewellery and currency are among the common use items that have been exempted from the requirement of obtaining electronic permits for transportation under the GST regime. The goods and services tax (GST) regime, rolled out from 1 July, mandates obtaining permits called e-way bills for transporting goods consignment of more than Rs50,000 in value with a view to checking tax evasion.
A senior finance ministry official said the GST Council in its last meeting on 5 August approved a list of 153 items that have been exempted from the requirement of obtaining e- way bills. These include domesticated animals like bovine animals, swine and fish, fruits and vegetables, fresh milk, honey, seeds, cereals and flour.
Also exempted is movement of betel leaves, non-alcoholic toddy, raw silk, khadi, earthen pots and clay lamps, puja samagri and hearing aids. Human hair, semen including frozen semen and condoms and contraceptives have also been exempted.
The official said cooking gas for supply to households and kerosene for sale under public distribution system (PDS) too have been exempted from the requirement of getting the consignment registered online before moving them.
On the exempt list is also postal baggage as also currency, jewellery and used personal and household effects, he said. E-way bill is also not required if goods are transported by non-motorised conveyances.
Goods transported from international ports to hinterland ports for clearance by customs have been exempted from the requirement. The electronic permit would have to be generated when consignment value exceeds Rs50,000 and is optional if the value is less than that.
The provision would kick-in from a date to be notified by the central government after the backbone software for generating such permits is ready by the National Informatics Centre (NIC), which is likely by October. Such a permit has to detail the goods being transported, the mode used, origin and destination besides details of the supplier, recipient and transporter.
The official said there is no need of conveyance details when the distance of transport is less than 10km within a state. The e-way bills, which can be checked by designated tax officials by intercepting a transporting vehicle, are aimed at helping authorities keep track of goods and inter-state commerce.
This is particularly useful when most states have dismantled border checkposts that operated under the previous indirect tax administrations, thereby reducing the time needed for the movement of goods across states.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Hundreds of people in the New Zealand city of Christchurch were evacuated from their homes Wednesday as wildfires threatened some suburbs.
At least one home was burned down in the Port Hills.
The mayors of Christchurch City and the adjacent Selwyn District declared a state of emergency. Selwyn Mayor Sam Broughton said changing winds had made the fires unpredictable.
He said the region had been unusually dry for the past three years and that the grass in the hills had turned brown over the Southern Hemisphere summer.
Advertisement
Smoke and ash was being blown across Christchurch, New Zealand's second-largest city. Broughton said displaced residents were staying at evacuation centers or with relatives.
“They need to look after one another, and make sure they have a place to go to tonight,” he said.
Phil Claude told Radio New Zealand he and his family ran down a grass track to escape the fire, which destroyed their home.
“I could see that the smoke and the flames were being blown right up toward our house,” he said. “And I just yelled ‘Get out. Get out!'”
New Zealand's military has been deployed to provide water tankers and engineering equipment as well as firefighters and other personnel.
A helicopter pilot died in a crash Tuesday while fighting the blaze.
The military revealed the pilot, Cpl. David Steven Askin, had won one of the country's top awards for bravery, for his efforts in Afghanistan. A member of the elite Special Air Service, Askin's identity was kept secret at the time he won the Gallantry Star medal in 2014. He was cited for efforts that included helping save guests during the 2011 siege of the luxury Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul that left at least 20 people dead.
“Corporal Askin was wounded by grenade and rifle fire, yet carried on his mission and rescued guests from the hotel as fire broke out,” the Defence Force said in a statement.
Related Coverage New Haven churches open their doors and their hearts
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Marco Reyes spoke with News 8 for the first time since his ordeal with ICE began. The Meriden father of three has been living at a church near the New Haven Green, seeking sanctuary at the First and Summerfield United Methodist Church after he was set to be deported back to Ecuador last Tuesday. Instead, he walked into the church last week surrounded by family, religious leaders and community members.
On Sunday night, a large crowd gathered outside the church for a vigil of support. News 8 caught up with Reyes behind a group of supporters standing on the top of the steps in front of the church. That's where I was able to ask him a few questions.
First, I asked him what all of this support means to him.
Related: New Haven churches open their doors and their hearts
“This is amazing,” he said. “It's very important to me right now. For me, for my family, for all of us. I'm very happy.”
Reyes also said this whole ordeal has been very, very hard on him and the church has become like his second home. He's very happy that he can interact and be with his children there.
“My family is everything,” he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 19-year-old man from London has been charged after police pursued a suspicious vehicle that later crashed in Bristol city centre.
Officers began following a suspicious vehicle in Waterloo Street near Old Market at around 1pm on Tuesday, July 3, and the driver attempted to flee.
Members of the public then reported witnessing an incident in Marsh Street near Baldwin Street shortly after, when a car collided with two vehicles.
Rajae Heslop, 19, from Harrow has been charged over the incident.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: "Rajae Heslop, 19 of Harrow, was charged with dangerous driving and failing to stop. He was released on bail and is due to appear at Bristol Magistrates' Court on July 26."
(Image: BristolLive)
One witness said:"Guy in Polo TDI came round the corner right in front of me. Then came the sirens. Police came from everywhere."
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said after the incident: "Officers spotted a suspicious vehicle in Waterloo Street at about 1pm today. We followed the vehicle before it was lost to sight.
"The vehicle then came to a halt shortly afterwards having collided with two other vehicles in Marsh Street. The two occupants of the vehicle have been detained by officers."
What makes a good Christmas? Friends and family get-togethers, presents and those special festive foods which are delicious, look tempting and are almost impossible to resist. Christmas comes once a year, so why shouldn't you have turkey with all the trimmings, Christmas pudding, mince pies, cream, cheese, trifle, pork pie, chocolates, nuts and a glass or two? Well, a typical Christmas dinner will probably be 1,000 calories alone and the day's intake could tot up to 6,000! All that food is hard to stomach and the most likely consequence is indigestion. When you eat, your stomach produces acid as part of the digestion process but this acid can sometimes irritate the lining of the stomach, the top part of the bowel or the oesophagus. Large amounts of food can also stretch the stomach causing acid reflux known as heartburn, so called because of the burning pain behind your breastbone. So, what can be done? Antacids – can provide immediate relief by neutralising stomach acid, which reduces irritation and discomfort. Alginates – are helpful with acid reflux and help prevent stomach acid getting into the oesophagus, causing heartburn. Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPIs) – these restrict the acid produced by the stomach and are taken as tablets. Formerly only available on prescription, but now in the pharmacy. H2-receptor antagonists – like PPIs used to be prescription-only, but some are now available over the counter from your pharmacy. They work by interacting with the stomach cells which release acid, lowering the acidity level in your stomach.
It's definitely worth making sure that you ‘have something in' for indigestion, especially at Christmas time. If you are taking prescribed medication, or suffer from a long-term condition, always speak to your pharmacist before buying. If you have persistent or recurring indigestion, you should seek advice from your GP.
If you do indulge, there's always that New Year's resolution to be more active – oh, and you'll only have to walk for 21.5 hours to burn off those Christmas Day calories.
Have a Happy Christmas!
If you are considering adding charitable value to your business, the one-for-one business model can help you embrace the rise of social entrepreneurship and benefit your business.
Popularized by Santa Monica based shoe retailer Toms, whose generous business model rewards consumers by instantly adding altruistic significance to their own purchases. Toms originally made a promise to deliver a pair of free shoes to a child in need for every sale. Though Toms has since expanded its charitable offerings, consumers have been quick to buy into the feel good factor that buying one and donating one achieves.
Toms may have set the wheels in motion, but the business model has been replicated by numerous companies since. The generous consumer benefits have received plenty of praise, but also some criticism for how effective is has proven to be in delivering a positive social impact.
Related: 5 Lessons We Can All Learn From This Entrepreneur's Philanthropic Journey
Some businesses have come under fire for sending single products to countries that are lacking in even the most basic of social amenities, and have been accused of engaging in short-sighted marketing attempts to win over the socially conscious consumer, without assisting aid-based economies in any practical way. For example, giving shoes to children who have none will certainly help one aspect of their daily lives, but without food, housing and access to education and healthcare, their feet are the least of their worries.
So how do you go about achieving a more sustainable impact through your business?
Related: Why Business Leaders Make the Best Social Entrepreneurs
Organizations like B1G1 offer the infrastructure to enable contributions with minimal resources, but you can also look at businesses like eyewear company Warby Parker, who has created a more targeted approach. It not only donates glasses to children, but also provide the tools and training needed to administer basic eye exams, as well as selling glasses at affordable prices. The company has identified that across the developing world, just one pair of glasses increases productivity by as much as 35 percent, which in turn increases monthly income by 20 percent.
Wildflower and Oak is another business who has discovered how to turn a good idea into practical donations that have a far-reaching impact. As a purveyor of baby blankets, for every product they sell, they donate a clean delivery kit to a locally based charity, Midwives For Haiti.
Related: 4 Ways to Engage Your Customers in Social Good -- And Why It Matters
The one-for-one model isn't restricted to product based businesses either. A marketing agency could donate consulting hours to an NGO. A printing company could donate educational books to communities in need. The possibilities for implementation are endless.
The one-for-one business model has the potential to effect monumental change in social and economic development. However, getting it right is the key to its ongoing success.
Any business trying to make the world a better place, one pair of shoes, glasses or blanket at a time, should be applauded. However, if you are looking for a way to give through your business, find a solution that offers a wider impact on our global community as a whole.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of the basket
A new device which lets you control your dreams
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket queues are the bane of all our lives - but that could all be set to change thanks to new technology .
Automated checkouts could be set to scan all your shopping while it's still in the basket, slashing the amount of time people need to spend at the check-out.
A new system, known as Reji Robo, is being introduced in Japan.
The revolutionary shopping system scans and packs all your items for you - and there'll be much less waiting, reports the Daily Mail .
Using minute radio-frequency ID tags, which work out what's in your basket, the new shopping system has been designed by Panasonic .
Shoppers just pop into the supermarket, pick what they want and then put their basked in the bagging area, where it is scanned and packed.
The checkout, made by Panasonic, uses tiny radio-frequency ID tags attached to each item to tally up what's in your basket at the end of your shop.
All shoppers have to do is select what they want from the shelves and then place their basket in the bagging area, with the checkout doing the rest.
Your shopping will be fed into a carrier bag after the bottom of the basket gives way, passed back to you and the cost of your shop is displayed on the till.
Then all that's left to do is pay .
The bottom of the basket drops away as all the items are fed into a carrier bag and then passed back to you.
The system is currently being rolled out at stores across Japan, with 7-Eleven the latest to sign up, Japanese website Nikkei Asian Review reports.
Four major Japanese chains will sign up over the next year while it is hoped it will be in all supermarkets by 2025.
Panasonic claims the technology will reduce shopping times by 10 per cent.
The tech firm also claims the system will reduce food waste, as it will keep a highly accurate record of everything bought from the store and when it is purchased.
Sweetwater police Detective Juan Llera was at his office a few blocks away, when he heard what he thought was a bomb exploding. It was not a bomb; it was a bridge, a structure every American has passed under hundreds of times. But in an instant, this 950-ton span under construction at the Florida International University collapsed, and with no time to act or to flee, the cars that just so happened to be below it were pancaked under the rubble. Six people died.
I'm all about reaching kids and showing them the potential that can be unlocked so they can be independent learners,” says Leah Veal, founder of Bees Learning, a mobile tutoring service.
Through Bees Learning, Veal and a team of certified teachers-turned-tutors bring free, weekly literacy tutoring to multiple locations, including the Gulfport Library. The literacy tutoring is open to elementary students who attend schools with a “C” rating or lower or children who are homeschooled.
Veal spent six years teaching at Fairmont Elementary and experienced the challenges that underserved students and teachers of failing schools face. During her time teaching 1st grade, she found most students were coming to her classroom unprepared, with many students reading below grade level. Through her teaching, Veal said she was able to get 80% of her students on or above grade level in reading.
After seeing how her methods worked in improving kids' reading skills, Veal was inspired to create Bee's Learning, a non-profit dedicated to increasing reading proficiency in all children.
The nonprofit became official in September, with Veal leaving teaching to work on Bees full-time in December. Through her own funding, Veal purchased and renovated an RV in March, solidifying the mobile aspect of her organization, and made Bees Learning officially ready for students. The RV is used as a mobile classroom, so Bees tutors can teach on the go.
“Not all families can afford $40 for tutoring and I wanted to bring this to all kids,” said Veal.
Tutor and program coordinator Annie Nemeth finds her work with Bees Learning to be rewarding, both for herself and for parents and students. “I love just watching them grow and make the connections between letters and the sounds,” said Nemeth.
Bees Learning funds it's free literacy tutoring via a few different channels: grants, weekly fundraising, sponsorship via advertising on the mobile classroom, and through funds collected for fee-based in home tutoring. The city of St. Petersburg awarded Bees a Youth Development Grant and they've also been funded by smaller grants, like one they accepted from the Debartolo Family Foundation in Tampa.
Each tutoring session is divided into two hours, says Veal, with the first hour reserved for readers in kindergarten through 2nd grade; the second hour is for students in grades 3 through 5. Students will participate in a whole-class reading and then break into smaller groups to focus on specific skills. The group meets on Thursday nights at the Gulfport Recreation Center from 6 to 8 p.m.
Bees Learning works at three locations: Child's Park Recreation Center, Campbell Park Recreation Center and the Gulfport Library. The tutoring program runs for 10 months, taking breaks in December and July.
Nemeth says she looks forward to seeing the literacy tutoring program grow.
“I would love to see us add more locations to service more students more frequently,” she says.
Currently spots for students K through 2nd are full, but there are two spots per location available for 3rd through 5th grade readers.
To sign up, parents can call Bees Learning at 727-281-6564 or fill out a registration packet, available at any of the three locations.
“This is a community-based program,” said Veal. “The community needs us, and we need the community.”
This story appears in the December 2017 issue of Entrepreneur. Subscribe »
It may be the most wonderful time of the year, but it can be the trickiest. We asked six entrepreneurs: What are you giving your teams for the holidays?
1. Money!
“I'm giving the same thing I always give: cash. Some of our staff are young single moms, some are empty-nesters who are my age, and then we've got everything in between. The best [gifting] success we've had historically has been the one thing everyone seems to like: greenbacks. To mark other occasions, we've sent plenty of folks on weekend getaways over the years, just not at holiday time -- I know how valuable that time is.”
-- Andrew Zimmern, creator, executive producer and host, Bizarre Foods on Travel Channel
Related: The Importance of Properly Managing a Startup Team During the Holidays and Beyond
2. Puppy (and pig) love
“Our staff are all crazy animal people -- we have everything from pigs and dogs to cats and chickens. So I'm giving everyone Zookies Cookies: mason jar pet-treat mixes that you bake into what can best be described as critter crack! It's a quirky, local Raleigh startup that's near and dear to our hearts. My dog, Mouse, was an early taste tester. Love the flavors, love that they're fun to make, and love that this honors something we all cherish outside of work.”
-- Cindy Whitehead, CEO, The Pink Ceiling
3. High spirits
“I'd love to give helicopter tours, but more likely, booze. Helicopters aren't in our budget, and booze helps mitigate the emotional roller-coaster of building a business. As a team, we came together this year to launch Revere, so we certainly have a lot to celebrate, but as a startup, we're all about that capital efficiency. And a well-aged bottle of mescal makes for a more memorable evening than pretty much anything else money can buy. So, booze it is!”
-- Matt Scott, co-founder and CEO, Revere
Related: 5 Ways to Relax and Recharge During the Holidays
4. Brand DNA
“I want to give my team original copies of the [now defunct counterculture magazine] Whole Earth Catalog -- one of my biggest points of inspiration, encouraging a life of adventure, using your hands to create things and maintaining a connection with the great outdoors. It's in that same spirit that we at Best Made Co. live and breathe. Actually, a friend said she can introduce me to Stewart Brand, the man behind the catalog. Maybe I'll get him to sign them!”
-- Peter Buchanan-Smith, founder, Best Made Co.
5. Words of wisdom
“We're asking each employee to name a book that impacted their life in a positive way. We'll purchase all of them, and each team member will sign their recommendation with a little note about why it's special. No spoilers, of course! We're going to create a holiday library, and our team will browse wrapped books with teaser descriptions on the front and select what they're drawn to the most. Getting lost in a book is a powerful tool for creativity and invention.”
-- Gina Waldhorn, president, Quirky
Related: 5 Tips to Get Your Website Ready for the Holidays
6. Quality time
“My team is close-knit, but we're physically spread across multiple continents. We work with artists all over the world, and being remote helps us build strong communities in various cities and test ideas in different markets. Because of that, we want to give our team the gift of time spent together. We plan on traveling to a destination where none of us has ever been. We've done this before with a small part of the team and visited Nairobi. Our next destination is up for a vote!”
-- Nahema Mehta, co-founder and CEO, Absolut Art
By The Associated Press
HAMBURG, N.Y. (AP) — When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, beating back a challenge from hot-dog-eating champ Joey Chestnut.
Oji gulped down 22½ 16-ounce bowls of the leafy green vegetable in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition at the Erie County Fair in New York. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar.
The contest is billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.
Chestnut, of San Jose, California, consumed 20 kale servings. He is the reigning hot dog-eating champion at the Nathan's Famous in New York City.
Oji is Nigerian and now lives in Marrow, Georgia. He took the inaugural kale-eating title last year, consuming 25½ servings.
Sunday's event was an unlikely partnership between the Independent Health Foundation and Major League Eating.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Severe Storms, Tornadoes, Rip Through U.S. Southeast
An outbreak of severe storms, including several tornadoes erupted in a multi-state swath from Tennessee to Florida late Monday, leaving behind downed trees, power outages and numerous damaged structures, including on the campus of Jacksonville State University.
Large hail and strong winds accompanied the storms. The Weather Channel says Jacksonville, Ala., was likely hit by two tornadoes just minutes apart.
At Jacksonville State University, Athletic Director Greg Seitz said in a tweet that "we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum" and he later added that Logan Hall and Patterson Hall on the campus also sustained roof damage and that "[numerous] trees and power lines are down."
The Coliseum is home to JSU's men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
"I'm very thankful JSU is on spring break this week and most students are out of town," Seitz wrote.
In Limestone County, Ala., near the border with Tennessee, the sheriff's office posted photos of damaged structures and vehicles, but said there were no reports of injuries.
The Associated Press writes that "Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward."
According to The Weather Channel:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Organisers of St Paul's Carnival have announced one the city's educational institutions as a key benefactor just days before the event.
The University of Bristol has been named as a major sponsor for the 50th anniversary carnival on Saturday, July 7.
The carnival procession will start at noon, with roads closed off and more than 20 sound systems set up around St Pauls to mark the occasion.
The carnival has not been on for the past three years, and is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year.
Now it has been announced the university will sponsor two stages at the event, the main Windrush Stage at St Pauls Learning Centre and the World Carnival Stage in Portland Square.
(Image: Bristol Live)
The Russell Group institution will also give financial backing for five stalls for local groups and young enterprises at the carnival.
Those who will benefit include Sammy's Lunchtime pop-up club – a local elders group which meets weekly to reminisce, share stories, cook food and play dominoes – and The Lion of Judah, led by respected Rastafarian leader Judah Adunbi, which will be selling cultural merchandise and promoting the Rastafarian way of life.
Amari Cole, a young fashion entrepreneur, and Adrian Stone, who featured on a BBC programme to trace his roots and set up a business to help others do the same, have also received funding from the university to have a presence at the 50th anniversary event.
Meanwhile, university staff will be helping out at Tenaya's cake stall at the Malcolm X Community Centre, in support of their ambition to be registered as a food trader for 2019.
The partnership comes with the university's hierarchy keen to improve links with Bristol's BAME communities.
Commenting on the partnership, chair of St Pauls Carnival CIC Marti Burgess said: "We're pleased to be working with the university team; their support is invaluable to ensure the future legacy of the carnival as a free family event for everyone to enjoy for years to come.
"Long established institutions need to ensure they are relevant to the black community. Building visible relationships with the St Pauls Carnival like this is vital to encourage homegrown black young people to view the University of Bristol as a place to aspire to go.”
Professor Nishan Canagarajah, Pro-Vice Chancellor for Research and Enterprise and Chair of the Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Steering Group, said: “The theme for this year's event is unity which very much reflects the University's current outlook, and where better to strengthen existing partnerships, form new relationships and celebrate our city's diverse and rich culture than the famous St Pauls Carnival."
You can find out everything you need to know about St Paul's Carnival 2018 right here and here.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If there was any doubt about Ryan Donaldson's place in the Cambridge United history books, the response from fans to his move to Hartlepool showed the high regard in which he remains held.
Donaldson joined the newly-relegated Vanarama National League outfit yesterday (June 14) after being released by Plymouth following their promotion to Sky Bet League One at the end of the season.
But although the 26-year-old midfielder left United last summer, he will always be fondly remembered by supporters for helping the club win the FA Trophy and following it up by winning promotion back to the Football League in 2014.
Most of all, it was his stunning free kick in the Conference Premier play-off final against former club Gateshead that ensured his place in the United pantheon.
And there was a reference to that famous goal in a message on Twitter from Cambridge Fans United's heritage arm 100 Years of Coconuts.
On our Facebook page, there were also comments wishing Donaldson the best with amazement that he had dropped back down to non-League football.
Scott McGeorge said: "Quite surprised as he can certainly play league football & it is a big drop quality wise...albeit he is back closer to home which would have been a massive factor", while Graham Shipp remarked: "Ridiculous he is or was better than that level of football."
Andrew Keightley reflected: "Was never the same after the Man U home game. He was brilliant prior," while Carol Looker simply said: "Hope he does well there."
Jazz Musician Bob Dorough, Best Known For 'Schoolhouse Rock!,' Dies At 94 Bob Dorough was a bebop pianist and a jazz musician who recorded with Miles Davis. But he'll be best remembered for Schoolhouse Rock! — he sang and composed many of the programs songs. He died Monday at 94.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korean prosecutors said Monday the daughter of the confidante of disgraced President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark and authorities are working to get her returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that the president conspired to allow her longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, on the weekend on charges of staying their illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because she didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
Advertisement
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of her mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
Courtesy Photo | Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month proclamation signing participants pose...... read more Courtesy Photo | Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month proclamation signing participants pose for a photo at Joint Base Andrews, Md., April 6, 2017. The signing was one of multiple SAAPM events meant to raise cognizance about sexual harassment and violence, and inform military members about how to prevent it. (courtesy photo) see less | View Image Page
Base leaders and community members gathered for the Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month kick-off and proclamation signing April 6, 2017, at Joint Base Andrews.
SAAPM is recognized every April to raise cognizance about sexual harassment and violence, and inform military members how to prevent it.
“This month is dedicated to providing awareness and educating our installation members, not only about services and resources the Air Force provides, but the fact that [sexual assault] is a real issue in the military,” said Kari Merski, 11th Wing Sexual Assault Response Coordinator.
The month is focused on prevention, caring for victims, and taking appropriate action against people who commit these offenses.
“This year's Department of Defense theme is ‘Protecting Our People, Protects Our Mission,'” said Merski. “Everyone can make a personal commitment in regards to this theme since most of us want to care for our fellow comrades and defend our mission.”
“Walk in My Boots” was the second event held on April 7, 2017, which led participants from agency-to-agency in a path similar to what a survivor would take after reporting a sexual assault.
“We hope to have impacted members about the courage it takes for a survivor to report,” said Maria Lee, JBA victim advocate. “With reporting they have to deal with the incident over and over again telling their experience not only to one person, but to multiple others in order to get the help they need.”
The participants began at the base Sexual Assault Prevention Response Office and stopped at different points along the path to obtain knowledge about the process.
The event hosted a banner signing for people who want to make a pledge toward preventing sexual assault.
Throughout the month, there are multiple events planned to raise awareness on the issue of sexual assault.
Teal Tuesdays will occur every Tuesday in April, allowing military members to wear teal t-shirts as part of their utility uniform within the confines of the base.
A Strikeout Sexual Assault Softball Challenge at the JBA West Side Fitness Center Softball Fields is scheduled for April 28, 2017, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Base members are welcome to stop by and watch JBA personnel compete, as well as raise awareness during the final SAAPM event.
“The SAPR office highly encourages everyone in the community to take part in our SAAPM events,” said Lee. “By taking part in the awareness events not only do we highlight that we, as a community, can change the culture of sexual harassment and assault being non-tolerated, but we also support our survivors' journey from reporting to thriving.”
For more information, contact the SAPR office at (301) 981-1443. To report a sexual assault, call the SARC 24-hour hotline at (301) 981-7272.
Burnley fans took to social media following the defeat at the Etihad Stadium.
Despite the hosts being reduced to ten men they still had enough quality to break through a resilient Clarets defence. Second half foals from Clichy and Aguero were enough for the hosts despite former City man Ben Mee reducing the defecit. Here's how the Burnley fans felt following the defeat.
Animal behaviour experts at the University of Nottingham have developed a new tool which can be used to predict a young dog's likelihood of successfully completing guide dog training.
Working dog organisations like the charity Guide Dogs, who funded the research, need to regularly assess the behaviour of the dogs they breed for training as not all of them turn out to be suited to the role. The charity is the largest of its kind in the world, breeding around 1,400 dogs for possible guide dog training every year.
As part of a wider £500k epidemiology research collaboration with Guide Dogs, the researchers in the University's School of Veterinary Medicine and Science have created and tested a questionnaire-style decision tool which could help trainers from Guide Dogs to monitor and evaluate their dog's behaviour. The tool successfully predicted training outcomes in 16.9% of young dogs of 5 to 12 months old to an accuracy of 84%. The tool is called the Puppy Training Supervisor Questionnaire (PTSQ).
The aim is to identify dogs who are not suitable to a guiding role early, before they enter time-consuming and costly formal training. The PTSQ is also intended to improve the understanding of a young dog's behaviour, which Guide Dogs will use to inform their future training processes to give the best chances of success. The full study has been published in the journal PLOS ONE.
Lead researcher on the project, Dr Naomi Harvey, said: "Predicting working dog suitability in puppies has been a huge challenge to organisations for many years. If you've ever owned dogs you will know that every dog is different. They have their own characters and personality, which are heavily influenced by their life experiences. We were really pleased that this questionnaire-style behaviour assessment was able to effectively identify the dogs who were most, and least, suitable to guiding work, from a young age, and help to highlight those in between dogs who were at risk of failing training."
Chris Muldoon, Guide Dogs Research Development Manager, said:" The Puppy Training Supervisor Questionnaire is part of a suite of tools developed by the University of Nottingham for Guide Dogs. This tool, and the wider research project, is increasing our understanding of dog behavior and temperament to make informed decisions that will shape and improve our training processes."
The new behaviour assessment has been designed to be completed by training supervisors of young dogs at the age of 5, 8 and 12 months old. Questions were sourced either from previously published literature or created from suggestions from Guide Dogs staff surveys and feedback. This large study revealed seven reliable and interpretable character scores for measurement by the questionnaire.
These were:
Adaptability
Body sensitivity
Distractibility
Excitability
General anxiety
Trainability
Stair anxiety
The research also evaluated aspects of the questionnaire's reliability and accuracy. The results of the questionnaires completed by the training supervisors - 1,401 in total - showed consistency of individual dogs' scores over the three age ranges. Of the dogs included in the study, 58% went on to qualify as guide dogs, 27% were behaviourally unsuited to guiding work and the remainder were unsuited for health reasons. Within this number there were also dogs with exceptional character and temperament who were selected for breeding.
The researchers say the work could be extended in the future to follow up the dogs' working life as a guide dog. They say this could help shed light on why some dogs are retired early for behavioural reasons and the human and dog factors which contribute to this unique partnership's success.
###
Meet Binky, The Social Media App Where Nothing Matters
Do you ever feel like social media apps are a waste of time? A new app called Binky sets out to prove that point.
Open Binky and you'll find an infinite list of random stuff: Llamas. Hot sauce. Joan of Arc. Much like Twitter, Binky displays posts on a timeline. Unlike Twitter, nothing you do matters.
See an image you like? Swipe right! See an image that makes you sad? Swipe left! Do you relate to that photo of Amelia Earhart on a deep spiritual level and feel that you must, must share it? Re-bink that! Do it!
Enlarge this image toggle caption iTunes iTunes
The options are endless — and utterly meaningless.
Interacting with a Binky post does nothing. It is a false action. There is no record of it. Your friends will never know that you commented "wha-aaa-aaa-aaat that is so cool #bffs #badidea #drunkhungryandsad" on a picture of René Descartes, the French philosopher.
Actually, you can't even comment. When you attempt to do that, a keyboard appears, but, much like the app itself, it's meaningless. With each keyboard click, a pregenerated word appears. As soon as you click away, the comment disappears forever.
If you're wondering, "what's the point?" that's kind of the point.
"Binky is just as meaningless as other social media apps, but it's upfront about it," Binky creator Dan Kurtz tells NPR's Morning Edition.
Kurtz says his inspiration for Binky came after he scrolled through his social media feeds, only to realize he couldn't remember what he just read.
"Does that mean that like, nothing I'm seeing on Facebook actually matters? If I replaced all the stuff that I'm seeing with just random photos of chairs and condiments, would that be just as compelling?" he says. "It turns out the answer is yes."
Binky has all of the cute cat photos of social media, without the sometimes stressful consequences of it.
"[It's] the freedom to satisfy the appetite that you have for scrolling through stuff, without needing to worry about any of the consequences, because it's all meaningless," Kurtz says.
So is this ruse pointless?
Maybe this is a commentary on what drives us to pick up our phones every 20 seconds, Haje Jan Kamps writes for TechCrunch.
Kamps argues that Binky could be "a no-cost ... habit-reinforcing fidget spinner for the social-media addicts among us."
Binky is a social networking app without socializing, and yet, Binky may be "even more" satisfying than real social media apps like Twitter or Instagram, writes Ian Bogost, a contributing editor at The Atlantic.
He says Binky may even cure the ills of smartphone compulsion: a way to use smartphones without doing anything at all. "Isn't that all anyone really wants?" Bogost asks.
Or maybe it's yet another reminder of how entrenched we are in this digital world and, try as we might, we can't escape.
Laura Roman is the social media strategist for Morning Edition; Taylor Haney is a production assistant for Morning Edition.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'heartbroken' doctor caring for Alfie Evans described how colleagues have "genuine fear" over the hostility towards hospital staff.
Legal teams for Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool today attended an emergency hearing at a court in Manchester where representatives for Alfie's parents argued he should be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
The last ditch-plea, which was rejected by the judge, came after the tot was breathing unaided for nearly 24 hours after his life support was withdrawn, the Liverpool Echo reports.
The court heard that, although supporters were shocked at the news Alfie was still breathing, doctors had warned them he could die within minutes, hours or could stay breathing for a number of days.
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans, click here.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Andy Stenning daily mirror)
Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre, said it was estimated that Alfie could live for up to ten days and urged the court to allow him to go to Rome, as there was an air ambulance waiting.
At one point in the proceedings, a clinician - still wearing their scrubs - said that staff at the hospital were 'heartbroken' by what they described as 'hostility' shown towards them.
The court heard how there was a "genuine fear" among staff, and that it was "heartbreaking that we're here again arguing when all we want to do is the best for Alfie's family".
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
They estimated that it would be at least three to five days before Alfie could be moved to his family home, but that the current hostility would make it "impossible" at present.
They also argued that moving patients home "doesn't happen overnight" and could only happen after extensive considerations by medical teams.
Reporters at the court described how press and public were searched at the courtroom doors, as well as on entrance to the building as security measures were stepped up.
Microtubules (roads made of proteins) extend throughout a cell for motor proteins (carriers) to deliver neuronal cargo packed with many kinds of materials required for life activity. The delivery is active along neuronal axons, which function like highways in human societies. Deficits in the cargo delivery cause neuronal diseases, such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or Huntington's disease.
Dr. Kumiko Hayashi and Dr. Shinsuke Niwa, assistant professors of Tohoku University, have successfully estimated the force exerted by motor proteins acting on neuronal cargo in living worms using a newly developed non-invasive force measurement method (Ref. 1). The force values indicate that a number of carriers are involved in neuronal cargo delivery.
The research shows that cargo packed with synapses was carried cooperatively by multiple motor proteins, much like a group of ants working together, to carry an item too large for any individual motor protein to carry alone. The number of carriers was found to decrease in mutant worms as indicated by the force measurement. The decrease weakened the cargo transport and caused the mis-location of synapses reported recently (Ref. 2). The material delivery by lots of carriers in highway-like axons ensures healthy neuronal activity and is a significant finding in the field.
Despite the need of physical measurements for neuronal cargo transport, it has been difficult to measure force in vivo, until now. The non-invasive force measurement method based on the fluctuation theorem (Ref. 3) enabled measurement by analyzing the fluctuating behavior of cargo vesicles in the cytosol subject to thermal noise and so on. Such movement can easily be observed using fluorescence microscopy. Hayashi and Niwa expect the non-invasive force measurement method to be a strong, new tool in understanding the physical mechanism of neuronal diseases caused by deficits in axonal transport.
###
Reference
1.K. Hayashi et al., bioRxiv doi: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1101/ 233064
2.S. Niwa et al., Cell Report 16, p2129-2141 (2016)
3.S. Ciliberto et al., Journal of Statistical Mechanics, P12003 (2010)
A bear was spotted walking on the roof of a theater Sunday night in Gatlinburg.
Scroll for more content...
A News4 employee took video of the bear hanging out on top of the Ripley's Moving Theater downtown.
The video shows a crowd forming around the theater watching the bear as it moved around.
News4 has called the theater and police to see how they ended up dealing with the bear.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The incredible transformations of these Liverpool homes bought for just £1 will be showcased to the world this month.
The ambitious council initiative to sell off derelict properties in the city has been hailed a success as now scores of dilapidated buildings have been turned into stunning family homes.
The results will be shown on Channel 4's The £1 Houses: Britain's Cheapest Street on Valentine's Day (February 14) at 9pm.
The programme charts the progress made by those involved in the first wave of £1 homes over the past two-and-a-half years.
The £1 homes, which are being released in tranches, are in rundown areas such as Anfield and the Webster Triangle. The boarded-up Victorian terraces have no plumbing, electrics, fixtures or fittings.
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
Liverpool John Moores University student Victoria Brennan, 30, was given a dilapidated two-bedroom house in Wavertree and a £38,000 loan from her parents to cover the costs of restoring it.
She said: “There is a stigma in the city that you have to have so much money in the bank to apply for the scheme. I was lucky.
"The overarching positive was the ability to own a property I could never afford on my own."
The programme preview states: “Liverpool City Council are selling off derelict houses - for just £1 each.
“But is this the dream scenario that it appears to be?
“The houses on offer haven't been touched for 10 years, and the buyers must invest their own cash to renovate them, which is at least £40k.
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
“If the work is not completed within 12 months, the council can take the houses back, with no compensation.”
It adds: “The newcomers are relying on each other to build a solid community from scratch. This series, filmed over two and a half years, captures the highs and the lows of those gambling their savings to step onto the property ladder - trying to achieve ordinary dreams in extraordinary circumstances.”
The first episode on February 14 will feature childhood sweethearts Mel and Rob, who are desperate to give their kids a home through sheer hard graft and a tiny budget, reports Liverpool Echo .
But local shootings and the discovery of a bullet on their doorstep make them question their decision.
Meanwhile post-grad Victoria is endlessly optimistic in the face of adversity, and Rachael and Sam transform a derelict wreck into a stunning three bed home, albeit with no neighbours.
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
(Image: Victor de Jesus/UNP (Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY)
A couple who bought a dilapidated house from the council for just £1 have revealed its amazing transformation.
Sam and Rachael Kamau's property in Wavertree, Merseyside, was in such poor repair that they couldn't even look inside because it was so 'dangerous' but they were lured in because of the space.
The family have released incredible photos to show what the property has been through over the last year.
Sam and Rachael's house had “a waterfall coming down the staircase” and a “bathroom with no floor” when it was handed to them by the city council as part of the Homes for a Pound Plus scheme .
They had been renting in Liverpool for 16 years after moving to the city from Kenya and decided to give the £1 homes project a go as a way onto the property ladder.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Have you bought a bargain house that you've completely transformed? Contact webnews@mirror.co.uk
But when they first looked around, they realised the scale of the task ahead of them, the Liverpool Echo reports.
Rachael explained: “When we heard about the £1 home scheme we thought why not? We had two growing girls who have always had to share a bedroom and the house was becoming far too cramped.
“When we saw this house, it was a bit of a shock.
“There was a waterfall coming down the staircase because the roof had no lining, the bathroom had no floor so you could see through to the kitchen, plaster was peeling off the walls. Everything needed doing, except replacing the bricks on the outside of the house.
“It was the worst house we'd ever seen and I know most people would have just turned around and walked away but what we saw, beyond the poor condition, was the space. And whatever needed to be done paled into insignificance to the space.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
The Kamaus - who live in the house with their daughters Alexis, 12 and 19-year-old Anne, spent the next year and tens of thousands of pounds carefully restoring the property.
Today they opened their doors to the media - and to Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson - to show off their remarkable achievement.
Rachael said: “It's been the best pound we've ever spent and the journey has been a real roller coaster.
“It's been very tiring because we both work and we've been coming every single day since we got the keys and sometimes it felt like nothing was happening.
“Even by March we could only walk in the middle of the hallway because there were no floorboards but when that job was done and the new windows went in we felt like we'd turned the corner. Then it started to feel like a house. Not yet a home, but a house and that was a big moment.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
In June the family began to look at furnishings and colour schemes.
Rachael added: “Because we'd never done this before we couldn't make our mind up.”
She added: “The first night was strange. It had been hard saying goodbye to our old neighbours and there were boxes everywhere but moving in felt such a huge achievement, we felt like we'd won the lottery. Then the next morning. All I can say is waking up in your own home is indescribable.
“There's still bits we need to do and we're still learning about what works and doesn't but it's all been worth it. Sam's birthday is in December. That's the first birthday we get to celebrate here and it will be a very special occasion.”
Homes for a Pound
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Homes for a Pound is one of the schemes Liverpool Council is using in a bid to bring around 6,000 houses back into use.
The Homes for a Pound Plus project involves 120 properties in the Garrick Street/Webster Road/Bird Street/Richardson Street area of Picton.
The properties are being released in three phases of roughly 40 properties per phase.
A total of one hundred families have now been allocated a property, with a further 350 families being considered for one.
To be eligible for a £1 home people have to live or work in Liverpool.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Houses are only handed over on the condition that the buyer will bring them up to a decent homes standard and not sell it on for five years.
Mayor Anderson said: “What Rachel and Sam have done is truly inspirational. They've proved that with a bit of love and determination a once neglected house can be transformed into a dream home.
“We set up the Homes for a Pound scheme for families exactly like the Kamau's. And the beauty of what they've achieved in that as well as creating as beautiful new home they're helping to create a new community too, which is a real win-win for everyone.
“I'm delighted we've got lots more properties lined up for other families and we won't be stopping there.
“Next month we'll be launching a new housing company because we've got thousands of properties which can be brought back to life and we're doing that because the demand is there.
“People want to get on the housing ladder and Liverpool is still regenerating, still growing and very much an attractive place to work and live.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Iron mighty Game of Thrones is back on our screens, and the drama is amping up more than ever in the penultimate season.
And as well as lashings of violence, naughty words, nudity, general mayhem, intrigue and fiery dragons, the telly titan has also introduced us to many worldly wonders.
Many of the spectacular locations featured on the show aren't just a product of green screen.
The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros are in fact shot only a matter of hours from the UK - and make ideal holiday destinations for Thrones fans.
And although our favourite characters are getting ready to face winter this series, we're still very much thinking about our summer holidays - so Mirror Travel has compiled a round-up of brilliant deals at epic filming locations you can go and explore.
Ideal for those interested in a trip Beyond the Wall, across the Narrow Sea, or for anyone who reckons the only way is Essos...
Which locations are included?
Each destination guide includes the best film sets to visit, the hotels closest to the action, and even a deal for a cheap holiday!
Northern Ireland Croatia Spain Iceland
Northern Ireland
A lot of Game of Thrones is filmed inside Belfast's Titanic Studios so it comes as no surprise that Northern Ireland's sweeping landscapes have also played host to a wide array of Seven Kingdoms locations.
For example, Winterfell's forests where Ned Stark first found the direwolves (but let's not talk about that too much) are actually part of the breathtaking Tollymore Forest Park, while the jaw-dropping Dothraki Sea landscapes are from the Glens of Antrim.
It's not just the stunning backdrops that have featured in the show - there are some hotspots that fans will no doubt recognise - check out some of the best ones below.
GoT there: Expedia currently has a three-night stay at the Malmaison Belfast with prices from £282pp, based on two people sharing. Includes return flights from London with an August departure. Click here to book.
Ballintoy Harbour
(Image: PA)
The dramatic rocky coast of the Iron Islands sits in this picturesque Ballintoy Harbour, a small fishing harbour between Larrybane and Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge.
It's where Theon Greyjoy returns after his ordeal with Ramsay Bolton to reconnect with sister Yara.
Once you've taken in the scenery, the village is just one kilometre away where you can find a variety of quaint shops and local restaurants, as well as plenty of accommodation if you need an overnight pit stop.
Dark Hedges Road
(Image: Nigel Thompson)
This mystical archway of intertwined trees is one of Northern Ireland's most photographed locations, and its popularity has only continued to soar since it appeared in the hit series.
Fans will know the natural phenomenon as the Kingsroad, the giant highway that runs from King's Landing to The Wall, including a stop at Winterfell.
Back in the real world it makes for a very scenic drive, but be wary - nowadays there are lots of tourists doing the same so it's worth heading out early if you're after some amazing photos.
Giant's Causeway
(Image: Moment RF)
40,000 pieces of interlocking volcanic rock columns make up the area of Giant's Causeway - the result of an ancient volcanic eruption in the days of yore, whose ominous mood is only complemented by the crashing waves of the coastline.
The vast area is home to numerous memorable Game of Throne's moments, so make sure to book out a whole day to squeeze in all the sights.
Start with a visit to the caves of Cushenden where Red priestess Melisandre gave birth to her Shadow Assassin baby, then head over to Ballycastle, where Varys was born as a slave in the Free Cities.
Where to stay: The Marine Hotel
(Image: Hotels.com)
If you're hoping to beat the crowds to get that Instagram-worthy snap of Dark Hedges Road then this 3-star hotel could be ideal, thanks to its close proximity to the hotspot (it's a 14-minute drive).
Expect cosy bedrooms with comfortable beds and picturesque views of the sea, the hotel also boasts a restaurant and lounge serving up hearty dishes to fill you up after a busy day of sightseeing.
How much? Prices start from £105 a night. Book your stay on Hotels.com.
Ballygally Castle
Ballygally Castle is currently running a special Game of Thrones themed tour to celebrate the upcoming series!
This 17th castle-turned luxury hotel's offering includes a themed Afternoon Tea, a tour of a whole host of filming locations, and then a special banquet dinner to finish off the day - and of course, a stay in one of their comfortable rooms, with breakfast in the morning.
The Game of Thrones® Tour Package starts from £140 per person in a superior room on a B&B basis. Package includes banquet dinner and Game of Thrones® Afternoon Tea. The tour will run on Friday 11 August and Friday 8 September.
Morocco
Aït Benhaddou, Morocco
Essaouira on Morocco's West Coast has made a great backdrop for plenty of TV and cinema gold, which is hardly unsurprising considering that the French-inspired fortress port looks straight out of a fantasy novel.
Game of Thrones fans will recognise the scenery as the dilapidated Astapor, home to the Eunuch slave soldiers known as the Unsullied, where Daenerys is almost assassinated.
You can see the land in all its peaceful, natural glory, rather than behind the drama of the famous Siege of Astapor.
GoT there: easyJet Holidays currently has a seven-night stay at the 4-star Riad Al madina on a bed and breakfast basis, with prices from £639.15 based on two people sharing. Includes return flights from London with an August departure. Click here to book.
Where to stay:
Dar L'Oussia
(Image: Hotels.com)
This luxury 5-star Riad is just 500m from where filming of Astapor took place, and boasts beautiful traditional Moroccan design with a modern stylish flare.
It's perfect for an indulgent break, not only because of its spa and roof terrace for spectacular views, but also because it's just a 12-minute walk from the beach.
How much? Prices start from £66 per night. Book your stay on Hotels.com.
Dar El Haja
(Image: Hotels.com)
Feel like a true desert wanderer as you roam the ancient streets of Aït Benhaddou, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, before heading back to this cosy home away from home that sits just 500m from where filming took place.
The 3-star hotel has just nine rooms so it makes the ideal peaceful getaway, not to mention it has an outdoor pool and offers spa services.
How much? Prices start from £44 per night. Book your stay on Hotels.com.
Croatia
With its glorious weather, picturesque cobbled streets and eye-catching landscapes, it comes as no surprise that Croatia has provided many a backdrop throughout the series.
Most notably, the cities of Split and Dubrovnik have served as King's Landing, where the Lannisters currently rule - and fans are eagerly awaiting to see what will happen now that Cersei has been crowned as queen.
We take a look at the cities that need to be on your radar for a true GoT experience...
Dubrovnik
The filming site for King's Landing, this gorgeous city is the backdrop to the capital of the Seven Kingdoms.
It's the site of betrayals, a beheading, the fateful Purple Wedding, and Cersei's very public humiliation by the High Sparrow.
The Game of Thrones tours of Dubrovnik should be at the top of any fan's bucket list.
It is a UNESCO world heritage site and renowned for its historic port and walled old town. It also boasts elegant Baroque churches and aristocratic palaces, as well as impressive fortresses - including the Mincenta Tower which served as the House of Undying that Daenerys faces to get her dragons back.
Despite being one of the more expensive parts of Croatia to visit, you can get a great deal if you plan your trip around the quieter months of May and June or September and October.
GoT there: Lastminute.com is currently offering a four-night stay at the 4-star Villa Paradiso 2, on a bed and breakfast basis, from just £319pp. Based on a September departure with return flights from London. Click here to book.
Sibenik
(Image: Moment RF)
This picturesque city sits on the Adriatic Coast, and provided the perfect setting for Braavos, where Arya Stark was trained by the Faceless Man at the House of Black and White, before setting off to avenge her family.
Serving as a gateway to the Kornati Islands the city doesn't boast the giant statues that fans have come to recognise from the show, but it does have plenty of amazing sights including a host of ancient cathedrals nestled amongst its streets.
Oh, and make sure to check out the Cathedral of St. James which is decorated with 71 sculpted faces - it'll make you feel like you're in the Hall of Faces with Arya.
GoT there: Loveholidays.com offers a four-night stay at the 4-star Jure Hotel from just £385pp, based on a London departure. Click here to book.
Where to stay:
Heritage Hotel Life Palace
(Image: Hotels.com)
Situated just outside the centre of Sibenik, this 4-star hotel offers old world charm with all the decadent trimmings.
It's just a two-minute walk to the famous Saint James Cathedral, and in a vibrant neighbourhood so you can make the most of the city's nightlife after a day of exploring!
How much? Prices start from £144 per night. Book your stay with Hotels.com.
Pucic Palace, Dubrovnik
(Image: Hotels.com)
This 5-star beach hotel is in the heart of Dubrovnik Old Town, and just a short stroll through the surrounding streets will leave you feeling like you've stepped into the Seven Kingdoms and are a stone's throw from the Lannisters.
The hotel's location is brilliant for sightseeing with Rector's Palace, the Church of St. Blaise and Orlando's Column all less than one minute's walk away.
How much? Prices start from £343 per night. Book your stay with Hotels.com.
Spain
Spain has provided many a backdrop across the Seven Kingdoms, including Dorne, Meereen and the Dothraki Sea.
It's been host to some seriously dramatic scenes - for example the Seville Osuna Bull Ring which served as the Great Pit of Daznak where Daenerys escapes an attack from the Sons of Harpy atop of Drogon.
Spain is great if you're on a GoT fan on a budget, as there are plenty of cheap flights and packages on offer - for example easyJet has direct flights to Seville from just £30.49.
Almeria, Spain
A key location for GoT's fifth and sixth series, the versatile province of Almeria is in south-eastern Spain and was used for scenes in the cities of Meereen and Dorne and the Dothraki Sea (not a sea of course, a vast steppe).
It's no stranger to blockbusters anyway. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Exodus: Gods and Kings, and Indiana Jones And The Last Crusade were shot in its rugged landscape.
The Costa de Almeria boasts more than 60 miles of untainted coastline, with hidden coves and soft sandy beaches. In Roquetas de Mar, there are beachside cafes and plenty of water sport activities, but venture a little further afield and you'll find empty stretches.
The best time of year is July and August, though for the best prices avoid school holidays. And Dothraki horsemen.
GoT there: Thomas Cook offers a host of all-inclusive packages in Almeria from just £510pp - and you can easily incorporate a day out of exploring to see the filming locations. Click here for more information.
Seville, Spain
Seville is the flamboyant Andalusian capital and home to the Moors' serene Royal Alcazar, one of the country's most beautiful royal palaces which doubles as Dorne's palace.
One of the most dramatic scenes of the fifth series – Meereen's gladiatorial games in Daznak's Pit which saw Jorah save Daenerys, and Drogon the dragon swoop down to attack the Sons of the Harpy – was filmed an hour outside Seville in the little whitewashed Andalusian town of Osuna. Around 550 extras piled in for the shoot.
The Royal Alcazar has around 700 visitors a day, so plan ahead and visit early for a more tranquil experience.
The cast stayed at the iconic Alfonso XIII hotel during filming in Seville – a place favoured by Hollywood's elite and renowned for its baroque-style courtyard, decorative brickwork and wrought-iron features. There is no truth in the rumour the hotel bar has a Harpy hour...
GoT there: British Airways is offering flights to Seville and a three night stay at the Alfonso XIII Hotel from £560, based on two adults sharing, with a London Gatwick departure. Click here to book your trip.
Where to stay: Hotel Boutique Elvira Plaza
(Image: Hotels.com)
Step into the lavish world of Dorne in this charming boutique hotel. It's just 300m from Seville's majestic Alcazar, also known as the private palace residence of House Martell.
There are just nine guestrooms so you won't be left queuing for breakfast or battling crowds at check-in, not to mention the hotel has a roof terrace that's ideal for soaking up the rays and unwinding after a busy day of adventure in the Seven Kingdoms.
How much? Prices from £78 per night. Book your stay on Hotels.com.
Iceland
Reykjavik
Grjotagja - Jon and Ygritte's cave
Reykjavik, Iceland
(Image: HBO)
You want Wildlings and White Walkers? This is the place, with Iceland used for filming scenes at the Wall and beyond.
It's an essential part of any GoT pilgrimage, and you can join plenty of local tours where guides happily point out filming locations in Reykjavik and the surrounding region.
For example, there are plenty of tours including a trip to the Grjotagja cave, where Jon Snow and Ygritte had their first romantic encounter.
While visiting in the winter is a magical (and chilly) experience, the brief summer gives you access to the untouched parts of Iceland.
However, spring and autumn are the seasons to aim for if you want to enjoy less hostile weather at more reasonable prices.
It's a haven for sightseers and nature lovers, and there is a tour for everyone – from walking to whale watching and volcanoes. Many can be booked in advance and some even include overnight camping. But check the weather. Prepare for anything. Dragonglass at the ready...
GoT there: Lastminute.com is offering a three-night stay at the 4-star Centerhotel Midgardur on a room only basis, from £299pp. Includes return flights from London on a September departure. Click here to book.
Bonus hotel: Fosshotel Myvatn
(Image: Hotels.com)
For the adventurous at heart, a stay at this trendy 3-star hotel is a must - and it's just a stone's throw from Lake Myvatn, the location used for filming Beyond the Wall.
Also nearby are Myvatn Nature Baths and the dramatic Hverfjall Crater – perfect for an immersion into the wilderness that the Wildlings and White Walkers roam.
How much? Prices from £217 per night. Book your stay with Hotels.com.
As the sparsely populated Mumbai local train speeds up, two teenagers instantly launch into movement, swaying from one metallic rod to another.
“The first time we met our ballet teacher, he told us to stretch our legs and dance. We didn't understand a word of what he was saying,” say Amiruddin Shah and Manish Chauhan, undulating amidst goggle-eyed commuters – a point of view enhanced by the 360-degree virtual reality perspective with which they have been shot.
Sooni Taraporevala's rivetting documentary Yeh Ballet chronicles the lives of the young ballet dancers, who hail from working class families in Mumbai and are among the first in India to get scholarships to study at ballet school in the United States of America. The documentary has been produced by filmmaker Anand Gandhi's Memesys Culture Lab, and will be screened at the London Indian Film Festival (June 22-29). The 14-minute film captures the challenges faced by the duo up until they leave for the Oregon Ballet Theatre School in the US.
Play Yeh Ballet.
“I was fascinated that two boys who had never heard western classical music or seen classical ballet, after a mere 2 and a half years of instruction were so good that they had got a scholarship to the prestigious Joffrey Ballet in NYC,” said Taraporevala, the writer of several acclaimed films, including Salaam Bombay! and The Namesake, and the director of Little Zizou (2008).
Manish Chauhan (left) and Amiruddin Shah. Image credit: Sooni Taraporevala.
Fifteen-year-old Shah is the youngest of eight siblings and the son of a welder from Sanpada in Navi Mumbai, while 21-year-old Chauhan is from a family of taxi drivers. They learnt ballet from Yehuda Maor. In the film, the American teacher declares that Chauhan is a ‘Broadway meets Ballet' performer, while Shah is the more ‘traditional' one.
“I had learnt ballet myself for many years in Bombay as a child,” Taraporevala said. “I know the dance form and how difficult it is even though it looks so effortless and easy.”
Amiruddin with instructor Yehuda Maor. Image credit: Sooni Taraporevala.
Yeh Ballet brings us even closer to the young dancers through the virtual reality format – a first for Taraporevala. “It was a learning curve for me,” she said. “The VR rig is a pole with a round of GO Pro cameras attached to it. I had been told one essential fact that if anybody got within a few feet of the cameras they would be distorted. With a regular camera, film or video that is never a problem.”
Amiruddin with his family before leaving for the airport. Image credit: Sooni Taraporevala.
Yeh Ballet got its world premiere at the Sheffield Doc Fest, and has been released on streaming platforms. “In Yeh Ballet you are not only following the journey of the two boys but you also have to hear what they say and read subtitles,” Taraporevala explained. “Because of this potential for it being all too much I wanted to make the edit as easy as possible on the viewer. I didn't want them having to swing around for 14 minutes trying to follow the story.”
With the rig placed in the middle of the studio, the boys were made to dance around it without coming too close, enabling the viewers to virtually trace their moves. “We had no idea what went on in the scenes until we saw the footage later,” Taraporevala said.
Manish with his father. Image credit: Sooni Taraporevala.
The film showed the pair struggling to fill out their visa forms. Six months after production, Manish Chauhan is still pursuing ballet at the Oregon Ballet Theatre. Amiruddin Shah has returned to India and is looking to join the American Ballet Theatre Jacqueline Onassis School after being sponsored by Cipla patriarch Yusuf Hamied through a fundraising campaign.
WASHINGTON – Sen. Bernie Sanders took to the Senate floor Wednesday to condemn the suspect in the GOP baseball practice shooting whom the Vermont senator said “apparently volunteered” for his presidential campaign.
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said. “I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be: Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms. Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Federal law enforcement sources have identified to CNN the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Illinois. The shooting injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, who is in stable condition, along with a congressional staffer, a lobbyist and two Capitol Police officers. President Donald Trump said the alleged shooter succumbed to his injuries.
Sen. Jeff Flake said Matt Mika, director of government relations for Tyson foods who practices with the team, seemed to be the most seriously injured. He is in critical condition. Zack Barth, a legislative correspondent for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was expected to recover fully, Williams said.
Capitol Police said the two injured officers suffered no “life-threatening injuries at this point.”
Jeff Weaver, Sanders' former presidential campaign manager, told CNN that Sanders' political staff was trying to get more information. He said Hodgkinson was not a staffer and had no formal role in the campaign. Weaver also noted there were thousands of Sanders volunteers across the country.
Robert Becker, who oversaw Sanders' campaign in Iowa and other key states, said none of the campaign field organizers in Iowa or Illinois could remember a volunteer named James Hodgkinson.
“Nobody has any recollection of him,” Becker told CNN. “He's not anybody anyone can remember.”
Becker said more than 10,000 volunteers turned out to help Sanders. He did not dispute reports — and the senator's confirmation in a statement — that Hodgkinson had been a volunteer. But he said no one can recall him.
He added that Hodgkinson was also not one of the 100 paid organizers in Iowa or later in Illinois.
By Eli Watkins, Elizabeth Landers and Jeff Zeleny, CNN
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Come December 1, little all-seeing and all-knowing elves dressed in red pop up in households all over the country.
Originally a tradition in the US, where the puppet 'appears' at the beginning of the month to keep tabs on children's behaviour, Elf on the Shelf fever has taken hold of the UK.
As many kids love them, parents have got into the swing of the craze , too.
One mum, however, has raised concerns after spotting a strange difference between two types of Elf on the Shelf on Amazon , the Manchester Evening News reports.
Mum Tatania Butcher posted a photo showing the white one selling for £19.99 and one with a darker skin tone for £25.39, adding:
(Image: MEN WS)
"Please explain why the black elf is dearer than the white elf! I wasn't bothered what colour elf we got! It could have a green face for all I care but now it's an issue for me!"
Since Tatiana flagged the price difference, the gap has closed - but the one with the darker skin tone is still slightly more expensive.
An Amazon spokesman told the MEN it was simply a matter of products being sold by different retailers.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He added while the dark skin one was being sold directly by Amazon, the white one was for sale through an independent, third party retailer and they have no control over their prices.
He also said they would not price match if a third party was selling a product cheaper than them.
MirrorOnline has also reached out to Amazon for comment.
The Lamar Educational Awards Foundation accepted a $24,000 donation from the Fluor Foundation to underwrite STEM programs in Lamar CISD, including a $4000 donation to support STEAM Summer Camp for Girls. Pictured from the left are Tim Palmore , Fluor Senior Project manager; LEAF Executive Director Janice Knight; and Barbara Jones, Fluor Senior Manager, Community and Public Affairs. (Submitted photo)
Sebi has now defined 10 categories of equity funds, 16 categories of debt funds, six categories of hybrid funds, two categories of solutions-based funds and one category each for index funds/ETF and FOF. Photo: iStock
Seeking to rationalise the choice of mutual fund schemes for investors and at the same time ensure standardisation in how fund houses define scheme categories, the capital markets regulator issued a circular on Friday, instructing fund houses on how they should classify their schemes.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has asked fund houses to respond, individually, within two months with a plan of action as to how they will consolidate their schemes. It will then examine each fund house's plan and respond to them.
Once Sebi approves them, fund houses would have a window of three months to carry out the necessary changes in their product bouquet. Here are five areas where your life, as a mutual fund investor, is set to change:
Less confusion
Too many options tend to complicate our lives. Between 45 fund houses, there are more than 1,200 schemes on offer. There are more than 400 equity funds, around 300 debt schemes and around 426 hybrid schemes out there. And we're not even counting more than 800 fixed maturity plans (more are being launched as we speak, as many schemes keep winding up or getting rolled over), and between a dozen and three dozen schemes each for international funds, sector funds and arbitrage funds.
This would go down. Sebi has now defined 10 categories of equity funds, 16 categories of debt funds, six categories of hybrid funds, two categories of solutions-based funds (one each for retirement planning and children's future) and one category each for index funds/exchange-traded funds (ETF) and fund of funds (FOF).
While some believe that this categorization will reduce the number of schemes, others like Manoj Nagpal, managing director and chief executive officer, Outlook Asia Capital, a wealth advisory firm, feel that the number of categories that Sebi has allowed is still too many. “Of the approximately 830 open-ended funds on the street today, this circular would impact around 700 schemes. But after consolidation, I think the number of mutual funds would come down to 650 to 660. That is barely a 5-7% reduction. We have to go back and analyse though this, in detail”, he says.
Your large-cap, my large-cap, her large-cap
Although there are many large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap schemes in the market, different fund houses have different definitions as to what a large-cap stock is or what a mid-cap stock is. For instance, Franklin India Bluechip Fund, a large-cap fund, invests in companies whose market capitalisation is higher than that of the 100th stock in the Nifty 500 index. ICICI Prudential Focused Bluechip Equity Fund, another large-cap oriented fund, invests in the top 200 stocks in terms of market capitalisation on the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. “Having a uniform definition for stocks that constitute a large, mid or small cap is good news. It makes comparison of funds much easier for the investor”, says Munish Randev, chief investment officer, Waterfield Advisors Pvt. Ltd, a family office advisory.
Large fund houses will be impacted more
The large fund houses will have to work more towards scheme consolidation than the smaller ones. And most of the large fund houses had acquired some or the other fund house during its lifetime. And as a result, many among them have landed up with two or more schemes across categories. To be sure, fund houses have attempted to differentiate most of the funds in similar categories, but often the differentiation is not visible to the naked eye. HDFC Asset Management Co. Ltd has two balanced funds, HDFC Prudence Fund (which it had acquired from Zurich India Asset Management Co. Ltd in 2003) and HDFC Balanced Fund (its own fund right since inception). Aditya Birla Asset Management Co. Ltd has two tax plans; Aditya Birla Sun Life Tax Relief 96 (which it had acquired from Alliance India Asset Management Co. Ltd in 2005) and Aditya Birla Sun Life Tax Plan (its own fund since inception). “Fund houses would have to re-think how they would now position their funds and in which categories”, says Randev.
Comparision of fund ratings across rating agencies
In the absence of a standardised fund classification, various rating agencies like Value Research, Morningstar and Crisil have been using their own definitions. For instance, as on 6 October, Morningstar India classifies Reliance Vision Fund as a ‘flexi-cap' fund whereas Value Research classifies the same as large-cap. Also, Value Research has a separate category of funds in the small-cap space, but Morningstar has one category wherein it measures mid-cap as well as small-cap funds together.
While it's soon to say how rating agencies will recalibrate their own categories, indications are they might. “It's too soon to comment on that now, but we will examine this in detail. In anyways, Morningstar has always categorized funds as per their actual historical portfolios and not just by their names”, says Kaustubh Belapurkar, director, fund research, Morningstar India, a US-headquartered MF tracking and research firm. “It actually makes our research easier than far as debt funds go, as most fund houses used to define their gazillion debt funds in different ways one year and then the next year, their investment pattern constantly changing. SEBI has now tightly defined what each debt fund would do, so it has become easier to define debt fund categories at our end as well. For equities, at Value Research, most of the categories that Sebi has prescribed are already in practice”, says Dhirendra Kumar, chief executive office, Value Research.
Too many debt fund categories
At first glance, the categories of debt funds appear to be many. Broadly the categories have recognized two strategies that all debt funds follow; duration and accrual. While duration strategy aims to take the most out of interest rate movements, the accrual strategies aim to make regular income out of corporate bonds as well as- in the case of many debt funds- anticipating credit rating upgrades. Sebi has defined 10 categories of duration-styled funds, including a whopping five categories for just funds that mature in a year's time- in which all fund houses would now position all such funds.
The White House confirmed Monday morning that President Obama will give his final farewell speech from Chicago's McCormick Place on Tuesday, January 10.The message came in an email from the president titled "My Farewell Address."Here's what the email said:"In 1796, as George Washington set the precedent for a peaceful, democratic transfer of power, he also set a precedent by penning a farewell address to the American people. And over the 220 years since, many American presidents have followed his lead.On Tuesday, January 10, I'll go home to Chicago to say my grateful farewell to you, even if you can't be there in person.I'm just beginning to write my remarks. But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here.Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger. That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding -- our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.So I hope you'll join me one last time.Because, for me, it's always been about you.President Barack Obama"The Associated Press reported that the speech would be open to the public.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix 's adaptation of literary classic Anne of Green Gables may have been the latest of many interpretations of the unique character of Anne Shirley, but its real find was its star Amybeth McNulty.
The sixteen-year-old Irish actress found much acclaim for her turn as an orphan finding a new home at Green Gables, and tackling the difficulties of growing up in such a harsh period.
McNulty sat down with Mirror Online to discuss her breakout role, her acting inspirations, where the second season of the show will go, and where she can see her career going in the years to come.
McNulty isn't used to the fame yet.
"I'm just a wee girl from Donegal and all of a sudden they're like "come to London, we're gonna do press" and I'm just like "okay, yeah, sure". It's wild but I'm very humbled."
She did, however, have nothing but praise for those who come up to her on the street when they recognise the heroine of Green Gables.
"Our fan community is so lovely and worldwide, I love them. Netflix is worldwide so we have a huge audience."
The show has already got a keen following - including very passionate fans.
"When I arrived in Toronto one time, I passed this girl and she yelled out "Amy" and I turned around and she stared crying," McNulty said. "I was so confused and had never had that kind of interaction before, not seeing myself as a celebrity or anything. She was so sweet, I adored her. That was my first proper fan meeting."
This is also Amybeth's first press circuit without the company of Mum and Dad.
"I usually bring my parental units, Eileen and Liam, with me, but I'm sixteen now so they let me go, and I'm doing these on my own, but my friend Angel was in London anyway, so we're going through London together - a Girls trip!"
McNulty also mentioned plans to meet Louis Hynes from A Series of Unfortunate Events, painting a picture of the little Netflix family, saying they're "gonna go around London and [he'll] show [me] around".
(Image: Netflix)
How it compares to the books
If you're completely new to Anne and the LM Montgomery book it's based on, don't worry you can come to the Netflix show fresh.
"The original novels were written by Lucy Maud Montgomery and have now been re-imagined by Moira Walley-Beckett who has worked on Breaking Bad so this is a very different show for her," said McNulty.
"The first season is about Anne, a thirteen-year-old orphan in the 1800s and her struggles with trying to find a family, trying to find love in any form that she can find it, because it was really rough back then. She also has fiery red hair so she wouldn't be considered the most beautiful girl in the world. It's her journey of coming in to herself and her finding someone to care for her.
"The second season is Anne becoming more comfortable in that and realises that she won't be sent home immediately for doing something wrong, she learns from her mistakes, and she has love, parents, friends, and a school. This season is her growing up - and all that entails."
(Image: Netflix)
What to expect
A change of tone and some coming-of-age milestones seem to be the order of the day for Season Two going ahead.
"I think fans can see from the trailer already, it's certainly less dark. It's a lot less glum and depressing, and although there are moments like that, as everyone does have their hardships, she's happier and more comfortable and loved. She's learning, she's learning so much every day.
"Things with Diana, her best friend, and the differences in them growing up in that time and with different lives.
"There are new characters coming in too, which is exciting."
It seems that Anne's surrogate parents will also be getting some juicy screentime away from Anne's journey in the second run.
"That parental side of things is still here, but it's interesting because Matthew and Marilla have their own stories alongside mine."
(Image: Netflix)
McNaulty may have swatted up on Anne if Green Gables but she stays clear of reviews, even when we tell her they're good.
"Wow, that's lovely to hear! I don't usually read reviews, so that's very interesting.
"I'm still gonna stay away, I don't wanna get big-headed. But that's really lovely."
It's hard not to compare the girl to the actress, especially when they both exude such joy and humility.
"Anne and I are very similar, we're close in age: she's fourteen and I'm sixteen. There's not a big age gap and we're going through the same things that every teenage girl is going through, whether it's the 1800s or 2018. We are both bookworms and appreciate the Earth in all its beauty and we both support very big topics that we want to discuss and have conservations with people about. I think what is interesting for her is that no one let her talk about it, but she still has a voice."
(Image: Netflix)
It's easy to assume that Anne is a modern woman misplaced in time, but McNulty is sure she would be more needed in the time in which she was written.
"No, I think she's perfectly placed where she is because I think she's starting conversations back then and she would have been great nowadays but where she is suits her really well, and she went through those hardships to get where she is now and I don't think she would have it any other way."
Although, she does agree that Anne would make an ideal social media personality.
"Oh yeah, very positive, an aesthetic photographer," she joked.
Making Anne her own
McNulty revealed that she had explored the literary works behind the show, but was not interested in exploring other adaptations.
"I was given the book (Anne of Green Gables) on my ninth birthday by my mum and I read it then.
"I haven't seen any other adaptations, because I wanted this Anne to be my own. I'm sure they might be similar and the other adaptations are beautiful, but they're also different, which is good.
(Image: ©2016 Marvin Moore Photography)
"I am reading Anne of Avonlea now, so it's interesting to see where things could go if we get future seasons. That'd be awesome, to see where things are going to go is exciting."
On her favourite characters in the series, Amybeth settled on two in particular she would love to step into the shoes of.
"I love Mrs Lynde, I don't think I could play her as well as Corrine (Kolso) does, as she's so funny. Or Matthew as he's my favourite character in the whole series - and barely any lines," she joked.
On the prospect of the show potentially running for years and another actress taking on the part, similar to Netflix's The Crown, McNulty remained optimistic, and her commitment to the part was clear.
"I think it would be great if they got another actress to play her at a different age, but I think the plan is for me to stay on - or at least I hope it is! If we get future seasons, and tackle her at sixteen and eighteen, I would love to play that time as it's such an interesting period in someone's life.
"Then if she gets older and has kids, it's a whole new dynamic to play. I would want to go with her all through her life."
(Image: Netflix)
McNulty voiced her support too for television adaptations of books to take on a life of their own, beyond being just a faithful retelling of the book.
"I think we've already done that, even from the second episode you can see that in a realistic way and can allow us to explore new storylines.
"And I love that kind of excitement of not knowing what could happen. It's obviously based on the books, but I love veering off and bringing in new discussions, characters, and topics."
What the future holds
McNulty also revealed who she would love to follow in the footsteps of.
"Millie Bobbie Brown. Lovely girl, brilliant actress, very talented," she quickly said. "Been flung into the limelight, I'm very inspired by her staying grounded and respectful and loving. She's younger than me so that just astounds me."
(Image: Splash News)
That's not all. "Malina Weissman from A Series of Unfortunate Events, I would love the opportunity of chatting to her.
"There are some very cool young actors and actresses that I'm inspired by, whether they be younger or older," she added/
There's one in particular though with similar Irish roots who she's dying to meet.
"Saoirse Ronan, I've loved her since I was so little, so she'd be my number one."
On the prospect of acting work beyond of Anne with an E, McNulty has a few ideas, but is also keen to stick with the show to the end.
"Right now I have a project in the mix which is a short film and a part that's actually my age. I've played Anne for two to three years now, so I've very much been in that zone for a while, so it'll be interesting to see what it's like with a new character, crew, and vibe," she said.
"I love playing Anne, but it does come with comparisons to other adaptations and their actresses, so it would be great to tackle something that is very much my own without that comparison.
"I'd also like to do my own short film and be a director too, that would be really interesting."
Keep a look out, McNulty will be one to watch in years to come.
(Image: Netflix)
Anne with an E Season Two is available to watch on Netflix from Friday, July 6 2018.
Latino Civil Rights Leader Speaks Out About Trump's Immigration Framework NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Roger Rocha, president of League of United Latin American Citizens, the oldest Latino civil rights organization, following the release of a now-rescinded letter this week in support of President Trump's "four pillar" framework for immigration reform.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have "disrupted gangs and made arrests" after a spate of burglaries in south Cambridge.
Cambridgeshire Constabulary says residents have endured a spike in burglaries in Queen Edith's and Trumpington since the beginning of the year.
While police say the "thunderstorm is over", they still warn that the climate is still "dodgy".
Councillors were worried at the “significant” increase in crime, with some fearing organised gangs of burglars were targeting new housing developments.
Speaking at the city's south area committee yesterday (April 23), police told residents and councillors that the worst was over and that two organised criminal gangs had been “disrupted”. They said crime in the area was returning to “normal levels”.
Sgt Jim Stevenson said: “We did suffer quite a bad spate of burglaries. We had a couple of organised crime gangs that were operating in the south of the city. These groups have now been disrupted, and several members have been arrested.
“In this case, I can't think of anyone at Parkside who didn't work on these burglaries. For those residents that were victims, the thunderstorm is over, but that doesn't mean we don't live in a dodgy climate.”
Sgt Stevenson said the police had worked out new strategies to help residents make their homes more secure. Including “defensive gardening”, which was one of the strategies available, and explained that putting up trellises could help deter would-be burglars.
According to the Metropolitan Police, trellises are useful on gates and fences as they make it harder for burglars to climb over.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cllr Tim Moore asked for the cause behind the dramatic spike in burglaries.
“The rise has been statistically very significant,” he said.
“It is going up quite rapidly. I was wondering what is the cause of this. There is a lot of new housing being built and a lot of people coming in and a lot of kit lying round.”
Sgt Stevenson said that there was a lot of housing development going on, particularly in Trumpington.
He said that additional officers would be patroling the area, to reassure residents and help make people safer.
Asked whether his “gut feeling” suggested things were improving in the area, Sgt Stevenson said he thought the situation was improving and that burglary levels were returning to a “normal level”.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been airlifted to hospital following a fall from a height at an address in South Bristol.
The incident took place just before 2pm on Friday February 2 near the junction of Culverwell Road and Fair Furlong in Hartcliffe.
Avon and Somerset police responded to what was described as a "concern for welfare" call at around 1.48pm, along with the South Western Ambulance Service.
An air ambulance also attended, landing in the playing fields behind nearby Fair Furlong Primary School.
The woman was then taken by helicopter to the Bristol Royal Infirmary to receive further treatment.
A police spokesperson said that the woman had not suffered any life-threatening injuries but had a leg injury.
Neighbourhood PC Joe Iles tweeted about the incident, informing residents that someone had "fallen from a height".
A South Western Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called at 2pm to attend an incident at an address in the Hartcliffe area of Bristol. We attended with an ambulance and helicopter.
"A female patient was taken by air to Bristol Royal Infirmary."
NASCAR K&N Pro Series West Race at Spokane Cancelled
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (May 30, 2018) –- The NASCAR K&N Pro Series West race scheduled for Sunday, July 15 at Spokane County Raceway in Airway Heights, Washington, has been cancelled and will not be replaced.
The NASCAR K&N Pro Series West schedule will now consist of 14 championship points events.
The next event for the series will be its annual stop at Colorado National Speedway on Saturday, June 9 for the NAPA Auto Parts 150.
Jermain Defoe kept up Sunderland's fight to avoid relegation as he converted two penalties to give the Black Cats a 2-2 home draw with Liverpool after the visitors led twice in a rip-roaring Premier League clash on Monday.
Defoe took his league tally to 11 goals, cancelling out a 19th minute opener by Daniel Sturridge and then a 72nd minute Sadio Mane tap-in, with both Liverpool goals coming after poor Sunderland defending at corner kicks.
However, Liverpool returned the favour with a clumsy Ragnar Klavan challenge on Didier Ndong for Defoe's first spot kick and then with a dreadful Mane error for the second when a free kick hit the Senegal winger's outstretched arm.
The result left second-placed Liverpool five points behind leaders Chelsea, who visit London rivals Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, while Sunderland stay in the relegation zone although the draw took some of the pressure off manager David Moyes.
-Reuters
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – The St. Louis African-American Aldermanic Caucus plans to introduce a resolution for reparations; asking the city to study the effects of slavery and make recommendations.
"We have to do something more constructive, more creative and begin to address the problems we have in the City of St. Louis" said 21st Ward Alderman, John Collins Muhammed who is one of the sponsoring aldermen.
"We have to first acknowledge the problem, we have to address the problem and that's exactly what this resolution does" he said.
For years in the United States Congress, Michigan Representative John Conyers has introduced a similar resolution to create a national commission to study the effects of slavery and make recommendations. Every year, that resolution fails. Muhammed says locally, this resolution could be the first step in bringing equity to St. Louis' most desperate residents.
"It can come in funding of educational programs, it can be the allocation of resources, affirmative action when it comes to jobs, more resources when it comes to jobs" Muhammed said.
Muhammed said the plan is to introduce the resolution to the board Friday. It needs 15 votes to pass.
Arsene Wenger has his say on Olivier Giroud's goal
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Olivier Giroud bagged quite possible the goal of 2017 on the first day of the year when he thundered a scorpion kick in off the crossbar.
The Arsenal forward broke the deadlock against Crystal Palace with the goal he later described as "the best one" of his career.
Speaking to the BBC after the game, which you can see in the above video, the Frenchman talks through the goal and explains that there was an element of luck on his side.
Giroud also admits that Henrikh Mkhitaryan inspired the effort, after the Manchester United man scored a similar goal against Sunderland last week.
(Photo: BBC)
In the clip, the 30-year-old says: "I was a bit lucky, but it was the only thing I could do. The ball was behind me and I tried to hit it with the back-heel. And obviously after that it was all about luck".
When asked whether he saw the Mkhitaryan goal, Giroud adds: "Maybe it inspired me, that's the only thing you can do in that position.
(Photo: BPI)
"It's nice for me and for the team because we wanted to start the year well".
Giroud scored in the 17th minute of the game at the Emirates, after he latched onto an Alexis Sanchez cross played just behind him.
(Photo: Jan Kruger)
The Frenchman reacted instinctively to flick his boot out and direct it with power towards goal, where it cannoned in off the crossbar.
Alex Iwobi doubled the Gunners' lead with a header in the second half, securing victory for Arsenal - their second in as many games.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
While Roseanne Barr is blaming Ambien for her racist tweets, the drugmaker, Sanofi released a tweet of its own, saying racism is not a known side effect of the sleeping aid.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
While Sanofi, is sticking up for its brand, this is not the first time the drug has been blamed for reckless behavior.
Ambien has been connected to many crimes, mainly used as a drug by criminals to put people to sleep before carrying out heinous acts. We found several instances where the prescription was part of the criminal investigation.
Former Tennessee Sheriff Robert Arnold was accused of assaulting his wife after taking an Ambien and chasing it with beer. He was later sentenced to four years in prison on other charges.
Convicted nursing home killer Robert Stewart was charged with eight counts of second degree murder after a shooting rampage in North Carolina in 2009. High levels of several drugs including Ambien were in his system.
Last year a jury indicted 20-year-old Jack Young for being on Ambien and other drugs during a crash killing 13 people on church bus on their way home from a retreat in Texas.
In most cases, the accused criminals said they have no recollection of what happened.
The drugmaker clearly list Ambien's side effects in its commercials. “Sleep walking, eating or driving without fully awake with memory loss for the event, as well as abnormal behavior such as being more outgoing or aggressive than normal, confusion, agitation and hallucinations may occur. Don't take it with alcohol as it may increase these behaviors.”
While racism is not listed, it could constitute as abnormal or aggressive behavior. Although, some might argue, those comments are not unusual for Roseanne Barr.
In any case, Ambien's drugmaker Sanofi warns if you have any of those side effects, stop taking it and They're snapping back against Barr's claims.
Barr later took those claims back saying, “I BLAME MYSELF OK? It's just an explanation not an excuse.”
no, i didnt i blamed myself. stop lying. Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully? — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Natural alternatives to Ambien include melatonin, Valerian and Chamomile Tea.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Once Routine, ICE Check-Ins Now Fill Immigrants In U.S. Illegally With Anxiety
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marisa Penaloza/NPR Marisa Penaloza/NPR
Florinda Lorenzo has been in the U.S. illegally for more than a decade but checks in with federal immigration agents in Baltimore several times a year. Until recently, it had become routine, almost like a trip to the dentist.
Many immigrants — like Lorenzo — who are here illegally are not in hiding. Hundreds of thousands of them report to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on a regular basis. They've been allowed to stay because past administrations considered them a low priority for deportation.
But with the Trump administration's crackdown on illegal immigration, that once-routine check-in has become a nerve-wracking experience. In recent weeks, some immigrants say they've been detained without warning at their ICE check-ins.
"It creates a lot of chaos for me," Lorenzo says through an interpreter. "I know lots of people are getting deported now, and I wouldn't want to be deported."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marisa Penaloza/NPR Marisa Penaloza/NPR
Lorenzo came to the U.S. from Guatemala 14 years ago. She has three children, two of them U.S. citizens who were born here. Lorenzo was arrested in 2010 and charged with selling prepaid phone cards without a license. The charges were dropped, but she's been required to check in with ICE since then.
Before her most recent appointment earlier this month, Lorenzo looked nervous. Her eyes were red.
"It's hard for my family, for me ... my kids, my husband," Lorenzo says. "It's very painful and stressful for me. ... I just hope I go back to my children today."
A few dozen friends gathered to pray and show their support — both for Lorenzo's sake, and for ICE officials, in case they were watching. Nick Katz, a lawyer with CASA de Maryland, an immigrant advocacy group, accompanied Lorenzo to provide legal help in case she was detained.
"The environment is so uncertain," Katz says. "We've heard stories of people being taken into custody. We know of at least one mother who was taken into custody out of a check-in."
Across the U.S., judges have issued final removal orders for more than 900,000 people in the country illegally. Many remain as long as they check in regularly with ICE.
Under the Obama administration, they were not considered priorities for deportation because they had clean criminal records, or strong ties to their communities. The Trump administration, however, is taking a more aggressive enforcement stance.
President Trump signed executive orders that broadly expanded the number of people who are priorities for deportation. That category now includes many immigrants whose only offense may be entering or staying in the country illegally.
Hans von Spakovsky, senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington, applauded the move. Von Spakovsky says criminals should be the priority. But, he says, that doesn't mean everyone else should get a free pass.
"You're in the United States illegally; you broke the law to come here illegally," von Spakovsky says. "And the government agency is basically saying, 'That's OK, we're not going to do anything about it.' That just to me is a complete violation of the rule of law."
An ICE spokeswoman did not respond to questions about the check-ins.
Several cases of unauthorized immigrants being detained at their ICE appointments have gotten widespread attention. That could have unintended consequences, says Alonzo Pena, who served as deputy director of ICE in the Obama administration. If agents detain large numbers of immigrants at their check-ins, he says, other immigrants may decide it's too risky to report.
"It's going to send a bad message to others, and it's going to really backfire," Pena says. "They lose faith in the system ... and you don't know where they're at.
"There's nothing good that will come out of that," he says.
Lorenzo emerges from her appointment in the ICE field office with a smile on her face.
"I feel very happy right now. ... My heart isn't as heavy anymore," Lorenzo says. "I don't have the words, but I feel relief."
Lorenzo found out that she can stay, at least for a few more months. She doesn't have to check in with ICE again until October. But neither Lorenzo nor her lawyers can say what will happen when she does.
This month will see some of the country's finest distillers descend on Aberdeen for a brand-new spirits festival; Spirit of North Hop.
And with a wide array of Scottish spirit firsts, it's a festival not to be missed for any discerning spirits fan!
This new event, which is organised by the team behind the popular North Hop festivals, will offer festival goers the chance to sample some of the finest spirits Scotland has to offer whilst also enjoying tasty street food and DJ sets, making it a great day out in the Granite City.
Spirit of North Hop, which takes place on 28th October at the AECC, will be the stage for some exciting new products, many of which are a first for Scotland. Highlights include;
• Scotland's first tequila company, UWA Tequila, will be there to let people sample their unique tequila which is aged in the rarest and most refined casks from around the world.
• For those who like something a wee bit stronger, Scotland's first absinthe, Lost Loch's Murmichan, will be there to tickle your tastebuds. The absinthe was created alongside Dylan Carney, who after graduating from North Carolina State University embarked on his distilling career by studying the art form at Heriot-Watt University.
• Scotland's first white rum, Seawolf, will be there – the brainchild of the team behind the renowned Edinburgh bar, Bramble.
Not only will the festival be unique in its offering but its physical layout also aims to wow the crowd. The exhibition hall will be laid out to reflect the map of Scotland, allowing people to visit the distilleries as they would were they to travel round Scotland.
Festival goers will get the chance to meet the distillers in “spiritual sessions” throughout the day and there will be prosecco, beer and cider bars to suit all tastes. Food vendors will be there to feed the crowds including popular Japanese eatery, Yatai Izakaya, which is launching its outside catering venture at Spirit of North Hop. And Inverness DJ, Alan Grant, will provide the soundtrack to the festival.
Michelle Russell, North Hop founder, said: “Scotland's spirit scene is one of the best in the world and we are incredibly proud to showcase them at our very first Spirit of North Hop festival in Aberdeen! Spirit of North Hop will give you the chance to discover some brand-new distilleries whilst also revisiting some of your old favourites.
“With everything from gin and rum to whisky, vodka and tequila, there will be something for everyone. Many of the distillers will be creating special Spirit of North Hop cocktails and serves, allowing people to try their favourite spirits in a new way. Each distillery will be offering 5ml samples and if you like what you taste you can then purchase a perfect serve, cocktail or bottle to take home!”
“For those wanting to make a weekend of it we are delighted to be partnering with the Holiday Inn and Holiday Inn Express, right next door to the AECC, to offer festival goers discounted rates, starting at £45 per night.”
Tickets cost £25 and are on sale now from Ticketmaster and Universe. For more information, please visit https://northhop.co.uk/festivals/spiritofnorthhop.
April marks sexual assault awareness and prevention month and the military has focused much effort on its prevention and care for victims of sexual assault. One program lauded as an innovative approach to victim support is the U.S. Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel Program.
Lt. Timothy Ceder, a military lawyer with the Navy's Judge Advocate General's Corps, was chosen as one of the Navy's Victims' Legal Counsel (VLC) in the Pacific Northwest to carry-on this new program. Ceder provides legal services to eligible victims of sexual offenses, including assistance and advocacy in the investigative and military justice processes. The VLC Program became fully operational on Jan. 1, 2014 and now consists of 33 specially trained judge advocates in 25 fleet locations around the world.
Ceder started his naval career as a general practice attorney at Naval Station Mayport, Florida, where he provided legal assistance to sailors and their families and later acted as a trial counsel for courts-martial. He then went on to become a criminal defense attorney in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, defending sailors accused of crimes at courts-martial at bases all around the Pacific Ocean. In October 2016, Ceder was personally selected by the Judge Advocate General of the Navy to serve as a VLC.
“The Navy is committed to protecting the rights and interests of victims of sexual assault and ensuring the administration of a fair, transparent and efficient military justice system that guarantees due process for the accused and promotes good order and discipline,” said Vice Adm. James Crawford III, Judge Advocate General of the Navy.
The Navy implemented the VLC Program to offer a military attorney to represent and assist victims of sexual offenses. VLC assist victims with legal decisions; represent them in military courts; advocate on their behalf to investigators, commanders, and prosecutors; and provide other legal advice and assistance connected to the sexual offense. VLC operate independently and are not within the chain of command of the offender, the victim or prosecutors. Since the Program's inception, Navy VLC have assisted more than 2,780 victims around the world (as of April 2017).
“Victims of sexual assault face difficult and complex issues, and the VLC Program gives them the support they need to successfully navigate any legal obstacle they encounter,” said Ceder.
The VLC Program helps victims understand the investigative and military justice processes, which can sometimes become overwhelming to a victim.
“Victims come to VLC during the darkest points in their lives. As an attorney, there is no better feeling than ensuring the military justice system treats my clients fairly and with the respect they deserve.” said Ceder.
Ceder is making an impact on the world as a Navy lawyer.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.01.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 12:43 Story ID: 230593 Location: US Hometown: MILTON, WA, US Web Views: 4 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Milton native joins innovative advocacy efforts in the U.S. Navy for victims of sexual assault, by Natalie Morehouse, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
As USA Swimming Grapples With Sexual Abuse, Athletes Cite Lack Of Female Coaches
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ted S. Warren/AP Ted S. Warren/AP
Congressional committees have been looking into the issue of sexual abuse in Olympic sports, with a particular focus on gymnastics. Now stories of alleged abuse are emerging in swimming. Last month, former Olympic athlete Ariana Kukors Smith sued her former coach, Sean Hutchinson, for allegedly abusing her. She also sued USA Swimming and the U.S. Olympic Committee because she says they failed to protect her.
Today, there are more than 150 coaches on USA Swimming's permanently banned list. Almost all are men, most of whom the organization has deemed to have violated its code of conduct, including a section that prohibits "any inappropriate sexually oriented behavior or action."
Chris DeSantis, a swim coach in New Jersey, says the actual number is probably much higher than the public list would suggest: "I would estimate the actual number of coaches who have done something that they should be banned for is north of 1,000."
Hutchison, the coach, denies Kukors Smith's allegation. "I absolutely deny having any sexual or romantic relationship with her before she was old enough to legally make those decisions for herself. Prior to that time, I did nothing to 'groom' her," Hutchison said in a statement, according to the The Seattle Times. "I deeply regret that she would make these wild allegations all these years later."
USA Swimming did not respond to repeated requests for comment. Earlier this year, USA Swimming CEO Tim Hinchey sent a letter to its members reading, in part "Let me be clear: USA Swimming does not tolerate sexual abuse or misconduct, and I assure you that this organization is facing this extremely serious issue with one very clear goal – protecting children and athletes."
"We will not shy away from acknowledging or supporting survivors of abuse, and we will strive to ensure that there is never a lapse of a support system again," the letter continues.
There are also coaches who have been publicly accused of assault who are not on the banned list. Sarah Ehekircher accused her swim coach Scott McFarland of misconduct more than two decades ago.
McFarland said that two had a consensual relationship when Ehekircher was 18 and they were both living in Colorado. But she said he first sexually assaulted her on a trip to California when she was 17. After a hearing conducted in 2010, USA Swimming did not discipline him.
She wonders if having more female leadership at the club would have changed things. "Specifically for me," she says, "I think I would have had someone to go to."
There are very few female swim coaches at the elite level. It wasn't until 2012 that a woman — Teri McKeever, who coached at the University of California for more than 25 years — was appointed to serve as coach of the U.S. Olympic women's team. In a speech McKeever gave four years ago, she spoke about how long it took for women to break that barrier. "Swimming started at the Olympics for women in 1912," she said. "I had the great honor in 2012 to be the head coach as we went into in London. So 100 years."
That milestone didn't augur permanent change, though: four years later, McKeever was left off of the coaching roster. It was once again, all white men.
Susan Teeter, who recently retired as the head coach of the swim team at Princeton University, was disappointed by the snub. "I personally was pretty upset," she says. "I just don't understand how you can leave off someone who got rave reviews in 2012 as the head coach. It was mind boggling."
In past statements, the organization has pointed out that there are roughly the same number of female and male coaches in the sport. Women, however, are much more likely to coach younger age group swimmers.
Nancy Hogshead-Makar, a gold medalist in swimming in 1984 who now leads the advocacy organization Champion Women, says the lack of female coaches at the elite level has implications beyond depriving young girls of potential role models. "I think the consequences of having an overwhelming male coaching staff and leadership is a lot of sexual abuse," she says.
She says one of her former coaches, Mitch Ivey, abused a fellow teammate in the 1980s. In 1993, he separately denied allegations of sexual misconduct against him, according to The New York Times. He was banned by USA Swimming for violating its Code of Conduct decades later, in 2013.
"What made swimming so dangerous in my era and from what I understand today," says Hogshead-Makar, "is that there's this implicit understanding that coaches can find their romantic or sexual partner from within the athletes that they coach."
Those relationships have been prohibited since 2013. But as Hogshead-Makar points out, that only happened once the U.S. Olympic Committee pressured USA Swimming to adopt the rule.
Susan Teeter, the former coach at Princeton, says she is devoting her retirement to bringing more women into the coaching ranks.
"I don't have a solution, I just know it's a problem," she says. "And I'm willing to go out looking for the answers and trying to change it."
To that end, she says, she formed a task force to study the issue. Her hope is to ensure that the women who are on the pool deck aren't just swimmers or their moms, but the people actually in charge.
The Citroen C5 Aircross will make it to our shores ‘sooner or later'.
The Citroen C5 Aircross will make it to our shores ‘sooner or later'.
Despite being a brand with a rich, important history — and indeed, a strong heritage in Australia specifically — Citroen isn't a brand which has resonated with Australians in recent years.
Last year the French marque sold only 735 cars in Australia, a 23.8 per cent drop on the previous year and less than niche brands such as Infiniti and Alfa Romeo and Fiat.
Even more damning is 266 of those sales were of the brand's work-oriented Berlingo light van.
However despite its struggles, the brand's new(ish) distributor Inchcape says it is a company worth trying to revive.
Speaking to WestWHEELS at the C3's launch outside Sydney,Citroen Australia managing director Anouk Poelmann said Citroen stood out in the sea of car manufacturers, because of it standing for more than just being a means of transport.
“What we've seen in recent years coming from Paris is it's about celebrating life, celebrating the brand's heritage and enjoying life,” she said. “So it's a very, I'd say almost happy brand; if you drive this car, you're different, you're not mainstream, it says something about yourself.
“I think there's place for such a brand in the market.”
Ms Poelmann conceded this message hasn't always been communicated correctly in the past but steps are being taken to try and get the brand's name on the lips of Australians.
Inchcape — which is also Subaru's distributor — took a similar approach to Peugeot when it took over distribution for the two French brands nine months ago.
Citroen Australia managing director, Anouk Poelmann.
It launched the Peugeot 3008 and 5008 SUVs in quick succession which has helped sales grow 7.8 per cent so far this year.
Now, the focus has turned to Citroen, which will also turn to SUVs for a sales boost.
The C3 currently sits alongside the quirky Cactus crossover and Grand Picasso people mover in Citroen's reduced local line-up, while further additions are on the horizon.
Ms Poelmann confirmed the C3 Aircross small SUV will arrive in Australia at the end of this year, while the larger medium-sized C5 Aircross recently confirmed for Europe will also make it to our shores “sooner or later” — but definitely not this year.
“The C3 Aircross is the first true SUV for Citroen and that is a fantastic opportunity for us,” Ms Poelmann said.
“We have an opportunity to build the awareness, create some interest, get the message out to the customer that Citroen is more than just Cactus or Picasso.”
This rebuilding of Citroen and Peugeot has seen Citroen's premium DS sub-brand put on hold for the time being.
Previous distributor Sime Darby had begun to make DS a separate standalone brand as it is elsewhere in the world, with the DS3, DS4 and DS5 formerly on sale in Australia.
However Ms Poelmann said it was important to get the two main brands in order first.
“We would like to build a profitable business, profitable growth and create a solid customer base in the market and then let's see,” she said.
On top of simplifying line-ups, other changes since Inchcape began its stewardship include restructuring after-sales programs to be more customer friendly and shaking up the dealer network.
Showrooms offer Peugeot and Citroen brands and the number of dealerships has been reduced, which saw long-time WA dealer Allpike close its doors last year.
On Tour
Sandra Bergstom (c), 17, a Rotary-sponsored exchange student from Sweden, is shown around Westport's Old Mill area today by her parent host Fides Ostbye (r) and daughter Camilla, 12. Sandra will complete her senior year at Staples High School. (CLICK TO ENLARGE) Dave Matlow for WestportNow.com
Photo: Mzee Erastus Agalo of Mnara village, Muhoroni constituency prepares to take passion fruits to the market.
The fruit only takes six to eight months to mature, unlike sugarcane, which takes up to two years
Baraka Karama
Sugarcane farmers within the Nyando sugar belt have now resorted to yellow passion fruit farming due to the problems facing the sugar sector.
Sugar millers, such as Miwani, which shut down and Muhoroni which is under receivership, have made it difficult for cane farmers in the area to earn a living. And as the government struggles to find a lasting solution, a majority of the cane farmers have now opted to seek better ways of survival.
One such famer is 73-year-old Mzee Erastus Agalo, a native of Mnara village, Muhoroni constituency in Kisumu county. For decades, Mzee Agalo was supplying cane to Chemelil, Muhoroni and Kibos sugar factories. But when the sector encountered problems occasioned by mismanagement, Agalo sought alternatives.
“Lack of payment made me and other farmers to change our minds and look for better ways and means to survive,” he says.
Mzee Agalo has now transformed his six acres of sugar cane farm to grow the yellow passion fruit. And over the past six years, Agalo admits that he has reaped good profits. “I decided to change because many times I could not get market for my cane. Even the little cane I took to the factory, I would go for many months without being paid,” he regrets. Agalo is among several farmers within the region who were introduced to yellow passion fruit farming by Community Action for Rural Development, a non-governmental organisation that trains farmers within western Kenya.
“This organisation understood the challenges we were facing and as a result decided to train us on the new farming methods,” says Agalo.
He is able to sell at least five to ten kilogrammes of yellow passion fruit a day at Sh300 each. “I am able to at least get something. Even though the profit is not as big as when growing sugarcane, but the good part of it is that you can't miss earning some money,” Agalo says.
Apart from supplying passion fruits to various companies such as Homa Lime, Agalo also sells the fruit locally to fellow villagers. He says, “People come here to buy the yellow passion fruit to make juice while some enjoying eating the fruit”.
Water challenges
But despite making profits, Mzee Agalo admits that yellow passion fruit farming also has its fare share of challenges. “For instance, I am forced to pump water daily when there are no rains. As a result, I use electricity unlike in cane farming where I didn't have to use a lot of water,” he says.
Agalo says the passion fruit only takes six to eight months to mature, unlike sugarcane, which takes a longer time. “At least I am guaranteed of making money after every six months. Even if I don't get a major customer, I can still go around various markets and display them and people will still buy,” Agalo says. He says that unlike sugarcane farming, the yellow passion fruit farming does not require a huge piece of land. “You can even grow it behind your house and still you will get something. So if you have a huge piece of land then you stand a chance of making more money,” he says.
According to the technical director for USAid Kaves, James Arim, several cane farmers from the region have already been trained to grow yellow passion fruit.
“In the last three years, we have put up more than 1,000 acres under yellow passion fruit production. We are also connecting farmers with markets,” Arim said.
Kisumu, Kakamega, Siaya and Vihiga counties are the areas where farmers have already been trained to grow yellow passion fruit.
Sales of the iPhone fell over the past three months, but revenue from the range increased by 13 percent as Apple reported record revenues of $88.3 billion.
The iPhone X is the most expensive iPhone ever and while this may have diminished its appeal to some, the margins are clearly benefiting Apple.
In total, 77 million smartphones were shipped, while Apple also shifted 13.1 million iPads – an increase of one percent – and 5.1 million Macs were sold.
iPhone X
Service revenue, which includes the App Store and Apple Music among others, rose by 18 percent to $8.5 billion, while ‘other', which includes the Apple Watch and headphones, contributed $5.5 billion to Apple's coffers.
“We're thrilled to report the biggest quarter in Apple's history, with broad-based growth that included the highest revenue ever from a new iPhone line-up. iPhone X surpassed our expectations and has been our top-selling iPhone every week since it shipped in November,” said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO.
“We've also achieved a significant milestone with our active installed base of devices reaching 1.3 billion in January. That's an increase of 30 percent in just two years, which is a testament to the popularity of our products and the loyalty and satisfaction of our customers.”
Earlier this week, research from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech found that Apple's market share had increased across Europe, with the iPhone X among the top three best-selling devices across most major markets. However its share in the UK fell by 2.4 percent to 44.2 percent.
Late last year it emerged that Apple was intentionally slowing down older devices in a bid to maximise battery life. Following consumer outrage it launched a cheaper battery replacement programme and promised to add additional battery management options in iOS.
Quiz: How well do you know Apple?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was left with facial injuries after he was attacked by a group of people in the Old Duke pub in Bristol city centre.
The incident, which was caught on CCTV, happened around 9.20pm on Friday, April 13 at the Old Duke pub in King Street.
A man was attacked by a group and had suffered cuts to his face as a result of the assault.
(Image: ASPolice)
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
He is described as a white male of medium build and aged between mid to late 20s, with mousey brown short hair and facial stubble.
(Image: ASPolice)
A spokesman for Avon and Somerset police said the man was wearing a black and white chequered shirt and blue jeans at the time of the incident.
Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting incident number 5218079171.
You can also get in contact with Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 and quoting the incident number above.
New Delhi: In his first address to the nation on the eve of Independence Day, President Ram Natbh Kovind on Monday said it is our national resolve to attain desired milestones for a New India by 2022 when India completes 75 years of independence.
“New India must be a society rushing towards the future and also a compassionate society,” he added.
“We should work with unity and purpose to ensure that benefits of government policies reach all sections of society,” said Kovind. The president also asked people to ensure that daughters are not discriminated against and they get the best education.
Washington: The Donald Trump administration is starting an inter-agency policy review of relations with Pakistan, US secretary of state Rex Tillerson has said, underlining that the president has specifically asked questions about the level of support and funding to Islamabad.
“We are beginning an inter-agency policy review towards Pakistan. This (continuation of US aid to Pakistan) is going to be one of the considerations,” Tillerson told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing on the state department's annual budget proposals. He made the remarks while responding to a question from Congressman Dana Rohrabacher as to why the US continues to give financial assistance to Pakistan.
“Are we still giving money to Pakistan? Dr Afridi (who helped locate Osama bin Laden)...is being held in a dungeon there, and the Pakistanis continue—we know the ISI (Islamic State) continues—with the notorious support of terrorist elements in Afghanistan. Why are we still giving Pakistan any aid at all?” Rohrabacher asked. Tillerson said this is one of the things being considered by the inter-agency review.
“The president has asked the question specifically about our level of support and funding to Pakistan. No decision is to be taken until we complete that policy review,” Tillerson said. “As you well can understand and appreciate, Pakistan and our relationship with them touches on some much broader issues relative to stability in Afghanistan and how we achieve that, but also stability in the Indo-Pacific region. It is a very complex relationship we have with the government of Pakistan, but your concerns are all well founded,” said the secretary of state.
Hoping that the Trump administration will take a realistic view of the region, Rohrabacher said Pakistan is acknowledged by most people he has dealt with as the source of terrorism in that part of the world. “And if we don't succeed in Afghanistan, it will be because of the ISI in Pakistan,” Rohrabacher said. “With that said, Afghanistan looks like it's not going in the right direction. And there are some creative ways to handle this. We continue to have troops involved there, but some people are calling for more troops. I hope that we look for other methods rather than sending American troops into Afghanistan,” the Congressman said. The Afghan policy is under review as well, he said.
“I mention that in the context of Pakistan because you cannot work one without the other. In the interim, though, we have had inter-agency discussions with the president about how to preserve the opportunity for a long-term solution in Afghanistan where we do not leave Afghanistan, where we never allow Afghanistan to become the platform for terrorism to be launched against the United States or certainly others,” Tillerson said.
“That work we expect to complete over the coming weeks, review it with the president, make a final policy decision. But it has not been going well in Afghanistan. There are steps we need to take to at least prevent further deterioration while we get our new policies in place,” he said.
What the US is following now are the policies of the prior administration, and some steps need to be taken to stem the effects of those while the Trump government gets its policies in place, Tillerson said. Joining Rohrabacher, Congressman Ted Poe said Pakistan is playing the US. “We give them money. That money ends up in the hands of bad guys in Afghanistan who hurt Americans. And I personally think that Pakistan should not get any American money,” he said.
“They get $500 million a year not counting the military. They should be designated as a state sponsor of terror. And they also should be removed from the major non- Nato (The North Atlantic Treaty Organization) ally status that they have,” Poe said. “But I know this has been a discussion for years to try to get Pakistan on board to do the right thing. They don't. What are we going to do?” he asked. PTI
HIGHLIGHTS Photographer shares family recipe for cheesecake
Her mom was the family cook and her dad the baker
Laurie Barone-Schaefer, a freelance photographer, lives in Sag Harbor with her husband and three sons.
How long have you and your dad been baking together?
I've been in the kitchen ever since I was a little girl. My dad loved to bake and my mom was the cook. So I got the best of both worlds. My mom would always make a traditional Italian meal on Sundays—meatballs, sauce, sausage, braciole, pasta. There was a home-cooked meal every night. My dad would do some traditional things for the holidays. During Christmas he makes Buccellati cookies, with figs, nuts, chocolate, and honey. The recipe was handed down to him from his great-grandmother and he still keeps the tradition going. He had a custom-made pasta board that he'd put on the dining room table for homemade pasta to dry.
Do you cook and bake with your own children?
My sons are 14, 10, and 8. They do have an interest. They definitely have a taste for good food. They'll help me make homemade bread, pasta. They love Easter bread. That's my middle one's favorite. Every once in a while I'll surprise him and make it even if it's not Easter. The expression on his face when he sees it, that's what it's all about.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
You're a photographer. Are aesthetics important?
I combine cooking and photography, and it can be dangerous sometimes. I'll take pictures of my creations and post them on Facebook and people will ask me for some. I'll wind up packing dishes and bringing them to friends around town. My joy is seeing other people enjoy what I create.
Tell me about this recipe.
My father has been making cheesecakes for as long as I can remember. Whenever we have a holiday I call on Dad. I'm one of three siblings and we all request it. There are some different variations that he makes. Sometimes my brother will have caramel-cashew. Sometimes we put raspberry sauce or sour cream topping on top. That's where the presentation comes in and I like to use my creativity. But the base is the recipe from dad.
Any tips for success?
Definitely use a water bath to bake it in, but most of all have fun and enjoy the time with whomever you're making it with. It's not about perfection, it's about having a good time together.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some of the stars of iconic ITV cop soap The Bill have reunited to celebrate the fact the entire collection of episodes are back on TV again.
Chris Simmons, Lisa Maxwell, Mark Wingett, Trudie Goodwin , Graham Cole and Eric Richard all posed on the bonnet of a police car to celebrate the news.
The Bill - which ran from October 1984 to 2010 - is being resuscitated on UKTV's Drama Channel.
All 2,421 episodes will be broadcast on the TV channel seven years after the police soap was taken off the box.
(Image: TA)
The Bill was based in the fictional East London Sun Hill police station with Chris playing DC Mickey Webb, Lisa playing Samantha Nixon, Trudie playing Sgt June Ackland, Graham playing PC Tony Stamp, and Eric playing Sgt Bob Cryer.
Mark, 56 - who played DS Jim Carver over 787 episodes between the show debut and 2005 - has revealed just how much work went into making the show.
(Image: Carlton Television)
(Image: TA)
(Image: TA)
(Image: TA)
"It was a tough job because we'd be working six days a week, involving 12-hour days after which I'd go home and learn my lines for the following day - so you had to get by on about six hours sleep a night,” he told The Sun.
"But it was a wonderful thing to be part of, particularly because we were custodians of our characters, who we knew so well, and if we disagreed with the script we could make suggestions that would be used,” he added.
(Image: TA)
(Image: TA)
(Image: TA)
Trudie - who was on the beat from 1984 to 2007 - said she was proud of her time on the show, describing The Bill as a "ground-breaking series which meant a lot to so many people."
The Bill will commence airing on UKTV's Drama Channel from 14 August at 12 midday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 'stereotypical bloke' who enjoyed drinking beer and watching football as a man has shed five stone in a bid to undergo a sex change.
Jennifer Less, who was born Mark, ballooned to 22st 2lbs by binging on fast food, chocolate and sweets.
Jennifer said she became so depressed with 'living a lie' for nearly 30 years that she shut herself away to comfort eat.
Although she would order women's clothes online and dress up in secret, Jennifer was too scared to come out as she feared how her family would react and instead found solace in pizzas, Chinese takeaways and sugary snacks.
But after coming out in October 2015 and starting hormone replacement therapy a year later, Jennifer was told she would need to shed 7st to reach a safe weight for her gender reassignment surgery.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media)
Now eight months into her weight loss journey, Jennifer, now 31, is well on track weighing 17st 2lbs and has dropped six dress sizes from a size 28 to a size 16.
The trans woman's weight loss has also boosted her confidence as Jennifer has gone from a 'shy shut-in' to a social butterfly who loves shopping, karaoke and embracing her glam side.
Supermarket assistant Jennifer, of Ipswich, Suffolk, said: "Coming out and knowing that I need to lose weight to have my surgery were exactly the inspiration I needed to get in shape.
"I'm so motivated and determined. It's given me that end goal that I think everyone needs when they've struggled with their weight.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media)
"I feel amazing, losing weight has been the best thing that has ever happened to me. It has really boosted my confidence.
"When I was living as Mark and I was at my biggest I used to just shut myself away because I was so insecure.
"I was so down that I comfort ate all the time and I was eating all the wrong stuff.
"I kept Jennifer secret and would only ever order clothes online so I could dress up at home by myself. But even then it was hard to find clothes because I was so big.
"I would go to karaoke but stand in the corner and never talked to anyone because I was so shy. Now I'm anything but shy and I've made so many friends.
"And it feels so great to be able to go out into town shopping and buy whatever I want.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media)
"I am finally being true to myself and living life as the person I should be and always was on the inside. I just can't wait to lose another two stone and have my surgery."
Jennifer first knew she was trapped in the wrong body from the age of four and couldn't understand why 'she wasn't like the other girls'.
It wasn't until she was 19 that Jennifer got to be herself for the first time when her parents Susan Lees, 68, and Richard Lees, 71, went on holiday and Jennifer seized the opportunity to raid her mum's wardrobe.
Over the next decade Jennifer lived as Mark, a stereotypical bloke, enjoying beer, football and video games, but her bulky frame became a symbol of how down she actually was.
Jennifer kept dressing up in secret until 2011 when she became so frustrated with her double life she threw away all her women's clothes and wigs.
But rediscovering one wig that had somehow slipped through the net reignited a spark in Jennifer and she finally got up the courage to come out as transsexual to her family in October 2015.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media)
Despite her fears about her religious family's reaction to her transgender status, Jennifer says her transition has been 'embraced with love' by everyone around her, especially colleagues and friends.
Just days after starting hormone replacement therapy in October 2016, Jennifer joined Slimming World and transformed her once fatty and sugary diet for lean home-cooked meals.
Now thanks to her incredible weight loss, Jennifer, who was named The Greatest Loser for 2017, is just two stone away from the surgery that will allow her to live her life in a body that reflects the woman she has always been.
Jennifer said: "I remember being about four and I just knew that I was a girl.
"I obviously didn't really understand what gender was but I remember being around other kids and wondering why I wasn't like the other girls.
"It was very confusing but I just shut that side away. I've never been into stereotypically girly stuff so I don't think anyone ever suspected.
"I don't really believe age or gender should affect your hobbies.
"Even though I knew what transgender was from the age of 13 and I knew that it applied to me I would never even dream of coming out.
"My family have always been really religious and you hear horror stories about people being disowned.
"I spent so many years living a lie and I hated the body I was trapped in.
"At my age you realise that life is just too short not to take chances.
Jennifer's daily diet:
Breakfast
Before - Three pieces of buttered toast (690 calories) and a very large bowl of bran flakes with semi-skimmed milk (280 calories)
Now - Low fat natural yoghurt with fruit (110 calories)
Lunch
Before - Fried chicken wrap with cheese (560 calories), two cans of Dr Pepper (300 calories) and a slice of cake (297 calories)
Now - Baked chicken pieces (117 calories) with Uncle Ben's rice with steamed vegetables (209 calories) and a small protein yoghurt (58 calories)
Snack
Before - A big bag of Haribo sweets (547 calories) and a family bar of Cadbury chocolate (500 calories)
Now - A punnet of grapes (150 calories)
Dinner
Before - A 12" takeaway meat feast pizza (1,040 calories)
Now - Slimming World nacho cheese bake (600 calories)
Total calories
Before - 4,214
Now - 1,244
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Elected officials from the St. Louis area and civic leaders gathered Wednesday in Forest Park for a summit on regional challenges and opportunities. The summit, called by the East-West Gateway Council of Governments, focused on four areas: economic development, workforce development, crime and safety and state policy pertaining to the St. Louis region.
Council chairman, St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger, says he was happy to see Missouri Governor Eric Greitens resign.
Stenger told Fox 2 he looks forward to working with governor-to-be Mike Parson.
"I think we're going to be able to work with Governor Parson on issues related to public safety. I think it's going to be a whole new day for dealing with him on issues around economic development, and really the important role that our region plays in this state's economic ecosphere. I mean we are the economic engine for the entire state." SAID Stenger.
Stenger says area business leaders see the Greitens resignation as something positive and believe Parson will have a different mindset on economic development matters. St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson agrees Governor Greitens made the right decision and also looks forward to working with Parson.
"I think he's a guy with a long legislative history and he's been in the Lieutenant Governor's office for a little while now, so I think he does understand the process. I'm sure he understands how important the St. Louis region is to the state, and so that's a good start.” Said Krewson.
BOSTON — A wounded veteran from Lackawanna County is capturing hearts with his brave gesture during the closing moments of this year's Boston Marathon.
Army Staff Sergeant Earl Granville of Carbondale can be seen carrying a woman across the finish line in a Facebook video from Boston's ABC affiliate WCVB. The has been viewed more than one million times.
Granville was on his third deployment to Afghanistan in 2008 when his vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb.
Granville has competed in multiple marathons using a hand bike.
On Monday, he completed the Boston Marathon without a bike.
Neskonlith elder Louis Thomas listens to a story told by his late mother Mary Thomas, while curator/director of the Salmon Arm Arts Centre, Tracey Kutschker, looks on. The two are collaborating on a project, Slxlxaya: Stories of the Secwepemc People, that combines Indigenous stories with visual art. It opens Friday, June 1 and runs from June 2 to Aug. 4. (Image credit: Jodi Brak/Salmon Arm Observer)
While flooding in B.C. and the Shuswap has demanded a lot of attention recently, Louis Thomas says it's never been a big topic for his people.
Thomas, a Secwepemc elder and member of the Neskonlith band, says: “Our people never talked about it that much. It's Mother Nature's way. It's a normal function of Mother Earth.”
He recalls seeing floods as a child.
“I remember some of the flooding we had. The trains had to go real slow, with water right up to the tracks. I was just a little kid then. I can't remember them talking of any big floods. They kind of accepted that as part of Mother Nature's work. Like when the sun comes up in the morning, it's part of life we accept.”
Asked if he's worried about climate change, he says no.
“I think, according to our stories, Mother Earth is rolling over. It's part of the stories handed down. That's why there's a change in the weather pattern. Earth doesn't stay static, it's constantly changing.”
He says pine cones, for example, have been found in some of the melted glaciers.
“It's not like the old school globe here where the earth spins on one axis.”
It's rolling over, moving over to another way, he says.
“Our people call it Mother Earth is rolling over. I'm not worried, it's Mother Earth's way of fixing things, or making us more aware. I don't know. Some people say she's getting mad, that's why she's rolling over,” he adds with a laugh.
He said it's a story that was handed down from the old people, which is different from legends like those about creation – how coyote helped create the land for the people to come.
“That's why people have respect for the animals. They were probably here before us, the original people. We studied them, how to exist on the land. They taught us what to eat and what not to eat.”
He says the stories handed down include the many faces of Mt. Ida. And how people came to settle in the wetlands, following the intervention of the government.
@SalmonArm
marthawickett@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The Peacers' new album, Introducing The Crimsmen, gargles psychedelic music like purple milk. It is weird as it is sweet, with short, reverb-heavy pop songs that subvert melodies with broken noises and chicken-fried guitar solos. The band collects some of San Francisco's modern psych scene — Mike Donovan (Sic Alps), Mike Shoun (Thee Oh Sees), Shayde Sartin (The Fresh & Onlys) and Bo Moore (Bozmo) — and spans gently strummed acoustic bummers and grizzled rockers.
"Staying Home" is the album's most realized and fully arranged track, a hangdog warble guided by a watery acoustic guitar, shuffled into existence by a spare drum kit crashing around Bo Moore's bleary-eyed croon. He repeats, "Dinner was a happening time / But now it's over," with resignation. Director William Keihn captures the song's mysterious ennui in a beautifully shot short film that flows freely from its two characters — "Grey" and "Pink" — plus a brief exchange with a stuffed dog, culminating in its burial and burning.
Introducing The Crimsmen comes out June 16 via Drag City.
A Texas cop has a history of racism, and it took murdering and beating Black men for investigators to finally indict him.
In 2011, Jon Preston Romer Jr. stopped 32-year-old Charal Thomas as he was driving. Romer claimed Thomas rolled up his car window and trapped the cop's arm, making him fear “for his life.” With Thomas' three young children in the back seat, Romer shot and killed Thomas. Romer was never indicted.
Then-chief Jeff Halstead even defended Romer, saying, “It's easy to stand on the outside of police work and point a finger of either racism or something inappropriate. We have the hardest job in the nation.” See a video about the shooting below:
Fast-forward to five years later, Romer is accused of beating a 21-year-old Black man. DallasNews.com reports, “Romer encountered Henry Newson at Texas Health Harris Methodist Fort Worth on Nov. 5, 2016. According to the indictments, Romer — who was working an off-duty security job at the hospital — punched, choked and pushed Newson during the incident.” Newson, 21, was reportedly arrested on charges of criminal trespass and resisting arrest, but all charges were dropped.
However, DallasNews.com reported, “Romer later lied when he told investigators in 2017 that the use of force had been approved, the indictments say, and then he lied under oath last month when he said he told Newson he was under arrest before hitting him.” He was “indicted last week on charges of official oppression, making a false report to a peace officer and aggravated perjury. He was booked into the Tarrant County jail and released Thursday after posting bond.”
Jon Preston Romer Jr, a Fort Worth police officer indicted on charge of lying, covering up police brutality, during arrest. He also killed a disabled man in front of his kids. https://t.co/tRHNb61P4m — Deb Nystrom, dnrevel (@dnrevel) March 19, 2018
Here is the worst part. According to KXAS-TV (NBC5), he is still a police officer and on “restricted” duty. Even when a cop is indicted and proven to be guilty, there is no justice. Make America great again!
SEE ALSO:
Marielle Franco, Radical Black Female Politician, Executed In Brazil
Megachurch Pastor Says Believing Jesus Is The Only Way To Heaven Is ‘Insanity'
"First of all, Bashar al-Assad is a socialist. He is a member of Syria's ruling Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party. Although the clue is in the name, it helps to understand the intellectual origins of Ba'athism.
The three leading founders of Ba'athism Salah al-Din al-Bitar, Zaki al-Arsuzi and Michel Aflaq were all Syrian Arabs, Aflaq being a Christian Arab with Salah and al-Arsuzi were Muslims. Ba'athism's essence combines traditional Arab cultural values with the anti-imperialist concept of Arab nationalism while harnessing the ideas of traditional socialism as both a bulwark against imperialist aggression and as a means of allowing post-colonial peoples to elevate their economic independence efficiently and rapidly.
Ba'athism, unlike Marxist-Leninism is not anti-religious and encourages the integration of Islam and Christianity with modern forms of government. Ba'athist organisations throughout the Arab world continue to attract all varieties of both Muslim and Christian men and women. Religious tolerance under a secular government and female rights are key features of Ba'athism".
Those who advocate for violent, illegal, immoral and gruesome war have no leg to stand on when criticising anyone else.American liberal mainstream media has picked up a story which originated from the state-owned Qatari propaganda outlet Al Jazeera which seeks to link the American far-right, sometimes called the alt-right with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party.As I wrote yesterday in The Duran To say that the US far-right is somehow pro-Ba'athist is not only a contradiction in ideology but it is an objective falsehood. The US far-right is on the whole vehemently anti-Muslim and anti-Arab, thus making it totally incongruous to say that the leader of an Arab Ba'athist government who happens to be a Muslim is an iconic figure of the US far-right.What is true is that the US far-right is not the well-organised group that the liberal media claims it is. It is more accurately described as a loose and informal coalition of various individuals reacting negatively to the identity politics which the US mainstream media and political elites have been promulgating for decades. This position in and of itself is not only not extreme but is objectively moderate.What is extreme is the symbolism that many online self-identified alt-right individuals use to promote their ideas. Such symbolism includes praising the fascist German leadership of the 1930s and 1940s and the posting of vulgar and obscene memes. However, such people are a minority, even among the American far-right, let alone the much wider US conservative movement. In many cases, such individuals are engaging in intentional parody in order to inflame or 'trigger' the left. Whether this is in good or bad taste is a matter of subjective opinion.Among this wide coalition there may beThese people are almost certainly from the more moderate, worldly and informed wings of the vague right-wing movement in the US.The following video of a man at an alt-right protest in the United States has been used by the liberal mainstream media to demonise all supporters and those sympathetic to the Syrian branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath party as members of the extreme right, even though many such people are on the traditional paleo-conservative right, the libertarian left or right or the traditional socialist or communist left.This video does not demonstrate that the far-right is pro-Assad but rather that some Americans on the so-called fringes of politics are not only more informed but are more peace minded than the dangerous US mainstream.Irrespective of whom this man is and what he stands for, his statement about the Syrian conflict is far more accurate than anything that has been said in Congress with the noble exceptions of Rand Paul and Tulsi Gabbard.Indeed, such a statement is similar to those frequently made by Ron Paul and his colleagues at the Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity, a classical liberal/libertarian body with some traditional anti-war conservative elements.The illegal US wars in Yugoslavia, Iraq, Syria, the extra-legal fascist coup in Ukraine and the disastrous Hillary Clinton authored crime against humanity in Libya had nothing to do with the alt-right/far-right but they had everything to do with the opponents of the far-right/alt-right. Ironically, this includes liberals who label their domestic opponents as 'fascist' even when they are not, while supporting open, classical fascists in Kiev. The labels of right and left are becoming increasingly difficult to pin down. While the anti-Vietnam war movement was generally a leftist movement for peace, today's radical left say precious little about foreign war, preferring instead to feign being upset by distasteful memes which do not result in any country going to war.This is not to say that the far-right in the US is good, extreme political movements are rarely wholesome. The fact is that while the US far-right makes memes and holds marches calling for a revisionist view of the US Civil War and Second World War,Therefore, no matter how one views the far-right/alt-right, they are vastly less dangerous than the liberal and neo-con war mongers who leave behind them not a trail of memes but a trail of blood throughout the world.
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) - Bermuda police confirm they have found the body of missing US student Mark Dombroski, no cause of death announced.
A Brief History of Babel
Borders, windows.
Sound.
Trudging up the steps, I am winded after six flights,
my words smothered in the breathing.
The Gate of God proffers no favors.
When the spirit gives me utterance, what shall I say?
Curiously, no direct link exists between Babel and babble.
A collective aphasia could explain the disruption. One's
inability to mouth the proper word, another's
fluency impeded by context.
A stairway terminating in clouds.
Syllable by twisted syllable, dispersed.
Separated in symbols.
And then,
writing.
To see the sunrise from behind a tree, you must face
east: higashi, or, a discrete way of seeing
the structure of language unfold.
Two characters, layered. One
thought. Direction.
Connotation. The sun's
ascent viewed through branches
as through the frame
of a glassless
window.
Complexity in simplicity.
Or the opposite.
I have no desire to touch heaven, but my tongues reach where they will.
Who can know what we say to God, but God?
And the breeze winding through, carrying fragments.
* * *
My poem, “A Brief History of Babel,” was drafted during the August 2015 Tupelo Press 30-30 challenge, and was subsequently published at Bonnie McClellan's International Poetry Month celebration in February 2017.
The acquisition of Pennar Renewables by Greenko Solar Energy is part of the growing trend of mergers and acquisitions in the Indian renewable energy sector.
Mumbai: Pennar Industries Ltd (PIL), a Hyderabad-based engineering company, on Monday said its board has agreed to sell a stake in its subsidiary Pennar Renewables Pvt. Ltd to Greenko Solar Energy Pvt. Ltd, the solar energy arm of Greenko Energy Holdings.
Pennar Industries, established in 1988, is engaged in manufacturing precision engineering products such as cold rolled steel strips, precision tubes, railway coaches, pre-engineered building systems, sheet metal components and road safety systems.
According to a statement issued by Pennar Industries, once the transaction is completed, its consolidated debt will be reduced by Rs101 crore. “The proceeds from the sale of transaction will be used by the company to expand its product base and addressable markets,” the statement added.
Pennar Industries' consolidated long-term and short-term debt stood at Rs296.5 crore as of 31 March.
Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
On Monday, shares of Pennar Industries surged 8.76% to close at Rs53.4 on BSE, while the benchmark Sensex rose 0.75% to 31,449.03 points.
The acquisition of Pennar Renewables is part of the growing trend of mergers and acquisitions in the Indian renewable energy sector.
Greenko itself has been an aggressive acquirer.
On 14 March, Mint reported that the Greenko group is looking to acquire hydro and wind power producer Bhoruka Power Corp. Ltd's renewable energy portfolio of 310 megawatts (MW).
Last year, Greenko acquired the Indian assets of US solar power firm SunEdison for $392 million. Greenko was also one of the suitors to acquire 1.1 gigawatts (GW) of wind and solar assets of Welspun Renewables, which were eventually acquired by Tata Power Renewable Energy for around $1.4 billion.
Apart from strategic investors such as Greenko, the sector has also seen strong M&A action driven by financial investors.
Last month, IDFC Alternatives, the asset management arm of the infrastructure-focused lender, announced the acquisition of American solar panel maker First Solar's 200MW of renewable power assets.
In April, Mint reported that infrastructure fund of Australia's Macquarie Group Ltd had agreed to buy about 330MW of operational solar assets from power producer Hindustan Powerprojects Pvt. Ltd for an enterprise value of $600 million.
Financial investors Actis Llp and Equis Energy are also looking to sell their respective Indian renewable platforms—Ostro Energy Pvt. Ltd, and Energon and Energon Soleq.
Luka Milivojevic said one or two more wins should see Crystal Palace safe from relegation.
The Eagles are seven points clear of the Premier League drop zone with six fixtures remaining. The Eagles earned a 2-2 draw against Leicester City and next face Liverpool at Anfield.
He said: “We started well but we conceded a cheap goal from the throw-in and Leicester are not an easy team to chase the game against because they have one of the best defences in the league.
“But we've turned our form around since February and we're playing with a confidence and calmness that comes with good results. But we must keep picking up points until we're safe.
“I've enjoyed the challenge of playing in the Premier League. We must respect the point even though we controlled the game after going behind early on. We have a difficult run-in but we've played very well in the last few games and one or two more wins should see us safe.”
The Serbian midfielder has slotted seamlessly into the rigours of Premier League football with commanding performances against the likes of Chelsea, Arsenal and defending champions Leicester.
He added: “I don't get a lot of time in games to show my quality on the ball because my priority is to protect the defence. But I'm a team player and I'll do whatever it takes to help us get the right result. Liverpool will be another tough fixture but our confidence is high so we'll have no fear going into the game.”
World War II Vet Donald Malarkey, Portrayed In 'Band Of Brothers' Dies At 96 Donald Malarkey fought through Europe during World War II as a member of the famed U.S. Army Easy Company. He spent 172 days on the front lines, more than any other member of E-Company.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Virgil van Dijk is more of a chance of being sold to Chelsea or Manchester City than he is Liverpool, according to reports.
Southampton is intent on not being bullied by the Reds after their run in which led to the Anfield club making a public apology.
Yahoo sport says the Dutchman is likely to head to the Etihad or Stamford Bridge before Liverpool.
However, it will come at a heft cost of more than £70m - a world record for a defender.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Klopp concern at Can deal
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
Amid the near hysteria of Philippe Coutinho's transfer saga, another delicate contract situation has gone largely un-noticed.
Yet if the loss of the little Brazilian would be seen as a dramatic blow to Liverpool that sends out the completely wrong message about their status and ambition, then so too would any sale of Emre Can.
Somehow, the young midfielder who is seen as the future of the German team and one of the most promising players in his position across Europe, has just a year left on his contract, with no end in sight to stuttering negotiations.
Failure to secure the 23 year-old on a new long-term deal would be seen as negligent in the extreme - especially given the fraught situation surrounding Coutinho, and what his desire to leave for Barcelona means.
Here's the full story.
Henderson hopeful of Coutinho stay
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Jordan Henderson will try to persuade Philippe Coutinho to turn his back on Barcelona because every Liverpool player “wants him to stay”.
Liverpool will have to play their crucial Champions League showdown with Hoffenheim in the play-off for Europe's biggest prize without the injured Brazilian, who has submitted a transfer request.
But Henderson says that won't affect the Reds tonight or stop the Kop skipper from trying to talk round his teammate.
Henderson said: “It's a difficult situation for Phil and whatever I say won't help matters - but we want Phil to stay because he's a world class player.
“Ask anybody in the team and they want him to stay.
Read more here .
Democrats Perez And Sanders Aim To Put The Party Back Together Again
Democrats are watching bellwether elections. Steve Inskeep and NPR's Scott Detrow talk to Tom Perez — chairman of the DNC — as he begins a national unity tour with Sen. Bernie Sanders.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
The new chairman of the Democratic Party is about to start a road trip with Bernie Sanders. They want to revitalize a party that's lost the White House and lost Congress. Their itinerary includes swing states like Florida and Nevada and red states like Kentucky, Nebraska, Texas, some more. Tom Perez is on the line to talk about all this. Mr. Chairman, welcome back to the program.
TOM PEREZ: Always good to be with you, Steve.
INSKEEP: Do you and Bernie Sanders represent two different wings of the party?
PEREZ: Oh, I think we stand for some basic propositions that all Democrats share, which is America works best when we work for everyone, when we're not just working for a few at the top. We believe that health care is a right, not a privilege. That's why we fought against the repeal of Obamacare.
And I think Democrats are at our best when we are united, when we put those values into action and when we tap into this grassroots energy that's really unprecedented in my lifetime. And that's why we're heading out there across America to talk about this message and to really translate this energy out there into action.
INSKEEP: But if we think about Bernie Sanders' approach to Wall Street and, say, the president you served, Barack Obama, his approach to Wall Street, they're a little different, aren't they?
PEREZ: Well, I think what unites us far exceeds what our differences are. And I think we've seen that, Steve, in recent weeks. You know, January 20 was undeniably an important day. But January 21, in my mind, was far more important because we've seen this...
INSKEEP: Oh, the big demonstrations the day after the inauguration, right.
PEREZ: Yeah, the demonstrations and the energy that you see out there is really unprecedented in my lifetime. And we see people coming together whether it's, again, defeating the Affordable Care Act repeal attempts, whether it's making sure we're standing up for fairness. You see Democrats coming together in ways I've not seen before.
The energy is palpable. And we need to have a 50-state-plus-all-the-territory strategy. Democrats all too frequently, we're not speaking to everyone everywhere. That's what we're doing this week, getting out there, making house calls.
INSKEEP: Well, let's talk about that because you are going to some very, very red states where Democrats keep hoping to do better than they have done. Democrats keep thinking maybe this will be the year for Texas. It hasn't been yet. Kentucky is a state where Democrats used to own the governorship. They don't have it now. What are you going to say differently to red states?
PEREZ: Well, we have to talk to people directly in every state. And frankly, we didn't always do that, Steve. And that's why we're out there in states like Utah and Texas and Kentucky and elsewhere - because I believe that people in Texas and Kentucky, Utah, they also understand that health care should be a right, not a privilege. They also understand that our economy works best when it works for everyone and not just for a few at the top. And so that's why we're taking this message out there.
INSKEEP: Our colleague, Scott Detrow, is going to be traveling along behind you for part of the trip. And he's in our studios. He's got a question for you.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Yeah. I guess, you know, there was an election in a red state just last week. Democrats made a decision not to put a lot of money into the Kansas House race. And then Democrat James Thompson only just narrowly lost. Was that a mistake?
PEREZ: Well, we actually - we invested in the following ways. When people were out there knocking on doors, they were using the DNC's voter file. We were monitoring the election very closely with the state party. We did robocalls at their request. And to me, what's remarkable about that race is that is a beet-red district. Republicans usually win by about 30 to 35 points. They won by single digits.
If we replicate that success everywhere, we will flip the House in 2018. And we're making tremendous progress. We've already made investments in a race that will take place tomorrow in Georgia. We're investing in races like the Omaha mayor's race.
I've said that we need to elect Democrats from the school board to the Senate. And we're working on all types of races because we believe we can elect Democrats because our - the American people understand that our values are their values.
INSKEEP: Just time for a yes or no question. Will Democrats win in Georgia tomorrow?
PEREZ: Well, I hope so. We're fighting hard. And tomorrow is a jungle primary, so that there's...
INSKEEP: Many candidates, right.
PEREZ: ...Multiple candidates. And we hope we can get over 50 percent. And if not, we'll keep fighting later for the final election. But we have a great set of candidates down there.
INSKEEP: Mr. Chairman, thanks very much. Have a nice trip.
PEREZ: Always a pleasure to be with you.
INSKEEP: That's Tom Perez, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, who's going to be touring with Bernie Sanders. And, Scott Detrow, what do you think about what you just heard?
DETROW: You know, I think there's certainly a lot of anti-Trump energy in terms of Democratic voters, grassroots activists. The question is does that become pro-Democrat energy as well? And I think right now that's an open answer. There's a lot of frustration going back to last year with the DNC, with Democrats in Congress from the people that Perez and other Democrats need to have energized.
INSKEEP: OK. Scott, well, we'll be listening for your reporting as that tour goes forward in the coming days. That's NPR's Scott Detrow.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
No doubt many England football fans in Bristol will be feeling jaded this morning after a few too many drinks celebrating the team's historic victory over Colombia last night.
Fans have been revelling in the news that England is through to the World Cup Quarter Finals - and may already be planning which pub to watch the next match in.
But unfortunately for Bristolians, the city is one of the most expensive in the UK to watch the World Cup.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Pub-goers in the city are set to spend more than 45 per cent of their average monthly wage over the duration of the World Cup, according to Dot Dot Loans' Cost of the World Cup report.
Bristol residents will splash an average of £1,281 in the pub and shops during the tournament - 45.8 per cent of the city's average monthly wage.
Using UK-wide data on the average price of a beer, meal and replica shirt across the whole of the tournament, the research reveals which cities are the worst value for residents when compared with average monthly pre-tax earnings.
And Bristol is the sixth worst in the country.
With the money spent during the month, fans could afford three adult season tickets to watch Bristol City or four annual passes to Bristol Rovers.
The amount could also buy more than eight years' worth of Spotify premium or more than 11 years of Netflix. Perhaps even more useful, with the money you could buy a monthly grocery shop for 18 months.
The fifth and final development/test release of Phoronix Test Suite 8.0 is now available ahead of its official release planned for next week to further advance open-source Linux / macOS / BSD / Windows automated benchmarking.Over the past two weeks since the previous milestone release, Phoronix Test Suite 8.0 has received more improvements to Phoromatic with a variety of small but useful changes, there is now Linux support for Spectre Variant 4 "Speculation Store Bypass" reporting when present, and a variety of other minor tweaks/fixes.This release also contains initial external dependency handling support for Termux, the Android terminal emulator. An independent user is currently working on some basic bits of Phoronix Test Suite on Android for those interested -- it's quite exciting to see as I haven't played around with any PTS Android port in a number of years. No official support for Phoronix Test Suite on Android is planned at this time unless warranted by enterprise demand for such functionality.The Phoronix Test Suite 8.0 Milestone 5 release is available from GitHub . From there you can also engage in community support, pull requests, etc. Contact us for your enterprise support needs and custom engineering engagements.See the Phoronix Test Suite 8.0 feature overview to learn more about the changes coming in this big update, including rewritten Windows support as the most significant change.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A foul-mouthed great grandmother who thinks "girls are b***hes" spoils a baby's gender reveal – by announcing with disapproval that it was a "f***ing girl".
Carrie-Anne Sanca used a balloon filled with pink confetti to give her mum the "same moment" she found out she was having a girl for a gender reveal on October 1 after seeing the idea online.
But the 33-year-old was left "shocked" when 76-year-old mum Margaret expressed her less-than-subtle disappointment as she found out her daughter was having a girl.
Hilarious footage shows great-grandmother Margaret burst the balloon with a pin and swear as she sees the pink confetti, before calling the baby a "split ar**" – offensive slang for a girl.
Margaret, who already boasts nine children, 23 grandchildren and 19 great-grandchildren, was unaware that the video had gone viral until her daughter told her she was an online hit.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne, from Bridgend, Wales, said: "She always says 'boys are lovely, girls are b***hes. I think to be honest it's just the way she is.
"When she swore in the video I just said 'mam'. I don't think she realised she was swearing – it just came out naturally. That's just her.
"I didn't expect a reaction like that to be honest. I wanted to share with her what I was having and the excitement of knowing.
"I wanted to give her a surprise and share it with her. I wanted to re-create the same moment I had when I learned I was having a girl and give her the same surprise and excitement.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
"I really thought she would love it but it wasn't the case because she wanted a boy.
"I wasn't disappointed because whatever happens I'm having a girl and there's no turning back now.
"She really wanted a boy you see. I think she was just a bit disappointed at the time. But after that she just got over it and said 'well, as long as it's lovely it doesn't matter.'
"I don't think she minds as long as it's healthy. She said 'Oh, are we having a little Maggie May from down the way?'"
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne got the idea of setting up a gender reveal by looking on social media.
She said: "I wanted to use the balloon idea because I'd seen it on Pinterest and I just wanted something different so my mum could find out I was having a little girl.
"So I bought the balloon after I found out the sex of the baby and did that."
The video was shared over 16,000 times on social media and hit nearly two million views in just two days.
In the video, Carrie-Anne's partner Paul Jones holds up the balloon and Carrie-Anne says 'boy or girl?' in anticipation before Margaret takes to it with a pin.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne said: "One minute we post it, the next minute we had all these people liking it and sharing it and it reached millions of views.
"People were adding her as a friend. When I told my mum she just couldn't believe it. She was just so shocked.
"I said, it's on social media so you're on the news. You're on the news mam, have a look and she just kept saying 'you're lying, you're lying.'
"I think she just can't understand it."
Indian IT Outsourcers Anxious Over Potential Changes To H1-B Visas
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years— has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
Talent has become more important than investment or trade. ... Those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russia is hoping to recruit former world champion track cyclist Shane Perkins of Australia in a push for medals at the 2020 Olympics.
Perkins said Wednesday in a Facebook statement that he “will now be riding for Russia,” alongside a picture of himself in Russian team gear.
“‘The Russian Cycling Federation has given me another opportunity to chase my dreams of Olympic representation in Tokyo 2020 which has special significance to me as my father (Darryl Perkins) raced the Olympics in Tokyo 1964,” he added.
Perkins said his move had the backing of Australian cycling officials. However, Russia said the switch isn't yet complete.
Advertisement
RCF general secretary Yuri Kucheryavy told Russia's R-Sport news agency that Perkins was training with Russia's sprinters recently and “we're interested in him for the team sprint, where we need a third person,” as well as the keirin.
“We still need to sort everything out officially,” Kucheryavy added.
Perkins has won two gold medals at the track world championships and Olympic individual sprint bronze in 2012, though he didn't make the team for last year's games in Rio de Janeiro.
Russia has long been open to naturalizing athletes from neighboring countries but stepped up its program for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, bringing in South Korean speedskater Viktor Ahn and U.S. snowboarder Vic Wild, both of whom won gold medals.
Other Russian recruits include former world boxing champion Roy Jones Jr., who was awarded Russian nationality by a special order of President Vladimir Putin.
By JEN CARDINES
STAFF WRITER
Southington High School (SHS) juniors Gabriella Bassi-Belanger and Nikki Belales showed their true holiday spirit this year by organizing a cultural project and toy drive.
A large poster wall was placed in the cafeteria that educates students and staff about what different cultures celebrate at SHS and across the world this time of year. The wall includes Hanukkah, Kwanza, and Christmas, with dates and information about each holiday.
While the idea was spearheaded by Bassi-Belanger, Belales was right by her side to help construct the board and collect materials. A toy drive was open throughout December for anyone in the building to donate and everything went directly to Southington Community Services (SCS).
“This is the second year that they've approached me to do some type of cultural holiday theme at Southington High School,” said principal Brian Stranieri. “Last year it started with the Thanksgiving food drive, and then I challenged them to take it a little further for the holidays.”
Bassi-Belanger said that this year she wanted the focus to be on the Southington community.
“Last year, we collected maybe 100 coloring books and materials for the Children's Hospital, but this year, we wanted to go a little bit more local,” she said.
The girls contacted Southington Youth Services counselor Sue Williams when they started the project, hoping she could help them get in touch with the right contacts.
“I didn't have to do much,” Williams said. “The girls organized everything, and I just got them in touch with SCS.”
Stranieri sent an email to all faculty members, encouraging them to donate, and the toy drive was mentioned during the morning announcements in the days leading up to the holiday break. Inside the school's main office, collection boxes accumulated coloring books, crayons, games and toys to send to families in need.
When the boxes were donated on Friday, Dec. 22, the items counted were double what the girls expected.
Williams called the drive a big success. “Gabriella is a student that is so giving, and is just always thinking about other people, whether it's patients or our community,” she said about the efforts.
“I'm so proud of what they're doing,” Stranieri said. “We have great young people in this building, and this is a fine example of what our young adults can do if they put their mind to it. They understand that it's better to give than to receive.”
Even with the holiday season nearly complete, Southington Community Services is still accepting donations. Contact them at (860) 628-3761 or drop in at 91 Norton St. in Plantsville.
To comment on this story or to contact staff writer Jen Cardines, email her at JCardines@SouthingtonObserver.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby's three men sent out on loan this week have gone straight into the starting teams at their respective clubs.
Young scrum half Reiss Cullen, 21, who joined Cardiff Blues as cover at nine on a short-term loan from Bristol this week, has been named on the replacements bench as they Welsh club face London Irish in the Anglo-Welsh Cup.
Bristol winger Ryan Edwards, who also joined Cardiff Blues on a short-term loan deal earlier this week, will make his debut on the wing for the Welsh Pro14 side tonight.
The Cardiff side will be skippered by openside flanker Olly Robinson who left Bristol earlier this season.
Will Hurrell will make his Bath Rugby debut against Ospreys in the Anglo-Welsh Cup at the Liberty Stadium tonight.
The 28-year-old joined the Blue, Black and Whites on loan from Bristol until the end of the season earlier this week and will start at outside centre in the round four clashes.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Loose Women panel were left in tears of laughter over Kaye Adams' x-rated gaffe today.
This came after Nadia Sawalha jokingly proposed to her on the panel.
During a discussion on x-rated wedding photos, Nadia got down on one knee and pulled out a gummy ring.
"When we're 70 - because you're so brilliant at washing up and I'm such a fabulous cook, will you marry me?"
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Kaye accepted it, on the condition that they tied the knot when they were 80, and Nadia exclaimed: "We're engaged, everybody!"
Once they'd hugged, Nadia went back to her seat and Kaye made the quip.
She remarked: "Nadia, I never thought I'd say this to another woman but can I eat your ring?"
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Nadia burst into hysterics as Stacey put her head in her hands. And it seems that Kaye hadn't meant it to come out quite as x-rated as it had.
When the camera turned to her, Kaye was flushed bright red as she his herself behind a swatting hand.
Andrea McLean attempted to continue on as the women around her suffered a serious laughing fit.
But she eventually cracked and let out a laugh as the programme cut to the ad break.
*Loose Women returns on Monday at 12.30pm on ITV
Photo: Reuters; Graphic: Paras Jain/Mint
Sterlite Industries, a division of billionaire Anil Agarwal's Vedanta Ltd, runs a copper smelter at Thoothukudi in Tamil Nadu. Over its 20-year existence in the port city, the plant has run afoul of environmental regulations more than once.
What led to the current situation?
Over the past 100 days, residents of Thoothukudi had peacefully protested against plans by Sterlite Copper to double its production capacity at the copper smelter. The smelter's current capacity is 400,000 tonnes a year and the work to expand this to 800,000 tonnes a year had begun late last year.
Residents of the town allege that the smelter's operations have polluted the town's air and water and increased the incidence of cancer and respiratory diseases in neighbouring villages.
Why did the Tamil Nadu government shut down the plant?
The protest reportedly turned violent on 22 May and the police opened fire on protesters, killing 13 people and injuring over 120. Chief minister E.K. Palaniswami has said that the firing was due to “unavoidable” circumstances. The crackdown fanned more anger, prompting the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board to cut power supply to the plant. On Monday, the government ordered the permanent closure of the factory and cancelled the additional 350 acres of land allotted for its expansion.
Vedanta's Anil Agarwal. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
What will Vedanta do?
Vedanta Ltd is expected to legally challenge the closure of its plant. Even activists believe that the wording of the closure order will not hold in court. A prolonged legal battle is likely.
What is the problem with the plant?
Activists say that Sterlite has flouted a host of environmental checks, including in the design of pollution mitigation infrastructure. A far shorter-than-required chimney stack prevents dispersion of air pollutants, leading to health problems for people who live in the vicinity. The company, however, says these allegations are baseless and that it has complied with all legal requirements in building and operating the smelter.
What does the shutdown mean for India and Vedanta?
Of the Sterlite smelter's total output, 234,000 tonnes are supplied to the Indian market, accounting for 36% of the country's copper consumption. The plant also employs 3,500 people directly and many thousands more indirectly. Vedanta has warned that a shutdown will lead to job losses, more dependence on imported copper and a dent on Tamil Nadu's industry-friendly reputation.
CHENNAI: A 25-year-old woman who was travelling alone in the ladies compartment of a local train in Chennai was saved from the middle of a sexual assault by an alert Railway Protection Force constable.
The incident happened around 11:45 pm on Monday on an MRTS train, according to local media reports. The RPF constable, K Shivaji, heard the screams of the woman coming from the next compartment. Reports say he was unable to intervene immediately since the train was moving.
When the train stopped at the next station, he rushed into the ladies compartment to find a drunk man assaulting the woman. He overpowered the attacker and found the woman unconscious and bleeding from the mouth. He rushed her to the hospital and she was given first aid.
The assaulter, identified as 26-year-old Sathyaraj, works as a private security guard, the reports said. The victim hails from a poor family and was returning from work, the cops said.
The woman said she had fallen asleep in the empty women's compartment of the last train and had women up to find the man next to her, trying to molest her. He pushed her to the ground, at which point she seems to have lost consciousness.
"The victim is fine, and we have recorded her statement. She wants the accused to be punished. I appreciate her for the alertness she exhibited, which helped her get help and be saved from being assaulted," Pon Manickavel, Inspector General of Railway Police, told reporters on Tuesday morning. He also announced a personal reward of Rs 5,000 to Shivaji for his "brave act".
The MRTS is an elevated local train line in Chennai that runs parallel to the coast. The sexual assault happened between the Park Town and Chintadripet stations, just two stations before she would have gotten off the train.
Top-selling MPV range, the Citroën C4 Picasso, is bringing even more style and comfort to the MPV segment with the launch of new trim level offerings.
Just in time for 181, Citroën has enhanced the trim levels available on its C4 Picasso and Grand C4 Picasso models, offering its most popular extras, under two streamlined levels – the entry level Touch, and the new Feel Exclusive. In addition, Citroën is introducing the award-winning PureTech 130 engine to the new Feel Exclusive grade, in manual and automatic versions in response to customer demand which has seen the trend shift towards petrol sales.
The high spec-ed entry level Touch trim, from €29,995, now offers additional extras of privacy glass and height adjustable passenger seats. Feel Exclusive, starting from €32,820, offers an additional €1,600 worth of added extras compared with the outgoing Feel grade with extra highlights including; half-leather trim, massage front seats, electric power tailgate and electric reclining front leg rests. These extra equipment offerings on Touch and Feel Exclusive come with no additional cost to the customer, increasing the appeal of this multi award winning family car.
For added comfort and safety, the optional Techno Pack is introduced on the Feel Exclusive trim level, at €1,650, which provides all the Feel Exclusive trim has to offer, plus keyless access and safety features; including lane keeping assist, speed limit information, smart beam and drive attention alert.
Not forgetting the C4 Picasso family-friendly range bring 5-year warranty ; 5-star EURO NCAP rating and 3-years' roadside assistance, for added peace of mind.
For more information on Citroën C4 Picasso and New Grand C4 Picasso, visit here
Posted 7 hours ago
Mombasa Senator Hassan Omar has poked holes into two of Governor Hassan Joho's projects; the garbage collection system as well as the planned Sh200
How Gazans Feel About Cost Of Recent Protests As many remain injured after weeks of protests on the Gaza border with Israel, Gazans ask what they got for the high price they paid.
It looks set to be another cold weekend across the East Midlands with outbreaks of rain, sleet and snow, according to the Met Office.
Forecasters say today will be cold with light rain and sleet.
The Met Office said: "Across the Peak District risk of icy stretches on untreated surfaces this morning, and light snow at times throughout. Highest temperatures along the coast, as light onshore winds develop. Maximum temperature 5 °C.
"Tonight will be largely cloudy with outbreaks of light rain or sleet, also hill snow, gradually dying away. Isolated showers will follow, mainly across Lincolnshire, becoming increasingly wintry. Risk of icy patches. Minimum temperature -1 °C."
And we can expect a frosty start on Sunday, with possibly icy patches on untreated surfaces. Then staying cold despite sunny spells, with scattered wintry showers, although many places will remain dry. Highest temperatures along the coast. Maximum temperature 4 °C.
Cardi B wears clothing Salvatore Ferragamo Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
CR Fashion Book Issue 12 will be on newsstands starting March 1, 2018. To pre-order an exclusive copy click here, and sign up for our newsletter for exclusive stories from the new issue.
Cardi B has proven herself a hitmaker, but she still wants the world to know and respect where she came from. Born in the Bronx with strong Caribbean roots, she is not afraid to speak her mind and act on it—precisely the qualities that have made her an international rap superstar with a string of record-breaking singles. But even after the fame and fortune, she is still that same Cardi, only now she has new bling, new beef, and new subject matter for her verses and hooks. Here, the rapper talks with Zendaya about fame, her blackness, and wanting to prove people wrong.
Zendaya: How would you describe yourself in three words?
Cardi B: Honest. Energetic. I'm also kind of a loner. I like to be in silence, think, and make myself laugh.
Z: I'm definitely a loner. I never want to leave the house. I'm glad that I have a job that forces me to.
CB: I hear you.
clothing and jewelry Saint Laurent by anthony vaccarello Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Z: I'm from Oakland and that is a huge part of my character. How did growing up in the Bronx influence your music and personality?
CB: It influenced the way I see things. In the Bronx, there are different cultures, a lot of Caribbeans. I didn't grow up having much, so I didn't have much to brag about. All I knew was violence, gang relations, and how to hustle. That's what I mostly rapped about. Now that I'm seeing different things, traveling places, and buying new things, I can rap about all that.
One negative thing is that, even though I'm happy, I feel like I was a little bit happier two or three years ago when I had less money.
Z: What's the process of music for you?
CB: I see other artists, how they work, and sometimes I be feeling like, Wow, I'm really slow. But it works for me. I cannot do music in my bedroom with a beat. I have to be in the studio and when I am, I am in there for like, 15 hours. I get that one beat and I write and I write and I write. You know I have Caribbean parents, so my vocabulary is a little bit different. So I always ask people, Hey, do this make sense? Can you say this word? Is this even a word? [Laughs]
bodysuit and necklace pierre cardin, ring bulgari Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Z: That's funny.
CB: I'm a rapper, but I'm not like a freestyler. My fiancé raps off the top of his head. For me to do a verse, I have to sit down, focus, and take my time. And if I'm not feeling the beat, I just can't do it.
Z: How has your life changed since you became famous?
CB: Well, one positive thing is that, my family, whatever they want, they get. Everything that I want to buy, I can get. I don't have to worry so much about my future. One negative thing is that, even though I'm happy, I feel like I was a little bit happier two or three years ago when I had less money. I had fewer people who had opinions about my life. I felt like my life was mine. Now I feel like I don't even own my life. I feel like the world owns me. It's crazy because I have never been the type of person to ever really care about anything. I never had to censor myself. Now I feel like everybody is so sensitive, and it's sad. Some people have written me off or tried to make me feel like I'm something I'm not or wanted to tell me how to manage my relationship.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
DRESS LOUIS VUITTON, BRA FLEUR DU MAL, JEWELRY BULGARI Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Z: A huge part of fame is that you open your life to the opinions of others.
CB: I hate it.
Z: Career-wise, what's your next big goal?
CB: I really want to accomplish more records, more Billboard hits. I might want to get into acting or designing clothes, but my real goal is to have beautiful kids, a beautiful mansion, and do business that makes me money until the day I die. Then be able to pass it on to my children.
clothing paco rabanne Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Z: What is your dream day off?
CB: I like to do absolutely nothing. I don't want anybody to invite me nowhere. I don't want to do my fucking makeup. I don't want to put tight clothes on. I don't want to wear heels. I don't want to do shit. But if I can be with my dude and have a little nasty time, I love that too.
Z: Who are your role models?
CB: I can't really say that there's another artist who I admire because I don't really know them, I don't see their struggles or their work ethic, like really see it behind the scenes. My role models are the people around me who I see working. Like for example, my mom would come home from work and get cooking right away. Me, if I work, after that I can do no other shit. I'm not trying to cook. I'm not trying to do anything. I also admire my homegirl, right? She used to strip. As soon as she would come home at five or six in the morning, she would finish counting singles, then get her son ready for school, and boom, take him to school. Then she would go to sleep at 9:00 a.m., wake up around noon, and pick her up soon again. Things like that, I really admire.
bodysuit alexandre vauthier, bra and underwear fleur du mal, boots gianvito rossi Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Z: Is there anything that people don't ever ask you that you want somebody to ask you?
CB: One thing that always bothers me is that people know so little about my culture. We are Caribbean people. And a lot of people be attacking me because they feel like I don't be saying that I'm black. Some people want to decide if you're black or not, depending on your skin complexion, because they don't understand Caribbean people or our culture. I feel like people need to understand or get a passport and travel. I don't get to tell you that I'm black. I expect you to know it. When my father taught me about Caribbean countries, he told me that these Europeans took over our lands. That's why we all speak different languages. I expect people to understand that just because we're not African American, we are still black. It's still in our culture. Just like everybody else, we came over here the same fucking way. I hate when people try to take my roots from me. Because we know that there's African roots inside of us. I really just want people to understand that the color that I have and features that I have are not from two white people fucking.
clothing and accessories saint laurent by anthony vaccarello Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
dress stella mccartney, jewelry pomellato, boots gianvito rossi Petra Collins / CR Fashion Book
Z: Okay last question: what gives you the greatest satisfaction?
CB: I love proving people wrong. I know that's bad, but it just gives me this crazy
satisfaction. People used to say I was only going to be a reality star—and boom! Or that my songs would never make it to radio—and then boom! I used to work in a very ratchet club named Divas in the Bronx. When I was 21, I was so in love with this guy. He used to tell me, “You're going to be 40 years old still working at Divas.” It felt so good when he came back around and told me how proud he is. In my inner soul, I was just so happy, like, Yeah what's good?!
PHOTOGRAPHER PETRA COLLINS
FASHION RON HARTLEBEN
CREATIVE DIRECTION THE STYLE COUNCIL PARIS
MAKEUP ERIKA LA' PEARL
HAIR WARD
HAIR (PERSONAL FOR CARDI B) TY MICHELE
MANICURE MEI IKAWAJIRI
